With images of violence and torture coming out of Syria daily , a U.N. panel on Friday stated what many people consider obvious : ISIS has committed war crimes and crimes against humanity , and leaders of the militant group should be held accountable by organizations such as the International Criminal Court . The U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria based its conclusions on more than 300 firsthand accounts and included photos and videos of violence and victims , a statement said . "  Those that fled consistently described being subjected to acts that  terrorize  and aim to silence the population , " said Paulo Pinheiro , chairman of the commission . The commission issued a paper titled "  Rule of Terror : Living Under ISIS in Syria " that described previously known ISIS tactics such as killing , enslavement , rape and sexual slavery . But the report provides details about other , less sensational abuses , such as the penalty for smoking or having tattoos . "  ISIS also carries out amputations and lashings in public spaces in its areas of control , " the paper said . Men have had their hands amputated for allegedly committing theft . The group has also amputated the fingers of men caught smoking , according to the commission 's report . "  Men have been lashed for being in the company of women who ISIS considers to be ` improperly ' dressed , for smoking , not attending Friday prayers , trading during prayer times and for having tattoos . " ISIS targets women and children The acts of terror are not random occurrences but are part of the ISIS organizational policy , the paper said . That 's why commanders for ISIS , sometimes called the Islamic State , should be held accountable by groups such as the International Criminal Court , the paper said . ISIS aims to establish a ruling Islamic government in Syria and Iraq . Richard Dicker , director of the International Justice Program for Human Rights Watch , said the International Criminal Court could only become involved in Syria if the U.N. Security Council approves . A previous U.N. motion on Syria was thwarted by veto votes by China and Russia , he said . "  The ICC has no say-so , " he said . "  The power lies in the hands of the U.N. Security Council . " The commission 's report about war crimes is significant , however , because it focuses only on ISIS and not the other groups involved in the Syrian conflict , Dicker said . "  It reshapes the frame around ISIS 's actions , " he said . ISIS is well-financed and draws fighters from many nations , including the United States and other Western countries . ISIS targets ethnic groups , journalists , women and children , the paper said . "  Unmarried women -- whom ISIS considers to be females over the age of puberty -- pose a particular threat to the armed group 's enforced social order , " the paper said . "  Parents of unmarried women and girls are terrified of their daughters being forced to marry ISIS fighters and as a result , early marriage is on the rise . Their fears are not unfounded . "  There are distressing accounts of fighters taking girls as young as 13 years old away from their families , resulting in violations of international humanitarian law and acts that amount to war crimes of cruel treatment , sexual violence and rape . " Education is used to indoctrinate children , the paper said . Propaganda and social media In the Syrian city of Raqqah , "  children are gathered for screenings of videos depicting mass executions of government soldiers ,  desensitizing  them to extreme violence . By using , conscripting and enlisting children for active combat roles , the group is perpetrating abuses and war crimes on a massive scale in a systematic and organized manner , " the paper said . Children are also exposed to horrific sights , such as public executions , public mutilations and the display of bodies in town squares and other visible spots , it said . Besides terror , ISIS exerts control by taking journalists captive and regulating public services in areas it controls , the paper said . "  At the core of ISIS ' propaganda strategy is an effective use of modern communications , particularly social media for purposes of recruitment and fundraising , " it said . "  Many new recruits , from the region and beyond , have been influenced by widely disseminated violent images of executions , beheadings and stonings . " In other news from Syria , the United States-led coalition carried out 20 airstrikes , including 19 against ISIS and one against the al Qaeda-linked group , Khorasan , U.S. Central Command said Friday . The strikes happened between Wednesday and Friday and 17 of them destroyed ISIS positons and vehicles near Kobani . An airstrike east of the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa destroyed one of the militants training camp . The strike against several terror suspects associated with the Khorasan group took place west of Aleppo . Meanwhile the coalition also conducted 16 airstrikes in Iraq against ISIS , including two strikes west of Kirkuk , three near Baiji and one near Fallujah that destroyed a large ISIS unit , according to Central Command .	U.N. commission includes photos and videos of abuse , victims ' accounts Panel says actions by ISIS amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity Men have had fingers amputated for smoking , U.N. report says ISIS leaders should be held accountable by an international court , paper says
CNN  -- In compiling a new George Harrison greatest-hits collection , the idea was to focus on the flow , his widow , Olivia , told CNNRadio Monday . George Harrison , shown here in 1992 , had hits with "  My Sweet Lord " and "  All Those Years Ago , " among others . "  It 's a collection that spans his career , and we put them together in a way we thought they would just kind of flow , you know , musically , into one another , " she said of "  Let It Roll : Songs by George Harrison , " out Tuesday . "  But , it 's all George , you know . " In 1970 , the Beatles broke up . Harrison burst out of the palace with "  All Things Must Pass , " a monster three-record set that featured friends like Eric Clapton , Leon Russell and former bandmate Ringo Starr . Critics and fans agree the album is among the best solo offerings from a former Fab . Although five cuts from "  All Things " got the nod on this package -- the title track , "  Is n't it a Pity , " "  What is Life , " "  The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp " and , of course , "  My Sweet Lord " -- this look back displays Harrison 's solo work throughout his career . The 19-cut CD extends all the way through "  Brainwashed , " his final album , featuring that album 's chirpy "  Any Road " and the hypnotic instrumental "  Marwa Blues . " The Beatles are present too . Three live Harrison songs from "  The Concert for Bangladesh " -- "  While My Guitar Gently Weeps , " "  Something " and "  Here Comes the Sun " -- sound as good today as they did on that August date in 1971 at Madison Square Garden . And , of course , his bouncy , tongue-in-cheek "  When We Was Fab , " from his 1987 release "  Cloud Nine , " shows Harrison looking back without anger . "  I think that there is an underlying thread that he always expressed , always a bit of humor , always a bit of longing , " said Olivia Harrison . "  You know , I do n't like to overuse the word spirituality , but , you know , he was interested in things not of this world . " Harrison is a two-time inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , once as a Beatle and once as a solo artist .	New George Harrison collection , "  Let It Roll , " out Tuesday CD songs from 1970s "  All Things Must Pass " through 2002 's "  Brainwashed " Widow : Harrison 's songs had "  always a bit of humor , always a bit of longing "
CNN  -- Football ca n't do much to help the devastated communities along the Jersey Shore after Hurricane Sandy . But this is what residents in dozens of towns are discovering this month : Football players can . From Union Beach to Seaside Heights , from Belmar to Bayville , local high school teams are aiding the recovery effort with supplies , with support , and sometimes , with strength . That was the scene in Point Pleasant Beach last weekend . More than a dozen members of the town 's undefeated high school team went door to door helping their neighbors . They carried out flood-ravaged debris to the curb , from couches to dressers to dining room furniture , and when they finished one house they would walk as a group to the next and start again . "  I said to the kids when I texted them  to organize the cleanup  , the community has been so behind us , this is an opportunity for us , in a way , to say thank you , " said John Wagner , the team 's head coach . Many of the players had done the same thing at their own homes earlier in the week . Others were displaced , living in hotels or shelters , not sure where their families would settle long-term . This is the case up and down the Jersey Shore , the epicenter of the devastation from the unprecedented storm . The images on television days after , from the roller coaster from the Seaside boardwalk sitting in the ocean to the boats piled up like toys on the streets , do not begin to sum up the damage . It is not just the beachfront mansions that took a beating here . It is the Cape Cods and single-story ranch homes that are blocks away from the ocean that suffered devastating flooding . Families who never experienced so much as a drop of water in their basements for decades were dealing with several feet of it , sometimes enough to make the houses unlivable . Families who only lost possessions consider themselves lucky . Quinn Kusma is a linebacker for the Point Pleasant Beach team who lives five houses from the beach in Lavallette , New Jersey . He left his home as the storm hit and still has n't returned -- and probably wo n't for a month . It could be up to a year before his house is livable again , which means as he finishes his senior year , he 's essentially homeless . The family is living in a hotel in a neighboring town . "  I figured I 'd be safe and bring enough  clothes  for five days , " Kusma said . "  I was only off by 360 . " Still , Kusma was one of the players who helped organize his teammates to help their neighbors . When the cheerleaders heard what the players had in mind , they came to help , too . One woman , who lives a block from the football field , broke into tears when the teenagers started streaming into her house to clean up . "  The wins come and go , but what you did for people , that 's the stuff you do n't forget , " Wagner said . "  That 's more important . " How you can help Sandy victims The efforts were not isolated to Point Pleasant Beach . In nearby Manasquan , which was hit hard with flooding , dozens of players met at a local church to unload three truckloads of supplies . Then they shoveled sand that had washed up onto the streets into trash cans that they dragged back up to the beach . On it goes , with teams everywhere trying to help . A basketball team in Linden , New Jersey , far from the hardest-hit areas , organized a clothes and canned goods drive at halftime of its football game . Two bitter rivals , St. John Vianney and Raritan High , were schedule to play last Friday ; instead , the players came together and collected donations at a shopping plaza . "  Football and sports have been secondary right now , " said Mark Ardizzone , who had trouble tracking down his players in Asbury Park because of spotty phone service . "  It 's all about helping each other out and helping the community out . " The help extends beyond the high school level , too . Rutgers , the state university in New Jersey , and its athletic teams have gotten involved , planning to sell T-shirts with the state 's outline and the word "  strong " at its game against Army this weekend to benefit the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund . Several athletes and athletic department officials also went to hard-hit Union Beach to unload supplies . Tim Pernetti , the athletic director , saw a town where houses were literally torn in half during the storm . "  People down here are hurting , " he said . "  This is not just Rutgers people who need to help . The whole state of New Jersey needs to help . " Professional teams have also contributed , from the $ 500,000 gifts from the Giants and the Yankees to the personal visit to Toms River , another coastal town , from Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez . Eli Manning , the Giants quarterback who had flooding in his own Hoboken , New Jersey , apartment , helped unload supplies in Staten Island . Games will resume this weekend in some New Jersey towns . In other places , power still has n't returned to schools , leaving some coaches wondering when -- if ever -- their seasons might continue . But everyone recognizes this : What happens on the field is secondary . What happens off it , from the teenagers carrying seawater-drenched sofas to the curb to the professional teams writing checks , is already making an impact .	New Jersey high school football teams are helping Hurricane Sandy relief efforts Members of Point Pleasant Beach 's undefeated team organized a massive cleanup They went door to door helping neighbors ; carried out flood damaged furniture Other local teams , such as a basketball team in Linden , are also pitching in
London  CNN  -- Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and her multimillionaire art collector husband Charles Saatchi took a step toward divorce Wednesday in London -- weeks after images of him grabbing her by the throat made headlines . Neither party was at the High Court to hear the judge grant the "  decree nisi , " on the grounds of Saatchi 's "  unreasonable behavior . " But in a sign of the media interest in the proceedings , more than a dozen journalists were in court for the brief hearing . After six weeks , the couple can apply for a "  decree absolute , " the legal document that will finalize the divorce , bringing to an end 10 years of marriage . Court documents show that it was Lawson who filed for divorce . No details are given of the financial settlement agreed to between the two , each of whom is wealthy . Tension between the pair hit the tabloids after Saatchi was photographed placing his hand around her neck and twisting her nose as the pair had lunch at a London restaurant . Lawson and her children moved out of their family home as the media storm blew up . Saatchi told the UK 's Mail on Sunday newspaper early this month that divorce proceedings were under way . "  I feel that I have clearly been a disappointment to Nigella during the last year or so , and I am disappointed that she was advised to make no public comment to explain that I abhor violence of any kind against women , and have never abused her physically in any way , " Saatchi wrote in the statement . "  This is heartbreaking for both of us as our love was very deep , but in the last year , we have become estranged and drifted apart . " Lawson , known as the "  queen of food porn , " has written numerous successful cookbooks and hosted several TV shows in Britain and the United States , including the ABC show "  The Taste . " Saatchi , an art dealer and former media mogul , denied that he attacked Lawson but told a London newspaper that he voluntarily went to police a day after the pictures were published to accept a police warning . According to a UK government website , a caution is issued for minor crimes and is not a criminal conviction .	A "  decree nisi " is granted for celebrity chef Lawson and art collector Saatchi After six weeks , the couple can apply for the divorce to be finalized The divorce comes weeks after images of Saatchi grabbing her by the throat made headlines Lawson and her children moved out of the couple 's home after the incident in June
CNN  -- Presidential candidates Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain are detailing their plans for solving the country 's energy crisis and criticizing each other 's proposals this week as they campaign in battleground states . Here 's a look at the candidates ' energy proposals : Overall strategy McCain , the presumptive GOP nominee , has proposed a national energy strategy that would rely on the technological prowess of American industry and science . McCain has said he would work to reduce carbon emissions 60 percent below 1990 levels by 2050 . He has said he would commit $ 2 billion annually for 15 years to advance clean coal technology . He also has pledged to oppose a windfall profits tax on oil companies that , according to his campaign Web site , "  will ultimately result in increasing our dependence on foreign oil and hinder investment in domestic exploration . " McCain also believes the U.S. needs to deploy SmartMeter technologies , which collect real-time data on the electricity use of individual homes and businesses . Meanwhile , Obama laid out his comprehensive energy plan Monday in Lansing , Michigan . "  If I am president , I will immediately direct the full resources of the federal government and the full energy of the private sector to a single , overarching goal -- in 10 years , we will eliminate the need for oil from the entire Middle East and Venezuela , " the presumptive Democratic nominee told a crowd . Obama 's plan also would invest $ 150 billion over the next 10 years and leverage billions more in private capital to build a new energy economy that he said would harness American energy and create 5 million new jobs . He also called on businesses , government and the American people to meet the goal of reducing U.S. demand for electricity by 15 percent by the end of the next decade and said he would modernize the national utility grid . Another prominent feature in the plan : Immediately give every working family in America a $ 1,000 energy rebate and pay for it from oil company profits . Offshore drilling McCain : Proposed lifting the ban on offshore drilling as part of his plan to reduce dependence on foreign oil and help combat rising gas prices . Would let individual states decide whether to explore drilling possibilities . Opposes drilling in some wilderness areas -- including the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge -- and said those places must be left undisturbed . Obama : Opposed new offshore drilling , but later shifted to say that he would consider it if it were part of a larger strategy to lower energy costs . Supports bipartisan energy plan from the Senate that combines alternative energy innovation , financial , nuclear energy and drilling proposals . Effort by five Democrats and five Republicans to break Congress ' energy impasse would allow expanded offshore oil exploration and embrace ambitious energy efficiency and efforts to develop alternative fuels . Believes oil companies should drill on the 68 million acres they have access to but have n't used and would require oil companies that will not drill to give up their leases . Strategic oil reserves McCain advocates suspending the purchase of foreign oil for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve during periods of high prices to reduce demand . Obama called for tapping into strategic oil reserves as part of his plan to provide relief from high gas prices .  He previously said he was opposed to using the strategic reserves , but on Monday he proposed selling 70 million barrels of oil from the reserves to lower gas prices  . Cars and driving McCain : Proposed a $ 300 million award for "  the development of a battery package that has the size , capacity , cost and power to leapfrog the commercially available plug-in hybrids or electric cars . " Called for the suspension of the 18.4-cent-a-gallon federal gas tax and 24.4-cent-a-gallon diesel tax from Memorial Day to Labor Day . Says the lost revenue would be paid for by money from the general fund . Obama : Would provide $ 4 billion in loans and tax credits to American auto plants and manufacturers so that they can retool factories and build fuel-efficient cars ; would put 1 million 150-mpg , plug-in hybrids on U.S. roads within six years and would give consumers a $ 7,000 tax credit to buy fuel-efficient cars . Nuclear energy McCain : Calls for building new nuclear reactors , saying barriers to nuclear energy are political , not technological . Would put a plan in place to build 45 new nuclear power plants by 2030 -- with the ultimate goal of 100 new plants . Would provide for safe storage of spent nuclear fuel and give host states or localities a proprietary interest so when advanced recycling technologies turn used fuel into a valuable commodity , the public would share in the economic benefits . Obama : Says he 'll find safer ways to use nuclear power and store nuclear waste . In Democratic debate earlier this year , he said , "  We should explore nuclear power as part of the energy mix . " Renewable energy McCain : Would commit $ 2 billion annually to advance clean coal technologies . Calls for a permanent tax credit , which he says will "  simplify the tax code , reward activity in the U.S. , and make us more competitive with other countries , " according to his campaign Web site . Encourages development of low-carbon fuels -- wind , hydro and solar power . Obama : Would require 10 percent of U.S. energy come from renewable sources by the end of his first presidential term . The plan would extend the Production Tax Credit for five years to encourage the production of renewable energy . Create five first-of-a-kind , coal-fired demonstration plants that would capture and store carbon dioxide emissions and invest in technology that will allow for more coal use . Climate change McCain : Proposes a bipartisan plan to address the problem of climate change and stimulate the development and use of advanced technologies . It is a market-based approach that would set caps on carbon and other greenhouse gas emissions and provide industries with tradable credits . Obama : Calls for a reduction of carbon emissions by 80 percent by 2050 by using a market-based cap-and-trade system . Would create what his campaign calls a "  Global Energy Forum " and re-engage with the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change . CNN 's Ed Hornick , Kerith McFadden and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Sen. Barack Obama lays out comprehensive energy plan this week Obama vows to eliminate the need for Mideastern , Venezuelan oil in 10 years Sen. John McCain proposes an energy strategy relying on technology and science McCain says the federal government should lift restrictions on offshore drilling
CNN  -- He has a habit of producing the goods at the season 's finale , and 2014 was no different for Henrik Stenson as he successfully defended his DP World Tour Championship Sunday . Coming into the tournament in Dubai , Stenson was still searching for his maiden win of the year , having suffered near misses at both the BMW International Open and Volvo World Match Play Championship . A closing two-under-par 70 at Jumeirah Golf Estates , however , ensured that the Swede not only ended that long wait , but it also provided him with a first title defense of his career . The 38-year-old landed the European Tour 's DP World Tour Championship last year to help tie up the Race to Dubai , while also securing the PGA 's own season-ending Tour Championship which brought with it the FedEx Cup . But while Sunday 's victory was not enough to claim the Race to Dubai for a second year running -- Rory McIlroy was confirmed as the winner earlier this month -- Stenson was still able to prove once more that he is the man to come good at the year 's climax . "  It feels great . I 'm exhausted to say the least , " Stenson told the European Tour 's official website . "  I had a couple of close calls this year to get my win and it was not to be . It 's been close but eventually you get something if you stick around and I surely did that . " Stenson had found himself in real trouble after the 11th hole Sunday , having hit his tee shot out of bounds , enabling Spain 's Rafael Cabrera-Bello to take a two-shot lead . The Swede fought back , though , and a superb tee shot on the 17th led to a tap-in birdie , allowing him to reclaim the lead . Another birdie on the 18th ensured he finished two shots clear of McIlroy , Justin Rose and Victor Dubuisson , who shared second spot . "  It was hot out there and tricky on the back nine . I did not play my best and had a shocking hole on 11 , " Stenson said . "  I walked up to the tee with too much club in my hand and instead of changing I tried to cut a two-iron but hit a push , slice , shank straight into the buildings . "  That knocked me back but I did not give up . I just had to dig in there and wait for something to happen . " Sunday 's triumph is set to move Stenson up to second in the world rankings behind McIlroy , who has enjoyed a season to remember . And looking ahead to 2015 , the Swede has set his sights on finally securing the elusive No. 1 berth , as well as landing a maiden major title . "  It would be nice to have been ranked the world 's best at some point , " he said . "  But if I had the choice I would go for a major championship , so I am going to try and be in good shape for them next year . "	Henrik Stenson wins DP World Tour Championship for second year running Stenson lands first win of 2014 at Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai The Swede set to move up to second in world rankings after victory
CNN  -- For some , the name "  Williamsburg " conjures images of people wearing tricorner hats and churning butter . For others , the name brings images of people wearing skinny jeans and churning organic butter . The former are thinking of Colonial Williamsburg , Virginia , a popular family vacation spot whose slogan is "  The Future May Learn from the Past . " The latter are thinking of Williamsburg , Brooklyn , a popular liberal arts grad landing spot whose slogan could be "  Past : It 's Me , Not You ; L8er , the Future . " Full-throated endorsements of Williamsburg , Brooklyn , are hard to come by . People find it too trendy or played out . Press further , and critiques fall into two categories : 1  It used to be cool , but now it 's filled with fauxhemians : middle-class post-college kids looking for la vie boheme . 2  It 's Exhibit A in the case against gentrification : Affordable rent brought artists , artists brought poseurs , poseurs and artists made it hospitable for investment bank bachelors , all three groups raised rents and forced out the low-income population that lived there in the '70s . All of these complaints are right , of course , just as they would be in many places in New York metro . But they rest on one fundamental truth : People  whether they 're your people or not  find Williamsburg attractive . On a recent visit , after being away for several years , I was reminded of why : It 's a vibrant little village that punches far above its weight culturally and culinarily . It teems with small businesses , and its streets are abustle , thick with beautiful youth in all manner of pomp . New Yorkers might be inured to the charms of an "  emerging " neighborhood , but to a visitor Williamsburg , Brooklyn , can be just as eccentric and strangely charming as that other Williamsburg . I was there to visit old friends , partially reformed rabble-rousers who once raised hell here but are raising a family now instead . They were running behind , so I decided to "  flaneur " the 10-block walk to their house . I began at Seventh and Bedford Avenue , the gritty heart of the neighborhood , where the L train from Manhattan makes its first stop in Brooklyn . On some evenings , Bedford can feel like Bourbon Street for hipsters -- a corridor of beer-breathed smokers moving from one bar to the next -- but it being early evening on a Sunday , the debauch-o-meter was dialed down . My first stop was Spoonbill and Sugartown , a beloved local bookstore that anchors a boutique mini-mall . Browsers clogged the shop , perusing design magazines and scanning book titles . Laptops remained sheathed in shoulder bags as people chicken-winged books and skimmed through literary journals . I bought a manual about how to be invisible that was written by a ninja .  I figured that after I read it I could just slip back into the store and take whatever other book I wanted . New Yorkers might take scads of robust independently owned stores in stride , but for Americans who have been chainstored over the past decade , it 's as much of a sight to behold as an open-air museum about colonial times . * Spoonbill , like many of the shops in the neighborhood , is among the best in the country in what it does . Same can be said for Main Drag Music , an instrument shop up the street . Same with Mikey 's Hookup , the local electronics shop . Or the local bike shops . The "  small businessmen " we hear so much about in election years are thriving in Williamsburg . When I left Spoonbill , I crossed the street to UVA wines to pick up a house gift .  As the childless friend , it is my responsibility to bring the mischief .  Uva is just one of several small , competent liquor shops that litter the neighborhood . I bought a bottle and crossed the street again to buy socks  I miscounted when packing for my trip  at ID New York , a men 's clothing store . But I could have just as easily ventured to Oak or In God We Trust or Beacon 's Closet , all smartly curated clothing shops within a few blocks . Now carrying a ninja book , a bottle of wine and a pair of socks , I crossed the street again to visit Bedford Cheese Shop . At Bedford , you 're welcome to sample cheese to your partially clogged heart 's content , so that 's what I did . When I was done , I handed the clerk the bottle of wine I bought , told her how much I wanted to spend and was given two hunks of dairy wrapped in paper . A text from my friends ; they 're still not ready to receive visitors . So I forged ahead with my wine , my cheese , my socks and my ninja book in tow . I watched steam come off people 's heads as they left the Metropolitan Rec Center , an indoor public pool . In addition to the rec center , Williamsburg has decently maintained baseball fields , tennis and bocce courts and a handsome track , the sort of public amenities that many towns can only dream about . They 're well-maintained remnants of a more optimistic time in America . Again , oddly wonderful for an outsider to see . Once past the Rec Center , a little bar light caught my eye , so ... I crossed the street yet again . I found myself in Maison Premiere , a new bar made to look old . Dim lights , bourgie cocktails , mounds of oysters , and within minutes I was behind a drink and slurping the briny insides of cold shells . Looking around the horseshoe bar , I noticed that everyone else seemed to be taking this well-appointed , affordable bar in stride . I , on the other hand , was delighted with myself for stumbling across it .  I should n't have been ; Brooklyn has a disproportionate amount of handsome drinking establishments : Hotel Delmano and Night of Joy , for two . A burst on my phone reminded me it was time to push off , but before I reached my destination , I made one last stop at a new restaurant  and there is always a new restaurant here  named Isa . Stepping inside , I felt like I had entered Northern California . Wood , beards , a menu that looked like a flier for a psychedelic concert . I filed it away for another night . And then finally I made it to my friends ' apartment , a cozy rent-controlled two bedroom in a brownstone . As I unpacked my wine , my cheese , my socks and my ninja book  none of which cost more than $ 12 , by the by  and recounted how I spent my past hour , it occurred to me that there are n't many neighborhoods in America where I could have taken that walk . In less than a mile , I was able to survey a host of small pleasures . I met courteous shop owners who clearly dig their gigs . And I got an eyeful of stylish and attractive folks enjoying life 's rich pageant . Do I want everywhere like this ? Absolutely not , but I do n't have to worry about that . Hardly anywhere is like this . I think people exhausted with Williamsburg forget that . For those who have n't been , post-colonial Williamsburg is worth a visit , and do n't worry , you wo n't offend the sensibilities of the cognosceti ; they 've already moved on to Bushwick . * There is only one chain store on the Bedford commercial district ; it 's a Duane Reade drugstore that felt compelled to include a microbrew beer bar where locals can refill plastic to-go containers just to earn some street cred . The tactic worked a little bit , but locals still prefer the independently owned King 's Pharmacy across the avenue .	Williamsburg , Brooklyn , gets its fair share of criticism Some people find it too trendy or played out , but it still has a lot to offer Visitors are likely to experience it as eccentric and strangely charming
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Believe the conspiracy theories : Out of sight and without your knowledge , governments truly are filtering what you see on the Internet . Internet users are increasingly having content blocked by governments around the world . The recent conflict between Georgia and Russia has highlighted many of the issues at play with Internet filtering , as its increasing use by governments raises serious doubts about the freedom of the Web . Georgian authorities blocked most access to Russian news broadcasters and Web sites after the outbreak of the conflict , and both sides reported Web sites being blocked , removed or attacked as the situation unfolded . According to one of CNN 's iReporters in Georgia , the situation has been very frightening for citizens . Andro Kiknadze said an online forum he used to organize supporters appeared to have been taken down , and he described a "  cyberwar " in which some Web sites appear to be blocked . "  Please , please help us . We are losing our treasure , our freedom . I am almost crying because I 'm seeing my country is falling , " Kiknadze said . So , what is Internet filtering , and why all the fuss ? Filtering simply means restricting access , blocking or taking down Web sites . Karin Karlekar , senior researcher at freedom promoter Freedom House , said there were several ways in which content could be "  filtered . " She said governments could use purpose-built filtering technology , censor Web sites , filter search results -- with the assistance of multinational corporations , and block applications and circumvention tools -- to stop online applications like Facebook , YouTube or Voice Over IPs that enable social networking . And the use of these tactics appears to be quite widespread . According to a 2007 report by the OpenNet Initiative , which surveyed more than 40 countries , almost two-thirds of the states involved were filtering content to some degree . Ron Deibert , director of the Citizen Lab at the Munk Centre for Internet Studies at the University of Toronto , said in the research , "  states are applying ever more fine grained methods to limit and shape the information environment to which their citizens have access . " "  Some states block access to a wide swathe of content , while others tend to concentrate on one or two narrow baskets . South Korea , for example , tends to block access only to sites related to North Korea , " Deibert said . Although countries such as Iran and China -- home to the "  Great Firewall of China " -- are obvious examples of where filtering is prevalent , other countries are also restricting content for varying reasons . Ian Brown , research fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute , said the Internet in some European countries , including the United Kingdom , was also filtered . However , this was mostly to block child pornography and content that incited or glorified terrorism , he said . Most democracies , and particularly those of the U.S. and India , had unrestricted Internet , though more than 40 countries were known to filter content , he said . And it 's not just governments involved in filtering . Search engine Google has been heavily criticized for working with the Chinese government to block searches for material about Taiwan , Tibet , democracy and other sensitive issues on its Chinese portal . Share your views on filtering and censorship of Web sites . With recent developments in Georgia and Internet restrictions during conflict in Estonia last year , there are concerns that filtering could be further utilized in future "  cyberwarfare . " Brown believed that filtering would be used more commonly in repressive states in the future . Although he did n't have exact figures , Brown understood the Chinese military had more than 100,000 people employed to look at cyber warfare . Jonathan Zittrain , co-founder of Harvard Law School 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , said the tactic was very powerful . "  Filtering can help shape the message a country 's citizens see , including , as may have happened recently when Georgia filtered some Russian Web sites , for the purpose of preventing enemy propaganda from reaching one 's citizens . " Although Karlekar agreed that filtering was a strong aspect to cyber warfare , she said other trends were more concerning . "  Filtering is n't the primary technological way that Internet freedom can be compromised . The kind of ` cyberwarfare ' that we hear about usually is n't filtering as much as ` denial of service ' attacks that disable servers hosting particular Web sites , either of opposition media outlets or of foreign governments . "  Another type of ` cyberwarfare ' that occurs more regularly is hacking into computers and stealing information , as well as planting Trojans or viruses , " Karlekar said . So , if governments are stepping up their Internet filtering and the threat of cyberwarfare is increasing , how can citizens sidestep the restrictions ? Zittrain said tech-savvy citizens are using a variety of tools to circumvent filtering . "  They range from the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's Tor ` software to commercial anonymizers and virtual private networks and ` buddy system ' software like Psiphon , which allows a person in one place to handle requests for Web sites from someone in a place that filters . " In Iran , some citizens were overcoming Internet restrictions by using Freedom House 's Gozaar Web site . Karlekar said the site offered news and debates with a plurality of voices and gave Iranians an opportunity to participate . The domain name was changed weekly to keep ahead of Iranian authorities , she said . Zittrain , a founder of the OpenNet Initiative , which tracks Internet filtering around the world , said the organization is working on a free tool that will let people easily report blockages as they find them . He believed that such tools could help citizens in heavily restricted countries bypass filters placed by their governments .	Governments filtering Internet content by blocking access and removing sites Georgia , Russia conflict highlighted many issues at play with Internet filtering Study : Almost two-thirds of 40 countries in the world are filtering content
Editor 's note : Dr. Anthony S. Fauci , world-renowned HIV/AIDS researcher who has been on the forefront of battling the disease since it was discovered , previews his speech to this week 's International AIDS Conference . Dr. Anthony Fauci is cautiously optimistic that eventually some AIDS/HIV patients will be cured . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- This week , more than 25,000 people from the global HIV/AIDS community are in Mexico City , Mexico , attending the XVII International AIDS Conference . I am pleased to be among them . This is the first International AIDS Conference to be held in Latin America , a region hard-hit by the HIV/AIDS pandemic , but also a place where exceptional scientific and public health advances have been made . The theme of the conference is Universal Action Now , which stresses the need for scientists , policymakers , activists and other concerned citizens everywhere -- in rich countries and poor ones -- to work even harder to defeat a scourge that already has claimed more than 25 million lives . We have made considerable progress against HIV/AIDS , not only on the scientific front , but also with regard to the political will , funding and essential public health efforts on the ground that are delivering medicine , care and prevention services . However , much remains to be done , as 2.7 million people worldwide were infected with HIV in 2007 . Watch more on the International AIDS Conference " In the United States , the rate of new infections continues at an unacceptably high level , especially in the African-American community . In my home city of Washington D.C. , a staggering 5 percent of the population is infected with HIV , a rate that rivals those in sub-Saharan Africa . Eighty percent of my infected neighbors in Washington , D.C. , are African-American . Throughout the United States , we are seeing a resurgence in HIV cases among men who have sex with men of all races , with African-Americans again hardest hit . Despite what you might hear , the AIDS pandemic is still raging . Many hundreds of presentations at the conference are dealing with important research on the basic biology of HIV and its disease-causing mechanisms ; the complex immune responses to the virus ; and advances in tools to diagnose , treat and prevent HIV . My talk on Wednesday , is called "  Looking to the Future : New Directions in HIV/AIDS Research " and will look at all these issues , and the many challenges  and opportunities  in AIDS science . But I hope to leave the audience with at least a tentative answer to an important question I get all the time : Will we ever have a cure or a vaccine for HIV ? Despite our considerable success in managing HIV infection and improving the length and quality of life for people living with HIV , there is no well-documented case of anyone being truly cured of HIV disease . This is because HIV is unlike virtually any other virus in its ability to hide from the immune system in protected cellular sanctuaries that we call "  latent reservoirs . " We know that these reservoirs are established within days of infection , and even our most potent combinations of anti-HIV drugs are unable to purge the virus from these hiding places , even in people who have been on therapy for a decade or more . If you take a patient off his or her anti-HIV therapy , the virus hiding in these reservoirs springs back , and soon billions of viruses are renewing their assault on immune system cells and other organs . Photos chronicle AIDS treatment worldwide Our best hope for eradicating HIV from the reservoirs may be to diagnose and treat people aggressively very early in infection , before the reservoirs have become too large . Our laboratory and other groups are testing this approach with intensive regimens of new drugs that prevent the virus from entering cells or from inserting its genes into a cell 's DNA . Even if the virus is not completely eradicated , such early , intense treatment , perhaps with the help of immune-boosting drugs , might keep the reservoir small -- and the immune system strong -- thereby allowing a person to come off therapy . This would be a "  functional " cure . Other approaches are being pursued as well . A cure is critical to our attempts to ultimately contain the pandemic . Currently , for every person put on therapy , two to three people are newly infected . As antiretroviral therapy is at present a lifelong commitment , it is extremely unlikely that we will have the logistical or financial capacity to reach and treat -- indefinitely -- everyone who requires antiretroviral therapy . As we search for a cure , we should of course continue our efforts to provide proven , lifesaving antiretroviral drugs to every person who needs them , regardless of where they live . Many promising avenues of prevention are being discussed in Mexico City , but none is more essential than an HIV vaccine . HIV vaccine development has been frustrating and challenging for a number of reasons , including the fact that the virus mutates rapidly , hides from the immune system , and targets and destroys the immune system cells that are successful in fighting and clearing most other viruses from the body . With HIV we will have to do better than nature if we are to develop a vaccine ; HIV is unlike the situation with other viral diseases such as measles and influenza , where we have been able to mimic natural infection and induce protective responses with vaccines . My institute and many other organizations around the world are working on this problem , and advances are being made . For example , we have made progress in identifying the structures on the virus to which infection-fighting proteins that can neutralize HIV -- so-called neutralizing antibodies -- bind . Now , our challenge is to turn these structures into vaccines , and conduct the clinical trials that prove they work in people . My complete talk will be available as a webcast at the conference Web site , but let me give you the quick bottom line : I am cautiously optimistic that we will be able to cure some patients under certain circumstances , and I am also cautiously optimistic that we will develop a vaccine that will protect some people against HIV infection , or slow the progression of disease in some patients who do get infected . Meanwhile , we need Universal Action Now to accelerate the exceptional momentum of the past few years -- particularly during the past year -- in delivering proven tools of HIV prevention and therapy to communities around the globe . Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. , is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health .	More than 25,000 people expected at the International AIDS Conference Progress made in science , political will , funding , public health , expert says For every person put on therapy , 2 to 3 people are newly infected , he says Cure critical to attempts to contain the pandemic , he says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Flooding has displaced an additional 1 million people in Pakistan 's Sindh province in the past two days , according to new U.N. estimates released Friday . "  We have more people on the move , to whom we need to provide relief . An already colossal disaster is getting worse and requiring an even more colossal response , " said Maurizio Giuliano , a spokesman for the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Giuliano said rains have forced the evacuation of an estimated 1 million people in southern Sindh in the past 48 hours or so . "  The magnitude of this crisis is reaching levels that are even beyond our initial fears , which were already leaning towards what we thought would be the worst . The number of those affected and those in need of assistance from us are bound to keep rising . The floods seem determined to outrun our response , " he said . The U.N. also said Friday that it is increasingly concerned about flood-driven malnutrition among children . "  The flooding has surrounded millions of children with contaminated water , " said Karen Allen , deputy representative of the United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  in Pakistan . "  Most have nothing else to drink . We fear the deadly synergy of waterborne diseases , including diarrhea , dehydration and malnutrition . " Acute malnutrition was high in much of Pakistan even before the floods . For instance , 27 percent of children under 5 in Baluchistan province were malnourished , as were 17 percent of children in Punjab , according to the U.N. . A hospital in Sindh is overrun with people suffering from waterborne illness ; two children share each bed and more are on the floor . A doctor at the hospital said there are "  not enough resources because of huge population ... coming to this hospital . " Remat Chacher , a farmer in Sindh , escaped the floodwaters with his wife and two children earlier this month . But then his 3-month-old daughter Benazir got sick . "  She started to get fever and could n't keep anything down ... lots of belly pain , " said Ulla , the infant 's mom . A few days later , the same symptoms struck the Chachers ' son , 2-year-old Wazira . Both children died on the way to the hospital , with Wazira weighing just 8 pounds and Benazir weighing 2 pounds . Floodwaters have started to recede across Pakistan , but in the Indus delta , the potential for more flooding remained high , especially given high tides in the Arabian Sea , where the Indus spills out . Already , more than 17 million Pakistanis -- from the Chinese border in the north to the mouth of the Indus in the south -- have been affected by the monsoon floods that began a month ago . To date , Pakistan 's unfolding tragedy has claimed 1,600 lives , according to the National Disaster Management Authority . That number is likely to rise as more drowned bodies are discovered in receding waters . Many refugees have sought shelter at relief camps , where food and drinking water are now available . But every day , there are new camp arrivals -- people who were already poor , who now have nothing . Along the flooded Swat River in northeastern Pakistan , six local aid workers have spent two weeks braving the torrents on rafts they built from used tire tubes , bamboo and gaffers ' tape after motorized boats failed to arrive . The workers are ferrying tents , blankets and other supplies to hundreds of thousands of people stranded across the river and cut off from normal supply routes . Last year , bombs and bullets from the army 's offensive against the Taliban destroyed many homes and lives in the region . Residents had barely begun to recover when the rains came . "  We are fed up , " said Shahravan , a 65-year old man who lost his house in the floods . "  You do n't ask a dead man why he 's in his grave . It 's not his choice . " Fayas Muhammad , another local , said he lost his leg when his house was mistakenly bombed in last year 's fighting . The same blast took his wife and son . "  We are very sad for all that Swat has been through , " he said . The damage from Pakistan 's worst humanitarian catastrophe is sure to hurtle the impoverished nation back in terms of development . This week , America 's top aid official saw firsthand the dire needs in Pakistan . Dr. Rajiv Shah , administrator for the U.S. Agency for International Development , said he was deeply moved by his visit to Sukkur and that aid agencies were "  scaling up their response efforts as quickly as they possibly can . " Shah announced the United States would be diverting another $ 50 million for flood relief from the Kerry-Lugar Act , which allocated $ 7.5 billion in nonmilitary assistance to Pakistan over five years . CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , Reza Sayah , Samson Desta , Sara Sidner , Moni Basu and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. is increasingly worried about flood-driven malnutrition among children U.N. official says a "  colossal disaster is getting worse " About 1 million additional people have been displaced in Sindh province , the U.N. says Authorities have ordered evacuations in the Indus River delta
LOS ANGELES , California -- One of the bigger difficulties any first-time buyer faces is purchasing a car that does n't scream "  first-time " to friends , relatives and co-workers , or indeed to the buyer each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase . A "  shark " that races down roads . To break from the boring econobox , here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $ 20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner . Hyundai Tiburon If you did n't know already , Tiburon means "  shark " in Spanish , and it 's not hard to see how Hyundai 's sporty coupe can stalk the unwary first-time buyer and snare them quickly . Like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin , the Tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that wo n't bust a first-time buyer 's wallet , though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they 're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats . The startling Hyundai-designed looks boast a touch of Italian styling uncommon for its bracket . Mazda MazdaSpeed3 A bona-fide pocket rocket , any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the MazdaSpeed3 , part of the Asian carmaker 's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from European carmakers . This one is n't overbearingly dripped in trim or wings , but do n't let any youngster tell you it does n't have what it takes to make their peers jealous . The MazdaSpeed3 will storm from standing to a mile a minute in under six seconds and is said to hit 155 mph . Its secret is torque negation in the low gears -- and perhaps its 263 horses under the hood . Another hidden gem is its seven-speaker Bose stereo . Pontiac G5 GT Coupe Much like the fantastic Chevy Cobalt SS , its younger sister Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring at a price that appeals to the first-time buyer 's wallet . The G5 GT has been tweaked just slightly from its sister SS -- like the difference between Ashlee and Jessica Simpson -- boasting a less horizontal grille and more sculpted valance . Both are reasonably stylish from the back and side and both leaving plenty room for aftermarket add-ons . A new grille entirely , like a Phantom , may just be what you need to set it off against the crowd . The GT 's inline-four 2.4-liter 173-hp engine -- 25hp over the base -- drives the front wheels to hit 0-60 mph in 7.5 seconds . Gas mileage is good and customer satisfaction ratings are off the hook . Ford Mustang V6 A revamped chassis is the key to why Ford 's Mustang has become an outstanding product at a price that 's hard to beat . A tweak to the iconic lines for last year included a smaller back window and a longer , craggier front end . Some might of course call us heretics for picking a V6 over the famous eight-cylinder included in the GT package but , to be honest , the V6 performs admirably , pushes out 210hp and emits a low-down growl that sounds wonderful . And it 's still a Mustang . Civic Coupe A Civic hatch was my second car  after a very short-lived VW Rabbit  . The coupe tested earlier this year brought back fond memories of the Civic 's surprisingly roomy front cabin , its enjoyable handling and maneuverability , first-class economy and its sporty elongated hood and swooping back end . Standard features include a 350-watt premium sound system , a touch-screen satellite-navigation system whose screen flips to reveal the CD player , and a slot for a computer memory card . It 's also got a funky dash that spectrally lights at night -- what fun . Scion xB On the heels of its 2004 release , Toyota 's hipster Scion brand has remodeled its boxy wonder this year , this time boasting more than a design nod to its parent company 's FJ Cruiser . Wide rear pillars , wraparound headlights and bumper define the second-generation variant , which comes dripping with gadgetry inside , as well as leaving plenty of room for after-market customization . This one turns heads while allowing you to pack five adults in relative comfort . Other notable features include a central console that fits in a DVD player alongside a backlit GPS sat-nav system that lights up in any one of 10 colors . Honda Fit A co-worker bought one of these after crashing her old and very badly beaten up Saturn on a left turn into oncoming traffic . Ouch . So it technically was n't her first car , but for many buyers , it will be . Energetic , filled with flair and boasting a vertical fold the length of its bonnet , the Fit looks the part as well as being colossally roomy inside for what you expect . You do n't get a third row of seats in there but , with the back row folded flat , it almost lends you to believe it can become a camper . Other great touches include an mp3 input jack and reclining rear-seat headrests , while gas mileage is , as expected , very good indeed . E-mail to a friend	Tiburon is low-slung sportster that wo n't bust first-time buyer 's wallet Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring Toyota 's hipster Scion comes dripping with gadgetry inside
CNN  -- Security forces surrounding the Rifaie Mosque in the Damascus suburb of Kafr Sousa fired tear gas early Saturday on thousands of worshipers as they ended their prayers and tried to leave the building , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria  LCC  reported . Many of the worshipers returned inside the mosque , where they chanted slogans calling for the fall of the regime , said the LCC , which organizes and documents anti-government protests . Later , the organization reported that security forces were making random arrests outside the mosque . In the restive city of Daraa , where the arrests in March of 15 teenagers for scrawling anti-government graffiti on walls ignited the country 's expressions of discontent , security forces fired randomly in an attempt to disperse two groups of demonstrators who were chanting , "  God is great ! " Tanks were surrounding more than 2,000 protesters and two armored vehicles were outside Daraa 's Omari Mosque , preventing worshipers from leaving the mosque to protest . In all , eight people were killed Friday in Syria , the LCC said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported that 11 army and security forces were killed by "  terrorist groups " in Homs and Deir Ezzor . Another 16 soldiers were wounded , SANA said . CNN was not able to independently confirm the reports . On Friday , at least one person was wounded when security forces opened fire on a group of demonstrators in the Bab Sbaa neighborhood of Homs , according to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an opposition group . The demonstrators , who were calling for President Bashar al-Assad 's ouster , had gathered for a funeral of a man killed Thursday by sniper fire , the group said . In a separate incident that occurred outside Damascus , security forces fired on a car , wounding at least one man , the group said . And in Deir Ezzor , at least one demonstrator was wounded when Syrian security forces opened fire there , the group said . Demonstrators had dubbed Friday a day of "  patience and determination . " YouTube videos showed demonstrations in a number of cities . "  The people demand the execution of the president ! " was one chant from demonstrators in Homs . CNN is not able to confirm the authenticity of the videos . The violence occurred on one of the most holy days of Ramadan and on the same day that a U.N. team , having completed a five-day humanitarian mission to Syria , concluded that there is "  an urgent need to protect civilians from the excessive use of force . " The August 20-25 mission , which was intended to assess the humanitarian needs of the Syrian people , also concluded that there is no country-wide humanitarian crisis , the world body said in a statement . It added that "  the constant presence of government officials " limited the visitors ' ability to assess the situation . "  However , the people it was able to talk to in areas of previous or ongoing unrest said they felt extremely intimidated and under constant threat . " Though the Syrian government allowed participants to visit any location they requested , "  it is doubtful that Syria has fully complied with its assurances of providing free and unimpeded access , " the statement concluded . Though government officials had vowed open access to the U.N. mission , they have restricted access to the country by international journalists . Also Friday , Russia proposed a draft resolution that neither condemns Syria nor calls for the imposition of sanctions , as pressed for by the West . Instead , the Russian draft calls upon Damascus to speed the pace of reform "  in order to effectively address the legitimate aspirations and concerns of Syria 's people . " In addition , it urges the Syrian opposition "  to engage in political dialogue with the Syrian authorities with a view to holding a substantial and in-depth discussion on the ways of reforming Syrian society . " That was not enough for Mark Kornblau , spokesman for the U.S. Mission to the United Nations . "  The regime 's violence has continued unabated , the international condemnation has grown louder , and the Security Council 's response should reflect those realities , " he said , noting that a draft resolution proposed this week by the United States and its European allies on the Security Council contains both elements . No timetable has been set for a vote on either resolution . Also Friday , Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov and the new Syrian ambassador to Russia , Riyad Haddad , discussed the situation in Syria , according to the state-run Itar-Tass news agency . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said Tuesday that "  we do n't think " the time was right for sanctions against Syria , and Brazil , China , India and South Africa also expressed reservations . Security Council resolutions need at least nine votes to pass on the 15-member council with no vetoes . Al-Assad 's regime is accused of attacking peaceful demonstrators in an effort to crush a pro-democracy movement that emerged in the aftermath of similar protests throughout North Africa and the Middle East in the "  Arab spring . " This week , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said that more than 2,200 people have been killed in Syria since mid-March , with more than 350 people reportedly killed since the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on August 1 . On Thursday , the U.S. State Department accused the Syrian government of carrying out a "  targeted , brutal attack " on a popular Syrian political cartoonist , Ali Farzat . Shortly after a cartoon by Farzat depicting al-Assad hitching a ride with outgoing Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi began circulating in Syria , Farzat was reportedly kidnapped by masked men , beaten and thrown unconscious from a van onto a road in Damascus . "  The regime 's thugs focused their attention on his hands , beating them furiously and breaking one of them -- a clear message that he should stop drawing , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement . Passers-by reportedly found the beaten 60-year-old cartoonist and took him to a hospital . A photograph circulating Thursday on the Internet showed Farzat with a bandage over his right eye , his face badly bruised and heavy bandages wrapped around both hands .	NEW : Eight people are killed , an activist group says The U.N. team 's mission was to assess the humanitarian needs of the Syrian people It concludes there is no nation-wide humanitarian crisis But it says people in areas of unrest "  felt extremely intimidated "
EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- El Paso native Maria Ruiz knows firsthand how different life can be a mere 30-minute drive south of her Texas home . The sight of families living in homes made of wooden pallets pushed Maria Ruiz into action . "  Just by crossing the border , you 're in a Third World country , " Ruiz said . For 12 years , she 's traveled several times a week to the outskirts of Juarez , Mexico , bringing aid to hundreds of impoverished children and their families . Ruiz 's family has roots in Juarez , but it was n't until 1996 that she ventured outside the city . There , for the first time , she saw poverty in the extreme . People lived in homes made of wooden pallets . The elementary school was built of makeshift materials and had no running water or electricity . Teachers told her that many children were failing because they were hungry . "  My heart went out to those kids , " Ruiz recalled . "  I could n't just cross my arms and turn away from it . I needed to do something . " Ruiz got donations from El Paso businesses , and within one week , she was running a food program out of her home . She cooked meals in her kitchen and drove the food south to the Juarez school . She fed approximately 1,200 children every day for three and a half years , until the businesses she depended on for donations shut down in 1999 . But that did n't stop Ruiz from helping the children in Juarez . Now , working with her husband and two children , she gathers donations from around El Paso -- food , clothing , toys , even furniture -- and distributes them at local "  giveaways " a couple of times a month . This is no easy task . The Mexican government charges customs fees when large amounts of goods are brought across the border . To avoid this , Ruiz makes several trips every week . "  You bring the stuff little by little , like the ants , " she said . Although the trip south can be just 30 minutes , long lines coming back into the U.S. mean the return trip can take a couple of hours . On top of that , Juarez is at the center of a drug war , so Ruiz needs to take precautions to ensure her safety . But for her , helping kids in need is worth the effort . Watch Ruiz describe why she takes risks to help kids " "  When you make a child smile , " she said , "  it 's awesome . " Although conditions have improved , most families that Ruiz helps still live in poverty , so the Ruiz family has plans to do even more . They 're building a community kitchen with space to feed 500 , an orphanage for 100 residents and a trade school . They work on the complex every weekend , and although there 's more to do , they 're hoping to be open this summer . The very thought of seeing the orphanage up and running makes Ruiz smile . Watch Ruiz describe how she 's helping turn a hill into a haven " "  It 'll be a dream come true when it happens , " she said . "  I pray that it is soon . " Strong religious beliefs help keep Ruiz motivated , and her family 's efforts are part of their ministry , called JEM  Jesus es Mana  Ministries . Their Juarez complex even includes a small sanctuary where her husband preaches every Sunday . But Ruiz stresses that they 're happy to help anyone , regardless of their beliefs . "  We are open to the community as a whole , " she said . "  It 's equal for everybody . " Watch Ruiz talk about bringing aid across the border " Ruiz says the children have kept her coming back to Juarez . When she reflects on her work , she does n't consider herself a hero . "  I know I can do much more . "	El Paso native Maria Ruiz brings aid to hundreds of impoverished Mexicans She crosses the border several times a week to the outskirts of Juarez Her family 's ministry is building community kitchen , orphanage and trade school
CNN  -- Commercial development of the Arctic 's natural resources has so far been near to impossible , but transportation throughout the inhospitable region may soon be revolutionized . U.S.-based airship company Aeros and Icelandic airline Icelandair Cargo , say they have signed an agreement with hopes of establishing a partnership to develop new air freight service across the Arctic region . Together they are hoping to deliver standard cargo containers via Iceland to regions with little infrastructure , such as Siberia , Alaska , Greenland and northern Canada . "  It 's a project representing the future of solving the problems of today , " Aeros ' CEO Igor Pasternak told CNN . "  The distribution in the Arctic Circle as it is right now is inefficient and not logical . " Managing Director with Icelandair Cargo , Gunnar Sigurfinnsson , said in a press release that he believes Aeros will help transform Arctic transportation forever . "  We are pleased to begin a partnership with Aeroscraft and jointly explore the expanding market opportunities in Greenland , Iceland , and surrounding Northern territories , " Sigurfinnsson stated . The future of airships Aeros is developing a new cargo airship , the Aeroscraft -- a hybrid dirigible combining elements of regular "  lighter-than-air "  LTA  craft and traditional fixed-wing planes . As opposed to existing airship designs , this vehicle can control its own buoyancy and is therefore capable of true vertical take-off and landing without requiring external ballast exchange . This eliminates the need for a runway , airfields and ground crew , which helps sidestep infrastructure development costs . The company , based in California , had test flights with the Aersocraft in September and are now building full-sized prototypes . The aim is to have the first vehicle flying by 2016 , and the initial fleet of 24 vehicles up and running by 2020 . The rigid-hulled dirigible measures 169 meters in length , and has a payload of 66 tonnes  with plans for a 250 tonne version  , a cruising speed of up to 120 knots , and a range of 3,100 nautical miles . One of the Aeroscraft 's biggest advantages is that it offers significant fuel savings since it runs on regular diesel , rather than expensive aviation fuel which can be tough to get hold of in more inaccessible regions . The primary focus will be logistical , moving cargo , troops and disaster relief supplies into remote and inhospitable terrain . But the company says that there may also be other uses for the technology in the future , like "  floating hotels " to "  sky yachts for millionaires . " Global game-changers Pasternak says he hopes the relationship with Icelandair Cargo will benefit both partners . "  They are a very innovative airline . Someday they will be our partner ; they know the area , and we will be able to do some unique deliveries , " the Kazakhstan-born engineer says . "  It can be everything from delivering the oil rigs to Greenland to bringing milk from England to a Canadian Arctic post . " Not only could Icelandair Cargo and Aeroscraft be global game-changers of how air freight services are operated -- the partnership could potentially transform Iceland into an important business and aviation hub . "  You can imagine that if Iceland becomes the base for the Arctic distribution system , you are creating a new industry in Iceland , which means new jobs and business opportunities , " said Pasternak . "  It would be a high-tech industry . The Aeroscraft has a green footprint and could provide a normal lifestyle to those living in remote areas . We could be creating a whole new understanding of what the Arctic is . "	Aeros and Icelandair Cargo are to team up to develop new air freight service across the Arctic Aeros ' new cargo airship , the Aeroscraft , requires no runway and can access remote terrains The two companies want to deliver standard cargo containers via Iceland to regions with little infrastructure
NEW DELHI  CNN  -- India 's Tata Motors Monday announced it would begin delivery of the Nano , billed as the world 's "  cheapest car " , in July . Tata Motors expects to begin delivery of the Nano , billed as the world 's cheapest car , in July . The four-door Nano is currently being built in "  limited numbers " at a company plant in the north Indian hill state of Uttrakhand . Tata Motors , however , aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010 at another unit elsewhere in the country , a company statement said . "  It is to the credit of the team at Tata Motors that a car once thought impossible by the world is now a reality . I hope it will provide safe , affordable , four-wheel transportation to families who till now have not been able to own a car . We are delighted in presenting the Tata Nano to India and the world , " company chief Ratan Tata told a news conference in Mumbai to announce the "  commercial launch " of the $ 2,000 car . Watch more on the Nano " Tata Motors said the Nano would initially be available through bookings or reservations filed on a request form priced around $ 6 , or Rs 300 . Tata will accept the bookings from April 9 to April 25 . Within 60 days of the closure of bookings , Tata Motors will process and announce the allotment of 100,000 cars in the first phase of deliveries , through a computerized random selection procedure , it added . "  Deliveries will commence from July 2009 , " said the company statement .	Tata Motors to begin delivery of the Nano in July Tata aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010 Car is billed as the world 's cheapest , costing $ 2,000
Mental Floss  -- When President Obama commented that the Republicans were standing around drinking Slurpees while the Democrats were busy creating real change in Washington , it caused quite a storm . Now that he 's sitting down with the new Republican leadership this week , the so-called "  Slurpee Summit " is the talk of the nation . While most of us have had one of 7-Eleven 's frozen concoctions , there 's plenty more you probably do n't know about this too cool drink . A Happy Accident Like so many great inventions , the Slurpee was created by accident . In the late-1950s , Omar Knedlik of Kansas City owned an old Dairy Queen whose machinery was always breaking down . When his soda fountain went out , he improvised by putting some bottles in the freezer to stay cool . However , when he popped the top , they were a little frozen and slushy . Folks loved them and started requesting "  those pops that were in a little bit longer . " Realizing he had a surprise hit on his hands , Knedlik built a machine in the back room using the air conditioning unit from a car that would create slushy soda by combining and freezing a flavor mix , water , and carbon dioxide to make it fizz . He held a "  Name the Product " contest and the winning entry was "  ICEE . " With help from an engineering and manufacturing company in Dallas , the ICEE machine was redesigned and sold to a few convenience stores throughout the early 1960s . But things really took off when , in 1965 , 7-Eleven licensed the machine , but called the drink by a different name to make it unique for their stores . The name Slurpee was coined by Bob Stanford , a 7-Eleven ad agency director , when he described the sound made while sipping it through a straw . Mental Floss : 10 secret menu items at fast food restaurants Kids Love 'Em Thanks to inventive advertising aimed at the growing youth market , Slurpees were an instant hit with the Woodstock generation . The cups featured colorful , almost psychedelic designs , and the flavors -- "  Fulla Bulla , " "  For Adults Only , " and "  Kiss Me , You Fool " -- were edgy for the time . 7-Eleven ads were so popular that radio DJs were getting call-in requests for Slurpee commercials . One 1970 campaign featured a full-length song , "  Dance the Slurp , " written by one of the founding fathers of radio jingles , Tom Merriman . It was released on free , promotional 45 rpm records available in 7-Eleven stores . The catchy little tune was a huge hit at the time and its influence even extended into the late-1990s , when turntablists Cut Chemist and DJ Shadow used the song as the inspiration for their 1999 album , Brainfreeze . Because so few copies of the giveaway album still exist , copies of "  Dance the Slurp " regularly go for as much as $ 50 on eBay . In the 1970s , 7-Eleven started selling special cups with images of sports stars , comic book characters , early video games , and even rock bands . The cups kept kids coming back to complete the entire collection . Later , limited edition Slurpee flavors started accompanying the cups to create a complete marketing package . This is a tradition has continued today through promotional tie-ins with video games , professional wrestling , and extreme sports . In recent years , Slurpees have come in annual summer movie cups and flavors . Dating back to 2002 , when the tie-in for "  Men In Black II " was a blackberry drink , the promo cups and flavors have grown more and more elaborate  and popular  . The biggest hit so far has been the "  Iron Man " franchise , with special collector 's cups that feature 3-D character designs and a special helmet dome lid . They 've been sold on eBay for three times what they originally sold for in the store . However , for "  The Simpson 's " Movie in 2007 , they went beyond just redesigned cups and wacky flavors . Select 7-Elevens were converted to look inside and out like Kwik-E-Marts , the 7-Eleven parody on the show , complete with "  Squishees , " the cartoon world 's version of the Slurpee . The tie-in flavor that summer was Woo-Hoo Vanilla Blue , probably one of Homer 's favorites . Mental Floss : Sex ! Drugs ! Racism ! 8 controversial candies The Slurpee Factory You 'd think the last thing Canadians would want is a frozen drink . But since 1999 , Winnipeg has been crowned the Slurpee Capital of the World with more than 188,833 Slurpees sold there every month . With a population of just over 675,000 people , that means over a quarter of the population enjoys a Slurpee on a regular basis . The rest of Canada pales in comparison , selling only 179,900 Slurpees every month . Detroit sells the most cups of any U.S. metro area , but the largest single Slurpee-selling store in the U.S. is the one in Kennewick , Washington , which locals have dubbed "  The Slurpee Factory . " Overall , North Americans sip almost 13 million Slurpee drinks every month . And since 1966 , close to 6.5 billion Slurpee drinks have been sold , enough to almost fulfill your dreams of buying the world a  frozen  Coke . Happy Birthday to Us Every year since 2002 , on July 11  that 's 7/11 , of course  , the company celebrates its birthday with "  7-Eleven Day . " Only in this case , the customers get the present -- free 7.11-ounce Slurpees for the first 1,000 people through the door of participating stores . It 's estimated that the company gives away over 5,000,000 Slurpees to happy customers on this one day . But Is it Kosher ? In case you were wondering , almost all Slurpee flavors are considered kosher pareve  food that is neither meat nor dairy  . There are a few , such as Diet Pepsi and the Jolly Rancher mixes , that are considered kosher dairy  due to the chemical tagatose in the artificial sweetener  , while others , like the popular Pia Colada drink , are not certified at all . Some 7-Eleven stores get the machines themselves certified kosher , which the store owners use as a selling point for their Jewish customers . Mixology As any regular Slurpee fan knows , one of the best parts about the self-serve drink is being able to mix flavors from different dispensers . According to Slurpee market research , 41 percent of slurpers never mix their flavors , 37 percent always do , and 21 percent will mix every once in a while . The most popular combinations use the Coke flavor as a base , with a fruity mix on top -- often Wild Cherry or Pia Colada . But of course for the really daring , there 's always the "  Suicide Slurpee " -- mixing a little bit of every flavor from the row of dispensers . No Wonka Required Some of the wilder Slurpee flavors on tap have been Grapermelon , Darth Dew  a tie-in with Star Wars  , Bubble Yum , Banana Cream Pie , Mango Bango , Red Licorice , Purple S-Cream , Slurpurita Pomegranate , and Shrekalicious  a tie-in with Shrek  . Most of these and other wild and wacky flavors sound like they could come from a factory run by a guy named Wonka . But in fact , most are the invention of the mad scientists at the Dr Pepper Snapple Labs in Plano , Texas .  Yes , they make Snapple and Dr Pepper flavors , too  . Mental Floss : Unusual flavors of 10 familiar treats To create a new Slurpee flavor requires a savvy combination of science , senses , and marketing . One of their biggest challenges is keeping up on flavor trends , such as knowing that exotic fruits like acai , yumberry , litchi , and dragon fruit are becoming popular with consumers ; whereas previously hot flavors , like mango and pomegranate , are now commonplace . Of course just because it 's popular does n't necessarily mean it will taste good . They go through numerous rounds of product testing until they get the flavor just right . But once they 've locked down the taste , they have to consider the name , the color , and the consistency of the mix when it 's cooled to the standard 28  Fahrenheit . The process can take weeks or even months to go from concept to your corner store . Purple for the People For the upcoming Slurpee Summit , 7-Eleven has offered to provide symbolic Slurpees -- red for Republican , blue for Democrat , and a new flavor , "  Purple for the People , " which combines the two colors . So far , their offer has not been accepted , but some in the White House say the drinks could still make an appearance . Regardless , the pending sit-down has been reason enough for 7-Eleven to launch a massive promotional campaign in the form of the Slurpee Unity Tour , a cross-country trek from 7-Eleven 's Dallas headquarters to the nation 's capital , giving away free samples of their new purple drink to Slurpee fans along the way . This is n't the first time 7-Eleven has gone political . Since the 2000 Presidential election , the company has run a promotion called "  7-Election , " where customers vote by purchasing special red or blue coffee cups printed with each candidate 's name . The cups are scanned at check-out and automatically entered in this unscientific , but surprisingly accurate poll -- in 2000 and 2004 , the number of coffee cup votes and the number of actual popular votes for both candidates was only off by 1 or 2 percentage points . While 2008 's 7-Elections results were still correct , they gave the election to Obama by a landslide -- 60 percent to 40 percent -- when the margin was really only about 7 percent . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The Slurpee , orginally called an ICEE , was created by accident in the 1950s 7-Eleven licensed a Slurpee machine in 1965 and renamed it at that time For "  The Simpson 's " Movie in 2007 , 7-Elevens were converted to look like Kwik-E-Marts 41 percent of slurpers never mix their flavors and 37 percent always do
CIANJUR , Indonesia  CNN  -- More than a day after a major earthquake jolted Indonesia 's Java Island , killing at least 57 people , there is still no word from remote villages along the coast , a relief worker told CNN Thursday . Soldiers try to dig out the body of a victim buried by a landslide caused by the earthquake . "  This earthquake has injured hundreds of people and  destroyed or damaged  thousands of houses , " World Vision 's Katarina Hardono said . "  We worry that the number can be easily more because in many places , actually the coastal areas , we still  have n't gotten  any news . " Rescuers are still searching for dozens of people feared trapped in a quake-triggered landslide in Cianjur in West Java . They pulled several bodies from the rubble Thursday bringing the death toll from the quake to 57 . "  The death count has been thankfully low , but we have to remember that tens of thousands of homes have been damaged or destroyed and children and adults are urgently in need of relief items , " said Hardono , who spoke to CNN from the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . Rainfall Thursday hampered the rescue efforts in Cianjur , where the landslide buried at least 11 homes where 32 people live , local officials said . Watch description of the evacuation after the quake hit " Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono visited Cianjur , and vowed to free up nearly $ 500,000  5 billion rupiahs  for emergency response efforts , according to the state-run Antara news agency . He said there was no need for foreign assistance just yet . "  Until now the Indonesian government is still able to handle it by itself using existing national resources , " he said , according to Antara . Rescuers in Cianjur used their hands and rudimentary tools to try to pry away the rocks , some that were bigger than cars . No heavy machinery could be brought in to help in the rescue effort because many roads in the area were blocked . The 7.0-magnitude temblor jolted the island on Wednesday shortly before 3 p.m. local time  4 a.m. ET  . More than 400 people were injured . Watch how buildings swayed during quake " The temblor rocked high-rise buildings in Jakarta , prompting a mass evacuation in the capital 's central business district . iReport.com : Swimming pool shakes during quake "  I was on the 13th floor of our office building , and you know we could feel the building  shake  from left to right , " said CNN 's Andy Saputra . "  We all ran to the fire escape and escaped from there . " Indonesia is no stranger to major earthquakes . It is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . In 2004 , an earthquake measuring at least 9.0 in magnitude struck off the coast of the northern tip of Indonesia 's Sumatra island , triggering a major tsunami in the Indian Ocean that killed more than 200,000 people in 11 countries . About three weeks ago , a series of earthquakes -- ranging in magnitude from 4.7 to 6.7 -- struck off the western coast of Sumatra . At least seven people were injured and one building collapsed . CNN Radio 's Chris Chandler contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 57 killed , another 400 injured , says disaster agency Tsunami watch quickly expires , Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says Older buildings damaged in Tasikmalaya in Indonesian island of Java , witness says Series of quakes hit Indonesia 's Sumatra Island three weeks ago
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Televisions are getting wider and thinner , their edges shrinking to make room for displays that pack in more and more pixels . But the real evolution of the TV set is n't taking place with the glossy hardware . It 's happening inside . Major TV manufacturers , including Sharp , Sony , Samsung , LG and Panasonic , announced their latest television sets this week at the Consumer Electronics Show here . They all had variations on the same splashy hardware features that were previewed last year -- Ultra HD and OLED screens , more inches  60 , 85 , 110  -- but now they 're closer to being available on consumer products . However , it 's the smaller , tablet-inspired features that could end up being more enticing to average consumers . These include improved software interfaces , Internet connectivity and social integration , tablet and smartphone pairing , apps and more options for content sources other than cable . The new Ultra HD 4K screens have four times the number of pixels as standard High Definition TVs . On its own , Ultra HD is n't a compelling reason to upgrade unless you are a video buff , especially since you would have to sit extra close to the set or have an enormous TV to notice the difference between 4K and a lower-resolution screen . Price tags are still sky high for these top-of-the-line TVs . LG said its 55-inch OLED HD TV -- OLED stands for organic light-emitting diode , a technology that provides a crisper picture than most other displays -- will cost $ 12,000 when it arrives in the U.S. in March . There 's also a very limited amount of content in the new pixel-heavy Ultra HD format , though more will likely be churned out in the coming years . More in demand now are features for the growing number of users who want to watch TV on all their screens , big and small , and pull from a large selection of content options , not just the cable feed and their DVR . 5 fun and off gadgets from CES These are some of the popular new software features from this year 's crop of televisions at CES . Many of these new options are already available with less expensive set-top boxes and game consoles that can be paired with your existing TV : Smartphone-like interfaces We spend so much time swiping around intuitive smartphone interfaces that navigating through TV menus feels like a harsh trip back in time . Manufacturers are making big efforts to update their user interfaces to be more intuitive . Some models are even running the Android-based Google TV platform , which aims to simplify channel browsing . Samsung showed a revamped , busy interface called the Smart Hub that will appear on its next generation of smart TVs . It is divided into five sections for live TV and recommendations , streaming content , media stored on the computer , social features and apps . One new feature retailers will love is T-Commerce , which will serve up shopping information for the products and outfits you see in your regular TV shows . The new Panasonic DT60 set has a customizable home screen and voice commands . Streaming content and recommendations In 2013 , having hundreds of mediocre channels to choose from is n't enough . And DVRs are limited in their own right . These days people want the option to stream content and order video on demand from Amazon , Netflix , Apple and other sources . Smart TVs are adding support for these Web-based services . For example , Samsung is adding a way to search multiple content sources at once , similar to Matcha.com and CanIStream.it . There 's also been a lot of buzz at CES about TVs that offer tailored recommendations . Some feature built-in "  assistants " that track your viewing habits and then tell you what other shows you might also like to watch , much like Netflix does with its delightfully odd categories . Death of the boring remote The Channel Up and Down buttons are n't much use when you 're bopping between Facebook , HBO , Amazon and photos of your last vacation . TV makers are adding new ways to navigate between these , including gestures and voice control . It 's a little bit Wii , a little bit Siri . TV makers also are making apps that can turn tablets and smartphones into remote controls for your set . LG 's latest Magic Remote , announced on Monday , acts like a mouse , letting you navigate a pointer around the TV screen by moving the remote . It supports voice-recognition commands and lets you switch channels by waving the remote around to spell out numbers . Samsung 's televisions also add more gesture controls so you can zoom in and out on photographs or swipe through the many panes of its new interface . More screens One giant screen is n't enough for many modern viewers . Smartphones and tablets have become popular as second-screen devices for people who multitask while flipping channels . Just open Twitter during any major televised sporting event to see how people are using a second screen to share commentary about the action . Viewers want the option to start an episode of "  The Vampire Diaries " on the big TV in the living room and finish it in bed on a tablet . Services such as Netflix and Amazon are already multiscreen , offering streaming video on mobile devices , computers and even your TV through devices such as Xbox and Apple TV . Now smart TVs are adding support for these streaming services plus features that lets your tablet show you a mirror of what 's on your TV -- sometimes alongside your social networks . Sony 's latest KDL-R550A sets and Panasonic 's DT60 have integrated near-field communications  NFC  that allow you to tap your NFC-enabled smartphone or tablet  no Apple products have NFC  to mirror what 's on the set or bring up related social content . An upgrading alternative Smart TVs are expensive , so Samsung has come up with an interesting product to let you upgrade your existing TV without buying a new model .  Cleverly , it doubles as a way to make money from TV buyers between new models .  The Evolution Kit is a black box on the back of a Samsung smart TV that you can replace to upgrade the TV 's software and some specifications . The company did n't announce a price for the upgrade module , which was first announced at last year 's CES , but says it will be available early this year . The box can update your software to add the newest features and improve your processors for a speedier TV experience . But it ca n't upgrade the resolution of your screen .	Major TV companies are unveiling their big , ultra high-definition TVs at CES In addition to 4K and OLED , new TVs are adding social and second-screen features New features are aimed at people who watch TV on multiple screens They are targeting people who stream content online
CNN  -- Andy Murray will play Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals of the Miami Masters after both men sailed through their last 16 matches . Murray , who won his second Miami title 12 months ago , beat France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga while Djokovic beat Tommy Robredo of Spain . The Scot , who recently parted company with coach Ivan Lendl , put in a commanding performance against the 11th seed winning 6-4 6-1 in 74 minutes . Earlier , Djokovic progressed with a straight sets 6-3 7-5 win . The Serb , who is seeking a fourth Miami title , needed just over 80 minutes to see off 16th seed Robredo hitting 19 winners and five aces . The No. 2 seed was ruthless when required , taking both his break point opportunities -- one in each set -- to seal the win and remain on course for back-to-back ATP Tour 1000 events after winning at Indian Wells earlier this month . "  It was a  very solid win , " said Djokovic . "  I made him play an extra shot in important moments and that 's why I 'm satisfied with the overall match today . " Murray beat Djokovic in their previous meeting at last year 's Wimbledon final , but has since slumped to sixth in the rankings . He has a home in Miami , where he is based for much of his training . "  If you 're feeling a bit down , which I was a little bit when I got here , I also remember the amount of hours I put in on that tennis court out there and also in the gym , " he said . "  This is where I have built most of my professional career from , so it makes a big difference coming back here . Mentally , I always feel pretty good here . " Roger Federer is also safely through to the last eight after dispatching Richard Gasquet in straight sets 6-1 6-2 . But his compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka crashed out on Tuesday -- the latest victim of Ukraine 's Alexandr Dolgopolov , who won in three sets 6-4 3-6 6-1 . Federer will play Kei Nishikori in the quarters after the Japanese 20th seed overcame Spain 's David Ferrer in an epic three-setter 7-6  9/7  6-2 7-6  11/9  . Nishikori raced into a 4-1 lead in the first before Ferrer clawed his way back into the set only to lose it on the tiebreak . But the Spanish fourth seed dominated the second before Nishikori won a grueling deciding set . Both players had match points in the tiebreak but it was Nishikori who eventually prevailed in three hours , seven minutes to send last year 's losing finalist crashing out . World No. 1 Rafael Nadal , seeking his first Miami title after three losing finals , romped into the last eight with a 6-2 6-2 win over Italian 14th seed Fabio Fognini . The Spaniard will next face big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic , who booked his place by after beating Benjamin Becker of Germany 6-3 6-4 . In the women 's draw , Maria Sharapova is through to the semifinal after trouncing fellow former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova 7-5 6-1 . Sharapova , a losing finalist in Miami five times , will next face world No. 1 Serena Williams -- the American trounced ninth-ranked German Angelique Kerber 6-2 6-2 . "  I felt much better today than in a few of my other matches here , " said defending champion Williams , who has won a record six Miami titles . "  Knowing I was going to play a top-10 player , I knew I had to come out and play really well tonight . And I did play well . " Williams has won 14 successive matches against former No. 1 Sharapova , including the semifinals in Brisbane in January . "  I love playing her , I really do -- does n't matter what surface or anything , " the 32-year-old said . "  She 's one of my favorite people to play . It just gets you really pumped . " Sharapova was also looking forward to the clash . "  It 's no secret that she 's been a big challenge of mine , an opponent that obviously I would love to beat , " the Russian said . "  There are certainly ways I need to step up in certain situations I have n't been able to do in the past against her , but it 's great I have the opportunity to play her again . " Read more : Del Potro out for rest of 2014 ? Read more : Venus Williams has ` nothing to lose '	Novak Djokovic to play Andy Murray in the quarterfinals at Miami Masters Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal also through to the last eight Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka crashes out Women 's No. 1 Serena Williams sets up semifinal clash with Maria Sharapova
CNN  -- Who say 's crime does n't pay ? Boston 's most infamous criminal , convicted mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger , generated well over $ 25 million in racketeering proceeds throughout his criminal career , according to paperwork filed in federal court . Bulger 's criminal escapades spanned more than two decades while he doubled as an informant for the FBI in Boston . The notorious mobster began building capital off his criminal empire around 1972 and continued until around 2000 , 5 years after he went on the lam after being tipped off by his rogue FBI informant to a pending indictment . A federal jury convicted Bulger in August on 31 counts of racketeering , extortion , and money laundering and ultimately ruled that Bulger participated in the murder of 11 people . He will be sentenced on November 13 . The evidence presented at trial established that "  the proceeds from the Defendant 's racketeering conspiracy totaled millions upon millions upon millions of dollars , " according to the federal prosecutors ' "  motion of forfeiture " released on Friday . The motion breaks down Bulger 's spoils that were spelled out in testimony from gangsters , former associates , drug dealers , convicted felons , and extortion victims during more than 41 days of trial this summer . David William Lindholm , a marijuana smuggler , testified he barely survived high-stakes a Russian-roulette-style drama when Bulger ordered one of his associates to fire a bullet past his head . Bulger then ordered his associate to load the chamber with one bullet . "  A bullet was put in the chamber it was spun and pointed at my head , " said Lindholm . He lived to testify that Bulger extorted $ 250,000 from him . Business entrepreneur Michael Solimando testified that Bulger put a gun to his gut , and threatened to kill his family . Solimondo , 64 , described how at one meeting Bulger took a machine gun and "  shoved it underneath the table , pointed at my stomach and my groin , " and how he was forced to pay Bulger $ 400,000 . The ways of ` Whitey ' Another witness , real estate developer Richard Buccheri , used two fingers to mimic the a gun barrel as he described how Bulger "  takes a shotgun off the table and sticks it in my mouth . Then he took it out , punched me in the shoulder and said , ` Richard you 're a stand-up guy . I 'm not going to kill you . ' " But then , Buccheri said , Bulger "  puts a 45 to my head " and demands $ 200,000 in 30 days , "  threatening to kill me and my family . " Convicted drug dealers testified that Bulger collected "  rent " from criminal operatives , a crime tax that had to be paid to do drug business in South Boston during the Bulger era . In 2011 , Bulger was found hiding out in Santa Monica , California , with his girlfriend -- and with nearly $ 822,000 in cash , 30 guns , some loaded , and an assortment of knives and a Taser . Before his conviction came down , Bulger waived his right to a forfeiture hearing . The government has moved to seize Bulger 's personal assets that they say stemmed from a life of gambling and drug dealing , including jewelry , electronics , art , furniture , clothing and other items found in the Santa Monica apartment . For now , Bulger is allowed to keep a National Hockey League Stanley Cup ring that he claims was given to him as a gift , according to paperwork .	During decades as a mob boss , ` Whitey ' Bulger generated well over $ 25 million , feds say Bulger was convicted in August of racketeering , extortion and money laundering The jury ruled that he had participated in 11 murders The government moves to seize Bulger 's personal assets
CNN  -- A body found in a Jerusalem-area forest is that of missing American Aaron Sofer , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said Thursday . Forensics investigators were working to determine the cause of death , Rosenfeld said . Sofer , 23 , was reported missing Friday by a friend who was hiking with him . The young man was a Yeshiva student , studying in Israel . Meir Lichtenstein , a Lakewood , New Jersey , committeeman who is a friend of Sofer 's family , told reporters that though the investigation was continuing , the family believes that death was accidental and no foul play was suspected . "  There is some closure to the fact that this may very well have been an accidental death as opposed to their son being abducted , " he said . Lichtenstein said Sofer was "  not the most experienced hiker " and may have suffered an "  accident related to his walking in a rough terrain . " "  I say that with caution because the investigation is still ongoing , " he said . Family joined search On Monday , Sofer 's father , Moshe Zvi Sofer , joined police and hundreds of volunteers searching the forest outside Jerusalem where his son disappeared . Moshe Zvi Sofer traveled to Israel with his wife from their home in Lakewood and the couple offered a 100,000 shekel  about $ 28,000  reward for whoever found their son , Sofer 's father said in a video posted online . Sofer 's friend lost contact with him as they walked together . The friend reported the disappearance to authorities , Rosenfeld said earlier this week . "  It is not clear if the disappearance was personal  or a  kidnapping , " Rosenfeld said . "  It 's not clear at all . " Lichtenstein said Sofer 's family "  very strongly supports Aaron 's friend and believes that he had absolutely nothing to do with this and that it was an accident . " Sofer will be buried in Israel , Lichtenstein said , and shiva will be observed in New Jersey . Sofer 's disappearance came two months after what Israeli authorities have called the revenge killing of Palestinian teen Mohammed Abu Khedair , 16 . His body was found in the Jerusalem Forest on July 2 , just miles from where Sofer went missing . Two minors and an adult were indicted in the killing . Prosecutors allege the killing was retaliation for the deaths of three Israeli teens whose bodies were found in the West Bank in June . One of those Israeli teens also had American citizenship . Leigh Remizowski , Michael Schwartz , Haimy Assefa and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	New Jersey official says death of Aaron Sofer , 23 , may have been accidental Search for missing American in Israel ends with discovery of his body in Jerusalem-area forest The Yeshiva student was reported missing last Friday while hiking , police say
OPRAH.com  -- Physical attraction may be as old as time , but new studies are beginning to uncover the science behind sex appeal . Unexpected factors -- like biochemical odors , face shape and voice pitch -- just might have more to do with your choice of mate than anyone ever expected . Biostatistics expert Kendra Schmid explains why actress Halle Berry scored very high on facial attractiveness . Karl Grammer and Elizabeth Oberzaucher are leading the research on the human scent 's influence on sexual attraction . They 've found that when women are ovulating , they produce copulins , a scent that attracts men . The researchers believe when a man gets a whiff of copulins , his testosterone levels rise . As a result , he secretes androstenone , an odor that repels women who are n't ovulating . "  Bars and nightclubs across the world are the battlefield for this invisible biochemical war , " Oprah Winfrey says . Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman says attraction has a lot more to do with science and evolution than people might think . "  We are innately all puppies in heat , " she says . "  We are capable of discerning 10,000 different scents consciously . But then there 's a whole realm of unconscious scents that we 're not even aware that we 're smelling . " Oprah.com : Get Dr. Berman 's 5 steps to better sex These odors let people know when a woman is fertile and when a man 's testosterone levels are high , Berman says . As a result , individuals can tell when someone else is most ripe for reproduction . "  It 's all about survival of the species , " she says . One common complaint Berman hears among women with relationship problems is that they love their partner , but they 're not in love with him . "  There is a difference between love and chemistry , " Berman says . "  Take a really good whiff of him without cologne when he 's relatively clean . If that smell turns you on , that 's a really good cue of chemistry . " Oprah.com : Can the chemistry come later ? In one recent study , Berman says , researchers had women smell men 's T-shirts . The women were most attracted to the shirts of men with a different major histocompatability complex  MHC  from them . MHC is a collection of genes that are related to immune systems . "  We unconsciously want to mate with someone who has a different immune system than ours because that helps with the survival of our offspring , " Berman says . The T-shirt study also found that women taking hormonal contraception were attracted to men who had similar MHC as they did . "  If you 're on the pill , your body is being tricked into think you 're pregnant , so you 're not ovulating , " Berman says . "  The bad news there is that they have looked at these couples who have similar MHC , and not only do they have higher levels of infidelity and higher levels of marital discord , but they also have higher infertility issues . " Another unexpected factor that has been found to directly affect attraction is voice pitch . Gordon Gallup , Ph.D. , a professor at the State University of New York at Albany , says that women with higher estrogen levels have higher voices , which makes them more desirable to men . "  When females are midcycle , when they 're the most fertile , the most likely to conceive , their voices are rated as being significantly more attractive , " he says . It 's hard to pinpoint what distinguishes a gorgeous face from an average one , but some researchers are getting pretty close . Psychologist Lisa DeBruine , Ph.D. , of the University of Aberdeen in Scotland says she 's found that women 's faces get more attractive to men when they are ovulating . "  We 're not entirely clear why there 's this difference , but we think that the women might look healthier , have a bit of a healthier glow when they are ovulating . " Symmetry is another factor that determines a face 's attractiveness . Kendra Schmid , an assistant professor of biostatistics at the University of Nebraska Medical Center , says there is a formula for the "  perfect " face . She uses 29 different measurements to determine someone 's appeal on a scale of 1 to 10 . To start , Schmid says the ratio of the length of the face to the width of the face should be 1.6 , also known as the golden ratio . "  The face should also be divided into three equal pieces vertically , " she says . "  The forehead , then -LSB- the bottom of the forehead to -RSB- the nose and then from the nose to the chin . " Who 's face is the most "  perfect , " according to Schmid 's measurements ? No big surprise here ! "  Brad Pitt 's is the highest that I 've ever used the -LSB- formula -RSB- on , " she says . "  He was a 9.3 -LSB- out of 10 -RSB- . " Brad 's partner , Angelina Jolie , did n't fare too badly either . "  Angelina was a 7.67 , and that 's pretty high , " Schmid says . "  Most people rate about 4 to 6 . ... The thing that is probably lowering her score is the thing that she 's most famous for -- her full lips . " Schmid says that ideally the width of a mouth should be twice the height of the lips . Other celebrities Schmid tested were Halle Berry , who scored a 7.36 , and Hugh Jackman , a 6.45 . "  There 's never been anyone who was a perfect 10 , " Schmid says . "  If you 're out there , we 're looking for you ! " Not everything that goes into finding a partner is biological . Researchers have also found that if a woman looks at the face of a man whom she knows nothing about , she will give it a rating on a scale of 1 to 10 that 's different than if she is shown the same face and a corresponding income . When a man makes a lot of money , a woman will rate him higher on an attractiveness scale than she would that same man with a smaller income . Oprah.com : What do women really want ? Berman says this is n't a case of women being gold diggers . "  It goes back again to evolution . When we were having babies who were very dependent on us , we could n't hunt and take care of ourselves , so we were looking for the man who had the most social status , who was the best hunter , who was going to bring home the biggest chunk of meat for our babies , " she says . "  It 's the same thing today . " Smell , voice pitch and face symmetry might be unconscious detectors of attractiveness , but if you 're trying to consciously assess the future of a relationship , Berman says there 's one surefire way . "  You really learn a lot from a kiss . ... Sixty-six percent of women say they would dump a guy after a bad first kiss , " she says . "  It 's not only because you 're getting that good whiff of him so you 're seeing if you like the way he smells . All your senses are engaged , and you get a sense of his sensuality , his connection , whether he 's a take-charge kind of guy or more of a stepping back kind . " When it comes to relationships , Berman says kissing frequency is a direct indicator of happiness . "  It turns out that couples who kiss and cuddle regularly are eight times less likely to be stressed and depressed than couples who do n't get that , " she says . "  You have to have a minimum of a 10-second kiss every day . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman : "  We are innately all puppies in heat " Says woman are attracted to men by their smell Psychologist Lisa DeBruine says men find ovulating women more attractive The higher a woman 's voice , the more attractive men find her , expert says
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India 's prime minister called a meeting with two ministers for Thursday evening as the country scrambles to pull together the problem-plagued Commonwealth Games . Sports Minister M.S. Gill and Urban Development Minister Jaipal Reddy are to meet with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , said Singh spokesman Harish Khare . Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram set timelines Thursday for the organizing committee and other authorities to complete any work on the Games , the Home Ministry said , though it released no details about the deadlines or possible consequences for missing them . Commonwealth Games chief Mike Fennell was expected in New Delhi on Thursday , but the prime minister 's office said Fennell has not yet requested a meeting with Singh . India 's ability to host the Games , which begin a week from Sunday , has been put in doubt after a bridge collapse and criticism of the athletes ' village as "  uninhabitable " and "  filthy . " New Zealand and Canada became the latest Commonwealth members to delay their delegations ' departures for the Games because of hygiene and security . New Zealand 's Olympic Committee said its athletes were supposed to arrive this weekend , but now may not arrive until Tuesday . Canada postponed the departure for the women 's field hockey team , two shooting athletes , and staff including medical professionals for two days , Commonwealth Games Canada  CGC  announced . "  The bottom line is that the accommodations in the athletes ' village simply are n't ready , " said Scott Stevenson , CGC 's director of sport . Concerns over the Games ' village "  We 're working extremely hard with local authorities to get the finishing work and the clean-up done , but it 's going to take more time . More importantly , we have not received the official clearance from the host organizing committee and the Commonwealth Games Federation that the village is ready for its official opening . " Scotland was the first to announce it was delaying its delegation 's departure , saying Tuesday the athletes ' village is unfinished and "  nowhere near an acceptable standard in terms of health , safety and hygiene . " Structural problems at the venues are also causing concern . A pedestrian bridge collapsed at a stadium Tuesday , injuring 27 people , and ceiling tiles fell off the same stadium Wednesday . A growing number of star athletes have withdrawn from the Games because of safety and hygiene fears . The latest is Welshman Geraint Thomas , a gold medal winner in the team pursuit cycling event at the Beijing Olympics . His fellow Team Sky colleagues Peter Kennaugh from the Isle of Man and England 's Ian Stannard have also pulled out . Thomas and Kennaugh have voiced concerns over mosquito-borne Dengue fever . English world triple jump champion Phillips Idowu announced Tuesday he was pulling out , saying on his Twitter blog , "  When people are being hurt by collapsing bridges and part of a roof in a venue falling in , plus all the other issues in and around the village  it  does n't instill complete confidence . " Other leading athletes to pull out Australia 's Dani Samuels , the world discus champion , and Canadian archers Kevin Tataryn and Dietmar Trillus , according to CNN affiliate Global Network News . The Commonwealth Games take place every four years among members of the former British empire . South Africa 's delegation said it still planned to have its team compete at the Games , but warned it could reconsider if the situation changed . "  The safety and health of Team South Africa are of paramount importance to us and if any stage we feel that this is compromised in any way , we will not hesitate to bring the team back home , " said Tubby Reddy , chief executive of the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard reminded citizens of the government 's travel advisory for India , which warns of a high risk of terrorism in New Delhi , where the games are scheduled to be held . The Australian High Commission has sought repeated assurances from Indian authorities about the safety and "  structural integrity " of the games , she told a news conference Thursday . Australia 's minister for sport , Mark Arbib , is also seeking an update on the readiness of the facilities , she said . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh in New Delhi , India , and Melissa Gray in London , England , contributed to this report .	NEW : The Indian home minister sets deadlines for Games work Manmohan Singh will meet the sports and urban development ministers NEW : Cyclist Geraint Thomas the latest star athlete to pull out Concerns voiced about facilities in Games village and security
Washington  CNN  -- The public corruption and bribery convictions of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman and HealthSouth CEO and founder Richard Scrushy will stand after the Supreme Court rejected their separate appeals Monday . The men were convicted in a political payback scheme . A jury found the governor had named Scrushy to a state regulatory board in exchange for $ 500,000 in campaign donations . After years of litigation , the justices in an unsigned order allowed the criminal convictions to stand . The specific question was whether a campaign contribution can constitute bribery if the contribution was not made in "  explicit " exchange for a promise of an official act . Lawyers for the defendants said it can not in their failed appeal to the high court . The Justice Department said the men acted with "  corrupt intent , " and that the onetime Democratic governor and an aide tried to hide the campaign cash in a secret bank account . The governor had begun a campaign in 1999 to set up a state lottery , and soon after named the powerful CEO to Alabama 's Certificates of Need Review Board . The lottery effort failed , and Scrushy was charged with helping cover the debt from the lottery campaign with the half-million dollars , partly in return for favorable treatment in government contracts . Birmingham , Alabama-based HealthSouth Corp. is one of the largest health care rehabilitation service companies . Scrushy was eventually forced out after the trial and subsequent lawsuits from investors and shareholders . Siegelman and Scrushy were convicted in 2006 , a year after Scrushy was individually acquitted in a separate federal fraud probe involving his company . Scrushy and Siegelman eventually received about seven years each behind bars , and were fined . Scrushy remains in federal custody in Texas , but was recently sent to a halfway house in the state . Siegelman was released four years ago on bail , pending appeal . Related "  honest services " fraud charges were eventually tossed out after the Supreme Court , in a separate case , narrowed the scope of the law , concluding the prosecution tactic was being misused as a "  catch-all ' statute , added to an indictment when evidence of serious criminal conduct may have been thin . Dozens of top business and government leaders had been accused of improperly withholding their "  honest services " from constituents and shareholders , a violation of federal law dealing with fiduciary responsibilities . The high court had allowed the unrelated conviction of Enron exec Jeffrey Skilling to stand , but limited when "  honest services " charges could be used against business executives and politicians . The current Scrushy/Siegelman appeals were based solely on the related public corruption convictions . The cases are Siegelman v. U.S.  11-955  ; Scrushy v. U.S.  11-972  .	Ex-Alabama Gov. Siegelman and HealthSouth founder Scrushy sought exoneration The Supreme Court in an unsigned order lets their convictions stand Scrushy made $ 500,000 in campaign donations and got a post on a state board
An investigation by Chinese authorities into the activities of GlaxoSmithKline has allegedly turned up a bribery network that involves government officials , doctors , hospitals and at least 700 travel agencies . The U.K.-based GlaxoSmithKline , one of the world 's largest vaccine makers , is now attempting to distance itself from its China arm -- which has been accused of using hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes to encourage the use of GSK products and artificially boost prices . As Chinese authorities and GlaxoSmithKline reveal new information , here is an overview of the probe , the parties involved and the potential penalties . What is GlaxoSmithKline ? GlaxoSmithKline , headquartered in London , is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world . The firm is known for its wide range of over-the-counter and prescription medicines and vaccines including its popular anti-depressant Paxil and diabetes drug Avandia . GSK , as the company is also known , says it employs some 97,000 people in more than 100 countries . In the last fiscal year , GSK reported more than $ 11.5 billion in pre-tax profits and ranked # 231 on the Fortune Global 500 . What are the accusations ? On July 11 , China 's national police agency accused GlaxoSmithKline of bribing government and medical officials in some of China 's biggest cities -- including the country 's financial hub of Shanghai and Hunan 's provincial capital Changsha -- to encourage the use of GSK medicines and to push prices higher . The bribes totaled nearly half a billion dollars , according to media reports . On July 22 , GSK executive Abbas Hussain admitted that some of the company 's senior executives in China appeared to have violated the law . Hussain , the company 's president of Europe , Japan , emerging markets and Asia-Pacific , had been dispatched to China to contain fallout from the alleged scandal . On July 24 , China 's state media reported that 39 hospital workers were being punished for taking more than $ 450,000 in kickbacks from pharmaceutical firms over a three-year period . Nine of the doctors involved had been suspended or had their licenses revoked , and a case involving a trade union official was referred to the judicial system . Who has been caught up in the scandal ? Chinese authorities have barred GSK China 's Vice President for Finance , British national Steve Nechelput , from leaving the country since late June . At least four Chinese executives have also been detained . Chinese state media have identified these executives as Vice-President of GSK China 's investment company Liang Hong , Vice-President and human resources director Zhang Guowei , GSK China 's legal affairs director Zhao Hongyan and the company 's business development manager Huang Hong . Chinese state television also broadcast an apparent confession by Liang Hong . It is unclear whether his statement was made under force or duress . Liang explained how conferences were faked in order for travel agencies to create receipts for services never performed . Funds were then used to pay off bribes encouraging the use of GSK products . How have drug prices been affected in China ? In Liang Hong 's alleged confession aired on Chinese state television , the executive explained that the bribes could have encouraged corrupt government and medical officials to raise prices 20-30 % . Liang added the cost for medication would be substantially inflated by the time it reached patients . How important is China to GSK ? In the company 's just-released second quarter earnings statement , GSK revealed net losses in Europe and Japan , with flat turnover in the United States in the first half of the year . The only regional growth occurred in emerging markets and the Asia Pacific -- of which China is core . As China 's investigation into GSK expands , the firm 's profits from the crucial emerging growth market are expected to take a hit . "  Clearly , we are likely to see some impact to our performance in China as a result of the current investigation , " said GSK CEO Sir Andrew Witty , "  but it is too early to quantify the extent of this . " Sine the bribery allegations first surfaced , GSK 's share price has slumped 3.5 % in London and 2.4 % on the New York Stock Exchange . What are the penalties if GSK is found guilty ? China 's investigation could expose the company to legal action in the U.K. , and possibly the United States , under laws relating to the bribery of foreign public officials . GlaxoSmithKline says it has informed the U.K. 's Serious Fraud Office about the bribery allegations but had not yet been asked to provide any further information . The agency , which investigates and prosecutes corruption cases , said last week that it could neither confirm nor deny an interest in the claims against GSK at this stage .	China accuses GlaxoSmithKline of funneling $ 500bn to bribe gov ` t , medical officials Money allegedly used to encourage use of GSK products , artificially boost prices Chinese authorities have detained four Chinese GSK executives , one UK national GSK is one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical firms , with 97,000 employees
CNN  -- A day after his social media company went public , Facebook co-founder and chief executive Mark Zuckerberg married his longtime girlfriend Priscilla Chan on Saturday . The news was announced where else but on Facebook . "  Mark added a life event to May 19 , 2012 on his timeline : Married Priscilla Chan , " the page 's activity feed said . Zuckerberg , 28 , posted a simple wedding photograph , showing the couple against a backdrop of plants and small lights on a string . Who is Priscilla Chan ? Both he and Chan also updated their relationship status to "  married . " What Facebook says about America Zuckerberg ditched his trademark hoodie , appearing in a dark suit and tie , while Chan wore a sleeveless white wedding dress with lace . The pair met during Zuckerberg 's sophomore year at Harvard University , where he first nursed Facebook as a dorm-room project . Chan graduated this year from medical school at the University of California , San Francisco , according to her Facebook page . The marriage comes just one day after the company , based in California , made its market debut . CNNMoney 's journey buying Facebook 's IPO Its initial public offering was the biggest opening ever for a tech company and the third-largest IPO in U.S. history , behind only Visa and General Motors .	The couple pose for a simple wedding photograph The union come on the heels of Facebook 's historic IPO
London  CNN  -- Significant progress was reportedly made last weekend in Geneva toward a landmark nuclear agreement with Iran . And , as talks concluded on November 10 , U.S. Secretary of John Kerry announced that negotiations will start again on November 20 . Despite the concerns of regional U.S. allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia , and also a significant number of legislators in the U.S. Congress , it is clear that the Obama administration is pushing strongly for deal as part of its wider Middle Eastern strategy . Indeed , Kerry has now spent more time negotiating with counterpart Iranian officials than any other U.S. high-level engagement for perhaps three decades . The seriousness of negotiations was emphasized by the fact that , as well as Kerry and his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif , foreign ministers from Russia , the United Kingdom , Germany and France , and the Chinese deputy foreign minister , came together . If agreement can be reached , an interim deal  potentially setting the ground for a later comprehensive agreement  would reportedly see Iran 's nuclear capacity capped for six months and opened up to U.N. inspections . In exchange , Iran would be given limited , sequenced relief from sanctions . Remaining disagreements reportedly include the status of the Arak heavy-water reactor , and production of highly enriched uranium -- both processes , that can potentially be used to produce nuclear weapons . A second problem to resolve is how to handle the existing Iranian stockpile of uranium that Iran enriched to 20 % . IAEA signs cooperation deal with Tehran Progress in nuclear diplomacy with Iran , combined with continued uncertainty in Syria and Egypt , has refocused Washington 's attention towards the Middle East in a manner unanticipated by Obama only a few months ago . In addition to Syria and Egypt , the administration has spent significant political capital resuming Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . The urgency of U.S. focus there reflects growing international conviction that , 20 years after the Oslo Process began , the "  window of opportunity " for securing a two-state solution may be receding . Intensified U.S. focus on the Middle East has accentuated a shift , common to many recent re-elected presidents , of increased focus on foreign policy in second terms of office . In part , this reflects the fact that presidents often see foreign policy as key to the legacy they wish to build . For instance , after the 2001 terrorist attacks , George W. Bush sought to spread his freedom agenda across the Middle East . Bill Clinton also devoted significant time to trying to secure a comprehensive Israeli-Palestinian peace deal . As important as an Iran nuclear agreement might prove to be , the Middle East is one of only two regions in which Obama is looking for legacy . Since he was elected in 2008 , Asia in general , and China in particular , has assumed greater importance in U.S. policy . To this end , Obama is seeking to continue the so-called pivot towards Asia-Pacific through landmark initiatives like the Trans-Pacific Partnership . Key threats , however , remain on the horizon to securing this re-orientation . These include a dramatic , sustained escalation of tension in the Middle East  perhaps in Syria or Egypt  ; and/or the remaining possibility of further terrorist attacks on the U.S. homeland . As well as legacy-building , the likelihood of Obama concentrating more on foreign policy also reflects domestic U.S. politics . Particularly the intense polarization and gridlock of Washington . Since re-election , Obama has achieved little domestic policy success . His gun control bill was defeated , immigration reform faces significant opposition in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives , and the prospect of a long-term federal budgetary "  grand bargain " with Congress looks unlikely . Moreover , implementation of his landmark healthcare initiative has been botched . Many re-elected presidents in the post-war era have , like Obama , found it difficult to acquire domestic policy momentum . In part , this is because the party of re-elected presidents , as with the Democrats now , often hold a weaker position in Congress . Thus Dwight Eisenhower in 1956 , Richard Nixon in 1972 , and Bill Clinton in 1996 were all re-elected alongside Congresses where both the House and Senate were controlled by their partisan opponents . Another factor encouraging foreign policy focus in second terms is the fact that re-elected presidents have often been impacted by domestic scandals in recent decades . Thus , Watergate ended the Nixon administration in 1974 , Iran-Contra badly damaged the Reagan White House , and the Lewinsky scandal led to Clinton being impeached . Since Obama 's re-election , a series of problems have hit the administration . These include revelations that the Internal Revenue Service targeted some conservative groups for special scrutiny ; and the Department of Justice 's secret subpoenaing of private phone records of several Associated Press reporters and editors in the wake of a terrorist plot leak . Even if Obama escapes further significant problems , he will not be able to avoid the "  lame-duck " factor . That is , as a president can not seek more than two terms , political focus will refocus elsewhere , particularly after the November 2014 congressional ballots when the 2016 presidential election campaign kicks into gear . Taken overall , Iranian diplomatic progress and wider recent events in the Middle East are therefore likely to accentuate the incentives for Obama to place increasing emphasis on foreign policy -- which Congress has less latitude over -- in his remaining period of office . And , this shift is only likely to be reinforced if , as anticipated , the U.S. economic recovery continues to build up steam in 2014 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Obama administration seeking Iran deal as part of wider Mideast strategy , says Andrew Hammon Deal would reportedly see Iran 's nuclear capacity capped for six months , opened up to inspection Since re-election , Obama has achieved little policy success amid political gridlock - Hammond Foreign policy allows Obama potential for long-term success , he adds
CNN  -- The discussion of race is never a black and white issue , and recent "  AC360  " and CNN.com reports about young children 's attitudes on race became one of the most discussed stories on the site , eliciting more than 4,500 comments . In the study , white children had an overwhelming bias toward white , and black children also had a bias toward white , but it was not nearly as strong as the bias shown by the white children . Many users of the site thought parenting was the issue behind the results , some thought the kids were too naive and others thought the testing method was flawed . Kids ' test answers on race brings mother to tears Margaret Beale Spencer , a leading researcher in the field of child development , designed the pilot study for CNN 's "  AC360 . " Beale Spencer used a team of three psychologists to implement it : two testers to execute the study and a statistician to help analyze the results . Her team tested 133 children from schools that met very specific economic and demographic requirements . In total , eight schools participated : four in the greater New York area and four in Georgia . Spencer 's test aimed to re-create the landmark doll test from the 1940s . Those tests , conducted by psychologists Kenneth and Mamie Clark , were designed to measure how segregation affected African-American children . Full doll study results Many people who read the story commented that racism is a learned behavior . "  I do believe that parents must take an active role -LSB- regardless of race -RSB- to inform their children that they are no better or no worse than anyone because of race , " Kejohn03 wrote . "  These lessons were taught to me and when I have children I will do the same . Once this happens , then there will be less misconceptions and negative perceptions regarding race . " Another reader thought many people missed the point of the results of the study . No one says the children are racist , Trumpet01 wrote . "  The problem here is that if parents do not talk to their kid about race and how to perceive people that are ` different from them ' , they would simply form their opinions based on whatever -LSB- right or wrong -RSB- they gather from society . To suggest that anyone is labeling these innocent kids to be racist is merely unfortunate , " the writer said . Watch the psychologist who devised the test talk about the role of parents One person said they had done a mini-survey with a much smaller sample set -- their children -- and said the results showed the influence television has on our lives . Realjoe said the same questions were posed as were new ones . The writer said that where they live , there is a big Native American population . The children chose a brown figure as the one most likely to have a drinking problem , the white figure as the one that was gay and the black doll was picked for the sports questions , he wrote . "  I say , thank you media/TV , " realjoe wrote . A few readers thought the study was flawed . Some thought more children should have been studied while others thought that 5-year-olds wo n't give answers that prove anything . "  For one thing , 5-year-old children do n't have a broad base of experience and are inclined to pick the familiar , " andme2 wrote . "  If the child does n't have any brown or black friends , chances are he or she will gravitate toward white children because children of a different color are unknowns in his or her life . " The reader thought it would have been better if the children were observed interacting with each other in different groups , but acknowledged that might have been an issue , too , "  because the children would realize something was expected of them and might behave accordingly . " Others said children -- and adults -- were conditioned to think of light objects as good and dark as bad . It 's "  something human beings have been doing for thousands of years , " reader timmy2136 said . But others said the study 's results were the most important thing and the discussion over the methodology drew attention away from the revelations of the tests . "  I think it 's interesting how many people want to fight the results , rather than conclude , ` Hey , maybe it is a good idea to teach our kids when they are really young that we should n't judge people by the way they look , ' " FrustratedMI wrote . iReport : Where do we go from here ? Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	More than 4,500 CNN.com users comment on story on children and race New study shows black and white children are biased toward lighter skin One user says parents are the biggest influence Some users suggest results should be questioned
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A German cruise liner said Tuesday it plans to fly its passengers over the Gulf of Aden , instead of sailing them through , out of fear of pirate attacks in the region . U.S. Navy image of pirates operating off coast of Somalia in October this year . Hapag-Lloyd Cruises said all 246 passengers and most of the crew aboard the MS Columbus , currently at the start of an around-the-world cruise , will disembark at an undisclosed port , then fly to Dubai to continue their journey . The company called the move a precautionary measure . Pirate attacks in the waters off Somalia have shot up this year , with pirates staging increasingly bolder attacks on ever-bigger targets . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . Freight and cargo ships , cruise liners , and private yachts have all come under attack . In many hijackings , pirates take the crew and passengers hostage while they demand a ransom . The problem has forced companies like Hapag-Lloyd , that use the Gulf of Aden , to make new plans , including stepping up security or changing their routes . One shipping company announced last month it would bypass the region altogether , sailing instead around the Cape of Good Hope and adding thousands of kilometers to its voyages . Read more about how to solve the pirate problem here . Hapag-Lloyd said a general travel warning for the area , issued by the German Foreign Ministry , played a part in the decision . But the company also said it had asked the German government for naval protection and the request was turned down . Representatives of Hapag-Lloyd and the German Defense Ministry could not immediately be reached for further comment . The passengers on board the Columbus began the first leg of their world cruise November 28 in Genoa , Italy and are due in Dubai on December 17 , according to Hapag-Lloyd 's Web site . Further stops include Singapore , Bali , Indonesia and Sydney , Australia . Hapag-Lloyd said that after the passengers and most of the crew disembark , the Columbus will sail through the Gulf of Aden with a skeleton staff . The passengers will stay in a five-star hotel in Dubai for three days until the Columbus arrives to take them back onboard , the company said . Both the crew and passengers approve of the safety measure , Hapag-Lloyd said . The U.S. State Department and British Foreign Office advise those traveling near the Somali coast to use extreme caution because of the recent pirate attacks . Last week , the Australian government issued a similar warning about travel to the region . The advice also urged Australian ships "  to apply a robust and layered protective security regime " when traveling through the area . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Passengers will fly to Dubai to continue their journey Hapag-Lloyd : Involves 246 passengers , most of crew aboard MS Columbus Prompted by travel warning for the area issued by German Foreign Ministry United States , UK advise those traveling near Somali coast to use extreme caution
Nearly 20 suspected Boko Haram gunmen opened fire on market vendors in Nigeria , killing 15 people in Borno state , witnesses say . They also burned a local traders market , several homes and a church , said residents who survived the Sunday attack on the remote Christian village of Daku in the district of Askira Uba . This is the latest raid in northeast Borno state near Chibok , where militants from the Islamist group shocked the world when they kidnapped nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls two months ago . "  The gunmen looted food items and money left by traders while fleeing the attack , " eyewitness and resident Andrew Musa said of Sunday 's violence . "  They pursued people who attempted to flee into nearby bushes and shot them . " "  We recovered 15 bodies from the bushes after the attack , including that of the village chief , " he added . In neighboring Yobe state on Sunday , gunmen on motorcycles stormed a mosque in Gumsa village during prayers and abducted the local chief , residents said . "  The gunmen burned the police station and a telecommunications mast in the village before fleeing into the bush with the chief , " resident Kaka Bunu said . Boko Haram has terrorized Nigeria 's Borno state in recent years , in an effort to create an Islamic state .	Attackers kill 15 people in Borno state , abduct village chief in Yobe state , residents say In Borno state in April , Boko Haram abducted nearly 300 schoolgirls , who remain missing The Islamist militant group has terrorized Nigeria 's northeastern Borno state in recent years
CNN  -- Democratic vice presidential candidate Joe Biden ripped into recent comments by his Republican counterpart that suggested that some places in the U.S. are more "  pro-America " than others . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin holds a rally Friday in West Chester , Ohio . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin told a fundraiser in Greensboro , North Carolina , on Thursday night : "  We believe that the best of America is in the small towns that we get to visit , and in the wonderful little pockets of what I call the real America , being here with all of you hard-working , very patriotic , very pro-America areas of this great nation , " she said . "  This is where we find the kindness and the goodness and the courage of everyday Americans , " Palin added . On Friday , Palin clarified her comments . "  It 's all pro-America . I was just reinforcing the fact that there , where I was , there 's good patriotic people there in these rallies , so excited about positive change and reform of government that 's coming that they are so appreciative of hearing our message , hearing our plan . Not any one area of America is more pro-America patriotically than others , " she said . At a rally in Mesilla , New Mexico , on Friday , Biden responded to those comments in a vociferous tone . "  I hope it was just a slip on her part and she does n't really mean it . But she said , it was reported she said , that she likes to visit , ` pro-American ' parts of the country , " he said to loud boos . "  It does n't matter where you live , we all love this country , and I hope it gets through . We all love this country , " he said . "  We are one nation , under God , indivisible . We are all patriotic . We all love our country in every part of this nation ! And I 'm tired . I am tired , tired , tired , tired of the implications about patriotism . " Meanwhile , the presidential campaigns were on the offensive Friday , with Sen. Barack Obama criticizing Sen. John McCain 's health care plan and Palin scrutinizing Obama 's ties to a community activist group . The candidates and their running mates were spread out across the country , with Palin traveling to Ohio and Indiana ; McCain in Florida ; and Biden in New Mexico and Nevada . Obama was in Virginia , a traditional Republican state that has not backed a Democrat for president since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 . But according to a CNN/TIME/Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted October 11-14 , Obama has opened up a 10-point lead over McCain , 53 percent to 43 percent . At a campaign rally in Roanoke , Obama compared McCain 's health care proposals to drug advertising . Watch more of Obama 's comments " "  It 's like those ads for prescription drugs . They start out and everybody 's running in the fields and everybody 's happy , then there 's a little fine print that says , you know , the side effects they may include , " Obama said to laughter from the crowd . He also highlighted McCain 's plan to tackle the Medicare system , which provides health benefits for senior citizens and others . "  It turns out , Sen. McCain would pay for part of his plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare -- $ 882 billion worth ... to pay for an ill-conceived , badly thought-through health care plan that wo n't provide more health care to people -- even though Medicare is already facing a looming shortfall , " he said . Shortly after Obama 's speech , McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said in a statement that unlike Obama 's "  risky plan , " McCain 's plans "  do not punish struggling businesses with fines and taxes , and they certainly do not cut a single benefit for Medicare or Medicaid -- Obama is simply lying . " According to McCain 's Web site , the Arizona senator wants to "  reform the payment systems in Medicaid and Medicare to compensate providers for diagnosis , prevention and care coordination . Medicaid and Medicare should not pay for preventable medical errors or mismanagement . " McCain also returned to the campaign trail Friday , traveling to Florida -- a state the Republicans won in the last two presidential elections . A CNN Poll of Polls calculated Friday shows Obama leading McCain by six points , 49 percent to 43 percent . Watch how Obama has opened up a lead in the polls " A fired-up McCain told a crowd in Miami that while Americans are facing hard times and the nation 's financial system is in crisis , "  the next president wo n't have time to get used to the office . " "  He wo n't have the luxury of studying up on the issues before he acts . He will have to act immediately . And to do that , he will need experience , courage , judgment and a bold plan of action to take this country in a new direction , " McCain said , referring to Obama . Watch more of McCain 's comments " Over the weekend , McCain will head to North Carolina , another state that Republicans have counted on in recent elections but is now considered a tossup . Watch how North Carolina has become a battleground state " Meanwhile , Palin , McCain 's running mate , lashed out Friday at Obama 's connection to the ACORN community activist group , which is under fire for alleged voter registration fraud . The group -- the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- faces allegations of filing fraudulent voter registrations in Nevada and faces investigations in other states . Palin , campaigning in the battleground state of Ohio , told a crowd in West Chester that Obama "  wo n't tell you the full truth ... on his connections to ACORN ... under investigation for rampant voter fraud . " The FBI confirmed Tuesday that it is investigating ACORN 's registration efforts . Palin accused the group of "  rampant voter fraud , " although technically it is being accused of voter registration fraud . "  In this election , especially here in Ohio , you 're going to be asked to choose between a candidate who will not disavow a group committing voter fraud and a leader who will not tolerate it , " Palin said . Brian Mellor , an ACORN attorney in Boston , Massachusetts , said the group has its own quality control process and has fired workers in the past -- including workers in Gary , Indiana . But he said allegations that his organization committed fraud is a government attempt to keep people disenfranchised . "  We believe their purpose is to attack ACORN and suppress votes , " he said . Palin said her campaign is calling on Obama , the Democratic presidential nominee , to release communications his campaign had with the group . Read more about Obama and ACORN " -LSB- We -RSB- do n't want to turn the Buckeye State into the ACORN state , " she said to loud cheers . Obama campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor responded in a statement Friday , saying : "  We have not worked with ACORN at all in the general election . Rather than make these false , desperate attacks , the McCain-Palin campaign should release an economic plan that actually helps the middle class instead of giving billions in tax cuts to big corporations . " CNN 's Ed Hornick , Drew Griffin and Kathleen Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : Joe Biden : "  It does n't matter where you live , we all love this country " John McCain : Next president "  wo n't have time to get used to the office " Barack Obama in Virginia blasts McCain 's Medicare plan CNN Poll of Polls has Obama leading McCain by 6 points , 49 percent to 43 percent
London  CNN  -- Amid a din of whistles and klaxons , and bearing banners emblazoned with "  No cuts " and "  Austerity is failing , " thousands of protesters marched past London 's landmarks Saturday in a show of popular anger over government cutbacks . "  I do n't like the government 's policy , I do n't think it works and I think the most vulnerable people suffer -- that 's why I 'm here , " said one woman on the march . The planned cuts to services and payments that help the sick and disabled are "  shameful , " she said . Culminating in a mass rally in Hyde Park , the protest , staged by unions representing public sector workers and others , reflects a rising tide of discontent among many over the austerity measures brought in or proposed by the coalition government . Marches were also held in the Scottish city of Glasgow and Belfast in Northern Ireland . Addressing the crowds , opposition leader Ed Miliband , of the Labour Party , criticized the government 's policies as unfairly putting the burden of austerity on ordinary workers and cutting "  too far , too fast . " "  None of these people think that Britain owes them a living , none of these people are asking for the earth -- they just have a simple request : They want a Britain that works for them . They believe we do better as one nation , " he said . Miliband was booed , however , when he said that he could not promise "  easy times , " or rule out any cuts to services . If in power , a Labour government too would have to take steps to balance the books , he said -- although he insisted it would target the country 's millionaires with tax rises , rather than taking money from the poorest members of society , as he accuses the government of doing . A banner carried by one protester put the responsibility for the country 's woes squarely on the shoulders of the prime minister , proclaiming "  Cameron has butchered Britain . " But speaking at his Conservative Party 's national conference earlier this month , David Cameron defended the government 's austerity program , saying "  painful decisions " had to be made to bring down the deficit . He acknowledged , though , that the path ahead was not easy . "  Here 's the truth , " Cameron said . "  The damage was worse than we thought , and it 's taking longer than we hoped . " But public sector worker Lee Billingham , 42 , said life was getting too tough for many , as costs continue to rise . "  I think the deficit is an excuse to cut our wages and cut public services , " he told CNN . "  My pay has been frozen for three years now and it 's really hard to make ends meet . " The Trades Union Congress , a federation that includes most British unions , said ahead of the event , dubbed "  A Future That Works , " that it expected tens of thousands of union members to turn out in London . The Metropolitan Police declined to provide an estimate of the number taking part in the march and rally . While the demonstration itself was peaceful , groups of masked youths were seen shouting at police and running through the streets in central London on Saturday afternoon . A police spokesman said officers had responded to some incidents but that no damage to property had been reported . TUC secretary general Brendan Barber told protesters in Hyde Park : "  We have a stark and united message for the government . Austerity is n't working . It is hitting our jobs , our services , our living standards . " "  It is hammering the poorest and the most vulnerable . And austerity is failing even on its own terms , for this is a government of broken promises . "  Ministers told us that if we only accept the pain , recovery would come . Instead we have been mired in a double dip recession . " The TUC wants the government to abandon its program of cuts to public services and austerity measures in favor of investment in infrastructure , new industries and training . Without a focus on growth and job creation , especially for young people , the nation faces a "  lost decade " of decline , it warns . Chancellor George Osborne said last month though that the economy was "  healing , " and that the government 's strategy was delivering results "  despite strong headwinds . " "  But the scale of the challenge is so great that there are no quick fixes or easy routes to recovery , " he told business leaders in Scotland . "  The debts built up in our economy over the last decade will take time to unwind . " Both Osborne and Cameron have pointed to the eurozone crisis as a factor in the current economic situation , saying it has cast a shadow over the British economy . Britain is one of a number of European nations , Spain and Italy among them , laboring under a large burden of public debt in the wake of the global economic downturn . Violent clashes between police and protesters have broken out at anti-austerity protests in Greece and Spain in recent months . The UK unemployment rate fell slightly to 7.9 % for the period from June to August this year , the Office for National Statistics said this week . However , many young people are without work . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin , Laura Smith-Spark and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Police respond to trouble by small groups of masked protesters Large numbers join union-backed marches in London , Glasgow and Belfast People "  want a Britain that works for them , " says Labour Party leader Ed Miliband Cameron 's government says "  painful decisions " are necessary to get Britain back on track
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Heavy rains triggered by El Nino weather patterns could potentially prove devastating for east African nations that have been water-starved for months , the United Nations has warned . A Turkana boy holds an empty cup in a village in northwestern Kenya . Kenya , Somalia , Tanzania and Uganda are facing mudslides , crop destruction , waterborne diseases and disrupted road networks , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Friday . Djibouti , Eritrea and Ethiopia could also be affected . The effects of flooding are expected to be exacerbated because so much greenery has disappeared in the drought . "  More than 23 million people in pastoral , agricultural and suburban communities , as well as internally displaced people and refugees in the region , are reeling from the impact of water and food shortages , pasture scarcity , conflict and insecurity , " said John Holmes , the under-secretary general for humanitarian affairs who is coordinating emergency relief operations . "  While we can not prevent these climatic shocks , we certainly can mitigate their disastrous effects through forward planning and the right funding from the donor community , " he said . Uganda , hit by El Nino a decade ago , is planning to apply some of the lessons learned this time around , said Fred Opolot , a government spokesman . "  The government has allocated funds and resources to areas that will be affected , " he said . "  Our disaster preparedness department is using press briefings , among other ways , to inform the public . " Though the department is not very well-funded , he said , the government is working with groups such as the United Nations and international aid agencies to prepare for floods . "  It is a multifaceted effort ... we want to ensure citizens are sensitized to the dangers of El Nino and things such as bridges are in good condition . " The rainy season begins in the Horn of Africa in mid-October and runs through the end of the year . Meteorologists have forecasted that this year 's rains will be more intense than usual because of the El Nino phenomenon , caused by a rise in temperature in the Pacific and Indian oceans . Aid agencies are already buckling under the weight of helping millions of people who have suffered through months of failed crops , drought and erratic rains caused by climate change . In Somalia , 450,000 people in the Juba and Shabelle river basins could suffer , the United Nations estimates . In neighboring Kenya , some 750,000 people -- 150,000 of whom are refugees -- could be affected . The Turkana , a pastoral tribe in northeastern Kenya , is already reeling from a severe drought that has left scores of people dead and remains of skeletal cows strewn across the flat , arid land . The remote region has no access to resources , making it especially vulnerable to natural disasters such as floods . CNN 's Moni Basu and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	U.N. humanitarian agency : East African nations facing flooding , mudslides Warning comes after months of drought in region which has decimated greenery Rainy season in Horn of Africa usually begins in mid-October , runs to end of year Kenya , Somalia , Tanzania , Uganda , Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia set to be affected
Of all al Qaeda 's affiliated groups , the Somali terrorist organization Al-Shabaab has over the past several years had the deepest links to the United States . Some 15 Americans have died fighting for Al-Shabaab , as many as four of them as suicide bombers in Somalia , and an American citizen even took up a leadership role in the group . Al-Shabaab has also found supporters in places as diverse as Seattle , St. Louis , San Diego , Minnesota , Maryland , Ohio and Alabama . Al-Shabaab had particular success recruiting Somali-Americans to its cause after the Ethiopian army invaded Somalia in 2006 , which Al-Shabaab cast as Somalia being taken over by a "  crusader " army . Ethiopia is a majority Christian nation . The largest group of American citizens and residents who have provided manpower and money to Al-Shabaab reside in Minnesota . According to a count by the New America Foundation , 22 residents of Minnesota have funded or fought with Al-Shabaab during the past four years . Opinion : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets Three of them provided funds to Al-Shabaab , and 19 have been indicted for traveling to fight in Somalia or have died in the war there . The story of Minnesotan support for Al-Shabaab began in late 2007 , when Cabdulaahi Ahmed Faarax , an American citizen of Somali descent in his early 30s , and several other men met at a Minnesota mosque and discussed traveling to Somalis to fight for Al-Shabaab . Faarax told the group that he had "  experienced true brotherhood " while fighting in Somalia and that "  jihad would be fun " and they would "  get to shoot guns , " according to the U.S. Justice Department . That meeting resulted in seven men traveling from Minnesota to Somalia to fight for Al-Shabaab in late 2007 . One was Shirwa Ahmed , a 26-year-old naturalized American citizen . Ahmed became the first American to conduct a suicide attack when he drove a truck loaded with explosives toward a government compound in Puntland , northern Somalia , blowing himself up and killing 20 other people in October 29 , 2008 . He is buried in a cemetery in Burnsville , a suburb of Minneapolis . Other American suicide attackers would follow . In early June 2011 , Farah Mohamed Beledi , 27 , of Minneapolis detonated a bomb , becoming one of two suicide attackers responsible for killing two African Union soldiers in Somalia , according to the FBI . The third American to conduct a suicide attack was Abdisalan Hussein Ali , a 22-year-old from Minneapolis who took part in a strike on African Union troops in the Somali capital of Mogadishu on October 29 , 2011 . There may even have been a fourth American suicide attacker in Somalia . On September 17 , 2009 , two stolen U.N. vehicles loaded with bombs blew up at the Mogadishu airport , killing more than a dozen peacekeepers of the African Union . The FBI suspects that 18-year-old Omar Mohamud of Seattle was one of the bombers . For those Americans who have traveled to Somalia to fight for Al-Shabaab , it has often proved to be a one-way ticket . A 2011 report by the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Homeland Security found that at least 15 Americans had died while fighting for Al-Shabaab  as well as three Canadians  . Opinion : What threat do foreign jihadists pose ? Some of the young men who volunteered to fight in Somalia had grown up in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis , which is one of the poorest places in the United States . In recent years , Somali-American family incomes there averaged less than $ 15,000 a year , and the unemployment rate was 17 % . Al-Shabaab 's American support network also extended well beyond Minnesota . Basaaly Saeed Moalin , a cabdriver in San Diego who was in contact with an Al-Shabaab leader , was convicted of sending funds to the group along with three co-conspirators this year . In St. Louis , Mohamud Abdi Yusuf pleaded guilty in 2012 of providing funds to Al-Shabaab . A resident of Ohio , Ahmed Hussain Mahamud , was indicted in 2011 for funding Somali-Americans traveling to join Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab 's support network in the United States has reached beyond the Somali-American community . Ruben Shumpert , an African-American convert to Islam from Seattle , was killed in Somalia in 2008 . A former U.S. soldier , Craig B. Baxam , 24 , of Laurel , Maryland , was arrested by Kenyan authorities in December 2011 as he tried to make his way to Somalia to join Al-Shabaab , which he told FBI agents he considered to be a religious duty . Omar Hammami of Daphne , Alabama , grew up Baptist and converted to Islam when he was in his teens . In a lengthy autobiography that Hammami posted online last year entitled "  The Story of an American Jihadi , " he explained his long journey from growing up Christian in a small town in Alabama to fighting on the front lines in Somalia with Al-Shabaab . The journey began with a life-changing trip to Syria , the homeland of his father , when he was 15 that sparked his interest in Islam . Hammami wrote in his autobiography  PDF  , "  when I came back from that vacation , I had become a different person . " Over the past several years , Hammami rose up the ranks in Al-Shabaab , becoming an important leader . Disputes with other Al-Shabaab leaders led him to split off from the group . He was killed this month , probably by members of Al-Shabaab , according to Islamist websites . In the wake of many of these developments , for the past three years , the Justice Department and the FBI have engaged in a serious effort to crack down on U.S. support for Al-Shabaab , in particular in Minnesota , in an effort codenamed Operation Rhino . This seems to have had some success , as the number of Americans indicted for supporting Al-Shabaab on the front lines or with their wallets has dropped sharply since the launch of Operation Rhino . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Nairobi attack Over the weekend , Al-Shabaab issued a list of nine names it claimed were among the attackers who carried out its deadly assault on the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya . Al-Shabaab alleged that three of the attackers were from the United States . The FBI is looking into whether these claims are true . Whether or not any Americans played a role in the massacre in Nairobi that has claimed 62 lives , there is a deadly history of American support for Al-Shabaab .	Peter Bergen : Of al Qaeda 's affiliates , Al-Shabaab has had deepest links to the U.S. He says 15 Americans have died fighting for Al-Shabaab , including suicide bombers Bergen : Ethiopian invasion of Somalia has played a role in stirring recruitment He says FBI , Justice Department have cracked down on American support
CNN  -- Brooke Shields is upset with a tabloid reporter over an incident involving the actress ' elderly mother . Brooke Shields moved her mother to a different residence after last week 's incident , Shields ' lawyer says . Shields accused a reporter and photographer from the National Enquirer of taking her 75-year-old mother -- Teri Shields , who suffers from dementia -- out of a New Jersey nursing home last week , People magazine reported . It was "  reprehensible and disgusting , " Shields told People . The reporter , "  looking for a tabloid story , " signed her mother out of a senior living facility in Old Tappan , New Jersey , by falsely claiming to be her friend , Shields said . Watch why Shields is upset " The National Enquirer said the reporter has known Teri Shields for a decade . "  Teri asked the reporter to take her out to lunch and run some errands , " the tabloid said . "  The freelance reporter then got permission from the facility to do so . ... At no point did the facility , which had given its permission for the outing , contend that there had been any wrongdoing . " Old Tappan police told People they are investigating . Brooke Shields ' lawyer , Gerald Lefcourt , said the actress has not filed charges , but was exploring her options . Shields moved her mother to another facility , Lefcourt said . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Reporter takes Brooke Shields ' mom out of nursing home , People magazine reports Reporter , with National Enquirer , claims to have known Teri Shields for years Teri Shields , 75 , asked reporter to take her to lunch , National Enquirer says Police in New Jersey community investigating , People reports
CNN  -- One of America 's top World War II fighter pilots , an African-American who took on Nazis abroad and racism at home , was laid to rest Friday at Arlington National Cemetery . Retired Air Force Lt. Col. Lee A. Archer , one of the famed Tuskegee Airmen , died last month in New York at the age of 90 . Archer , who once shot down three German fighters in the span of only a few minutes , went on to become a corporate executive and venture capitalist . His life came to be seen as an example of the potential of any individual , regardless of skin color or background , if given a fair opportunity . Lee Andrew Archer Jr. was born in 1919 in Yonkers , New York . An aviation enthusiast from childhood , he left New York University in 1941 to join the Army . Despite passing a pilot 's test , he was assigned as a communications specialist in Camp Wheeler , Georgia . But several months later , after the United States declared war on the Axis powers , Archer was selected to join a training program for potential black pilots at Alabama 's Tuskegee Army Air Field . Archer graduated first in the program in July 1943 and , after receiving his commission as a second lieutenant , was deployed to Italy as part of the 332nd Fighter Group . On October 12 , 1944 , while piloting a P-51 Mustang , Archer downed three Luftwaffe fighters in the sky over Nazi-occupied Hungary . He also was credited with shooting down a fighter over Germany earlier in the year . U.S. military officials could not confirm a fifth downing by Archer in summer 1944 . If they had been able to do so , he would have become the only Tuskegee Airman to be officially designated as an ace . By the end of World War II , Archer had flown 169 combat missions , providing cover and escorting U.S. bombers in over 11 countries , according to the Air Force . He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross . Archer remained in the military through 1970 , witnessing its desegregation during the Truman administration and serving in several capacities . Among other things , he became a diplomatic officer at Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe and was chief of headquarters at the U.S. Air Force Southern Command in Panama . He received special citations for his service from Presidents Eisenhower , Kennedy and Johnson . After retiring from the military , Archer became an executive at General Foods and started Archer Asset Management , a venture capital firm . Archer 's wife , Ina , died in 1996 . He is survived by three sons .	Retired Air Force Lt. Col. Lee A. Archer died last month in New York Archer shot down three German fighters in span of only minutes He received Distinguished Flying Cross , witnessed military 's desegregation After the military , Archer worked at General Foods and started venture capital company
CNN  -- A photo showing Iranian clerics prominently participating in an anti-government protest speaks volumes about the new face of Iran 's opposition movement . Clerics in robes and turbans join rallies to protest the disputed presidential election results in Iran . In a blatant act of defiance , a group of Mullahs took to the streets of Tehran , to protest election results that returned incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power . Whether these clerics voted for Ahmadinejad or one of the opposition candidates is unknown . What is important here , is the decision to march against the will of Iran 's supreme leader who called the results final and declared demonstrations illegal . In the Islamic Republic of Iran , Mullahs rule supreme . They are the country 's conservative clerics ; the guardians of the Islamic revolution and its ideologies . They 're loyal only to God and Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Iranian opposition supporters took to the streets in protest of their candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi 's loss in the June 12 presidential elections . They alleged the elections were rigged . Moussavi asked to annul the results and hold new vote . Ayatollah Khamenei rejected the proposal , backed Ahmadinejad and called on people not to demonstrate or else face the consequences . When the protests began , Iranian students for the most part , especially women were visible and in the lead . Watch clerics join the protests " Their numbers dwindled over time . Some blame police and militia crackdown and intimidation . Social networks swelled with amateur video showing protesters beaten or shot at . Their screams of pain and even death were caught on tape by fellow protesters using mainly cell phone cameras . Throughout all that , some clerics of the Islamic Republic have spoken up against the stifling of people 's right to voice their opinion and in support of new elections . On his Web site , Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri described government efforts to crackdown on the protests as threatening the legitimacy of the Islamic Republic because it was no longer representing all the people . Moussavi ally and former president Mohammad Khatami also said in a statement that to "  protest in a civil manner ... is the definite right of the people and all must respect that . " The graphic pictures out of Iran in the past week have shown time and again , making statements is one thing and taking to the streets is another . Iranian opposition at the leadership level and in the streets now has new faces , made up of those who had opposing ideologies before the election . One symbol of that has become a nightly tradition in Iran . Secular or religious , Iranians go to their rooftops every night . . and shout out "  Allahu Akbar " -- God is great -- and "  down with the dictator . "	A group of Mullahs protesting election results represents a blatant act of defiance They 're normally loyal to Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Khamenei called election result valid and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner He told protesters they will face the consequences
CNN  I was deeply moved watching Julianne Moore win the Oscar for "  Still Alice , " a movie I was proud and privileged to be an executive producer on . Julianne gives a harrowing performance as a brilliant 50-year-old college professor who loses her brain and herself to early-onset Alzheimer 's disease . This is a huge moment for Julianne -- and a huge moment for all of us who have been trying to focus public attention on this staggering disease . Witnessing Alzheimer 's progress on the big screen is as terrifying as it is in real life . I know , because I 'm a child of Alzheimer 's . The mind of my father , Sargent Shriver , had always been a finely tuned instrument that left people in awe and inspired . But my family and I watched Alzheimer 's erase that brain -- slowly , inexorably , completely . It was terrifying , too , because back then , the disease was surrounded by shame and silence . Alzheimer 's still carries a stigma of the unknown -- even though today more than 5 million Americans have it . That 's right . Every 67 seconds , another one of us develops Alzheimer 's . Women in their 60s are about twice as likely to develop Alzheimer 's as breast cancer . With 10,000 baby boomers turning 65 every day , there will be 13.5 million of us with Alzheimer 's by 2050 . And many people do n't understand that Alzheimer 's is n't a natural part of aging . Alzheimer 's is a disease that kills . The truth is , we 're right in the middle of an epidemic , but we as a nation are in denial . An Oscar for "  Still Alice " is shining the brightest light yet on Alzheimer 's , but light is n't enough anymore . Attention is n't enough . It 's time to get serious . Alzheimer 's is exerting a powerful impact on American families -- on our health , our finances , and our futures . And women are disproportionately affected . Why women ? Back in 2010 , when we published "  The Shriver Report : A Woman 's Nation Takes on Alzheimer 's , " we reported that women were more than half the individuals diagnosed with Alzheimer 's and nearly two-thirds of the unpaid caregivers of those who had it . Now those numbers are far worse . Today nearly two-thirds of those with Alzheimer 's are women -- that 's more than 3.2 million women . And more than 60 % of caregivers for people with Alzheimer 's and dementia are women , with many having to reduce their own workload or even drop out of the workforce altogether to care for loved ones . Opinion : Why ` Still Alice ' is about you Women are the epicenter of this crisis , which is why I believe they also have to be the solution . So , in partnership with the Alzheimer 's Association and so many inspiring women already working on the front lines to fight this disease , we have launched the Wipe Out Alzheimer 's Challenge , a multipronged campaign powered by women 's brains . Our mission is to enlist women of all ages to get educated , engaged and empowered to instigate change . Women around the country will go out and raise the alarm , raise awareness , raise the stakes and raise millions of dollars to fund serious research into women 's brains . And there 's so much research to do and so many questions to answer . Why is the incidence of Alzheimer 's higher for women ? Nobody knows . And why is it that women in their 60s are so much more likely to get Alzheimer 's than breast cancer ? Nobody knows . What 's the exact role of estrogen ? We do n't know . Is there an Alzheimer 's connection with depression or with diabetes ? What about genetics ? What can be done during the 20 or so years when the disease develops , before a woman even becomes symptomatic ? What 's the impact of diet , stress level , exercise , sleep and cardiovascular condition ? It 's time to find out . We have to fund this research , because for some reason it 's not a priority for the government . In 2015 , Washington will spend an estimated $ 6 billion on cancer research and $ 3 billion on HIV/AIDS research , but only $ 586 million on Alzheimer 's . Yet , as the Alzheimer 's Association tells us , "  the costs to all payers for the care of people living with Alzheimer 's disease and other dementias will total an estimated $ 226 billion , with Medicare and Medicaid paying 68 percent of the costs . " I do n't get it , but I 'm not going to wait anymore . So Wipe Out Alzheimer 's is stepping in . We 're asking women to put together their own "  brain trusts " in their communities -- groups that will go out and do some muscular fund-raising . But equally important , these brain trusts will gather to discuss and disseminate information about what the disease is and is n't . What are the warning signs we should look for in ourselves and our parents ? What 's the difference between normal forgetfulness , dementia and Alzheimer 's disease ? Can brain games or meditation slow cognitive decline ? Do dietary supplements help ? Local brain trust groups will also learn about the devastatingly high cost of Alzheimer 's -- how neither Medicare nor the Affordable Care Act covers long-term care , and the cost of a semiprivate nursing home room averages more than $ 80,000 a year . They 'll reach out to help and encourage women whose loved ones have Alzheimer 's . They will be politically engaged and encourage political candidates who support increased funding for Alzheimer 's research . They 'll push their own doctors to get better-educated about cognitive health . It 's time for the narrative around Alzheimer 's to change . I remember when an HIV/AIDS diagnosis was a death sentence . I remember when cancer was a dirty word , and the prognosis was always grim . But AIDS and cancer activists are helping to take these diseases from terrifying to treatable , from hopeless to hopeful . We want to do the same with Alzheimer 's . We want to understand it , prevent it , treat it and beat it . Wipe Out Alzheimer 's is creating a global community of women activists , agitators and agents of change to do just that . We used to think that the mysterious condition called Alzheimer 's disease happened only to folks in their 80s and 90s . "  Still Alice " shows us that 's just not true . The race for the Oscar may be over , but the race to wipe out Alzheimer 's is on .	Maria Shriver 's father was stricken by Alzheimer 's , a growing scourge in U.S. Women are disproportionately affected as sufferers and caregivers , she says Wipe Out Alzheimer 's Challenge is launching to fill in for lagging government funding , she says
Editor 's note : Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. , is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . Fauci has overseen research into preventing , diagnosing and treating disease and has made numerous discoveries related to HIV/AIDS . He has received the National Medal of Science , the Mary Woodard Lasker Award for Public Service and the Presidential Medal of Freedom . April 25 , 2009 , is World Malaria Day . Dr. Anthony Fauci says we should aim to eradicate the killer disease of malaria . CNN  -- For the past few decades when talking about malaria , public health officials and malaria experts have avoided the word "  eradication . " This reluctance is based in part on relatively recent history . In 1955 , the World Health Organization  WHO  launched a valiant effort to eradicate malaria throughout the world . Although the disease was virtually eliminated in many temperate regions and reduced in some tropical areas , the goal of worldwide eradication fell short , and the effort ultimately was abandoned . Today , malaria has resurged with a vengeance . Half the world 's population is at risk of malaria infection . Approximately 250 million people get sick with malaria each year and nearly a million individuals die -- mostly young children and pregnant women in sub-Saharan Africa . So when Bill and Melinda Gates dared to resurrect the "  E " word in 2007 , many in the public health community were skeptical and said in private conversation , "  It ca n't be done . " We at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases initially leaned toward the views of the large chorus of "  eradication skeptics , " but as the idea began to sink in and we assessed the research landscape , a new sense of optimism emerged . We now believe that malaria eradication -- controlling and eliminating the malaria parasite in every region across the globe -- is possible , but only if we learn from history and our past mistakes . Previous efforts to eradicate malaria failed for several reasons , including political instability and technical challenges in delivering resources , especially in certain countries in Africa . The goal of malaria eradication , although popular among physicians and public health workers , did not muster sustained widespread support among the general public . The diversity of malaria in communities across the globe and the changes in tools and monitoring strategies required over time to achieve eradication were not fully appreciated . And the impact and sustainability of single interventions such as the drug chloroquine and the pesticide DDT were overestimated . Inevitably , malaria parasites developed resistance to commonly used drugs and mosquito vectors became insecticide-resistant . Unfortunately , investments in the research needed to develop new tools was never really adequate . And a sustainable yet flexible infrastructure to deliver the treatment and preventive services that could respond to a changing epidemiology was never developed . It is now widely recognized that any attempt at malaria eradication must be a long-term commitment that involves multiple interventions , disciplines , strategies and organizations . One of the means to develop important new tools critical for the eradication of malaria is through biomedical research . The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases recognizes that malaria eradication will require a sustained , multidisciplinary research effort by multiple partners across the globe . Indeed , we are a part of a global initiative recently launched by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation called the Malaria Eradication Research and Development Agenda involving research sponsors , public health agencies and interested organizations throughout the world joined by the common collaborative goal of malaria eradication . As we work toward controlling and eliminating malaria in endemic regions of the world , it will be important to monitor shifts in disease patterns as we achieve success . Malaria-carrying mosquitoes may die out in some regions , but reappear in others . Certain drugs may be successful in reducing the burden and controlling the spread of the malaria parasite , but other parasites may soon emerge to reintroduce or resume the disease . Such changes in the patterns of the disease will require new interventions : diagnostics , drugs and ultimately an effective vaccine . Thus , we must maintain a robust pipeline of new interventions that can substitute for failing ones . In developing a research plan for controlling , eliminating and eventually eradicating malaria , we are confronted by substantial challenges . An immediate challenge is diagnosis . Different species of the malaria parasite exist , and it is important to have sensitive and rapid diagnostics that can detect which species are infecting patients and whether they are resistant to standard malaria drug regimens so that the optimal drugs are administered . As our successes mount , we also will need rapid new diagnostics to detect infected individuals with no symptoms who might re-introduce the parasite into areas where the disease has been controlled or eliminated . A second challenge will be to translate the enormous wealth of basic information about malaria parasites , mosquito vectors and the human host into new intervention strategies . For example , we now know the genetic sequences from Anopheles gambiae , the most important mosquito species for spreading malaria , and for the two major malaria parasites of humans : Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax . It is a daunting task to translate this information into better ways of blocking transmission and preventing and treating infection . Finally , perhaps our greatest challenge is sustaining our research efforts until the ultimate eradication of malaria . We may run the risk of becoming victims of our own success . Once we find ways to reduce the disease burden and deaths due to malaria , the world may no longer perceive malaria as a major threat and may lose interest . Celebrities , politicians and even health officials may focus their attention on other maladies that pose a more immediate threat . We can not allow this to happen . Unless we want to face the persistence and even resurgence of malaria in the next century and beyond , we must maintain our resolve to fully eradicate this deadly scourge across the globe . It can be done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony S. Fauci .	Dr. Anthony Fauci : Eradicating malaria was dismissed as impossible He says a reassessment shows the disease can be wiped out over time Fauci says malaria sickens 250 million and kills nearly a million a year Fauci says it will take coordinated effort , including more research
CNN  -- At long last , the '60s TV series "  Batman " is finally being released on DVD and Blu-ray . Fans of the Adam West and Burt Ward program have been waiting years for this moment , as a long-running rights dispute between 20th Century Fox and Time Warner  the latter is CNN 's parent company  made it seem like it would never come . Before November 11 , anyone hankering for classic "  Batman " had to settle for recording episodes from cable on the DVR . When "  Batman " made its TV debut in 1966 , it was nothing short of a phenomenon . The first episode had huge ratings and launched a slew of Bat-merchandise as the dynamic duo invaded the public consciousness , appearing just about everywhere for much of that year . For a time , the show had people tuning in the following night -- "  same Bat-time , same Bat-channel " -- to see how Batman and Robin got out of their latest jam . Up until Tim Burton 's 1989 movie , the 1966 version of "  Batman " was the best-known representation of the hero , and it 's still fondly remembered nearly 50 years later . Here are five of the most memorable moments of the series , which ran from 1966 to 1968 .  We 're not counting Adam West and Burt Ward 's tongue-in-cheek performances , which are in a league of their own . 1 . The Batusi Right out of the gate , we knew we were in for something special . As Batman went into a nightclub  with the underage Robin waiting outside  , he happened upon the Riddler 's girlfriend , Molly . As the pair danced , Batman unleashed some moves of his own , and the Batusi was born  soon to be replicated in "  Pulp Fiction "  . 2 . The Joker faces the dynamic duo Cesar Romero 's first performance as the Joker three weeks into the series stands as one of its best episodes . Here we saw the Joker break out of jail , erect a statue of himself , pose as Pagliacci and more  in a plot based on one of the classic comic book issues  . It was a tour de force , and he was the first actor to turn the Joker into the role of a lifetime . 3 . The window cameos When celebrities were n't able to be "  special guest villains , " they ended up popping out of a window as Batman and Robin scaled the side of a building . Everyone from Jerry Lewis to Sammy Davis Jr. to Santa Claus turned up there . 4 . Catwoman and Batman 's neverending flirtation Try as she might , Catwoman  played at various times by Julie Newmar , Eartha Kitt and Lee Meriwether  never could seduce Batman into a life of crime . And boy , did she try . And here 's Batman and Robin taking on Catwoman 's henchmen , because no list is complete without a little "  POW ! BIFF ! ZOWIE ! " 5 . Batgirl arrives By season three , the show was on the brink of cancellation and introduced Barbara Gordon , a.k.a. Batgirl . Yvonne Craig -- the first actress to portray a female superhero on live-action TV -- breathed new life into the show for a short time , but sadly , ABC pulled the plug as that season ended .  Legend has it that it was too late for NBC to pick up the show . Of course , it 's tough to narrow it down to five  and the less said about that surfing contest , the better  . What are your favorite parts of the 1960s "  Batman ? "	The 1966 "  Batman " TV series is out on Blu-Ray and DVD The show was a phenomenon when it first aired The series was campy compared with the current Batman in comics , film and TV
CNN  -- The case of two 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing their friend multiple times to impress a fictitious Internet bogeyman raises so many questions for parents : How can we be sure our children can truly separate reality from fantasy ? What are the warning signs that children are confusing the two ? And how on Earth can we keep tabs on everything they 're consuming online ? Police said the girls told them they attacked their friend on Saturday to win favor with Slenderman , a make-believe online character the girls said they learned about on a site called Creepypasta Wiki , which is filled with horror stories . Children of all ages are consumed with fantasy in books and movies such as "  Harry Potter , "  Twilight " and "  The Vampire Diaries , " and do n't seem to have a problem making the distinction between what 's real and what 's not . But a story like this makes any parent wonder : Whoa , maybe my kid does n't get it ? Mary Ellen Cavanagh of Ahwatukee , Arizona , mom to an almost 14-year-old daughter and a 19-year-old son , said she sees the line between fantasy and reality "  thinning drastically among our youth . " "  I worry about it with my own daughter and her friends , " Cavanagh said on Facebook , adding that her daughter and her friends enjoy relatively innocent fantasy shows on television and online . Still , she worries that their "  obsession " could shift to a "  more violent genre at any moment . " "  I think today 's generation has been desensitized by the various forms of media , and we as parents  myself included  have done a piss-poor job giving them proper guidance , " Cavanagh said . Professor Jacqueline Woolley of the University of Texas at Austin 's department of psychology studies children 's thinking and their ability to make distinctions between fantasy and reality . She has found that by the age of 2 1/2 , children understand the categories of what 's real and what 's not , and over time , they use cues to fit things like unicorns , ghosts and Santa Claus into the real and not real boxes . By age 12 , the age of the girls in question in this case , Woolley said , she believes children should have as good an ability to differentiate fantasy from reality as adults . "  I do n't think that a 12-year-old is deficient or is qualitatively different from an adult in their ability to differentiate fantasy from reality , so I do n't think they 're lacking any basic ability to make that distinction at age 12 , " she said . Woolley did suggest , adding that she was purely speculating , that the fact that the frontal lobe of the brain is not fully developed until age 25 could be relevant in this case . The frontal lobe controls what 's called executive functions , which include impulse control and planning in the sense of anticipating all the different aspects of an outcome . "  It may be kind of an inability to hold the potential consequences and reality in mind at the same time as you 're holding potential consequences within your fantasy world in mind , whereas possibly an adult could sort of manage thinking about the consequences of both of those worlds at the same time , " she said . On the other hand , she said , many children can create imaginary worlds and are able to differentiate what 's happening in their make-believe worlds with what 's going on in real life . "  I really do n't think that you can put your finger on a cognitive deficit entirely , " she said about this case . "  I mean it may have played some kind of role , but I think there 's more going on . " When teens are ` temporary sociopaths ' Criminologist Jack Levin , a professor of sociology and criminology at Northeastern University , points to another possible trigger : the relationship between the two girls accused in the stabbing . "  I think it 's the chemistry between these two girls . It was insane . Not in their minds but in their relationship , " said Levin on CNN 's " @This Hour . " It may turn out that one of the girls was more troubled and that caused the relationship to take a tragic turn , he added . "  I call some teenagers and preteens temporary sociopaths , " he said . "  They commit a hideous crime at the age of 12 or 13 that they would n't dare commit if you can get them to the age of 25 , when their brain has developed more and they no longer have this kind of character disorder . And when you put them together with another youngster , you may ask for big trouble . " Linda Esposito , a licensed clinical social worker and psychotherapist in Los Angeles , said she has provided counseling to hundreds of 12-year-olds over the years , treating children in inner-city schools , foster care , protective custody and through private practice . "  And I 've yet to encounter such cold-blooded minds , " said Esposito , who hosts a blog on psychotherapy called Talk Therapy Biz . "  I imagine as the story unfolds , many red flags will be uncovered . Nobody just snaps , not even innocent-looking kids . " The role of media Beyond any issues the girls were facing , their relationship and their ability -- or inability -- to separate reality from fantasy , there is another issue : the media , according to the leader of a watchdog group for children 's media . "  What you see is kids who are at risk for violent actions or depression or anxiety and who feel those feelings more strongly can sometimes be motivated to act on them by images and stories in the media , " said James Steyer , chief executive officer and founder of the nonprofit child advocacy group Common Sense Media . "  I think that the research is clear that there is a correlation between repetitive viewing of violence , for example , and increased aggressive behavior , as well as desensitization to violence , " he said . OPINION : Do violent video games play a role in shootings ? OPINION : Do n't link video games with mass shootings No one is blaming the media , Steyer said , but , "  We 're also not saying it does n't matter , because it does matter . " "  This is an issue and an ongoing issue . It 's been true for many years . In a 24/7 digital media universe , it 's that much more prevalent because it 's so much harder to monitor . " What can parents do ? That raises the question of what parents can do , especially when it seems impossible to know everything our children are doing online . "  Parents have to be involved and proactive before even allowing young children to become active online and must continue to monitor , educate and discuss behavior and situations throughout their teen years , " Anna White Berry said on Facebook . She 's a mom of two in Littleton , Colorado . "  Too many parents take a back seat because they either do n't want to bother learning ` new ' technology and sites or feel like they need to give their children privacy , " she said . Warning signs for parents that their children may be having trouble absorbing what they 're engaging with online , or differentiating fantasy from reality , include withdrawing from real friends , not engaging with other aspects of their lives , self-injury and injury to others , experts say . Steyer of Common Sense Media said the takeaway from this latest tragedy is the need for every parent to talk with their children , but he concedes that is n't always enough . "  I think that the key is you need to have an ongoing dialogue with your kids and learn what they 're doing , and what they 're watching , surfing and playing with and you ca n't always unearth everything , " Steyer said . "  You try to be involved . You try to set context . You try to know , but it 's not easy , " he added . "  You ca n't blame the parents . There 's no one factor involved . There 's no one simple factor . " Do you think the line between reality and fantasy is thinning dramatically for today 's generation ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Two 12-year-olds are accused of stabbing a friend 19 times Police say girls told them the attack was planned to win over a fictitious Internet character 12-year-olds can distinguish between reality and fantasy as well as adults , professor says Warning signs of trouble ? A child not engaging with real life , experts say
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is on course for a comeback double as he bids for two titles at the VTR Open in Chile on Sunday . The 11-time grand slam champion will seek his 37th clay-court crown and 51st overall when he takes on 73rd-ranked Argentine Horacio Zeballos in the singles final at Vina del Mar. . He will then team up with another Argentine , last year 's tournament winner Juan Monaco , in the doubles final against Italy 's Paolo Lorenzi and Potito Starace . "  I 'm really happy with what I 've been doing this week , " said the Spaniard , who has dropped to fifth in the rankings after being sidelined for over seven months due to knee problems . "  I have a good feeling on the court , so I can not ask for anything more . I will try to play better and better every day . " "  I wo n't compare myself to seven months ago , it 's just the first week of competition . It 's a great feeling to be in a final match after so much time without playing . " Nadal 's first real test of the week came in Saturday 's semifinal against 26th-ranked French third seed Jeremy Chardy , but he had no problems in cruising to a 6-2 6-2 victory . "  I played well today , better than the days before , which is important , " he said . Zeballos , meanwhile , reached the second ATP World Tour final of his career -- the other being in St. Petersburg in 2009 -- by beating eighth-seeded compatriot Carlos Berlocq 6-3 7-6  7-4  . Richard Gasquet became the first player to win twice on the ATP Tour this year as he beat compatriot Benoit Paire 6-2 6-3 in Sunday 's final of the Open Sud de France in Montpellier . The 10th-ranked Frenchman has a 14-1 record in 2013 , having won the Qatar title in January before losing in the fourth round of the Australian Open . In other men 's news , Nadal 's great rival Roger Federer will return to action in Rotterdam this week as he defends his World Tennis Tournament title . The world No. 2 , who lost to Andy Murray in the Melbourne semifinals last month , will play 60th-ranked Slovenian Grega Zemlja in his opening match . In women 's action , Petra Kvitova put the Czech Republic into the semifinals of Fed Cup on Sunday , as her 2-6 7-6  7-3  6-4 win over Samantha Stosur gave the two-time defending champions an unbeatable 3-0 lead against Australia in Prague . The 2011 Wimbledon champion saved a match-point at 5-4 down in the second set against that year 's U.S. Open victor Stosur . Kvitova 's teammates Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka then beat Ashleigh Barty and Casey Dellacqua 6-0 7-6  7-1  . The Czechs will next face Italy , who edged the United States 3-2 in Rimini . Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci beat Liezel Huber and Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-2 in the decisive doubles rubber . Russia also went to a decider against Japan before sealing a semifinal clash with Slovakia . Japan leveled at 2-2 in Moscow as home No. 1 Maria Kirilenko was unable to play due to illness , as Ayumi Morita triumphed 6-4 6-1 against stand-in Elena Vesnina , but Ekatarina Makarova bounced back from her Saturday defeat to beat Kimiko Date-Krumm 6-1 6-1 . She then teamed up with Vesnina in a 6-2 6-2 doubles victory over Morita and Misaki Doi . Slovakia took an unbeatable 3-1 lead against last year 's finalists Serbia as Daniela Hantuchova won 6-3 6-2 against Vesna Dolonc .	Former world No. 1 Rafael Nadal reaches singles final in Chile comeback tournament Spaniard will seek his 37th clay-court title as he faces Horacio Zeballos in Vina del Mar Nadal can complete a Chilean conquest in the following doubles final on Sunday Roger Federer to return to action this week as he defends his title in Rotterdam
United Nations  CNN  -- On Tuesday , it was climate change . Wednesday , terrorists . And on Thursday , President Barack Obama confronted yet another emergency that threatens wide destruction overseas : the Ebola outbreak spreading in West Africa . Crisis management has become a hallmark of Obama 's second term , perhaps seen nowhere better than at the annual United Nations General Assembly , where the world 's leaders -- and their attendant calamities -- converge upon New York . Obama 's three main issues here -- climate change , ISIS and Ebola -- each has the potential to rapidly spiral out of control , officials suggest , with the effects of a warming planet already being registered and Americans overseas already being killed both by terrorists with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and by the deadly virus spreading in Africa . Ebola patients left to lie on the ground Hoping to demonstrate to fellow leaders his government 's handle on the problems , Obama said Wednesday that the U.S. "  will not be distracted or deterred from what must be done " when it comes to helping solve the world 's problems . But throughout his 48 hours at the United Nations , Obama made clear he was n't going to take it all on himself . "  We can not do this alone , " he said during remarks at a session on combating Ebola , which has struck three countries in West Africa and prompted a large-scale U.S. military effort to stop its spread . CDC : Ebola cases could reach at least 550,000 by January "  We do n't have the capacity to do all of this by ourselves , " he said , adding , "  I hope I 'm properly communicating the sense of urgency here . Do not stand by thinking that somehow because of what we 've done , that it 's taken care of . It 's not . " That warning of the limits to U.S. power is broadly the same message Obama wanted to deliver on climate change and ISIS , which he focused on this week . Both threats , Obama said at various points , will require coalitions of governments to act rather than the U.S. alone . U.N. Security Council unanimously passes anti-terror resolution "  Nobody gets a pass " when it comes to reducing carbon emissions , Obama said , singling out China as a country that has a "  special responsibility " to figure out ways of emitting fewer gases that scientists believe lead to global warming . As he directs the U.S. to rein in pollution from coal-powered plants , Obama hopes other nations that emit large amounts of carbon will follow along , though commitments from China , India and Russia have been modest . Without firm plans from those countries to reduce carbon use , climate experts say , there 's little hope of turning around warming trends that threaten the global population . Marchers sound urgent call for climate change ahead of U.N. assembly So , too , will the threat from ISIS be contained only through coalition pressure , Obama and his aides maintained at the U.N. "  We can not do this for you " was his message to newly elected Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi during a meeting Wednesday , saying that any resolution to Iraq 's problems could come only from a lasting , inclusive government . The coalition of Arab countries that joined in the U.S. air campaign over Syria -- a victory for Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry -- can help "  de-legitimize " the ideology espoused by ISIS , U.S. officials say , making the group an essential part of Obama 's war plan . "  This is not America 's fight alone , " he said Tuesday before leaving for the global gathering in New York . The long , slow fight against ISIS : Airstrikes , failures on the ground Commitments have been forthcoming , including a unanimous vote at the Security Council for new standards in stemming the flow of foreign fighters . But even that measure will be hard to enforce , underscoring the difficultly in getting even like-minded nations moving in the same direction . "  Resolutions alone will not be enough , " Obama said . "  Promises on paper can not keep us safe . "  The words spoken here today must be matched and translated into action , into deeds -- concrete action , within nations and between them , not just in the days ahead but for years to come . "	Obama made clear at the U.N. that the U.S. is n't going to take the world 's problems alone Obama 's main issues at U.N. -- ISIS , climate change , Ebola -- could spiral out of control "  Resolutions alone will not be enough . Promises on paper can not keep us safe . "
CNN  When Drew Manning stepped out from behind the cardboard cutout of his former fat self on Monday , the audience of "  Good Morning America " was appropriately shocked . The fitness trainer 's journey had come to an end after successfully losing more than 70 pounds -- six months after he purposely gained the same amount . "  Like it never happened , " host George Stephanopoulos said . "  Kind of , " Manning said . Both Manning and his wife , Lynn , can attest that a lot actually has changed in the past year . While Manning 's body may have returned to its six-pack heydays , his mind , in many ways , has not . Always a fitness junkie , staying in shape comes naturally for Manning . He 's that guy at the gym the rest of us love to hate , the one who likes to use his biceps for pumping iron instead of changing channels , and who prefers sucking down a spinach shake to indulging in a brownie sundae . Because of that , Manning was a "  judgmental " trainer , his wife says . "  He would look at someone who was overweight and say , ` They must really be lazy . ' "  I was convinced people used genetics or similar excuses as a crutch , " Manning writes in his new book , "  Fit2Fat2Fit . " "  You either wanted to be healthy or you did n't . " The link between fat and cancer That point of view was n't helping Manning help his clients . When he failed yet again to push someone over to the light side , he knew something was wrong . In order to better understand the struggles his clients were facing , he had to face them himself . He gave up the gym and started consuming junk food , fast food and soda . In just six months , he went from 193 pounds with a 34-inch waist to 265 pounds with a 48-inch waist . Lynn saw the difference in her husband in less time than that . He became lethargic , stopped helping around the house and was less than eager to play with their 2-year-old daughter . "  He was so insecure -- saying ` I 'm so fat . I look so horrible , ' constantly complaining about how he looks , " she said . Manning says he did n't realize the effects of his weight gain would be more than physical . It altered his relationships and his self-confidence . Returning to the gym after the Fit2Fat portion of his journey made him nervous . The fact that he had to do push-ups on his knees was almost humiliating . "  The biggest thing -LSB- I learned -RSB- is that it 's not just about the physical . It 's not just about the meal plan and the workouts and those things . The key is the mental and the emotional issues . I realized those issues are real . " Of course , Manning had his critics . Experts said that his stunt was dangerous . His blood pressure and cholesterol shot up with such dramatic weight gain . But Manning has no regrets . The followers on his website have encouraged him with their own tales of weight loss . A fat girl gets naked "  We see the success stories of people losing all this weight , but it 's more common now , " he says . "  To see someone do it in reverse on purpose -- it 's mind blowing . A balance of craziness and inspiration . " Manning suffered through soda deprivation headaches and food cravings on his way back to fit . The journey was easier for him than for most , he 'll admit , but he 's eager now to provide tips for others to follow in his footsteps . Power walker loses 150 pounds Lynn is just glad to have her husband back , maybe a bit better than he was before . Before Fit2Fat2Fit , the self-described foodie wife would make treats , and Manning would n't even look at them . "  Now he craves them , " she says with a laugh . "  It might be cruel , but I like that . I like that he 's humanized . " CNN 's Ashley Strickland contributed to this story .	Fitness trainer Drew Manning wanted to better understand his clients ' struggles Manning gained 70 pounds on purpose so that he could lose it Back at normal weight , he says the psychological aspect to dropping pounds is important
CNN  -- The Fairfax County , Virginia , health department is investigating a tuberculosis outbreak at an area school after three people tested positive for the potentially fatal bacteria , officials said Thursday . The health department has contacted 430 people who may have been exposed and need to be tested as a result of exposure to the three , the officials said . Health officials declined to say whether the three were students or teachers . They also said they did not know what strain of TB the three contracted . The first case of tuberculosis at Robert E. Lee High School was diagnosed in December 2012 , and the health department opened and completed an investigation , the agency said . But because two more people from the same school were diagnosed with it in June , the department re-opened the December case and is investigating whether they are related . TB bacteria usually attack the lungs , but they can also attack other parts of the body such as the kidneys , spine and brain , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . If not treated properly , TB can be fatal .	Three people tested positive for tuberculosis at Fairfax County school , officials say Health officials have declined to say whether the three are students or teachers The health department has contacted 430 people who they say need to be tested
CNN  -- There are about 500 million Buddhists worldwide , but it 's unclear exactly when in history this religion began . The Buddha 's life story spread first through oral tradition , and little physical evidence about Buddhism 's early years has been found . Now , scientists for the first time have uncovered archaeological evidence of when the Buddha 's monumentally influential life occurred . Excavations in Nepal date a Buddhist shrine , located at what is said to be the Buddha 's birthplace , to the sixth century B.C. . The research , published in the journal Antiquity , describes the remains of a timber structure about the same size and shape as a temple built at the same site in the third century B.C. Archaeologists also found reason to think that a tree grew at the center of this ancient structure , lending support to the traditional story that the Buddha 's mother held onto a tree branch while giving birth to him . "  This is one of those rare occasions when belief , tradition , archaeology and science actually come together , " lead study author Robin Coningham , professor at Durham University in the United Kingdom , said at a press briefing Monday . If this study is correct , the Buddha 's actual life could have overlapped with a popularly recognized time frame of 563-483 B.C. . But lots of other date ranges for the Buddha have been tossed around -- some scholars say 448 to 368 B.C. , for instance .  The UNESCO website about his birthplace says 623 B.C. "  We know the entirety of the shrine sequence started in the sixth century B.C. , and this sheds light on a very long debate , " Coningham said . A place for pilgrims The Lumbini site in Nepal is one of four principal locations that are believed to be connected with the Buddha 's life . Bodh Gaya is where he is became enlightened , Sarnath is where he first preached and Kusinagara is where he died . Lumbini is located in "  a subtropical chain of forests , marshes and grasslands " between Nepal 's border with India and the Siwalik Range of the Himalayas , according to the study . Historical documents from Chinese travelers show that pilgrims made the journey to Lumbini for many centuries . The site was lost and stopped attracting pilgrims after the 15th century -- no one knows why -- but Lumbini was rediscovered in 1896 . It was declared the birthplace of Buddha because of a sandstone pillar there , dating from the third century B.C. . The pillar 's inscription states that Emperor Ashoka visited this site of Buddha 's birth . Scholars say the more modern Maya Devi Temple at Lumbini , named after the mother of Buddha , was constructed on top of the foundations of more than one earlier temple or stupa , which is a dome-shaped Buddhist monument . One of those older temples dates back to the third century B.C. , from the time of Emperor Ashoka . But there 's also evidence of the even earlier temple , which appears to have covered about the same size and shape as the Ashokan temple , Coningham said . The earliest site Beneath remains of the Ashokan temple , archaeologists found a series of postholes from where timber posts had rotted out . "  Indeed , our excavations have demonstrated that the earliest construction at Lumbini appears to have comprised a timber fence or railing marking a cardinal direction , " the study authors wrote . The central , open portion of the most ancient temple appears to have housed a tree , based on the discovery of large fragments of mineralized tree roots . This part of the temple also had never been covered by a roof . To establish the dates of the earliest Buddhist shrine at Lumbini , Coningham and colleagues analyzed charcoal found within postholes , as well as sand . Different techniques used on each of these materials pointed to the same conclusion of the sixth century B.C. , but the postholes indicated a range of about 800 to 545 B.C. "  If the postholes at Lumbini are indicative of a tree shrine , ritual activity could have commenced either during or shortly after the life of the Buddha , " the study authors wrote . Julia Shaw , archaeologist at University College London , applauded the research but noted in an e-mail that other ritual frameworks existed at the same time as early Buddhism , which could complicate the conclusions of the study . "  It would be difficult to determine whether the tree shrine in question was intended for the worship of the Buddha or was part of a distinct cultic context , " she said . But Coningham said that it 's unlikely that this earlier structure belonged to a different spiritual tradition , other than Buddhism , because of the "  continuity " of the site between the sixth century B.C. and third century B.C. structures . The Ashokan temple is clearly Buddhist , and the earlier shrine had the same footprint . "  Often when you have sites of one religious activity overtaken by another , you actually get quite dramatic changes within orientation , within use of structure , " Coningham said . Moreover , before the sixth century B.C. , the area where the site is was just cultivated land , he said . The new archaeological research on the Buddha 's life will be featured in a National Geographic documentary called "  Buried Secrets of the Buddha " premiering in February . The National Geographic Society partly funded the research . Buddhism Fast Facts When Buddha lived Buddha was born as Siddhartha Gautama , in the gardens of Lumbini in Nepal . His parents were wealthy . At age 29 , he renounced his family and became a seeker , Coningham said . According to tradition , Buddha found truth when he sat down under a tree , which is now called the Bo tree . The Buddha happened to be born during a period of dramatic change , Coningham said . Coins were introduced , urbanization was occurring and a merchant class emerged . When the Buddha died at age 80 , he recommended that all Buddhists visit Lumbini , study authors said . Today , more than a million pilgrims visit Lumbini each year . The new research , in uncovering layers of history , adds new dimensions of interest to the site . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Archaeologists have found Buddhist shrine from sixth century B.C. Its remains were found under a known Buddhist shrine , built about 300 years later Results are published in the journal Antiquity The older structure seems to have been made of timber
Five people arrested in the public stoning death of a pregnant Pakistani woman will be taken to an anti-terrorism court , authorities said . Farzana Parveen , 25 , was killed in Lahore because she married a man against her family 's wishes . Police arrested her father , her uncle , two cousins and the driver who brought them to Lahore , said Zulfikar Hameed , the lead investigator in the case . The court is treating the act as an act of terror that has "  wider consequences on the safety and well being of all of society , " according to lawyer Maliha Zia , who works for Aurat Foundation , a Pakistani women 's rights organization . She said she was worried that international pressure may have forced the government to convene an anti-terrorist court in an act of "  show and tell . " "  I hope that the quality of the trial does not go down if it 's sped up , " she said . "  The investigation does not suffer and the trial does not suffer because of the shortened time period . What I 'm hoping for is a better quality trial . " Pakistani police officers will be investigated because they did n't intervene when Parveen was publicly beaten to death with bricks , a court official said . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday called the killing "  totally unacceptable " and said it 's a "  great shame " for such a crime to happen in the presence of police . About 20 people , including members of Parveen 's immediate family , attacked her with bricks Tuesday outside a court building in Lahore , police said . Such killings not uncommon Such killings often originate from tribal traditions in Pakistan but are not a part of Islam . They usually happen in rural areas , not large cities such as Lahore . Human rights activists said bystanders , including police , often do n't intervene because the killings are considered family matters . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said 869 women were victims last year  PDF  in the nation of about 180 million people . They are sometimes called honor killings because the women are accused of bringing dishonor upon the family by having an adulterous affair , being raped or wearing clothes considered revealing . Women 's rights advocates say the actual number may be much higher . The United Nations estimates that at least 5,000 women worldwide die yearly in such killings . The prevalence of violence against women in Pakistan became apparent Thursday when Parveen 's husband , Mohammad Iqbal , revealed to CNN that he killed his first wife six years ago so he could marry Parveen . His son said Iqbal served a year in jail . Iqbal , a neighbor of Parveen 's family , said he and Parveen were supposed to marry with the family 's approval last year . In December , her father and brothers decided Parveen , who came from a village in Punjab , should instead marry a cousin , police said . Opinion : How stoning of a woman riled the world Bride 's family infuriated Parveen and Iqbal eloped and were married January 7 in a court ceremony . But Iqbal told GEO TV that Parveen 's family was infuriated and filed a kidnapping case against him and other members of his family . They also demanded 100,000 rupees  about $ 1,000  , he said . The couple went into hiding and filed statements in court to prove the kidnapping allegations false , Iqbal said . On Tuesday morning , they were scheduled to appear before a judge when Parveen 's family allegedly attacked outside the court building . "  We went to the court to seek justice to tell them what had happened . We were sitting there when all of a sudden they appeared , " he told GEO TV . "  Someone fired shots in the air . My wife and I were sitting , and then bricks were thrown . Then a lady came and took Farzana away . " Police stood and watched and did n't come to their aid , Iqbal said . He said the crowd killed his wife and her fetus . In addition to the prime minister , other officials rushed to denounce the killing . The chief minister of Punjab , Shahbaz Sharif , gave a 24-hour ultimatum to the inspector general to arrest the suspects . He asked that a murder trial be held in an anti-terrorism court . Britsh Foreign Secretary William Hague said , "  There is absolutely no honor in honor killings , and I urge the government of Pakistan to do all in its power to eradicate this barbaric practice . " Sudan woman clings to Christian faith despite death sentence , husband says	Farzana Parveen , 25 , was fatally beaten with bricks She was killed in Lahore because she married a man against her family 's wishes Woman 's father , two cousins , an uncle and a driver are being held
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama embarks on a two-day U.S. road trip Tuesday to assess and amplify his government 's response to two unconnected overseas emergencies -- the Ebola outbreak in Africa and Islamic terrorists in Iraq and Syria . On Tuesday Obama will announce significant new U.S. efforts to combat the Ebola epidemic , which has moved quickly across the western part of Africa and sent governments there scrambling to respond . The plan , which he 'll announce at the Atlanta headquarters of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , includes new military assistance to the region and an increase in trained medical professionals sent to help . On Wednesday , Obama heads further south to assess his mission against ISIS at U.S. Central Command in Tampa , Florida . Ebola 's spread is unrelated to the U.S. mission to degrade ISIS terrorists in Iraq and Syria . But both have prompted worry among Americans about their personal safety and led to charges the White House is n't doing enough to combat the hazards . The dual foreign plagues have yet to pose an immediate threat to the United States homeland , the White House says , though each has claimed the lives of Americans abroad . And officials say both Ebola and ISIS could grow to become unmanageable problems if action is n't taken now to stamp them out . The President 's stop Tuesday at the CDC comes amid escalating criticism from health experts on the global response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa , where almost 2,500 people have died . At the U.S. public health agency Obama will be briefed on the outbreak and speak to officials there about how the U.S. is responding . Afterwards he 'll announce new U.S. commitments in combating the virus ' spread . Working through the Defense Department , the U.S. will plan and construct treatment centers that could house up to 1,700 beds , administration officials said . With a U.S. general leading the effort from Liberia 's capital of Monrovia , American military personnel in the region could increase by 3,000 . Medics and other uniformed professionals will work to train up to 500 health care workers per week in identifying and caring for people with Ebola . The U.S. government also hopes to send 400,000 treatment kits with sanitizer and other items to at-risk homes , an attempt to contain the disease . Public health campaigns will be broadcast through existing networks in the countries most affected by the virus : Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . Officials hope a more coordinated logistical situation on the ground , put in place by the United States , will encourage other nations to step up their own efforts in fighting Ebola , which experts worry could spread even more rapidly if more is n't done now to contain it . "  We 've seen dozens of cases turn into hundreds , then hundreds turn into thousands , " one U.S. administration official said . "  If we do not arrest that growth , and do n't arrest that growth now , we could be looking at hundreds of thousands of cases . " Epidemiologists and others who are monitoring the disease have claimed developed countries like the United States have n't sent enough resources to the region , and U.S. officials acknowledge that Tuesday 's announcement reflects the fact that more needs to be done to stop Ebola 's spread . The U.S. has committed more than $ 100 million in the effort to combat Ebola , according to the U.S. Agency for International Development , and Obama plans to call on Congress to approve an additional $ 88 million as part of a bill to fund the federal government . Last week USAID said it would spend $ 75 million to build treatment facilities and supply them with medical equipment . The Pentagon says it 's working to shift $ 500 million of currently not yet obligated funds toward the Ebola effort . The efforts of the United States -- deemed more extensive than any previous U.S. response to an epidemic -- have so far been unable to stop the spread of the deadly virus , which Obama and White House officials are calling a national security problem . Particularly concerning , U.S. officials say , is the potential for instability in the countries where Ebola is rampant and the possibility for the virus to mutate into a more dangerous form . Ebola currently only transmits though contact with bodily fluids ; a mutation that allows the virus to spread through the air would pose a catastrophic threat to human populations worldwide , health experts say . Speaking Monday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said there was still a "  very low " likelihood the Ebola virus could mutate in a way that poses a threat to the United States . "  Right now , the risk of an Ebola outbreak in the United States is very low , but that risk would only increase if there were not a robust response on the part of the United States , " Earnest said . The potential for increased risk to the U.S. homeland has also inspired the more robust response to ISIS terrorists , who Obama announced last week would be the target of an air campaign inside Iraq and Syria . That mission is run from U.S. Central Command in Tampa , where Obama will receive a briefing on battle plans Wednesday . The White House said the President would also visit servicemen and women during his stop at the facility . Obama and his aides maintain that ISIS fighters do n't currently pose a direct threat to the U.S. homeland but warn of the potential for militants with U.S. or Western passports to return home and stage an attack remains a top concern . Secretary of State John Kerry has been engaging Arab and European nations in building a coalition to fight ISIS , though levels of commitment from foreign partners has remained vague .	U.S. significantly increasing support to Ebola response in Africa Military planning facilities that could house 1,700 additional beds Obama announcing new military support at the CDC Tuesday White House facing unconnected Ebola and ISIS crises
Washington  CNN  -- Royal Caribbean 's Oasis of the Seas cruise ship has rescued 23 Cubans found floating in a boat , the cruise line said . The cruise ship was on a seven-night voyage from Port Everglades , Florida , to Cozumel , Mexico . In waters south of Cuba , near the Cayman Islands , the ship encountered a small boat carrying 19 male and four female Cuban citizens Wednesday . The rescue was videotaped by passengers aboard the ship . Once the Cubans were on board , the Royal Caribbean crew gave them food , water and medical attention . A spokesman for the cruise line said none of the their injuries was serious , and the crew performed "  basic medical treatment . " The cruise liner alerted the U.S. Coast Guard , which advised the ship to continue to Cozumel and disembark all refugees in Mexico . The Coast Guard says that because the ship picked up the refugees outside of U.S. territorial waters , it requested that Oasis of the Seas turn over the group of Cubans at the ship 's next port of call , which was Cozumel . One of the largest cruise ships sailing today , Oasis of the Seas has a capacity of almost 6,300 passengers and 2,200 crew members .	Royal Caribbean 's Oasis of the Seas was on a 7-night trip from Florida to Mexico Ship rescued 19 male , 4 female Cuban citizens Wednesday in a boat near the Cayman Islands Crew gave them food , water and medical attention ; injuries not serious , spokesman says U.S. Coast Guard advised ship to continue to Cozumel and disembark refugees in Mexico
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- The suspect in Saturday 's shooting at an Arizona supermarket has had some contacts with law enforcement , the Pima County Sheriff 's Department 's lead investigator said Wednesday , but none so alarming that authorities were concerned about what he might do . Pima County Sheriff 's Bureau Chief Richard Kastigar said that speculation law enforcement had enough information about Jared Loughner to stop the shooting is "  completely untrue . " "  I could n't underscore that more , " Kastigar told CNN 's "  John King USA . " "  The events that led up to what happened Saturday as they relate to law enforcement contact really do not add up in their totality to anything that would cause a police officer to say . ` This guy is going to go out there and shoot 20 people . ' There 's nothing there , " Kastigar said . The law enforcement contacts included episodes of underaged drinking and possessing drug paraphernalia , which Kastigar described as "  very minor occurrences or interactions with law enforcement . " Kastigar also said investigators had found no evidence Loughner followed up on suggestions from Pima College officials that he seek mental health help for behavioral problems . Six people were killed in the shooting on Saturday and 13 others -- including Rep. Gabrielle Giffords -- were wounded . Giffords , whom police said was the target of the shooting , remains in critical condition but her doctors have been pleased with her progress . Loughner , 22 , appeared in a Phoenix federal courtroom Monday to formally hear the charges against him -- including two counts of murder , two counts of attempted murder and one count of attempting to kill a member of Congress . He is now in federal custody . And on Wednesday , the Ninth Circuit Courts designated a district judge in California to hear Loughner 's federal case . Judge Larry Burns is a 2003 Bush appointee serving in the U.S. District Court for Southern California , based in San Diego . The next scheduled federal hearing in the case is January 24 in Phoenix . All federal judges in Arizona have recused themselves from hearing the case . The chief federal judge in Arizona -- Judge John Roll of Tucson -- was among those killed in the Saturday shooting . Kastigar said that investigators are looking for a black bag Loughner was carrying early Saturday morning when he had a brief discussion with his father , Randy Loughner , in the Loughners ' front yard , Kastigar said . "  The father asked him questions similar to ` What are you doing ? What is that ? ' and Jared mumbled something back to his dad , and his dad said he did n't understand what was said , " Kastigar said . "  It was unintelligible , and then Jared left . " The elder Loughner got in his vehicle and tried to follow his son , but could not find him , Kastigar said . Kastigar said that investigators found "  a locked box of some kind and within that box was an envelope and a piece of paper and hand-scrawled on those pieces of paper were a few phrases . " "  Die cop , " "  die bitch " and "  assassination plans have been made " were among the phrases , he said . One of the pieces of paper found in the box was a letter from Giffords thanking Loughner for attending a 2007 event , he said . Mark Hart , spokesman for the Arizona Game and Fish Department , said Loughner was stopped by an officer for running a red light at 7:30 a.m. on the day of the shooting . He was given a verbal warning and released . Kastigar added that investigators are now certain that Loughner acted alone . A "  person of interest " they had been seeking identified himself to police . He turned out to be a taxi driver who dropped off the suspect at the shopping center , Kastigar said . Loughner 's parents said Tuesday they do not know why the shooting occurred and that they were "  very sorry " for the loss felt by victims ' families . "  There are no words that can possibly express how we feel . We wish that there were , so we could make you feel better . We do n't understand why this happened , " the family said in its statement . "  It may not make any difference , but we wish that we could change the heinous events of Saturday . We care very deeply about the victims and their families . We are so very sorry for their loss . " After the shooting , attendees at the Giffords event tackled Loughner and held him down until law enforcement arrived . The Pima County Sheriff 's Department said Loughner used a Glock 19 with a magazine that held 31 rounds -- all of which were recovered at the scene . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report	NEW : Loughner 's father asked him about a black bag he was carrying Saturday morning NEW : "  Assassination plans have been made " was written on paper in a locked box U.S. District Court Judge Larry Burns is designated to hear Loughner 's case
CNN  -- Estimates for the amount of thick sludge that gushed from a Tennessee coal plant last week have tripled to more than a billion gallons , as cleanup crews try to remove the goop from homes and railroads and halt its oozing into an adjacent river . TVA officials originally said the cleanup would take four to six weeks . Now they say they are n't sure . The sludge , a byproduct of the ash from coal combustion , was contained at a retention site at the Tennessee Valley Authority 's power plant in Kingston , about 40 miles west of Knoxville . The retention wall breached early Monday , sending the sludge downhill and damaging 15 homes . All the residents were evacuated , and three homes were deemed uninhabitable , according to the TVA . TVA 's initial estimate for the spill was 1.8 million cubic yards or more than 360 million gallons of sludge . By Friday , the estimate reached 5.4 million cubic yards or more than 1 billion gallons -- enough to fill 1,660 Olympic-size swimming pools . Environmental advocates say the ash contains concentrated levels of mercury and arsenic . The plant sits on a tributary of the Tennessee River called the Clinch River . At least 300 acres of land has been coated by the sludge , a bigger area than the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill . A spokesman for TVA , a federal corporation and the nation 's largest public power company , said the agency has never experienced a spill of this magnitude . "  There 's a lot of ash there , " spokesman John Moulton said Friday . "  We are taking this very seriously . It is a big cleanup project , and we 're focused on it 24 hours a day . " Initial TVA estimates put the cleanup timeline at four to six weeks , but Moulton said the agency will no longer say how long it expects the effort to take . Environmentalists say it could take months or even years to clean up the mess . Video footage showed sludge as high as 6 feet , burying porches and garage doors . The slide also downed nearby power lines , though the TVA said power had been restored to the area . An estimated 78,000 cubic yards , or 15.7 million gallons , of sludge covered local railroad tracks and Swan Pond Road . Chris Copeland 's backyard is covered with the sludge , though it did n't damage his house . "  We have a terrible mess in our backyard , " he told CNN 's "  Newsroom . " "  I ca n't begin to imagine how much of an effort it is going to take to clean this mess up . It is incredible how much ash , dirt , earth , trees and debris is behind our house and then covering this neighborhood . " Bulldozers and heavy machinery have been on the scene of the spill since Monday , scooping up the thick gray goop that downed power lines , trees and broke a water main , forcing a temporary boil order on residents . Footage from the Clinch River , a popular fishing site , reveals piles of dead fish on its banks . TVA said that has nothing to do with the toxicity of the sludge . "  What happened -- when you have a surge of ash , that created a wave to push the fish up and onto land , " Moulton said . "  When the water receded , there were dead fish . They were n't killed by any toxic chemicals , they were stranded by the wave . " He noted that water quality tests from the nearby water treatment facility have shown that the water from the river intake meets federal and state guidelines for potable water . But critics of the coal operation remain concerned about the long-term effects of the spill . "  The early results are showing that it is not in the drinking water yet , but it is a fluid situation and the stuff is still not properly contained and concentrations can change over time , " said Stephen Smith of CleanEnergy.org . He said people can still be exposed as the sludge dries and goes airborne in dust . He said the spill underscores the need for the federal Environmental Protection Agency to regulate the containment of coal ash and accused TVA of underplaying the Tennessee spill . "  You have acute problems we are dealing with today , but we 'll have chronic problems for a long time , " Smith said . "  This whole area has been devastated environmentally . " Appalachian environmentalists compare the mess to another spill eight years ago in eastern Kentucky , where the bottom of a coal sludge impoundment owned by Massey Energy broke into an abandoned underground mine , oozing more than 300 million gallons of coal waste into tributaries . The water supply for more than 25,000 residents was contaminated , and aquatic life in the area perished . It took months to clean up the spill . "  If the estimates are correct , this spill is 1 1/2 times bigger , " said Dave Cooper , an environmental advocate with the Mountaintop Removal Road Show , a traveling program that explains the impact of an extreme form of mining . CNN 's Samira J. Simone contributed to this report .	Cleanup crew works to keep sludge from coal plant out of river EPA estimates spill is three times worse than thought 15 homes damaged , three called uninhabitable Environmental groups say sludge contains mercury , arsenic
Nigeria is not renowned for its golfers , or its golf clubs . Most of its population of 170 million can not afford to play a sport that is , in most countries around the world , the domain of the moneyed classes . Golf is , however , a measure of a society 's aspirations -- and one Nigerian province is aiming high with a development that could mark it as an international destination . "  An up-to-date standard golf course becomes relevant in an economy like ours in Nigeria , that is growing rapidly , " Cross River State 's governor Liyel Imoke told CNN . "  We now see a new emerging middle class , what they used to call the yuppie class . The yuppie generation is here , and they play golf . If Calabar has something to offer , and they come to Calabar , then the people in Calabar benefit from that expenditure . " In the 18th century , Cross River State 's capital Calabar was at the center of the African slave trade , with over a million people shipped across the Atlantic from its ports . It now describes itself as the "  People 's Paradise , " due to its lush surrounding rainforest and the picturesque Great Kwa River that borders the east of the city . And in the middle of this jungle , in an old rubber plantation , its government has committed $ 200 million to develop a golf complex that will help boost the region 's economic growth . "  This is part of a wider development , including a conference center , hotel down on the river and some housing , " says Tim Lobb , a golf architect with Thomson , Perrett & Lobb , the firm overseeing the design and construction of the course . "  The vision from the governor was to create an international destination for Nigerians . We 're starting the golf course off in an old rubber plantation . We do n't try to clear the whole forest ; we selectively clear the golfing corridor . "  What we 're trying to do is create a golf course that will look like it 's been here for a long time . " Environmental impact ? However , some environmentalists are concerned that the construction of golf courses in Cross River State could be damaging to the tropical rainforests that stretch through the region . They are home to endangered species such as the Drill Monkey , and conservation groups believe the natural beauty of the region should be the focus of development , not sport . "  This state has something that is unique , " says Peter Jenkins , co-founder of the Pandrillus Foundation , a non-profit trust which seeks to protect wildlife . "  We have a forest that no other place in the country has , and we should be very careful that our development goals do not in any way harm the resource that makes it a paradise . " The Cross River State forestry commission describes the region as the "  environmental capital of Nigeria " on its website . "  We pride ourselves as a biodiversity hotspot , and we want to maintain that , " commission CEO Odigha Odigha told CNN . "  Our development should be based very seriously on the niche that we have , which is the rainforest . " Growing the game There are only about 200,000 golfers in Nigeria , an oil-rich nation which has high levels of poverty . There is just one 18-hole golf course in Cross River State , and it is far from a luxury resort -- with its putting greens made of dirt , not grass . Lobb arranged for golf 's main ruling body , the R&A , to donate 20 sets of clubs after hearing that kids hit balls around with sticks . Its club pro Peter Simon , who started out as a caddy for one of the members , partly relies on funds from a mentor to be able to play in Nigeria 's few tournaments . "  Most of the big players in Nigeria get help from sponsors , " he said . Across the state border in Akwa Ibom , Uyo is the home of Le Meridien -- a much more upmarket golf club managed by global sports group IMG . It stages amateur and pro events run under its own initiative as there is no official tour structure in Nigeria . "  There are not as many tournaments as we would like , perhaps 10 per annum , " a golf professional named Michael told CNN . His colleague Emmanuel added : "  We need teachers to concentrate on bringing these young boys who will take over from us , because most of the time they concentrate on playing events . " Nigerian golf needs an overhaul the grassroots up to the top , says Le Meridien 's general manager Sam Logan . "  We need to get the PGA of Nigeria stronger , " he told CNN . "  We need to get the Nigerian Golf Federation organized . Every other amateur body of golf around the world controls the amateur golf -- here there is no control . " Future generations In the capital Lagos , home to 17 million people , there is a new premier golf development called Lakowe Lakes "  When you look at the trajectory of growth of golf as a sport in Nigeria , I think for many years to come will outstrip supply , " says managing director Wale Odutola . "  As more facilities like this , which are of championship standard , come up then it becomes an easier sell for corporates to get involved in the project . " Also in Lagos , the established Ikoyi golf club is leading the way in creating new generations of golfers . It started a juniors program four years ago which has led to graduates playing in overseas events . "  The most important thing is to catch many children , so that they are interested and we can improve the quality of membership in golf , " says its club captain Ebi Pinnick . Cross River State 's government has already moved to encourage more youngsters to take up the sport . "  I 've given approval for them to recruit new coaches at the existing facility , " Imoke said . "  We 've introduced programs for training in golf at our secondary schools and I believe that it is catching on . We believe it is important we build a culture of golf . "	Nigeria 's Cross River State government is investing $ 200 million in a golf resort It wants to attract tourists and help the game grow in the region There are concerns Nigeria 's tropical rainforest will suffer Golf is struggling to establish itself in the oil-rich nation , which has high poverty
CNN  -- A Las Vegas resort is warning some former guests that they may have come in contact with high levels of the legionella bacteria , which causes Legionnaires ' disease , a form of pneumonia , the hotel announced Thursday . The Aria Resort and Casino in Las Vegas is telling guests who stayed at the Aria from June 21 to July 4 , 2011 , that they may need to be tested for the bacteria , according to a letter to guests from Paul Berry , the hotel operations ' vice president . Water tests at that time indicated high levels of the bacteria in several guest rooms . The hotel -- part of a vast collection of hotel rooms , condominiums and its own shopping center in Las Vegas ' CityCenter -- has been connected in the past with six cases of Legionnaires ' disease , said the Southern Nevada Health District . The district identified the six cases beginning in the spring of 2010 , said Jennifer Sizemore , a manager at the health district . The hotel regularly inspects their water supply with a series of tests ; the health district only gets involved when there are cases of illness or elevated levels of bacteria reported , said Sizemore . The health district contacted the hotel after the first reported case and "  inspected their water system ... they had everything in place that needed to be , " said Sizemore . "  There was n't evidence at that time that indicated they had  the bacteria  . " From the six reported cases of Legionnaires ' disease , all six had healthy recoveries , said Sizemore . Guests before the reported window of June 21 to July 4 are past the incubation period of the bacteria , so any symptoms they would 've shown are past , said Sizemore . The usual symptoms of Legionnaires ' disease include fever , chills , muscle aches and headaches , which are similar to pneumonia , so the disease may be difficult to diagnose , according to the health district . The hotel advised guests who have experienced these symptoms to seek medical attention . Symptoms show up between two to 14 days after exposure and it is contracted through exposure to contaminated water or when an individual breathes in a mist or vapor , the health district said . The health district said the bacteria is found most usually in water , such as hot and cold water taps , hot water tanks and water from air-conditioning systems . It ca n't be acquired through contact with people , said the health district . "  We 're working to replace fear and anxiety with facts and information , " said Gordon Absher , vice president of public affairs for MGM Resorts International , which runs the Aria resort . The most recent tests indicate the bacteria was not present in any detectable way , but tests will continue , Berry said . The Aria , completed in 2009 , is a 4,004-room , 568-suite resort that also has an on-site casino and spa .	A Las Vegas resort is contacting guests who may have encountered bacteria Six cases of Legionnaires ' disease from 2010 have been identified from the hotel Symptoms of the disease include fever , chills and headaches
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A Maoist group has claimed responsibility for the killing of a Hindu leader , whose death sparked a wave of Hindu-Christian riots in southern India . Indian nuns protest against the recent violence which has seen Christians attacked . Sabyasachi Panda , the head of the Communist Party of India-Maoist , told reporters of two private television stations that his group was behind the Hindu leader 's death , the country 's national news agency said Sunday . The leader , Laxmananda Saraswati , preached the tenets of Hinduism to the tribal people of the state . And Panda said Maoists had earlier warned him to desist from "  such works " or face consequences , PTI said . Panda said the Maoists killed Saraswati because he was "  spreading social unrest " in the tribal area , the news agency said . The Indian government has consistently claimed the shooting death may have been the work of Maoist rebels . But hardline Hindu groups blamed the state 's Christian minority for Saraswati 's death . He and four others were killed in August when 20 to 30 gunmen barged into a Hindu school and began shooting . Afterward , police arrested five Christians as suspects in the case . The hardliners held up the arrests as proof of Christian complicity . They took to the streets in anger , rampaging through predominantly Christian neighborhoods , ransacking shops and torching houses . A Christian orphanage was set on fire . A 20-year-old woman , who was teaching children inside , burned to death . Christian resident fought back , and the clashes spread . The communal violence left churches and temples razed to the ground . More than 20 people died , and hundreds were arrested . Even after the Maoists ' claim of responsibility , some fundamentalist Hindu groups blamed Christians for the death . The hardline Vishwa Hindu Parishad , or World Hindu Council rejected the claim saying the communist group -- known as ` Naxals ' -- did not have a religious agenda . "  Have the Maoists started fighting in the name of God now ? " VHP leader Subansh Chauhan was quoted as saying by CNN-IBN , CNN 's sister network . The rebels , who claim to be fighting for the poor and the dispossessed , have been battling the government in an insurgency that has resulted in thousands of casualties since the late 1960s . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has called Naxalism India 's biggest security threat . Last year , more than 800 people were killed in Naxal-related violence across the country , according to local media reports . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Maoist group claims responsibility for killing of Hindu leader His death sparked a wave of Hindu-Christian riots in southern India India 's PM has called the Maoists the country 's biggest security threat
CNN  -- A drive to turn China 's only tropical island into a golfing haven is causing uproar among environmental groups . Luxury golf resorts are springing up in all corners of Hainan as the local government steps up its campaign to transform the island into the Hawaii of the east . The biggest project is Mission Hills Hainan , a vast undertaking that when finished will have at least 10 courses and cover an area nearly one and a half times the size of Manhattan . Environmentalists are alarmed by the potentially damaging effects of golf course construction on an island featuring rainforests , mountains , volcanoes and more than 300 endangered species . "  Where does this begin and where does it end ? " said Jonathan Smith , chief executive of the Golf Environment Organization , a non-governmental organization aimed at promoting sustainable golf . "  What level of economic development can Hainan sustain while still having functioning ecosystems ? You have to set a threshold on the level of development that can hit a region otherwise you will simply destroy its natural and cultural aspects , " Smith told CNN . Golf development in Hainan has gone into overdrive since January , when the state announced plans to make the island an international tourist destination by 2020 , sparking a full-scale property boom . Clearwater Bay Golf Club is planning to compliment its three courses with a six or seven star hotel , while Yalong Bay Golf Club has bought the land to open a second course . But those developments are dwarfed by the scale of Mission Hills , where there are three courses , a 525-room hotel , 11 restaurants and plans for three conference rooms , three shopping malls and a spa . In October , Hollywood actors including Hugh Grant and Matthew McConaughey will join multiple major winners Greg Norman and Nick Faldo for the Mission Hills Star Trophy , with the winner set to scoop $ 1.28 million . The sheer scale of development has also raised eyebrows at international environmental activists Greenpeace . "  Because Hainan is known for its vast and dense rainforest , it is very important to China and to the world , " Yi Lan , a forest campaigner for Greenpeace China , told CNN . "  Any large-scale construction of golf courses would damage the local ecosystem . "  We are very concerned about the rapid development of golf courses in Hainan and we think the local government should take strong measures to ensure the golf projects do not damage the local ecosystems . " Dan Washburn , a China-based journalist who has visited the Mission Hills complex in Hainan , says although the development mostly occupies an area designated as wasteland , fruit trees have been uprooted and local residents displaced from their homes . He told CNN : "  I met with the head of a local environmental group who thought he had secured rights to open up a forest park on part of the land . They had worked for years to get approvals from the government and local village groups . "  Then , all of a sudden , they were told their plans had been shelved . They soon found out the reason why . It was because of the Mission Hills project . " Mission Hills , which also owns a massive 12-course golf complex in Shenzhen on the Chinese mainland , say their Hainan project has created thousands of jobs and was subject to stringent environmental impact assessments . "  Mission Hills has always strived to balance economic benefits to the community with proper stewardship of the environment , " Dr Ken Chu , Group Executive Vice Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer of the Mission Hills Group , told CNN by email . "  By incorporating low-density development with vast open-space greenbelts , our current project in Haikou has transformed a barren , lava-rock landscape into an economically productive community . " Their claims are backed up by the local government , with spokesman Mr. Zhao telling CNN that the location of the complex followed "  careful " investigation . "  Therefore , the project will not pollute the environment , " he said . But those statements are not enough to pacify environmental groups , with Greenpeace vowing to investigate the case . "  You have to say that the Mission Hills developments have been high-impact in environmental terms , " says Smith . "  You ca n't deny that when there 's the level of earth-shifting and movement of land form that there has been in the previous development . It 's large-scale and each development could n't really be defined as light touch . "  Then you have the longer-term concerns over where does the water come from , where does the energy come from ? Is it all fossil fuels ? How much energy is required to desalinate or treat the sewage water ? " Shane Templeton , a golf course consultant on Hainan for six years , says the sport can bring huge benefits to the island 's economy if it is kept in balance with the local infrastructure . "  Golf is great for Hainan and it 's a vehicle for bringing a lot of foreign exchange , but it 's got to be done carefully and within reason , " he told CNN . "  I do n't know who is regulating these people . You do n't want 50 golf courses but no buses and no sewage systems -- it 's got to grow together with everything . " Smith wants to see an end to the clandestine culture surrounding golf course construction in China . "  What we would like to see is more transparency , " he said . "  We would like to see the government 's plans for the levels of development in Hainan clearly depicted so that people can understand the levels and type of development that are likely to take place in such regions . " "  There comes a point , particularly on an island setting , where too much development puts too much pressure on the natural resources , and the cultural heritage and the landscape of that particular region . "	Hainan is at the center of an environmental row over development of golf courses Mission Hills has three courses , a 525-room hotel , restaurants and plans for shopping malls Greenpeace alarmed by trend on island which has rainforests and rare species Golf Environment Organization calls for transparency over course development
Russia called for "  stability and order " in neighboring Ukraine on Wednesday as thousands of protesters kept up their demonstrations against the government in Kiev . Speaking to a visiting Ukrainian delegation in Russia , Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev told Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Yuriy Boyko that Moscow was watching the events that have plunged its neighbor , whom he called an important strategic partner to Russia , into a political crisis . "  We 're watching what 's happening in your country . It 's an internal affair of Ukraine , though it 's really important to have stability and order there , " he said , according to Russian news agency RIA Novosti . Thousands of demonstrators kept up the pressure on the Ukrainian government Wednesday , tightening their blockade of key Cabinet offices , angry about its U-turn away from integration with Europe . In the biggest protests since Ukraine 's Orange Revolution nine years ago , they have also stayed put in the main Independence Square as they demand new elections . Prime Minister Mykola Azarov , who survived an opposition bid to topple his government in parliament Tuesday , has called for a peaceful resolution to the crisis . "  We are open to dialogue , we are ready to discuss with peaceful demonstrators all terms of our agreements , " he told parliament Tuesday , according to a government website . Azarov said he was extending his hand to the opposition but warned that he was working from a position of strength : "  If we find a fist , I say frankly , we have enough forces . " Azarov said the government is supported by most Ukrainians , who want the government to restore order "  and continue the course to democratic transformation , to European integration . " But opposition leaders Vitaly Klitschko and Arseniy Yatsenyuk have called on President Viktor Yanukovich , currently on a trip to China , to sack the Prime Minister and his government by executive order . Klitschko , who gained fame as a boxer , vowed that the opposition would make sure its demands were met . Among those demands was for someone to be held responsible for the violence against the demonstrators , he said . "  It 's not enough to tell just ` sorry , ' it happens , ' " Klitschko told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  How many times do we have to listen to that ? " The battle over Ukraine : Towards a new geopolitical game Blockades Since the weekend , tens of thousands of protesters have been descending on the capital 's Independence Square to voice their anger , and demonstrations show no signs of abating . The crowds have blocked the government 's main headquarters , preventing employees from going to work . Some have also taken their protest to Yanukovich 's office building . The scenes are reminiscent of the 2004 Orange Revolution -- a populist movement that booted Yanukovich , then Prime Minister , from office . "  I hope they  the demonstrators  will be able to keep this up , " Volodymyr Valkov , 26 , told CNN , speaking from the western town of Lviv , where he said protesters had taken to the streets as well . "  The Orange Revolution has provided for things to happen . " The protests have been largely peaceful , though violence flared Sunday when demonstrators using a bulldozer were met with stun guns and tear gas as they tried to push through barricades at the President 's administration building . That night , police chased and beat protesters with batons . Dozens were hurt on both sides . NATO has condemned the use of violence against the demonstrators and called on all parties to refrain from violence . "  Obviously we fully respect Ukrainian decisions on their alliance affiliations and to which organizations they want to belong or with which organizations they want to cooperate , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . "  But I would expect such decision-making processes to be truly democratic . " In Brussels , Belgium , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there was "  very powerful evidence " that Ukrainians want to be associated with the European Union . "  We stand with the vast majority of the Ukrainians who want to see this future for their country , " he told reporters . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland is to visit Ukraine on Wednesday , he said , adding that he himself was looking forward to visiting the country "  when it too gets back on the path of European integration and economic responsibility . " Yanukovich told reporters on Monday he supports a peaceful resolution to the "  questions brought on by our citizens . " But he also warned his opponents : "  As for the politicians participating in this , I consider any radicalization of the political process will only have negative consequences . " As the protests grip the nation -- split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east , Ukraine 's central bank said it would seek to maintain financial stability . In a video statement , National Bank of Ukraine chairman Ihor Sorkin urged depositors to have confidence in the banking system and not withdraw their savings . Opinion : Beware Russia 's power play in Ukraine The cause of the protests At the heart of the protests is Ukraine 's about-face after a year of insisting that it would sign a political and trade agreement with the European Union . Last month , Kiev suspended talks with the EU , angering many Ukrainians , who say the agreement would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . Chief among Yanukovich 's reasons for backpedaling was Russia 's opposition to it . Russia threatened its neighbor with trade sanctions and steep gas bills if it forged ahead with an EU deal , but promised deep discounts on natural gas if it were to join the Moscow-led Customs Union instead . Yanukovich was also facing an EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : Free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his political opponent . The Orange Revolution that swept him from office also swept Tymoshenko to power . Two years ago , she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison in a case widely seen as politically motivated . Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment . Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed the protests Monday , saying they are unrelated to Ukraine 's turn away from the European Union . He called them reminiscent of a "  pogrom " rather than a revolution and an effort by the opposition to destabilize the government , RIA Novosti said . Yanukovich on Monday asked the European Commission to receive a Ukrainian delegation to discuss "  some aspects " of the agreement Kiev had been expected to sign , according to a statement from Brussels . Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso acceded to the request but noted that the commission was not prepared "  to reopen any kind of negotiations . "	Russia says it is watching events in Ukraine It says the protests in Ukraine are an "  internal matter " but calls for "  stability and order " Thousands of protesters are still in the streets of Kiev They oppose Ukraine 's about-face on EU trade deal and want new elections
CNN  -- Dolly Parton suffered minor injuries in a traffic crash at a Nashville intersection on Monday , according to the singer and police . "  I was in a fender bender this morning , here in Nashville , " Parton , 67 , said in a Twitter posting . "  But I am all good . Just a little tired and sore , resting at home . " A Nashville police statement blamed the driver of another vehicle with failing to yield to the SUV in which Parton was riding as a front-seat passenger . Parton and the driver of her Nissan Xterra , 68-year-old Judy Ogle , were taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center for treatment of minor injuries , the police report said . Parton and Ogle have been close friends since elementary school , according to previous interviews . Diane Lish , 64 , of Old Hickory , Tennessee , was taken to another hospital for treatment . Lish was behind the wheel of the Mitsubishi Diamante that crashed into Parton 's vehicle , police said . None of the injuries appeared serious , police said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Parton tweets : "  I was in a fender bender this morning " Police blame the driver of another vehicle with failing to yield to Parton 's SUV Parton 's longtime friend Judy Ogle was driving None of the injuries appeared serious , police say
CNN  -- Two people were killed and around 100 were injured when a magnitude 5.4 earthquake struck central Serbia overnight , the Ministry of Internal Affairs said Wednesday . The earthquake happened at 1:56 a.m.  just before 9 p.m. ET  . The epicenter was near the city of Kraljevo , about 80 miles south of the capital , Belgrade . Serbia 's interior minister visited Kraljevo Wednesday to inspect the damage . Many buildings were damaged , including the hospital in Kraljevo , but no patients were hurt , the ministry said , adding parts of the city were without electricity or water .	Around 100 were injured The quake happened just before 2 a.m.  9 p.m. ET Its epicenter was in central Serbia
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The United States on Sunday accused Russia of trying to overthrow the government of the former Soviet republic of Georgia , where Russian troops have been battling Georgian forces over the breakaway territory of South Ossetia . Zalmay Khalilzad , U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , alleges a Russian official said Georgia 's president "  must go . " At an emergency session of the United Nations ' Security Council , the U.S. alleged Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice that Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili "  must go . " "  This is completely unacceptable and crosses a line , " said the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , Zalmay Khalilzad , who made the allegation . In a crackling exchange of a type rarely seen since the end of the Cold War , Khalilzad asked Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin whether the Russians were seeking "  regime change " in Georgia with the military operation they launched Friday . In response , Churkin objected to the disclosure of a confidential phone call between top diplomats and said "  regime change " was "  an American expression . " The term was one the Bush administration used to describe its goals in the 2003 invasion of Iraq , which Russia opposed . But Churkin said some leaders "  become an obstacle " to their own people , and "  some situations take courageous decisions with regard to the political future . " "  Sometimes there are democratically elected or semi-democratically elected leaders who do things which create grave problems for their countries , " Churkin told reporters after the meeting . "  So sometimes , those leaders should contemplate how useful they have become to their people . " The pro-Western Saakashvili came to power in Georgia 's "  Rose Revolution " in 2003 and was elected president in 2004 and 2008 . His government has strong U.S. backing , has contributed troops to the American-led war in Iraq and applied for membership in NATO . Georgia 's ambassador , Irakli Alasania , said Churkin 's meaning was clear enough . "  For me , it confirms that what the Russian Federation is seeking through this military aggression and invasion is to change the democratically elected Georgian government , " Alasania said . Khalilzad said the United States plans to offer a draft resolution calling for an immediate cease-fire in Georgia , accusing Russian forces of impeding the withdrawal of Georgian troops from the territory . Though Russia could veto the measure in the Security Council , he said Moscow "  is on the wrong side here " and risked damaging its ties with Washington and the West . "  The days of overthrowing leaders by military means in Europe -- those days are gone , " Khalilzad said . The situation in South Ossetia escalated rapidly from Thursday night , when Georgia said it launched an operation into the region after artillery fire from separatists killed 10 people . It accused Russia of backing the separatists . Russia sent tanks to South Ossetia on Friday , saying it wanted to protect its peacekeepers posted there following cease-fires in years past . By Sunday the conflict was raging in other parts of Georgia as well , including another breakaway area , Abkhazia , located in northwestern Georgia . Each side accused the other of killing large numbers of civilians . Russia said at least 2,000 people have been killed in South Ossetia 's capital , Tskhinvali . Churkin repeated Russia 's position that it is responding to Thursday 's Georgian attack on South Ossetia , which , although inside Georgia , has an autonomous government that is backed by Moscow . Churkin said Russia 's military action is a humanitarian campaign aimed at blocking the "  ethnic cleansing " of Ossetians by ethnic Georgians . He also challenged Khalilzad 's argument that Russian forces were waging a "  campaign of terror " there , essentially telling council members to consider the source . "  This statement , ambassador , is absolutely unacceptable -- particularly from the lips of the permanent representative of a country whose actions we are aware of , including with regard to civilian populations in Iraq and Afghanistan and Serbia , " Churkin said . But Churkin drew a rebuke from other Security Council members , including its current president , after he questioned the objectivity of a top U.N. official who briefed ambassadors on the conflict in Georgia . The Security Council 's president , Belgium 's Jan Grauls , said he was "  surprised and dismayed " by Churkin 's swipe at Lynn Pascoe , the U.N. undersecretary for political affairs . Churkin said Pascoe 's briefing , which included a statement from Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , "  shows that the Secretariat of the United Nations and its leadership was not able to adopt that objective position that is required by the substance of this conflict . " CNN 's Richard Roth and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	U.S. ambassador to U.N. : Russian official said Georgian president must go Russian foreign minister made comment to Condoleezza Rice , ambassador says Russian ambassador objects to disclosure of conversation U.S. ambassador asks if Russia seeking "  regime change ; " drawing Russian retort
Beijing  CNN  -- The death toll from earthquakes that rocked southwest China rose to 80 on Saturday , after the tremors destroyed roads and communication lines , and forced tens of thousands of evacuations , state media reported . More than 800 others were injured in the Friday quakes , according to Xinhua news agency . Officials fear the death toll may rise as they scramble to reach affected areas . Large rocks blocked roads , and communication lines and other infrastructure were downed , hampering rescue efforts . About 100,000 people have been evacuated and 100,000 others are in need of relocation , state media reported . Premier Wen Jiabao , who will direct rescue efforts , inspected stricken areas Saturday and visited the injured . Initial estimates put the "  direct economic losses " from the tremors at more than half a billion dollars , the news agency said . The four earthquakes struck near the border of Yunnan and Guizhou provinces , the U.S. Geological Survey said . Their magnitudes ranged between 4.8 and 5.6 , according to the U.S. agency . All four quakes struck at a depth of 10 kilometers  six miles  . The southwestern region of China is prone to earthquakes . In May 2008 , a magnitude 7.9 quake in Sichuan province caused widespread devastation , killing at least 69,000 people . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 800 people are injured Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visits the affected areas Tens of thousands are evacuated Communication lines and other infrastructure are downed
CNN  -- If the world comes to an end today , it wo n't be the first time . At least on film , planet Earth has been destroyed , decimated , and rebuilt countless times over , from a myriad of causes and in a variety of situations that even the Mayans could n't have seen coming  nuclear war ! aliens ! zombies !  . If there 's one thing that most of the post-apocalyptic genre films have in common , it 's the glimmer of hope that perhaps we 'll still survive after all  or at least the apes will  . We all know the big-scale disaster films  "  The Day After Tomorrow , " "  Deep Impact "  , but what movies are actually worth your time if you truly only have one last day to live ? Pick your favorite end of the world scenario , and enjoy one of these until the power goes out . Shortages : "  The Hunger Games " Katniss Everdeen  Jennifer Lawrence  volunteers  in her sister 's place  to take part in a brutal and ritualistic "  game " in which children are forced to fight to the death , as a penalty for a rebellious insurrection in a totalitarian version of America known as Panem . Since the war , goods and supplies are strictly controlled , hence the game 's reference to the starvation of Panem 's people . Katniss survives the game because she learned early on that if she did n't hunt her own food , her family would n't eat . Makes you want to take up archery . You might also like : The "  Mad Max " series Cannibals : "  The Road " A man  Viggo Mortensen  tries to protect his son  Kodi Smit-McPhee  from the horror that is other people . Food is in such short supply in this desolate version of America that bands of cannibals have formed , kidnapping other people and keeping them locked up until it 's time to chop off an arm or a leg  or more  . When one man approaches the pair and looks longingly at the boy , you know it 's not because he 's a pedophile . Makes you want to lock all the doors . You might also like : "  Delicatessen " Zombies : "  Shaun of the Dead " How to pick from all the great zombie movies over the years ? By watching the one that combines them all , and adds a dash of British comedy . Simon Pegg and Nick Frost try to survive  along with friends and family  a zombie apocalypse by locking themselves up in a local pub hangout . The barricade wo n't last long , but the laughs will . Makes you want to grab a pint . You might also like : "  28 Days Later " Vampires : "  I Am Legend " From the same story that inspired the movies "  The Omega Man " and "  The Last Man on Earth , " this version stars Will Smith as Robert Neville , who seems to be the sole survivor in New York after a vampire infestation and subsequent evacuation . Desperate to make human contact , he travels the city looking for survivors and broadcasts on AM frequencies that he will be at the South Street seaport every day at midday , in case you want to find him . "  Please , " he says , "  you are not alone . " Makes you want to call a friend . You might also like : "  Daybreakers " Machines : "  The Matrix " The machines have won , and we are their energy source -- living human batteries to power up their system , dreaming we live a normal life while we are connected to their neural-interactive world . But if we were to wake up , and rebel , we might be able to take the Earth back , or at least live in Zion , the last human city on the planet . Makes you question your existence . You might also like : The "  Terminator " series . Environmental destruction : "  WALL-E " We have no one to blame but ourselves -- no aliens , zombies , vampires , or other monsters have ruined the Earth , but in our greed and stupidity , we 've turned the planet into one big trash dump , with nothing but cute little robots  or waste allocation load lifters  left to try to make it less of a mess . The only life left are cockroaches , until one little seedling tries to break through . Makes you want to watch "  Hello , Dolly ! " You might also like : "  Silent Running " Meteors : "  Melancholia " A meteor is on a collision course with Earth -- again . This time , however , it ca n't be thwarted . No NASA space program can save us . We just have to prepare for the inevitable , but at least a depressed Kirsten Dunst is able to make the end a little easier for her sister and her son by just being there as Earth prepares for a collision course with another planet . Makes you want to call your family . You might also like : "  Seeking a Friend for the End of the World " Viral pandemic : "  12 Monkeys " Bruce Willis is sent back from the future to try to isolate the cause of a pandemic that has caused most of civilization to live underground -- he wo n't be able to stop it , but maybe they can develop a cure or a vaccine . His time travel mechanism is n't perfect , so he 's jolted around to different times , causing him to miss what the cause is until too late , but at least we get some wacky Brad Pitt along the way . Makes you want to get your flu shot . You might also like : "  Contagion " Fertility failure : "  Children of Men " The last child was born was 18 years ago , and humanity has finally come to terms with the fact that there will be no more children -- until a woman quite miraculously gets pregnant . Clive Owen is entrusted with protecting her and delivering her to some scientists trying to cure infertility , the Human Project . Her baby could be the hope of the future . Makes you want to procreate . You might also like : "  The Handmaid 's Tale " Religion : "  The Rapture " It 's in the Book of Revelation -- the End of Days . Mimi Rogers goes from swinger to born-again Christian  with some help from David Duchovny  , and believes God 's judgment is coming . She goes to the desert to wait for the Second Coming , and growing impatient , kills her daughter and tries to kill herself . And then the Rapture actually happens , much to her dismay . Makes you want to pray . You might also like : "  Dogma "	If the world comes to an end today , it wo n't be the first time -- at least not on film A man tries to protect his son from the horror that is other people in "  The Road " Bruce Willis is sent back from the future to isolate the cause of a pandemic in "  12 Monkeys "
Mashable  -- Windows 7 is now the world 's most popular desktop operating system , according to the August report from Net Applications . In August , Windows 7 had a 42.76 % market share , a fraction of a point more than Windows XP 's 42.52 % . Windows XP was released in 2001 . The much-maligned Windows Vista sits at third place with a 6.15 % market share , followed by Mac OS X 10.7 and Mac OS X 10.6 with 2.45 % and 2.38 % , respectively . All in all , older versions included , Microsoft controls some 92 % of the market . It took three years for Windows 7 to become the world 's most popular OS . Microsoft 's desktop operating system , which was launched in October 2009 , will soon be replaced by a newer version  $ " Windows 8 . Windows 8 , which is scheduled to go on sale on October 26 , will be Microsoft 's first operating system designed to work just as well on tablets as it does on desktop computers . Users running Windows XP , Vista or Windows 7 will be able to upgrade to Windows 8 Professional for $ 39.99 via an online download .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Windows 7 is now the world 's most popular desktop OS , according to a report It surpasses the venerable Windows XP , which is 11 years old Microsoft controls some 92 % of the market for desktop operating systems
CNN  -- Altovise Davis , the widow of entertainer Sammy Davis Jr. , has died . She was 65 . Altovise Davis , in a 2008 photo , married Sammy Davis Jr. in 1970 . Davis died Saturday at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , said her publicist , Amy Malone . She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke . Davis , a dancer and actress from Brooklyn , New York , met Sammy Davis Jr. on the set of the musical "  Golden Boy " in London in 1967 . The couple married three years later . It was Sammy Davis Jr. 's third marriage . The couple remained together until he died of throat cancer in 1990 . The couple had an adopted son . Funeral services will be held in Burbank , California , with the date and time to be announced later . Sammy Davis Jr. , himself a musician , was famous for being part of the Rat Pack , which included Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Altovise Davis , 65 , died Saturday at a Los Angeles hospital , her publicist says She had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke Davis , a dancer and actress , married Sammy Davis Jr. in 1970
CNN  -- Two separate people came up with the same name in response to computer-generated sketches of a man whom London 's Metropolitan Police are working to identify in possible connection with the disappearance of then-3-year-old Madeleine McCann , the case 's lead investigator revealed Monday . The two people had phoned in the same name based on the sketches , Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood said during the BBC 's "  Crimewatch " program , which aired an appeal Monday night for information about a man police want to track down . The man was seen carrying a child matching McCann 's description on the night she vanished in 2007 around the resort town of Praia da Luz in Portugal . The man is described as white , between 20 and 40 years old , with short brown hair and a medium build . He was seen carrying a blond child , who might have been in pajamas and who was estimated to be 3 to 4 years old , around the time Madeleine disappeared , police had said . The sketches are based on descriptions from separate witnesses , investigators said . Since the program aired , British police said they have received more than 300 phoned tips and 170 e-mailed ones . "  We will now take the time to follow up these lines of enquiry , " Redwood said . Police target 38 ` people of interest ' in Madeleine McCann 's '07 disappearance The latest revelation is critical in reconstructing what exactly happened more than six years ago on the night of May 3 , 2007 , when McCann disappeared from her family 's villa while her parents dined at a nearby restaurant . The girl was just days shy of her fourth birthday . Neither her parents nor the detectives investigating her case have given up on one day finding the little girl from Leicestershire , England . "  There may be an entirely innocent explanation of this man , but we need to establish who he is to assist with our inquiries , " Redwood said earlier . Additionally , investigators believe they have a better understanding of when Madeleine may have been abducted , Redwood added . "  The timeline we have now established has given new significance to sightings and movements of people in and around Praia da Luz at the time of Madeleine 's disappearance . " John Walsh : Madeleine McCann could be alive Police announced in July that they have identified 38 "  people of interest " in connection with the case . Twelve of them are UK nationals who police say they think were in Portugal at the time the girl went missing . All the others are European nationals . Metropolitan Police officers have also been talking to authorities in other countries to get more information about them and their potential involvement , the statement said . Meanwhile , Madeleine 's parents continue to keep hope that their daughter will be returned to them , explaining on their website : "  We still worry about her , we miss her as much as we ever did , we remain as determined as ever to find her and to know what has happened . " CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Police receive hundreds of tips Two different people come up with the same name for man in sketches , police say Madeleine disappeared in 2007 while on holiday with her parents in Portugal Sketches of a man seen around the resort the night Madeleine disappeared are released
The Bangladesh Supreme Court has sentenced a prominent leader of the country 's largest Islamist party to death for "  crimes against humanity , " the official Bangladeshi news agency BSS reported Tuesday . The ruling in the case of Abdul Quader Mollah , who was the assistant secretary general for the now-banned Jamaat-e-Islami party , set off rioting in the streets and prompted the party to announce a two-day general strike across the country beginning Wednesday . "  The appeal filed by the state has been allowed , while the appeal filed on behalf of Abdul Quader Mollah has been rejected , " Chief Justice Md. . Mozzammel Hossain , who led a five-member Appellate Division bench of the Supreme Court , announced Tuesday . In February , Mollah was sentenced to life in prison by a tribunal that convicted him of war crimes . iReport : American says he would die for justice in Bangladesh The panel was set up by the government to bring to justice some of those accused of atrocities during Bangladesh 's 1971 war for independence . Its decision not to sentence Mollah to death set off huge protests earlier this year in Dhaka , the capital . The demonstrations prompted parliament to change the law to allow the government to appeal rulings by the tribunal , which is what happened in Mollah 's case . The prosecutor said the latest court ruling left no room for further review , but defense attorney Abdur Razzak , who is also a Jamaat leader , said he would seek an appeal . Law minister Shafique Ahmed said only clemency from the president could spare Mollah . Attorney General Mahbubey Alam told journalists that the death sentence against Mollah was for his role in the brutal killings of a man , his pregnant wife and 2-year-old son in 1971 . Following the tougher sentence against him issued Tuesday by the top court , Jamaat supporters took to the streets , spurring unrest that left at least 10 people injured , CNN affiliate Boishakhi TV reported . The station aired footage of cars on fire , including a police van in the seaside city of Chittagong . Read more : Bangladesh high court declares rules against Islamic party Jamaat , a major ally of the main opposition party Bangladesh Nationalist Party  BNP  , is a constant thorn in the side of the ruling Awami League . The high court declared Jaamat 's registration illegal last month , preventing it from taking part in the country 's upcoming general election . The party has appealed the ruling . Monday , Bangladesh 's cabinet approved an amendment to an elections bill that bars anyone convicted of war crimes from participating in national elections . Jaamat enjoys considerable support , particularly in rural areas . And periodically , it mobilizes its adherents in large-scale demonstrations in Dhaka to show its strength . But it has faced pressure from the Awami League and progressive groups that point to Jammat 's role during Bangladesh 's struggle for independence from Pakistan . Between one million and 3 million people were killed in the nine-month war . The International Crimes Tribunal , the court set up by the government in 2010 , has convicted several other top Jamaat leaders of crimes against humanity . Jamaat acknowledges that it opposed Bangladesh 's struggle for independence , but it has decried what it calls a smear campaign . It has also questioned why the Awami League is only now pressing forward on war crimes trials when it did n't do so while in power during the 1970s and 1990s .	Jaamat-e-Islami calls for two-day general strike The Supreme Court imposes the death penalty for Abdul Quader Mollah after an appeal The decision sets off rioting ; footage shows cars burning in the streets Mollah had previously been sentenced to life in prison
Islamabad , Pakistan -- A Pakistani government minister who had said he was getting death threats because of his opposition to a controversial blasphemy law was shot to death Wednesday . Shahbaz Bhatti was the only Christian member of the Cabinet in Pakistan , where 95 percent of people are Muslim . He served as the government 's minister of minority affairs . He was shot and killed in Islamabad on Wednesday morning , Pakistani police said . The Taliban claimed responsibility . "  The  assassination of Bhatti is a message to all of those who are against Pakistan 's blasphemy laws , " said Ihsanullah Ihsan , a Taliban spokesman . Bhatti had been critical of the law , saying at one point , "  I am ready to sacrifice my life for the principled stand I have taken because the people of Pakistan are being victimized under the pretense of blasphemy law . " Other officials have also been targeted for opposing the blasphemy law , which makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam , the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed . In January , the governor of Punjab province , Salman Taseer , was assassinated by his security guard because he spoke out against the law . After Taseer 's death , Bhatti pledged to continue pushing for amendments in the law . "  I will campaign for this ... these fanatics can not stop me from moving any further steps against the misuse of  the  blasphemy law , " he said at the time . Bhatti said he was facing threats on his life , but was not afraid . "  I was told by the religious extremists that if you will make any amendments in this law , you will be killed , " he said . Bhatti was leaving his home Wednesday when gunmen sprayed his vehicle with bullets , said Jameel Hashmi , a senior Islamabad police official . He was dead when he arrived at Shifa Hospital in Islamabad , said Azmat Ullah Qureshi , a hospital spokesman . The minister is usually accompanied by security guards because of the death threats , but had instructed his security officers not to travel with him Wednesday , said Wajid Durrani , Islamabad 's police chief . Cameron Munter , the U.S. ambassador in Pakistan , condemned the killing in a statement . "  His death is a loss for all who believe in the values for which he gave his last full measure of devotion , " he said . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom also condemned the killing . "  The assassination today of Shahbaz Bhatti in Pakistan -- a true hero for human rights and religious freedom for all -- illustrates how barbaric that country 's system of blasphemy laws really is . Blasphemy laws do n't keep the peace , but embolden extremists , " said Leonard Leo , the commission 's chair .	U.S. envoy condemns the killing The Taliban claims responsibility for the killing Bhatti has been critical of Pakistan 's blasphemy law Other officials have also been targeted for opposing the law
The Washington Monument remains "  structurally sound " and is "  not going anywhere , " a top National Park Service official said Monday , announcing the result of a comprehensive assessment of the structure 's interior . A five-day examination of the monument 's exterior will begin Tuesday , according to Bob Vogel , superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks . Four cracks in the monument 's marble were discovered shortly after a 5.8-magnitude earthquake struck the East Coast on August 23 . The monument has since been closed to the public . Officials declined to say Monday when the monument will re-open . Small pools of standing water were found in the monument during inspections following Hurricane Irene , the National Park Service said in late August . "  What happened was a lot of mortar popped out , so much so that you can see sunlight above 450 feet in the monument , " spokeswoman Carol Johnson said at the time . The National Park Service has been working with an engineering firm to determine the extent of the damage and what it will cost to fix it . Repairs will include pinning several stones together and replacing some mortar , Johnson noted . The Washington Monument , built between 1848 and 1884 , is 555 feet , 5 and one-eighth inches tall . Its walls are 15 feet thick at the base and 18 inches at the top , and are composed primarily of white marble blocks , according to the National Park Service .	The Washington Monument is declared "  structurally sound " Officials decline to say when the monument will re-open to the public Cracks were discovered after an earthquake in late August ; repairs are required The Washington Monument is 555 feet tall
CNN  With its pristine beaches , warm water and coral reefs , Seychelles has long been a must-visit destination for jet-setters from all over the world . They come from Europe , the Middle East and Asia to unwind in the sun . But not all the hosts can afford to be so relaxed . The country , which is made up of 115 islands , will host 215,000 international tourists this year , and these visitors will contribute 21.7 % of its gross domestic product . Indeed , the World Bank says Seychelles ' economy is "  highly dependent " on tourism . Capitalizing on the nation 's natural beauty , and making this sector a success , is crucial if the country wants to retain the top spot in African human development rankings . Decline in visitors As the global financial crisis of 2008 stopped many people from taking holidays , the Seychelles was hit hard . That year , the country 's GDP contracted by 2.1 % . Tourism contributed close to 30 % of GDP in 2008 , but by 2010 that number was closer to 25 % . Since then numbers have continued to fall . Another reason for this decline , according to Euromonitor International , is competition from Sri Lanka , which ended a violent civil war in 2010 . The research group says visitors to Sri Lanka are from the "  same demographic as those who travel to the Seychelles " and the substitution has had an impact . In addition to these issues , the country has had to deal with the failure of the state-owned national airline . Air Seychelles recorded a loss of $ 12.5 million in 2010/11 and the company made massive cuts . Things got so bad that in January 2012 the national airline flew fewer passengers from the country 's biggest airport than Emirates . Industry revival It was this situation that led the UAE airline Etihad to offer $ 20 million for a 40 % stake in the company . The Seychelles government matched the investment and retained 60 % . The cash injection and corporate reorganization that followed helped turn the company around . "  The partnership with Etihad has allowed the airline to reorganize itself , restructure itself and allowed us to get to where we are today , " says CEO of Air Seychelles Manoj Papa . "  It 's a win for Air Seychelles in the sense that it helps us to grow our network ... -LSB- It -RSB- helps people being trained and developed . " And the latest numbers show the partnership has paid off . In 2013 , almost 200,000 people embarked on an Air Seychelles flight overseas -- twice the number from the previous year . As well as this boost , the government embarked on an aggressive re-branding exercise to appeal to holidaymakers on a budget . The African Development Bank now forecasts GDP growth to be "  above 3.5 % in 2014 and 2015 due largely to a rebound in the tourism sector . " Given the country grew at 2.8 % in 2012 , there is some proof things are improving . And this trend is also recognized by the World Travel and Tourism Council , who say the country has "  excellent " prospects when it comes to travel and tourism . David Scowsill , CEO of the private sector body says " -LSB- The Seychelles -RSB- has been affected in the last few years by the recession in Europe but ... the contribution from the sector to the Seychelles economy is forecast to rise by 4.3 % every year over the next decade . " Gulf investments As well as the tourism sector , money from the Middle East has also gone into the country 's infrastructure . In 2011 , the Sheikh Khalifa Diagnostic Center opened , bringing the first MRI and CT scans to the island . But the benefits of the center go beyond health . "  The second floor is almost entirely dedicated to teaching and learning , " the minister of health explained during a speech to open the center . "  Indeed , it has been designed with continuous professional education in mind . " And the UAE has also funded eight wind turbines which whirr above the capital , Victoria , and also two diesel powered generators . These power sources supply roughly a quarter of the country 's energy -- crucial for hotels , bars and restaurants which keep tourists coming back . "  Investment from the UAE and other countries as well has been instrumental in turning around the economy , " says President James Michel who was reelected in 2011 with a 55 % majority . "  Over the last five years we 've seen $ 1.5 billion in investment from mainly the UAE , Russia and China . " Indeed , China is becoming an increasingly important source of visitors to the archipelago . Figures from the National Bureau of Statistics show that visitor arrivals in Seychelles are up by over 90 % compared to last year . Courting controversy But as well as benefits , foreign investment has also brought controversy to the sleepy island chain . "  The Arabs come in and basically they want to take over , " says Wavel Ramkalawan , the leader of one the main opposition parties . "  When you look at it at face value it appears to be good investment ... when you balance things out to see what he got from us and what he brought in . If he would have been made to pay the necessary taxes we probably would have earned more . " The "  he " Ramkalawan refers to is Sheikh Khalifa the President of the UAE , who happens to own a mansion with a billion-dollar view -- just one example of the high-profile Emirati presence . But President Michel has rejected complaints that preferential treatment was given to those willing to spend big bucks . "  If anyone comes here whether it is from the Emirates or from America , Europe or China , the same rules will apply . " More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Creating a new Cape Town through design Read this : Liberia : From warzone to holiday paradise Monique Todd contributed to this story	Tourism makes up over 20 % of Seychelles gross domestic product The island nation has seen a decline in visitor numbers since 2008 Air Seychelles recorded a loss of $ 12.5 million in 2010/11 Not everyone is happy with the way UAE is investing in Seychelles
Yabuli , China  CNN  -- Insulated in designer skiwear against a temperature of -15  Celsius , three of China 's burgeoning ski set bundle into a gondola headed to a wind-swept mountaintop in Heilongjiang province , Northeastern China . These new members of China 's skiing elite had traveled from Harbin three hours drive away for a day 's skiing at Sun Mountain , Yabuli , and clearly relished hurtling downhill at one of the country 's newest high-end resorts . "  Control your speed " is good advice for any novice skier , but it could be equally applied to the growing number of businesses aiming to tap into the nascent Chinese skiing industry . Skiing is just the latest market in China touted to "  boom " as an increasingly affluent middle class finds new ways to spend their wealth and leisure time . The China Ski Association put the number of skiers in China at 5 million in 2005 , up from just 200,000 in 2000 . The association predicts 20 million skiers by 2014 . "  But around 80 percent will probably never do it again , because the experience is so bad , " says Graham Kwan , CEO of Melco China Resorts the developers of Sun Mountain , Yabuli . It 's a factor that has held back the momentum of the Chinese ski industry , where the image is still one of bumpy nursery slopes crowded with first-time skiers snow-ploughing into one another . "  The industry is n't developing as fast as it should , " says Justin Downes , president of Axis Leisure , a Beijing-based resort industry consultancy . "  Ninety percent of skiers are still considered beginners and rent their equipment . The quality of the product and safety has often been questionable , service has been poor . " Kwan hopes Sun Mountain will provide Chinese skiers with a five-star destination resort that keeps novices coming back to the slopes . Others developers are following suit . French resort company Club Med plans to open a dedicated ski village in China at the end of the year , the first of five the company plans to open by 2015 . China 's Wanda group have plans on a resort in the mountains bordering North Korea , and a resort called Beijing Secret Garden is being developed outside of Beijing near the Great Wall . Since opening last year Sun Mountain has gained accolades , including TIME Magazine 's Best Resort Make-over in 2009 . Yabuli was also the site of the World University Games in 2009 , with a reported $ 400 million invested by the government in updating the facilities and improving transport links to the area , making it the base for China 's national ski team . For Kwan , however , transforming a sleepy town with one aging hotel at the bottom of a mountain has been far from a smooth ride . "  To be perfectly honest , it 's been a struggle , " says Kwan . "  It 's easy to have a mountain in China . People often ask , ` Why did you put -LSB- the resort -RSB- here ? ' There are beautiful mountains -LSB- elsewhere -RSB- , but too far from the market . Chinese people travel like Europeans ; they 're North-South travelers . " With over $ 100 million invested in Sun Mountain , Kwan hopes it will be the centerpiece of the new face of skiing in China , offering more than just well-groomed slopes and aprs-ski with a Chinese twist . "  It 's a combination of operations and real estate , you ca n't sell luxury homes if you do n't sell luxury products , " says Kwan . A new boutique hotel at the top of the 1000-meter mountain will open next year and capacity eventually expanded to 15 hotels . But it is the resort 's real estate that will be just as important to how fast the area develops . Around 75 houses are already built with almost a thousand more nestled on the mountainside planned for the next 10 years . "  The concept of buying a recreational home in the mountains when it 's -20  Celsius is not something the Chinese have grasped yet , " says Downes . "  The ski market -LSB- in China -RSB- is so small that you ca n't expect to put $ 100 million into a project and hope to recoup that any time soon off your ski operations . But the leisure real estate market is also immature in China . " As well as selling the resort as an investment opportunity , nurturing the culture of skiing is part of the development . Its absence is something that Downes believes is really hampering the market . "  When I went to work in a ski resort it 's because I wanted to ski all day and party all night . The people who go to work in Chinese ski resorts do n't have any aspirations to do any of those things , " says Downes . A few gold medals by Chinese skiers at the Winter Olympics could help create a buzz around the sport itself , but for Kwan and Downes , presenting a gold-standard lifestyle is just as important . "  All their gear is high-end , because of course it represents their status . And that 's why we 've chosen to go higher end , because those kinds of customers want to be with us , " says Kwan , who plans to add VIP gondolas with heated seats and sound system at Sun Mountain , as well as slope-side tea service . "  You ca n't just pick up a Whistler or Three Valleys pop it into China and expect it to be successful , " adds Downes . "  Because while Chinese skiers want all the positive trapping they also want something that is theirs -- food and cultural elements , but delivered at a much higher level . "  The younger generation is getting money , traveling and getting more adventurous , they 're the ones who are going to define the industry . "	China 's ski industry seen as a huge growth market for up-scale resort developers China predicted to have 20 million skiers by 2014 Numerous international developers are building resorts across the country Culture of skiing needs to be developed as much as resorts for success say analysts
CNN  -- North Korea pledged Wednesday to take steps to reopen the Kaesong Industrial Zone , the joint manufacturing complex where it halted the operations of South Korean companies during a period of high tensions this year . The announcement from the North is its latest move after multiple rounds of talks with the South , aimed at getting the shuttered factories at Kaesong back up and running , failed to yield a breakthrough last month . Seoul responded to Pyongyang 's statement Wednesday by agreeing to fresh negotiations on the complex next week . North Korea 's decision in April to suspend activity at the industrial zone , a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation , for the first time in its nine-year history surprised many observers . With 53,000 North Koreans working at more than 120 South Korean companies , Kaesong was considered to be an important source of hard currency for Kim Jong Un 's regime . But for about four months , the zone , which sits on the North 's side of the demilitarized zone that separates the two Koreas , has lain dormant . In its statement Wednesday carried by state media , North Korea said it would allow South Korean companies to return to the manufacturing complex . Pyongyang began preventing South Koreans from entering the zone in April at a time when it was unleashing a torrent of threatening rhetoric toward South Korea and the United States . The tensions have since eased , and the generally secretive North recently allowed a large Western media contingent , including CNN journalists , to cover the 60th anniversary of the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 . The North also said Wednesday that it would ensure "  the normal attendance of its workers " at the South Korean companies ' factories , as well as guaranteeing the safety of South Korean personnel in the zone . The North Korean statement said that if South Korea responded to its "  bold and magnanimous stand , " it would hold another round of talks next week on returning operations at the zone to normal . "  We are looking forward to reaching an appropriate measure for resolving the Kaesong issue , " the South Korean Unification Ministry said in a statement accepting the offer of talks . On Sunday , the South suggested that time for finding a solution on Kaesong might be running out . "  The patience of our people , who wish to see North Korea 's sincere attitude , is reaching its limit , and North Korea should bear that in mind , " said Kim Hyung-suk , a Unification Ministry spokesman . The South Korean government has been working on measures to compensate the companies hurt by the shuttering of the industrial zone . On Wednesday , before the North Korean announcement , the South 's Ministry of Unification said it had authorized the equivalent of about $ 250 million in insurance payments to firms with activities linked to the zone . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	NEW : Seoul agrees to hold talks with the North on Kaesong complex next week North Korea says it will allow South Koreans to return to the joint industrial zone It had suspended operations at the industrial zone in April during tensions South Korea had expressed frustration recently at the impasse over the zone
New York  CNN  -- One of the motorcyclists believed to have played a direct role in the beating of SUV driver Alexian Lien in New York has been identified , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN late Thursday . He 's not yet in custody ; however he 's expected to be soon . The biker is suspected of being the man seen on video using a helmet to pound on the side of the black Range Rover before Lien was dragged from the vehicle , beaten and slashed , the official said . The video seems clear : An SUV driver hits a biker on Manhattan 's West Side and sets off a violent chain of events . But now , a debate is raging over who should shoulder the blame for this disturbing attack . Soon after the helmet cam video of the confrontation spread online , most people 's sympathies lay with the driver of the Range Rover , Lien . Online commenters seemed to side with him . He was swarmed by a motorbike gang . He had his wife and 2-year-old daughter in the car . He did what he had to do to protect them , they said . But now , supporters of the bikers being vilified for the weekend attack are pleading their case . They gathered Wednesday night outside the Manhattan hospital where one of the bikers , Edwin Mieses , lies comatose . He was run over by the SUV as the driver tried to escape . "  It is an unfortunate situation on both sides , " said Lexie Filpo , who said she was one of the bikers . "  I knew that car seemed reckless from the beginning . From when he first jumped on the highway . When things happened , people were telling him to stop , to slow down , and he never did . "  The officers , they want to arrest the bikers ; they should arrest the driver as well , " Filpo said . A group of bikers gathered again Thursday and appealed for calm . "  We , as bikers , have the burden of showing the world that we are not animals and so that 's what we intend to do , " Albert Alkerson told reporters . "  These are not animals . These are people who enjoy riding bikes . What we need to do is figure out how to make sure that this does n't happen again , " he said . Official : Biker may have been trying to help SUV driver Swarmed by bikers The incident took place on Manhattan 's West Side Highway on Sunday . Police said a man driving a Range Rover struck a motorcyclist who had slowed . Previous reporting indicated that the impact broke the motorcyclist 's leg , but New York police Sgt. Lee Jones said Wednesday that the biker sustained only minor injuries . Lien , the driver , pulled over and was surrounded by other bikers , part of a group called Hollywood Stuntz . They hit the vehicle and spiked its tires , police said . The driver pulled away , plowing into three more bikers , including Mieses . The bikers chased him . Once he was stuck in traffic , they cornered the SUV . The video shows one biker using his helmet to smash the driver 's - side window . Police said the bikers dragged Lien out of the SUV and beat him . His wife and daughter were unharmed . Lien was treated at a local hospital for slashes to his face . Lien 's family released a statement Thursday through its attorneys , saying he was "  forced under the circumstances to take the actions that he did in order to protect the lives of our entire family . " He and his wife were out to celebrate their wedding anniversary with their daughter when the incident happened , according to the statement . "  We know in our hearts that we could not have done anything differently , and we believe that anyone faced with this sort of grave danger would have taken the same course of action in order to protect their family , " the statement said . Lien initially called 911 on Sunday afternoon to report that bikers were driving erratically on the West Side Highway . As the confrontation unfolded , additional calls were logged by 911 operators , including one from Lien 's wife that was placed during the attack , police said . Jerome Davis said he witnessed a part of the confrontation and described the SUV driver as a "  maniac . " "  If something happens , you stop right there . It 's an accident . You think and stop . You do n't keep reacting on , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Wednesday . But on CNN 's "  New Day " Thursday , Davis said , "  Two wrongs do n't make a right " and said it was clear the SUV driver was afraid . "  If I was in his shoes , I 'd be scared , " he said . Opinion : In attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? No charges against driver Police have not said that they are seeking any charges against Lien . But they arrested Christopher Cruz , who is seen slowing in front of the Range Rover before he was bumped . Cruz , 28 , was in court Wednesday on misdemeanor charges including reckless driving . Cruz 's attorney told reporters that his client is not guilty . Cruz was to be released after posting $ 1,500 cash bail and a $ 15,000 insurance bond . In addition , his license was suspended , and he was ordered to surrender his passport . "  His motorcycle was struck , and he stood right there , " Cruz 's attorney H. Benjamin Perez said . "  He never assaulted this man . He never tried to assault him in any way . And he does not know any of the other motorcyclists who were involved in this beating . " A second arrested biker was released Wednesday when authorities determined that he may have been trying to help . Allen Edwards , 42 , originally faced charges of reckless endangerment , criminal mischief and menacing , police said . But that did n't mean prosecutors were done . "  Prematurely charging individuals with low-level crimes does not further the goals of the investigation and could weaken the cases we expect to bring against the perpetrators of serious crimes , " said Karen Friedman-Agnifilo , the prosecutor who is overseeing the case . "  After we investigate the facts and each person 's individual actions , we will know what charges can be supported by the evidence . There is still a tremendous amount of investigation to be done . " The New York Police Department released images and asked for the public 's help in identifying and locating suspects . NYPD detectives have interviewed the motorcyclist whose helmet cam captured the confrontation , according to Deputy Commissioner John McCarthy . They tracked the unidentified biker to his home in Bellport , Long Island , and have the video . Police are also looking at a 2011 video that shows a separate case of biker violence . In it , riders appear to surround and antagonize a motorist . Law enforcement officials said they are examining the footage frame by frame , looking for possible patterns . Standing vigil Mieses ' family says the real victim of the confrontation is the hospitalized biker . "  All of his ribs are fractured . His lungs are so badly bruised that he 's still on a ventilator , " Yolanda Santiago , his mother , told CNN affiliate WCBS . His wife , Dayana , told CNN affiliate WBZ that Mieses got off his bike to help the SUV driver . "  And whatever he did , he got scared , he peeled off , and he paralyzed my husband on the way , " she said . At the vigil Wednesday night , the attendees raised almost $ 400 . CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Pamela Brown , Susan Candiotti , Kevin Conlon and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	NEW : The motorcyclist is not in custody ; he 's expected to be soon , source says The family of the SUV driver says he did what he had to do to protect his family Bikers chased the SUV , slashed its tires , forcing the driver to stop , police say Another motorcyclist has been arrested on misdemeanor charges
CNN  -- Like many 23-year-olds , Amanda Eang is self-conscious about her body . She constantly covers up and wears loose-fitting clothing to disguise her shape . At five-foot-two , she weighs just 93 pounds , and for years she has tried to gain weight . "  There are a lot of shows about losing weight , but they really do n't have anything for people who are underweight , " she says . "  It 's just as frustrating for people who are trying to gain weight . " Eang , who lives in Toronto , says she has tried everything : eating junk food  which left her with high cholesterol  , drinking supplements and doing resistance training . She 'd like to reach 110 pounds , but she has never even weighed 100 pounds . Fewer than 2 % of adults in the United States are underweight , according to 2007 to 2010 data collected by the National Center for Health Statistics . To be considered underweight , individuals must have a body mass index of less than 18.5 . A woman who is five-foot-six , for example , would weigh 114 pounds or less . For some , difficulty gaining weight can be a frustrating problem and must be approached in a healthy way , experts say . Ruling out problems Before attempting to put on pounds , individuals who feel they are underweight should visit their primary care doctor for a complete physical examination , says Craig Primack , a medical obesity specialist and member of the American Society of Bariatric Physicians . Waist size signals diabetes risk A physician can rule out medical issues that would impede weight gain or cause malabsorption , including celiac disease , lactose intolerance , bacterial overgrowth syndrome or B12 deficiency . Genetics play a big role in why some people are underweight , Primack says . A high metabolic rate is usually a factor , he says The rest is a mystery . Experts have done significantly less research about being underweight than causes of being overweight . If individuals are slightly underweight , it might not be a sign of a problem . They may be in sync with their bodies ' needs and avoid overeating , Primack says . Being naturally underweight is different from an eating disorder , in which individuals consciously try to reduce their size and avoid eating through various means . "  If someone has a problematic relationship with food , that 's an eating disorder , and it does n't matter what your weight is , " says Linda Bacon , a psychologist and researcher at the University of California at Davis and author of "  Health at Every Size : The Surprising Truth About Your Weight . " Fitness trainer gains and loses 70 pounds in one year -- on purpose In extreme cases , being underweight can lead to difficulty fighting diseases , and for women it could lead to amenorrhea , or inability to menstruate , says Rachel Begun , a registered dietitian and spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics . If individuals are underweight and also not getting enough nutrients , this could cause osteoporosis , anemia and other nutrient-related conditions . Putting on the pounds No matter the reason for wanting to gain weight , it is important to focus on the quality , not the quantity , of calories consumed , Begun says . "  The whole point is to eat more calories , but it should n't be a license to gorge on empty calorie foods , " she says . Pairing calorie intake with both aerobic exercise and weight resistance training is crucial for cardiovascular health , she says . What to eat and drink when you exercise Primack suggests fewer repetitions of higher weight in exercises that incorporate the whole body , done three to four times per week , in addition to cardiovascular exercise . At 28 years old , five-foot-ten and 138 pounds , Bryan Johnson of Minneapolis has tried some of these tactics to little avail . He 'd like to reach 160 pounds , a goal he says he 's "  pretty much given up on . " He 's attempted intense workouts , drinking protein supplements and eating until he feels sick . Sticking to these plans despite his work schedule has been his biggest obstacle , he says . Like healthy weight loss , healthy weight gain takes time , Begun says . Individuals should try to put on about one pound per week , which means adding about 500 calories per day , she says . This allows for adding lean muscle and bone mass rather than unhealthy fat . Would you lose weight if money were at stake ? It is best to choose foods from all food groups , especially complex carbohydrates , lean protein and healthy fats . Some healthy yet calorie-packed options include nuts and nut butters , seeds , dried fruit , low-fat milk , yogurt smoothies , avocado , hummus and other bean spreads , Begun says . Whole grain pastas , sauces with brown lean beef and fish are also positive choices , Primack says . Gaining a new perspective As society in general has become increasingly overweight , underweight individuals may feel they stand out . Others should be conscious of how their remarks that someone looks "  too skinny " could be hurtful , Eang says . "  Some people have said , ` Oh , you look fine , ' ... and there are other people who say , ` You 're skinny . ' It 's the same way , that if a person were fat ,  commenting on  it would be offensive . " Bacon says it is more important to practice healthy habits than to worry about weight and societal ideas about beauty and attractiveness . "  I do n't think the answer is to gain weight to meet social standards or meet some kind of arbitrary idea of health , " she says . "  We have so many social and health expectations that are n't predicated on what 's true for the individual . " If underweight individuals are living healthy lifestyles but still find themselves on the lower end of the weight spectrum , it may be helpful to change how they view their bodies , she says . "  The best avenue is to start to appreciate the functionality of our bodies , " she says . "  It is just amazing I have legs that can carry me from one place to another ... that we have mouths that allow many of us to be able to speak . There is so much we can just appreciate and marvel at in our bodies . " Are you part of the "  2 percent " ? Do you feel as if you are underweight and want to gain a few pounds ? Is weight even the best way to determine if an individual is healthy ? Share your thoughts and experiences in the comment section below .	Two percent of adults in the United States are underweight Difficulty gaining weight can be a frustrating problem Genetics play a big role in why some people are underweight It may be more important to practice healthy habits than worry about weight
Mother Nature Network  -- If you 've been keeping tabs on the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , you 've probably been wondering how exactly you can help . Well , for those of you with furry , four-legged flatmates , it can be as easy as sweeping the floors and collecting all that errant fur and hair . So how exactly can hoarding pet fur help with cleaning up one of the worst environmental disasters in recent memory ? Enter Matter of Trust , a San Francisco-based nonprofit that 's been accepting donations of non-filthy pet fur and human hair since 1998 to craft oil-absorbing hairmats -- described as "  flat square dreadlocks " -- and hair-stuffed containment booms made from recycled pantyhose . These hairy contraptions are effective at soaking-up oil and they do n't require any new resources ... just stuff you 'd normally trash  or compost  unless you 're into , umm , stockpiling fur . I must say , sending along fur to Matter of Trust via Excess Access is an eco-ideal spring cleaning mission for folks with critters around the house . In addition to pet owners , groomers and salon owners can get involved too by sending in bulk shipments of hair/fur . In fact , as of Tuesday , 400,000 pounds of hair was en route to the Gulf Coast . Mother Nature Network : How to treat cats with allergies . Alabama hairdresser Phil McCrory came up with the hairy idea while watching news reports on the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill , according to the Matter of Trust website . As a hair professional , he knows how hair is attracted to oil -- and why humans need to shampoo their hair regularly . The oil clings to the hair but is not absorbed by it . That makes hair a good , natural cleaning aide . Matter of Trust says they 've opened more than a dozen warehouses in Alabama , Mississippi , Louisiana and Florida where the hair is shipped . Hundreds of volunteers stuff the hair and fur into nylons which are then tied together to form tubes or booms . The booms are used to surround , contain and aid cleanup of the oil spill . What is needed , how to send it :  Clean hair from human heads -- can be straight , curly , dyed , permed , straightened  Every type of fur , horse hair , wool waste and feather is fine  Make certain there is no garbage -- metal or paper -- in with the hair/fur  Washed nylon stocking  even with runs   Place in separate plastic garbage bag , put inside of separate boxes labeled debris-free hair/fur or nylons  Check with Matter of Trust website to find out where to ship the boxes .  Copyright 2010 Mother Nature Network	Your hair and pet 's fur is needed to help clean Gulf oil spill The hair and fur is stuffed into nylon stockings which become booms The oil clings to the hair booms and mats which are then removed from water Matter of Trust is coordinating collections and volunteers to build booms
New York  CNN  -- Vandals defaced a statue of Jackie Robinson outside the Brooklyn Cyclones baseball stadium , marking racial slurs and symbols on it , park and police officials said Wednesday . A swastika , "  anti-Semitic comments " and the N-word were written in black marker on the statue and its base sometime between the end of the Cyclones game Tuesday night and 7 a.m. Wednesday , according to a spokesman for the New York City Police Department . The NYPD 's Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating the matter as a possible bias incident . The Cyclones and police are reviewing security camera video , hoping it will lead them to a suspect or suspects , said Brooklyn Cyclones director of communications Billy Harner . No arrests have been made . The parks department has already managed to remove the majority of the graffiti , Harner said . The statue is a likeness of Robinson and teammate Pee Wee Reese . "  Almost every Saturday morning I stop by the statue on my bike , and am deeply moved each time , " U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer said in a statement . "  Defacing the Jackie Robinson statue is a dagger in the heart to everything America stands for , and I hope those who are responsible are caught , punished , and taught why what they did is so disgusting and offensive . " The stadium is just steps away from Coney Island 's famous boardwalk . The team is the minor league club associated with Major League Baseball 's New York Mets franchise . Jackie Robinson was the first African-American baseball player to play with a modern-era Major League Baseball team , the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 . His jersey number , 42 , was retired in 1997 , though it is still worn by New York Yankees closer , Mariano Rivera . The film "  42 , " which was released in April , tells Robinson 's story of breaking the color barrier in the sport . Honoring ' 42 ' comes slowly to legend 's hometown	NEW : Schumer calls act a "  dagger in the heart " Someone wrote the N-word and drew a swastika on the statue Robinson was the first African-American player in the major leagues Officials are reviewing security video to try to identify who did it
CNN  -- A Florida task force on Friday recommended that the state 's controversial "  stand your ground " law not be overturned . The body , appointed by Florida Gov. Rick Scott , found that the "  majority of Floridians favor an expansive right to self-defense . " The law states that a person is permitted to use force in self-defense without first having to retreat from a potentially dangerous situation . "  All persons who are conducting themselves in a lawful manner have a fundamental right to stand their ground and defend themselves from attack with proportionate force in every place they have a lawful right to be , " the 44-page report said . Since its enactment in Florida in 2006 , the law has been frequently cited in cases ranging from an incident in which a man sprayed a vehicle carrying a known gang member with 14 bullets to the 2011 case of a man who was cleared under "  stand your ground " after stabbing a man in the head with an ice pick during a road rage incident . The number of justifiable homicides reported in the state has skyrocketed since the law went into effect . In the five years before the law 's approval , Florida averaged 12 justifiable homicides a year , according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement . In the six years since , the average is 33 . Scott formed the task force on March 22 in response to the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin , an unarmed teenager . Martin was killed by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida , after a confrontation . The incident sparked national outcry , prompted a Justice Department investigation and raised questions about the controversial law .	The body found that the "  majority of Floridians favor an expansive right to self-defense " The law says a person can use force in self-defense without first having to retreat The task force was formed on March 22 in response to the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin Justifiable homicides reported in Florida have risen since the law went into effect
"  I have made a lot of mistakes falling in love , and regretted most of them , but never the potatoes that went with them , " wrote Nora Ephron in Heartburn . If only most of us were so philosophical about the way we eat when we 're in the throes of a powerful emotion . Unfortunately , after we celebrate our promotion with champagne and cupcakes or drown our romantic woes in a bowl of spaghetti , we tend to feel remorseful . "  I indulged myself , " we might confess , in a hushed tone , to a friend the next day .  Even our choice of word -- indulge -- is loaded , as it implies we are engaging in a vaguely illicit behavior . But is this self-flagellation really necessary ? Some experts say no . "  It 's healthy to emotionally eat once in a while -- to eat for comfort , to celebrate , or just because , " says Jean Fain , a psychotherapist affiliated with Harvard Medical School and the author of "  The Self-Compassion Diet . " "  Sure , you could go for a walk or head to the gym , but sometimes an ice cream sundae is just the thing . " Of course , no one is suggesting that it 's a good idea to routinely pull a Liz Lemon on a gallon of rocky road . Frequent , heavy emotional eating can be a serious issue . However , doing it occasionally might not be all bad . Both your body and psyche are hardwired to make connections between how you feel and what 's on your plate . It 's the way you handle -- and regulate -- your eating that makes the difference between a pleasurable endeavor and a real health concern . Real Simple : Debunking health myths Your physical cravings , demystifiedYour body is no dummy . There 's a reason it yearns for a bowl of crunchy-top macaroni and cheese or a sliver of warm apple pie . "  Foods that are laden with carbohydrates , sugar , or fat simply taste delicious , " says Heather Hausenblas , Ph.D. , an associate professor of exercise psychology at the University of Florida , in Gainesville . But surprise ! Flavor is only part of the reason you crave these foods . Your brain chemistry actually changes when you bite into a bagel or a Twizzler . "  Carbohydrates set off a series of chemical reactions that ultimately lead to a boost in brain serotonin , " says Judith Wurtman , Ph.D. , the former director of the Research Program in Women 's Health at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Clinical Research Center . The higher the levels of serotonin , the more content you feel  at least temporarily  . No wonder cutting out carbs can make you grumpy : A 2009 study from the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization , in Adelaide , Australia , found that low-carbohydrate dieters registered the lowest moods . The same goes for fatty foods . In a 2011 study published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation , subjects were fed through a stomach tube with either a solution of fatty acids or saline . Both groups then listened to music proven to evoke a negative or neutral emotion . Those given the fat were less sad , and brain scans showed dampened activity in areas associated with sadness . The researchers believe this shows that fatty acids can induce a signal from your gut to your brain , which may influence emotions . There are times when we are more physically vulnerable to these triggers -- for example , during periods of stress . "  Chronic stress creates elevated levels of the hormone cortisol , " says Jeffrey Morrison , M.D. , a family practitioner in New York City and the author of Cleanse Your Body , Clear Your Mind  $ 26 , amazon.com  . Your body thinks you 're going through a famine , he explains , which can increase your cravings . Exhaustion is a contributing factor , too . In a 2012 study , Columbia University and St. Luke 's -- Roosevelt Hospital Center researchers found that when subjects were sleep-deprived , seeing pictures of unhealthy foods activated reward centers in their brains . Those centers were less active when the participants were fully rested . Increased reward-center activity may make a person more likely to eat .  See , that 's why you scarfed those doughnut holes while pulling an all-nighter for work . Real Simple : 24 Nutritious  and tasty  snacks The quest for comfortBiology is n't the only reason we eat emotionally . Think back : Since day one , when we were fed in a mother 's or father 's arms , we have associated food with comfort , says Michelle May , M.D. , the founder of the Am I Hungry ? Mindful Eating Program , in Phoenix , and the author of Eat What You Love , Love What You Eat  $ 20 , amazon.com  . As a child , you probably got the food-as-soother message in countless other ways , too : Remember the lollipop the doctor always handed out after a visit ? The teacher who rewarded A students with ice cream ? By adulthood that association becomes ingrained in our minds , says Craig Johnson , Ph.D. , a psychologist specializing in eating disorders and the chief clinical officer of the Eating Recovery Center , in Denver : "  Children 's brains sometimes are n't developed enough to use words to deal with complex feelings , so they may use food to self-regulate emotions . " That 's even more likely if your parents modeled that behavior . In a 2010 study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , researchers brought together mother-preschooler pairs . They asked the moms to rate their own emotional-eating habits . Then they devised an activity during which snacks would be offered to the children . The preschoolers whose moms reported regulating their feelings with food ate more snacks than did the other children . We 're also more likely to indulge  there 's that word again  when we 're trying to bond with others . A 2001 study from Vanderbilt University , in Nashville , showed that people consume more in a group than they do alone , regardless of hunger levels . Eating socially "  may help you feel like you 're strengthening relationships , " says Jennifer Taitz , a clinical psychologist in New York City and the author of End Emotional Eating  $ 18 , amazon.com  . Why ? In that moment , united by a mutual desire to , say , conquer a piece of peanut butter pie , "  everyone feels connected to one another . " Real Simple : 25 easy instant energy boosters When it 's a problemIf you 're unsure whether your emotional eating has gone too far , ask yourself these questions .  Do you frequently eat when you feel emotional but not particularly hungry ? "  When a desire or a craving comes from something other than hunger , eating ca n't satisfy it , " says May . "  If you are eating but do n't physically need the food , you 'll never feel satisfied . " In fact , research published in the journal Obesity in 2007 found that dieters who ate according to internal emotional cues , such as loneliness , instead of physical or external cues lost less weight over time and were more likely to gain it back .  Instead of confronting a problem , do you hit the refrigerator?Psychologists say that numbing yourself with food rather than dealing with your feelings can increase stress , which in turn can raise your blood pressure and weaken your immune system .  Do you punish yourself after having a treat?Guilt can lead to uncontrolled eating , says Georgia Kostas , a Dallas-based registered dietitian and the author of The Cooper Clinic Solution to the Diet Revolution  $ 35 , amazon.com  : "  If you feel bad about eating a scoop of ice cream , excess guilt may lead you to eat the whole carton . Now you 've destroyed any pleasure you had hoped to derive from the ice cream . "  Finally , do you regularly overeat those carby , fatty foods ?  You know -- the ones you crave the most .  Here 's how to know : "  Make good food choices about 90 percent of the time , " says Kostas , "  and reserve the other 10 percent for ` fun calories . ' " If your comfort-food intake often exceeds that percentage , consider cutting back . Real Simple : Low-calorie snacks for every craving Need more incentive ? Recent research indicates that eating a lot of fatty foods can end up negatively affecting your mood over time . In a 2012 study from the University of Montreal Hospital Research Centre , researchers fed mice diets with different amounts of fat . After 12 weeks , the mice that were fed a higher-fat diet showed more signs of depression and anxiety . The takeaway : Although you initially may feel euphoric from eating fatty foods , the more you do it , the worse you feel . The recipe for true happiness just might be healthy , balanced meals , followed now and then by dessert -- and as the ever wise Nora Ephron advised , no regrets . Food for thoughtWant to avoid excessive emotional eating ? Try one of these exercises . Record your emotions . "  For a few days , before you eat , force yourself to write down what you 're feeling and thinking at that exact moment , " says exercise psychologist Heather Hausenblas . "  Seeing your emotions on paper helps you understand what 's happening inside and recognize times when you 're more likely to eat out of something other than hunger . " It really works : A 2008 study from the University of Kentucky , in Lexington , found that people choose lower-calorie foods when they are aware of their feelings . Real Simple : Understanding unfamiliar nutritional terms Show a little self-compassion . The next time you eat in response to a strong emotion , do n't lament your lack of willpower . Research shows that treating yourself gently may help you stave off future bouts of emotional eating . In 2007 researchers at Wake Forest University , in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , asked female subjects to taste-test doughnuts . Half were n't given any special instruction . The other half were given a lesson in self-compassion beforehand . The tester said , "  I hope you wo n't be too hard on yourself . Everyone in the study eats this stuff . " The result : Those who received the "  Be kind to yourself " mandate ultimately ate fewer sweets . Get an assistant . Or , at the very least , ask your spouse or kids to help around the house a bit more . According to a 2012 study from the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health , in Oulu , Finland , feeling burned-out can easily lead to emotional eating . Researchers found that women who were overwhelmed on the job were significantly more likely to use food as a source of comfort and relief than were those who were not . Antidote : Delegate some of your to-do list . Or , hey , ditch a few of the items on it altogether .	Celebratory or comforting meals can often make people feel remorse for indulging themselves "  Foods that are laden with carbohydrates , sugar , or fat simply taste delicious , " says Heather Hausenblas , Ph.D. . If you punish yourself after eating , your emotional eating may have gone too far
NEW YORK  CNN  -- U.S. authorities arrested six people Wednesday on suspicion of smuggling African elephant ivory worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , law enforcement officials said . Imports of African elephant ivory have been banned in the United States since 1976 . The defendants arranged to have ivory from Cameroon , Ivory Coast and Uganda shipped into the United States disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues , authorities said . "  The defendants plundered precious natural resources for personal profit , " U.S. Attorney Benton J. Campbell and other officials said in a statement . "  Their illegal trade threatens the continued existence of an endangered species and will not be tolerated . " Federal agents tracked at least eight shipments , including one worth an estimated $ 165,000 . Federal agents used surveillance and shipping , phone and bank records to track the suspect shipments . Arrests were made in New York , New Jersey , Virginia and Texas . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement division of the Department of Homeland Security were involved in the law enforcement operation . One suspect told an undercover federal agent during a purchase that it was difficult to bring ivory into the United States , but easy to sell it at high prices , the government statement said . Two other suspects also are accused of paying a courier $ 15,000 to bring a shipment of ivory from Cameroon into the United States . The U.S. banned ivory imports in 1976 , and the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora effectively outlawed trade in elephant tissue in 1989 . Illegal trade in African elephant ivory is considered to be a major cause of the continuing decline of elephant populations in Africa . The defendants are expected to appear in court in New York on Wednesday . They face jail terms of up to 20 years if convicted .	Six in four states face federal smuggling charges , U.S. attorney says Ivory reportedly disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues Elephant ivory trade illegal in U.S. since 1976 , worldwide since 1989
CNN  -- Argentina 's Supreme Court ruled Tuesday it is unconstitutional to punish an adult for private use of marijuana as long as it does n't harm anyone else . A recent poll showed 29 percent of Americans believe the best way to deal with marijuana is to legalize it . The unanimous ruling makes Argentina the second Latin American country in the past four days to allow personal use of a formerly illegal drug . The case in question involved five young men who were arrested for having a few marijuana cigarettes in their pockets . Supreme Court Justice Carlos Fayt , who at one time supported laws that make personal use of marijuana illegal , told the state-run Telam news agency that "  reality " changed his mind . Argentina 's action came amid growing momentum in Latin America toward decriminalization of possessing small amounts of certain drugs . Mexico enacted a law Friday that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs , including marijuana , heroin , cocaine and LSD . Earlier this year , a Brazilian appeals court ruled that possession of drugs for personal use is not illegal . Analysts see the shift in attitude as recognition that current methods in the war on drugs are not working . "  It seems quite clear that drug policy based primarily on interdiction and enforcement has failed , " said Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s . "  Therefore , it 's natural for people to stand back and ask , ` Is there a better way ? ' " Pastor noted that some recent research has shown that handling drug use as a health challenge and focusing on treatment may be more efficient . "  What Argentina and Mexico are doing in many ways is blazing a new path , " Pastor said . Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute in Washington , sees a trend at work . "  It 's all part of a harm-reduction approach , " Hakim said , noting that policymakers are shifting away from getting rid of drugs and toward figuring out how to reduce harm to users and society . Mexico has been considering decriminalization for several years , particularly under the administration of former President Vicente Fox , who held office from 2000-2006 . But efforts by the Mexican congress toward decriminalization met with strong resistance from the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush . "  Mexico tried it under Fox and the U.S. got so snippety that they had to back down , " Hakim said . President Obama 's inauguration in January may have changed the calculus , analysts said . The Mexican congress passed the measure in April and President Felipe Calderon quietly signed it into law . In a visit to the United States , Fox said in May a new approach is needed . "  I believe it 's time to open the debate over legalizing drugs , " he told CNN . "  It must be done in conjunction with the United States , but it is time to open the debate . " Earlier this year , Fox 's predecessor and two other former leaders of Latin American nations also called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in strategy in the war on drugs . The three ex-presidents were members of the 17-nation Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , which issued its recommendations in February after studying the issue for a year . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented . Former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because "  you have to start somewhere . " Fox 's predecessor , Ernesto Zedillo , was president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000 . Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990 to 1994 . And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995 to 2002 . In his swing through the United States , Fox said any change in drug laws must be accompanied by an education campaign in schools and homes . And because the United States is a large consumer of marijuana that comes from Latin America , any steps toward legalization must be supported in Washington , he said . Gaviria had said in February that the time was right to start a debate on the subject because of the new administration in Washington . "  In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes . And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " Gaviria said . The Inter-American Dialogue 's Hakim said one recent poll showed that 29 percent of Americans think the best way to deal with marijuana is to legalize it . Pastor , the former Carter official , wondered whether anyone in Washington is paying attention . "  The question , " he said Tuesday , "  is whether the United States will be open to this new path . "	NEW : Argentina court : It 's unconstitutional to punish adult for private use of marijuana Justice tells state-run news agency "  reality " changed his mind Mexico enacted law that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A third day of testimony gets underway in a Los Angeles courtroom Thursday as a judge decides whether Dr. Conrad Murray will face trial for involuntary manslaughter in the death of singer Michael Jackson . On Wednesday , a paramedic and a security guard testified that Jackson appeared to be dead when an ambulance arrived at his home at 12:26 p.m. June 25 , 2009 . "  When I picked him up , his legs were quite cool , " Los Angeles County Paramedic Richard Senneff said . "  His eyes were quite dry . " No pulse was detected , and the paramedics ' heart monitor showed Jackson was "  flatlined " as he lay on his bedroom floor , Senneff testified . Prosecutors contend that Murray 's should be held criminally responsible for giving the pop star a surgical anesthetic , propofol , at home without monitoring equipment . The coroner concluded Jackson died from "  acute propofol intoxication , " in combination "  the contributory affects of the benzodiazepines , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said . Murray allegedly delayed calling for help when he found Jackson was not breathing , misled paramedics and doctors about the series of sedatives and the anesthetic he 'd given him and that he tried to hide evidence when he should have been trying to revive Jackson . Murray told paramedics he had only given Jackson a dose of lorazepam to help him sleep and that he was treating him for dehydration , Senneff testified . When he asked "  how long the patient was down , " the doctor responded " ` It just happened , ' " Senneff testified . The paramedic said that account "  it did n't add up . " Testimony Wednesday also included emotional accounts of crying and praying in the home as Jackson 's children and employees realized something was very wrong upstairs . Jackson chef Kia Chase said the first indication of a crisis was when Murray ran downstairs in a panic and asked her to send Jackson 's oldest son , Prince , and the security guard upstairs . "  His eyes were enlarged , " Chase testified . "  He was screaming . " After the housekeepers started crying , the rest of the staff joined them , she said . "  We started praying , " Chase said . "  We held hands , and we were crying . " Jackson 's two oldest children , Prince and Paris , watched from a bedroom doorway as Murray tried to revive their father before the ambulance arrived , according to Alberto Alvarez , who worked on Jackson 's security team . "  Paris screamed ` Daddy ! ' and she started crying , " Alvarez testified . Michael Jackson 's three sisters , parents and brother Randy listened from the second row of the courtroom as Alvarez appeared to be near tears as he described the scene . "  Dr. Murray then said ` Get them out , get them out . Do n't let them see their father like this , ' " Alvarez said . "  I turned to the children and I told them ` Do n't worry , children , we 'll take care of it . Go outside please . ' " Alvarez testified that Murray asked for his help in collecting medicines from around the bedroom . "  He then grabbed a handful of bottles or vials , " Alvarez said . "  He instructed me to put them in a bag . " It was only then , about 21 minutes after prosecutors say Murray realized Jackson was not breathing , that he asked Alvarez to call for an ambulance . It arrived four minutes later . Jackson 's former security chief testified that Murray seemed not to know how to administer cardiopulmonary resuscitation as he waited for paramedics to arrive at the singer 's house . Faheem Muhammed said he and Alvarez saw Murray crouched next to Jackson 's bed "  in a panicked state asking , ` Does anyone know CPR ? ' " "  I looked at Alberto because we knew Dr. Murray was a heart surgeon , so we were shocked , " Muhammed said . When defense lawyer Ed Chernoff asked if perhaps Murray was only asking for help because he was tired , Muhammed said , "  The way that he asked it is as if he did n't know CPR . " Alvarez testified that Murray told him and Muhammed that he was inexperienced at mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . "  After the second time , he gave a breath , he said ` You know , this is the first time that I give mouth-to-mouth , but I have to do it , because he 's my friend , ' " Alvarez said . Jackson appeared to be dead at that time , with his "  eyes open and his mouth open , just laying there , " Muhammed said . Walgren , the deputy district attorney , earlier said that Murray used "  ineffectual CPR with one hand while the patient was prone on a soft bed . " Using two hands with the patient prone on a hard surface is the proper method , he said . Muhammed , testifying Tuesday , said he never saw Murray performing CPR on Jackson before paramedics arrived and transported the singer to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . The hearing , which began Tuesday , is expected to last two or three weeks , with 20 to 30 witnesses testifying . Judge Michael Pastor will determine whether there is probable cause to send Murray to trial . Murray remains free on $ 75,000 bond . InSession Producer Michael Christian contributed to this report .	Michael Jackson appeared dead when ambulance arrived , witness says Paramedic testifies Dr. Conrad Murray said he was treating Jackson for dehydration Paris Jackson cried "  Daddy ! " as Murray tried to revive her dad , witness says Murray delayed calling 911 for 21 minutes , prosecutor says
House Speaker John Boehner 's not waiting until New Year 's Day for a hangover -- his headache is already here . Back-to-back House Republican dramas in the final week of the year are the latest indication that many of the issues the GOP hoped to leave behind when they take full control of Congress next week -- an unruly base and scandal-prone members -- will continue to dog them in the new year , and might even kick off 2015 with an attempted coup on the Speakership . Though Boehner was successfully able to convince Rep. Michael Grimm to resign on Monday after pleading guilty to a felony tax evasion charge last week , Rep. Steve Scalise , the majority whip now embroiled in scandal over a 2002 address he gave to a white supremacist conference , remains a tougher mess to clean up , leaving the speaker open to attack from the left and the right . In a coordinated move , both Boehner and his deputy , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , issued back-to-back statements of support for Scalise on Tuesday afternoon . But the fallout of his appearance at a conference of the European-American Unity and Rights Organization -- a group founded by the infamous white supremacist and former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan David Duke -- continued into Tuesday night as multiple national newspapers issued op-eds calling for Scalise to resign . But some in the party 's right flank are aiming their fire at Boehner . Facing calls for a coup from his conservative base in next week 's speaker race that grew louder on Tuesday , Boehner ca n't afford to let Scalise , a former Republican Study Committee chairman and one of his strongest links to that conservative base , go . While this would n't be the first time that Boehner 's faced a conservative challenge for his speakership , many on Tuesday began to speculate that the controversy surrounding Scalise , and Boehner 's handling of it , may breathe new life into a challenge . Tom Davis , a former Virginia congressman and chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , warned that starting the new Congress with a coup attempt would be "  catastrophic " for a party hoping to sell itself as the capable and effective alternative to Democrats in the 2016 elections . " -LSB- A speakership coup -RSB- would be the worse thing that could happen to the party . It would show they ca n't govern their own caucus , let alone the government , " he said . "  When people unhappy with Obama look to Republicans for a governing party , this is the last thing they want to see . " He added : "  They have an opportunity to really produce some good legislative outcomes . Why would you jeopardize that at this point by starting of with turmoil ? " Boehner 's backing of Scalese -- a move some on the right see as hypocritical -- put him in a precarious position heading into the speaker election . "  This has got ta make John Boehner nervous , " one House GOP aide with ties to leadership told CNN of the continued controversy surrounding Scalise . That 's because , if the fallout for Scalise continues , Boehner may not be able to afford to keep him . Scalise 's alleged sins are n't unfamiliar to the GOP and exactly the kinds of associations the party is looking to avoid as it seeks to broaden its appeal to minority voters and improve its brand for the upcoming presidential elections . Democrats seized on the development , with a member of Congressional Black Leadership on Monday calling for Boehner to investigate the situation . On Tuesday , a spokesman for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the development "  deeply troubling . " And a House Democratic leadership aide said the party plans to keep up the pressure on Boehner and Scalise in the coming weeks . There are also growing indications that even standing by Scalise may not do Boehner much good in terms of getting a handle on an unruly caucus that 's only grown more frustrated with leadership since the midterms . They recently emerged from a vote on a government funding bill crying mutiny because it failed to adequately oppose President Barack Obama 's unilateral move on deportations and ObamaCare . Conservatives saw Scalise 's vote for the "  cromnibus " as the latest in a long line of his betrayals of the base . Despite repeated attempts , however , conservatives have never been able to lock down the necessary votes to oust Boehner , and a viable opponent , or even send the speaker contest to a second round of votes . But Boehner 's support for Scalise , some say , may cause enough ire within the base to reinvigorate the effort . What conservatives see as unequal treatment for a member of leadership has incensed many still smarting over their dismaying loss in the Mississippi Senate race primary . During that race , Sen. Thad Cochran 's primary challenger , state Sen. Chris McDaniel , took heavy flak from the national and local GOP establishment for being billed alongside a white nationalist as a headliner at a conference that he never ultimately attended . McDaniel has said there 's a clear "  double standard " at work , and in a text message Monday night suggested that double standard could further stoke the ire of conservatives against leadership . "  Conservatives are driven and inspired by principles , not personalities . We therefore seek consistency with our elected officials . To the extent that they are not consistent , anger is the inevitable result , " he said . "  So yes , many will be angry . " Indeed , conservative commentator Eric Erickson , hosting Rush Limbaugh 's talk-radio show on Tuesday , said he 's heard "  pretty credibly " that conservatives have 25 of the 29 votes they need to oppose Boehner and at least send the speaker race to a second round . And he urged some of the incoming GOP freshmen to join the cause . "  Many of these guys ran saying , ' I oppose John Boehner -- are they actually going to stand up now " and vote against him , Erickson asked . "  I think this could undermine the leadership -- and I think that 's a good thing . " And Fox News Host Sean Hannity amplified the calls for a coup in a Tuesday statement to Brietbart News , declaring that it 's "  time for new dynamic leadership " in the House and naming South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy , the chairman of the House select committee investigating the Benghazi attacks , as his pick . Gowdy , however , quickly declined , underscoring the problem conservatives have encountered time and time again when attempting to overthrow Boehner -- they 've found no clear alternative to run against him . And many conservatives came out Tuesday offering their full support for Scalise , including Iowa Rep. Steve King , and Boehner 's allies say they remain confident he 'll be fine in the election . "  These guys thrive on making trouble , " Davis said of conservatives , "  but I do n't think Boehner 's ever been stronger within the conference . " But Republicans on Capitol Hill admit the next week could make or break both Boehner and the GOP 's chance at starting off the new Congress , and the path to the 2016 elections , on the right foot . "  Maybe after this week -LSB- a challenge to his speakership -RSB- could be a more serious conversation -- but everybody I 've talked to seems to think he 's in a very solid shape , " the House GOP aide said . But the aide added : "  It just depends on how Steve does . Boehner has kind of , in a way , tied himself to Steve now . " The fallout : What you need to know	Back-to-back scandals for House GOP this week underscored their challenges in the new Congress House Speaker John Boehner is facing calls for a coup that have grown louder Boehner 's support of Rep. Steve Scalise is necessary for his survival , but could hurt the GOP brand
CNN  -- A few weeks ago , Emmanuela Kolman brought home her middle-school report card . She got an A in band , and her parents could n't be prouder . Any parent would be pleased by an A . But for 13-year-old Emmanuela , who goes by Mano , that A in band is a symbol . It represents eight months of hard work , a collection of new skills , and , most importantly , a complete turnaround in Mano 's social and academic life . Mano has high-functioning autism . That means she walks and talks a little differently than other kids , her parents say , and she 's "  painfully aware " of these differences . Some students at her Staunton , Virginia , middle school treat her "  as someone who is not very cool , " said her father , Barry . Mano has few friends and frequently eats lunch by herself . She sometimes comes home crying because of teasing . She also experiences sudden outbursts of anger and frustration . Luckily , Mano has the dream team of parents on her side . Barry is a clarinetist and music professor at Washington and Lee University . Her mother , Grace , is a counselor working toward her Ph.D. in counseling and supervision at James Madison University . Last summer they were trying to come up with a strategy to help Mano deal with some of the bullying problems at school and decided to attempt an experiment : Barry would start giving her clarinet lessons . Why did they think music would help ? There were a variety of reasons , from emotional to scientific . Her father thought it would help Mano "  channel her frustration through music . " Her mother was interested in the neuroscience behind how the brain deals with music . "  We can not prove anything , but there are many studies that say how the brain can change when you do music-making ... the part of the brain that was n't working very well has to find another way to work . " This is your brain on music Plus , they both desperately wanted to give Mano a social outlet and help her become part of a group . So they began . Barry had taught clarinet to other kids Mano 's age but never someone with autism . He immediately learned he would have to adjust his teaching style . The first lesson , they spent 30 minutes just putting the instrument together . "  With autism , you really need to do one thing at a time , " he said . "  In music , you usually give about four or five commands per sentence , but for children with autism , you just ca n't do that . They kind of freeze ; they do n't know what to do first . So I had to kind of slow down . " He learned to speak Mano 's language , too . When she described the different kinds of notes on a page of sheet music as looking like different types of chocolate -- dark or white -- he went with it . "  There are so many things just to get a note , all this coordination , which is very important in Mano 's case , " he said , explaining that it 's sometimes difficult for children with autism to perform several tasks at the same time . But once she got it , Mano took to the clarinet "  like a duck to water . " Her parents noticed changes in her almost right away . It 's been less than a year since she started playing and already , they say , her speech has improved and she 's more focused in school , which has led to better grades . Although neither of Mano 's parents is technically a music therapist , data published in the Journal of Music Therapy backs up their observations . A 2005 study showed that people with autism who participated in music therapy for a year improved by at least 25 % in one of five areas of focus , including behavior/psychosocial and language/communication . According to the American Music Therapy Association , which publishes the journal , "  Research supports connections between speech and singing , rhythm and motor behavior , memory for song and memory for academic material , and overall ability of preferred music to enhance mood , attention and behavior to optimize the student 's ability to learn and interact . " Everything I need to know , I learned in music class But by far the biggest change the Kolmans have seen has been the improvement in Mano 's social life . "  Playing music can soothe the pain of isolation and provide a safe space where she is accepted , " said Barry . Before , Mano was n't part of a group . Now she has the band . Her parents can tell from the way she brags about being a member that it 's made a world of difference . Mano 's mother cried as she described how being part of the band has affected Mano -- and the whole family . "  I wanted her to have an experience where she would feel good about herself -- that the bullying would be so small in the world that she would not fill herself with anger , " she said . "  And this was a big change . I think the way she 's dealing with bullying now is much different . She 's not coming home crying as before . It 's such a relief . " Barry keeps a journal about the results of teaching Mano clarinet , and he 's posted suggested lesson plans for children with autism on his website . The Kolmans , who have spoken and written about their experience  including on CNN iReport  so that others can benefit , say they 've received dozens of e-mails from parents of children with autism . They 're planning to write a book or manual about their method , and they presented a paper , titled "  Autism Spectrum : Emotional Regulation through Clarinet Lessons , " at last year 's Virginia Counselors Association convention . As for Mano , she just loves to play in the band . When asked about the experience of taking clarinet lessons from her dad , she replied , simply , "  He 's the best . "	Barry and Grace Kolman taught their daughter clarinet to help her cope with bullying Mano , who has autism , started playing in her middle school band last fall Her parents say it 's given her a social outlet and a way to express her feelings They hope to publish a book so other children with autism can benefit from music
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Felony fraud charges against actor Randy Quaid and his wife , Evi , were dropped Wednesday after she accepted a deal on a misdemeanor offense , a California prosecutor said . The Quaids were facing felony charges of defrauding an innkeeper and skipping out on a $ 10,000 hotel bill in Santa Barbara , California , in September 2009 . The couple have paid the bill in full , according to Santa Barbara County Deputy District Attorney Arnie Tolks . After Evi Quaid entered a plea of no contest to one misdemeanor count of defrauding an innkeeper , she was sentenced to three years probation and 240 hours of community service , Tolks said . The Quaids were first arrested in Texas in September on a warrant issued by a Santa Barbara judge . They missed several court dates since then , prompting the judge to order them to jail on Monday unless they posted $ 100,000 bail each , which they did . After the couple showed up for a court hearing on Monday , their lawyer negotiated a plea deal . While investigators had circumstantial evidence against Randy Quaid , they could not prove his direct involvement in dealing with the hotel or the credit card transaction , Tolks said . Evidence showed it was Evi Quaid who handled the business with the hotel , he said . Quaid , 56 , is known for his roles in several films , including the "  National Lampoon 's Vacation " movies , "  Kingpin " and "  Brokeback Mountain . " His younger brother is actor Dennis Quaid . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Felony charges dropped against actor and his wife They were accused of skipping out on $ 10,000 hotel bill Evi Quaid agrees to misdemeanor charge , probation and community service
CNN  On the stage of a TV studio in Phnom Penh , Cambodian-American Ly Sivhong is telling an engrossed audience a tragic , but familiar , story . On April 17 , 1975 -- 40 years ago today -- life as Ly knew it was shattered when her hometown , the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh , fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea . Ly , then 13 , was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who , along with virtually the entire population of Phnom Penh -- about two million people -- were sent on a forced march into the countryside to work . Ly never saw them again , nor learned what happened to them . But about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint , according to war crimes prosecutors ; the others were subjected to slave labor in rural camps once they reached their destination , where many met similar fates . The urban evacuation marked the first phase in the Khmer Rouge 's revolutionary program of social engineering , intended to establish a new order -- free of money , family ties , religion , education , property and foreign influence . Aimed at creating an agrarian utopia , it would instead prove one of the worst genocides of the modern era , resulting in the deaths of at least 1.7 million Cambodians -- about a quarter of the country 's population -- over the next four years . Ly remained in the capital with her father and four other siblings , three of whom would succumb to starvation and disease in the following years , before her father was shot to death before her eyes in 1979 . His killing prompted Ly to leave her sole remaining family member , youngest sister Bo , in the care of a local couple . She set out on her own , making her way to a refugee camp and eventually to the United States . For more than 30 years she has wondered what happened to her baby sister . "  I think she was the only family member to survive , " she says , with tears in her eyes . As she finishes her story , the producers usher a woman on the stage . It 's Bo . Ly embraces her sister and both women sob . "  I missed you so much , " Ly says . "  I 've always searched for you , " Bo tells her . Since production began five years ago , the television show , "  It 's Not A Dream , " has reunited members of 54 Cambodian families shattered by the genocide . More than 1,500 have sought its help . The series is just one example of the ways in which Cambodia 's traumatized society is beginning to undertake the fraught , painful business of reckoning with their history . "  The scars of the Khmer Rouge are very deep and physical and present in modern Cambodia , " said Theary Seng , a human rights lawyer whose parents were killed by the regime , and who moved to the U.S. as a refugee before returning to her homeland as an adult . She described the country as a "  land of orphans . " For decades after the Khmer Rouge were driven from Phnom Penh by Soviet-backed Vietnamese forces in January 1979 , the regime 's crimes were seldom spoken about , let alone attempts made to seek redress for victims . In large part , this was because people remained scared , say experts . Far from being snuffed out by the Vietnamese invasion , the Khmer Rouge existed for another two decades . After fleeing the capital in 1979 , Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot and his supporters established a stronghold in the west . They continued as an insurgent guerrilla force and became part of a government-in-exile that , until 1990 , was recognized by the U.N. as the country 's only legitimate representative . "  In many villages , people have been living side by side with the executioners for decades , " said Krisna Uk , executive director of the Center for Khmer Studies . Craig Etcheson , a Cambodia expert at the School for Conflict Analysis and Resolution at George Mason University , said that "  for many years , there was a virtual taboo on even speaking of the Khmer Rouge , as if the very words were ... a malevolent spirit lurking in the corner of every room . " The silence was also due to the fact that Cambodians , in Seng 's words , "  lacked the vocabulary " of therapy and healing to process a crime of the magnitude of the one perpetrated against their society . The Khmer Rouge 's attempts to reboot society at "  Year Zero " had involved a concentrated effort to exterminate the country 's educated classes -- doctors , lawyers , accountants , engineers , merchants and clergy . "  Nearly two generations of young Cambodian men grew up learning little more than how to kill , " said Etcheson . "  When it was finally time to rebuild , there were effectively no bootstraps with which the country could pull itself up again . " Even today , said Uk , young Cambodians are not taught about the genocide in high school . In an impoverished country -- one of Asia 's poorest , albeit with 7 % predicted economic growth this year -- most young people seemed to be focused on getting ahead than looking back , she said . Some were even skeptical that the Khmer Rouge 's crimes -- the systematic butchery of the "  killing fields " -- had really occurred , she added . The space for discussing , redressing and healing from the genocide only began to open up in the past decade with the establishment of the Khmer Rouge Tribunal , said Seng . Founded in 2006 , the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia  ECCC  is a "  hybrid " tribunal using both Cambodian and international judges and staff to investigate the Khmer Rouge 's crimes against humanity and bring leading regime figures to justice . Intended as a southeast Asian equivalent of the Nuremberg trials , the tribunal , which has cost $ 232 million so far , initially enjoyed broad support . "  We had great hope for this process , " said Seng . "  The presence of the international community raised the comfort level of the population to speak about the Khmer Rouge crimes . " But the pace of proceedings has seemed glacial , given the advancing years of the suspected war criminals , two of whom have died while facing trial . Another was ruled mentally unfit to stand trial .  The Khmer Rouge 's top leader , Pol Pot , died in 1998 , having never faced charges . This , coupled with persistent accusations of political interference from the Cambodian government , has soured attitudes towards the court . Seng , who once appeared as a civil party in proceedings , today regards it as a "  sham . " For many victims , it is "  too little , too late . " OPINION : An ongoing struggle for justice after the Khmer Rouge In the first case heard , Kaing Guek Eav , also known as Comrade Duch -- commandant of the notorious Tuol Sleng prison where more than 14,000 people were killed -- received a life sentence for war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture . The court 's only other verdicts , delivered in August last year , sentenced Non Chea , the regime 's "  Brother Number Two , " and Khieu Samphan , "  Brother Number Four , " to life . Both men have appealed their convictions . In a separate case , the pair are on trial on additional charges of crimes against humanity and genocide . Evidence is expected to continue being heard into 2016 , ECCC spokesman Lars Olsen said . Two further , and highly controversial cases , known as 003 and 004 , are also currently under investigation . Three people were charged last month in relation to those cases : former Khmer Rouge navy commander Meas Muth ; Im Chaem , a former district commander accused of leading a labor camp ; and Ao An , a former deputy accused of overseeing massacres at detention centers . Two other suspects are being investigated . Olsen said no further cases would be pursued after 003 and 004 . Prime Minister Hun Sen , Cambodia 's strongman leader for decades , has long been a vocal opponent of 003 and 004 , claiming that pursuing the cases could push the country towards civil war . Hun Sen himself is a former Khmer Rouge battalion commander , who defected to the Vietnamese side ; his perceived political interference is viewed by critics like Seng as an attempt to shield political allies from the tribunal . Others are more forgiving of the tribunal 's shortcomings . Etcheson , a former investigator for the tribunal , has described it as an "  imperfect vessel " for delivering justice , but says Cambodia 's leaders must strike a balance between two imperatives : delivering justice for victims , and completing the reintegration of former Khmer Rouge into society . He said the most important aspects of the tribunal 's work are those that take place outside the courtroom -- triggering changes in Cambodian society . "  In that respect , the proceedings ... may be shaping up to be more successful than anyone could have hoped , " he added . Undoubtedly , Cambodians today have overcome the fear of talking about the genocide -- to the extent that even the perpetrators feel emboldened to say their piece . Krisna Uk said the country has seen a wave of Khmer Rouge memoirs , written by former cadres wanting to argue their case before they die . "  There 's a lot of people who want to tell the world they 've been fooled by a grand idea of a revolution which went bad , " she said . Khieu Samphan , "  Brother Number Four , " published one such effort ahead of his trial , while Sikoeun Suong , a Sorbonne-educated former diplomat for the Khmer Rouge regime , published his "  Journey of a Khmer Rouge Intellectual " in French in 2013 . He told an interviewer from France 's Le Monde last year that he believed that Khmer Rouge dictator Pol Pot 's prescriptions for Cambodia were sound . "  I remain convinced that the Marxist analysis made by Pol Pot of the socioeconomic situation of Cambodia , a poor and sparsely populated country , was correct , " he said . For survivors , these self-serving justifications for crimes gone unpunished must be hard to take . But for a few of them , at least , Cambodia 's opening up about the genocide has finally brought about the prospect of some healing , however bittersweet . On the stage of the "  It 's Not a Dream " studio , as Ly hugs her long-lost sister , footage of an even older woman is projected on a screen . "  Do you know the person in the video ? " the show 's host asks . "  Yes , " Ly says . "  She is my mother . " Moments later , Te Souymoy , 77 , is brought up on stage . "  Where have you two been ? " Te asks . "  I always worried about you two . " "  I thought you died , " Ly says . The three women cry and embrace . "  It is very miserable for all of us , " the old woman says .	Phnom Penh , the Cambodian capital , fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge 40 years ago today At least 1.7 million people were killed in the subsequent four years , before the regime was driven out Decades on , the country is still struggling to gain justice for victims and heal from the genocide
CNN  -- Eileen Ford , who founded Ford Model Agency 70 years ago , has died at age 92 , the company said . Ford , who lived in Califon , New Jersey , died Wednesday of complications from meningioma and osteoporosis , according to daughter Katie Ford . Ford and her husband , Jerry , helped modernize the modeling industry when they began their now-iconic business in in New York in 1946 . A statement from the agency called her "  an industry icon and pioneer " whose "  contributions to the modeling and fashion industries are unmatched . " "  Eileen Ford was an indomitable force who not only defined Ford Models , but the world of modeling itself , " a statement on the agency 's website said . "  The myriad ways Eileen affected the world of fashion and the public perception of beauty are ineffable . " Ford helped modernize the modeling , leading to the evolution of supermodels in the fashion industry . Ford Model grew into "  one of the world 's most prestigious agencies " because of her "  her unwavering passion , curiosity and drive , " the company said . A quote from Ford accompanied the death announcement : "  You never know when or where you will find the next new model , but you can bet someone from Ford Models will be looking . " Ford Models has branches in New York , Paris , Los Angeles , Chicago and Miami . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Eileen Ford died of complications from meningioma and osteoporosis , her daughter says She and her husband founded Ford Models in New York in 1946 Ford modernized the modeling , leading to the evolution of supermodels Ford was "  an industry icon and pioneer , " the company she founded says
Attorneys for a former Vanderbilt football player charged with rape are asking a judge to toss the case , saying several pieces of evidence have allegedly gone missing . And the attorneys reveal in court papers filed this week that then-head coach James Franklin had a conversation with the woman who later became the accuser in which he asked her to arrange for "  fifteen pretty girls " to help with recruiting . The attorneys for Brandon Vandenburg -- one of four former Vanderbilt football players charged with raping a woman last summer -- say that the accuser told this to police during an interview that has not been handed over during the pre-trial process . In it that interview , the attorneys say , the woman told police that Franklin also contacted her after the rape to check on her well-being since she had helped them with recruiting . It 's not clear how they know what was said in during this missing interview . Police or prosecutors have not confirmed the interview . "  Coach Franklin called her in for a private meeting and told her he wanted her to get fifteen pretty girls together and form a team to assist with the recruiting even though he knew it was against the rules . He added that other colleges did it , " the motion seeking dismissal says . The "  rules " are presumably those of the NCAA . In 2004 , after several allegations of rape at get-togethers designed to woo prospective players , the NCAA passed a rule that said that students who host recruits during campus visits "  must be either current student-athletes or students consistent with the school 's policy for providing campus visits or tours to prospective students generally , " NCAA spokeswoman Emily James told CNN . "  The overall intent of the rule was to preclude athletics departments  from  specific hosting groups , which were most commonly , gender specific . " The NCAA did not say if it will look into the claims made against Franklin in this court filing . "  What is important to recognize about this rule , is that it is not about maintaining a level playing field -- all schools can afford to have all female recruiting club  s  -- it was passed to prevent sexual assaults , to create a healthier environment on campuses , " said Todd Crossett , associate professor of sport management at the University of Massachusettes-Amherst . Crosset has been an expert witness in three Title IX civil suits involving sexual assaults by athletes , including the case at the University of Colorado-Boulder which led to the NCAA 's ban on female hostess recruiting parties . Franklin responded to the motion seeking dismissal with a public statement : "  The allegations that I did something wrong are simply not true . I have cooperated fully with the authorities in this matter but , out of respect for the legal process , I am not able to comment any further . " Vanderbilt declined to comment on an ongoing investigation , and so did Penn State , where Franklin was hired in January and is preparing for a much-anticipated first season . Penn State , coming off the heels of the sexual abuse scandal of Jerry Sandusky , faced some criticism from victim advocates when Franklin was hired , since the case involving Vandenburg and others at Vanderbilt was n't yet resolved . The prosecutor in the criminal case has said that Franklin cooperated with police and "  There 's no evidence whatsoever where Coach Franklin was involved in any way in the cover-up or has done anything inappropriate . " The rest the motion from Vandenburg 's attorneys deals with allegations of misconduct against the prosecutors , whom Vandenburg 's attorneys say destroyed or lost evidence . Davidson County District Attorney General Torry Johnson responded with a statement , saying : "  The fact is , our office has given defense counsel for all four defendants complete access to the investigative file as the materials have become available . " He did not specifically deny whether there was an interview missing . Among the things Vandenburg 's attorneys says he never got missing are text-message records and call logs of Franklin , the alleged victim and other football staff members . The motion also alleges that Franklin met with the woman in the hospital and told her he cared about her because she had assisted him with recruiting . It goes on to request interviews , police records , medical records and communication records . Vandenburg is accused of taking an unconscious Vanderbilt woman into a building on campus on June 23 . He allegedly was joined in his dorm room by three other now-former Vanderbilt football players also indicted on charges of rape : Cory Batey , Brandon Banks and Jaborian McKenzie , authorities said . All four were dismissed from the team following the allegation . They all have pleaded not guilty . Penn State , when Franklin was hired , said the university thoroughly vetted Franklin and dismissed criticism that he was n't a good choice in the wake of the Sandusky scandal that ended the career of legendary coach Joe Paterno and the indictment of the Penn State 's former president , athletic director , and vice president for finance . But claims of a thorough vetting was n't enough to appease some critics . One of them was Jennifer Storm , a victims advocate in Pennsylvania , who said Wednesday that she believes Penn State could not have known all the details in a fluid investigation like the one at Vanderbilt . "  It does n't make any rational sense for an institution coming off such a horrific scandal to then hire someone in the midst of a scandal himself , " Storm said . In 2004 , after reports of women being assaulted at all-female recruiting parties , the NCAA banned such gatherings , although news reports in the last 10 years painted a picture of them continuing to happen at schools .	Four former Vanderbilt football players face rape charges All four have pleaded not guilty Lawyers for one of the defendants say evidence in the case has gone missing The claim comes in a filing by lawyers seeking dismissal of the charge against their client
Seoul  CNN  -- North Korea uses multiple techniques to defy sanctions , and shows no signs of abandoning its nuclear and ballistic missile programs , according to a U.N. report . An eight-member panel of experts said the country "  is experienced in actions it takes to evade sanctions , " including using its embassies . North Korean embassies in Cuba and Singapore facilitated its banned arms trade as proven by the North Korean ship , Chong Chon Gang , which was caught with undeclared weaponry from Cuba in July , the report said . The amount of money made from this trade is subject to debate , but "  there is no question that it is one of the country 's most profitable revenue sources , " according to the report . In addition , the report said it investigated allegations that former NBA star Dennis Rodman and his party took luxury goods to Pyongyang in recent months . While not explicitly accusing Rodman of defying U.N. sanctions on luxury goods , it said there was evidence . North Korea 's missile capabilities "  Media reports corroborated by the panel indicate that among items taken by Dennis Rodman and his party during their visits were sporting goods from various countries , five bottles of vodka  United States  , one bottle of whiskey  Ireland  , two whiskey glasses and one whiskey decanter  Ireland  , and a Mulberry handbag  United Kingdom   taken by Paddy Power , a company based in Ireland . " The report said some of these items are on the U.S. or E.U. lists of banned luxury goods . "  This illustrates the importance of informing individuals and companies of their obligations under the resolutions , " it said . The panel said its investigation is ongoing . North Korean election provides clues to reclusive Stalinist state	U.N. report : North Korea using its embassies to evade sanctions It says former NBA star Dennis Rodman and his party took luxury goods to Pyongyang They included alcohol and sporting goods
Washington  CNN  -- As President Barack Obama prepares to deliver one of the most important addresses of his presidency , the American public remains deeply skeptical and confused about his plan to strike Syria -- what it would accomplish , and whether it is even necessary now , given the Russian proposal to place Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile under international control . With many Americans saying they are still unclear about what Obama wants to do , here are five questions the president must answer before he can begin to sway the court of public opinion in his favor . 1 . Now that there may be a diplomatic alternative -- the Russian plan -- why does the U.S. still need to attack ? This is the most important question of the day . In a major development , Syria has reportedly accepted the Russian proposal to hand over its chemical weapons stockpile to international control , but the details of what was actually agreed to are still murky . The White House is skeptical , cautioning that it could be a stalling tactic , but said it would take a hard look at the proposal . The Obama administration has agreed to work with French President Francois Hollande and British Prime Minister David Cameron , in consultation with Russia and China , to explore the viability of the Russian proposal . These efforts will begin Tuesday at the United Nations and will include a discussion on elements of a potential U.N. Security Council resolution . A stunning turn that could silence Syria war drums Obama told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday that he still needs the threat of military action in order to force a negotiated settlement . If he can win support from Congress for an attack , that threat will be an even more effective tool . Many members of Congress are pushing a nonmilitary route . Sen. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon , sent a letter to his constituents , citing other possible options : international coalitions , economic sanctions , war-crime tribunals . Two senators are drafting a compromise resolution that would hold off on a military strike and give Syrian President Bashar al-Assad the option to sign on to the Chemical Weapons Convention within the next 45 days . If he fails to do so , then a U.S. retaliation would be warranted . The president previously failed to garner meaningful international consensus for a military strike . Russia and China blocked any action at the Security Council . And at the G20 meeting last week , the president did not come away with additional international support , although 14 nations signed on to a letter condemning al-Assad 's tactics in the civil war . But with the Russian deal on the table , now even Iran has said it would support removing chemical weapons from Syria . 2 . Why should the U.S. be worried about what Syria allegedly did ? Is it worth going to war ? Obama must make a convincing case that the use of sarin gas in Syria was a moral abomination that the U.S. and the international community simply can not tolerate , and that allowing it to go unpunished would leave an imminent and continued threat to U.S. national security . But , simply put , Americans are sick of war . In a CNN/ORC poll released Monday , six in 10 say the Iraq war was a mistake and about half say the same thing about the war in Afghanistan . Three-quarters say the U.S. should n't play the role of world policeman . Additionally , nearly seven in 10 say that it 's not in the U.S. national interest to get involved in Syria 's civil war . So the president must provide a really good reason to intervene in another messy conflict in the Middle East , where politics are far more complex than the secular two-party system in the United States . Even more , 72 % , say a U.S. airstrike would not achieve significant U.S. goals . CNN Poll : Part of Syria strike opposition is the messenger 's fault Members of Congress have spoken about the same concern . Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , said on CNN 's "  The Lead " last week that there is "  no military intervention at this stage " that could lead to an outcome favorable to America 's national security interests . As part of the president 's media blitz , National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Monday that al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons "  threatens the national security of the U.S. " and Israel . She said every time chemical weapons are used , it "  raises the likelihood " that terrorists will obtain the chemical weapons , which she said puts U.S. troops and diplomats overseas at risk and opens the door for use of other "  weapons of mass destruction . " Obama will have to make a direct connection to national security and American interests . But after Iraq , the bar to prove a national security threat to the United States seems to be much higher . 3 . What would be the endgame ? Obama will have to explain to the American people the goal of military strikes . He has said his goal is not to take out al-Assad or institute regime change or even to aid the rebels , but to enforce an international treaty outlawing chemical weapons . Deterring future use of chemical weapons and degrading Assad 's chemical weapons stockpile are the reason for U.S. military intervention , Rice argued . Or , alternatively , Obama needs to show how critical congressional support -- and the support of the American people -- are to bringing Syria to the negotiating table to follow through on the Russian proposal . Either way , the president will have to succinctly and clearly explain his argument to the American people . Some question if "  deter and degrade " would even work . Furthermore , is it reason enough , when nearly three-quarters of Americans say a U.S. airstrike would not achieve significant U.S. goals ? U.S. Senate : How they 'll vote on Syria strike The administration promises limited military action . Rice has said the U.S. is capable of a limited strike , pointing to previous military engagements that lasted just hours , including a bombing campaign against Iraq in 1998 . Secretary of State John Kerry said Monday that the campaign will be "  unbelievably small . " The president will have to explain exactly what the endgame is and precisely what "  limited " means . 4 . If the U.S. attacks , what if al-Assad retaliates ? This is a major risk that concerns many members of Congress . If the U.S. military attack is extremely limited and al-Assad retaliates , what are the contingency plans ? Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , asked that critical question : "  What if we execute this strike and then he decides to use chemical weapons again . Do we strike again ? " She said it 's one of her biggest concerns . Al-Assad has said he would respond . "  You should expect everything , " he told PBS and CBS interviewer Charlie Rose . The American people are going to want to hear contingency plans for what happens next if American strikes do n't cripple al-Assad 's chemical weapons use . 5 . Now that Syria has said it would comply with the Russian proposal , why does the president still need to address the nation ? Obama told Blitzer he is n't so convinced that Syria is telling the truth . The administration distrusts Syria and its ally , Russia , and worries that the proposal to hand over its chemical weapons stockpile is simply a tactic to buy time and derail a potential U.S. strike . While the administration indicated that it will look into Syria 's offer , the president does n't want to get burned . So he will continue to press his case for a military strike . And if Syria 's offer proves empty , the president wo n't have lost any time waiting on the sidelines . Syria 's offer , however , has the potential to make Obama 's sales job either easier -- or harder . If Syria is bluffing , the president can come back to the American people and make an even stronger argument for military action . But al-Assad has at least provided the illusion that the stubborn regime is open to an alternative , making Obama 's task of persuading the public to favor a military strike a little more difficult . Still , the feeling inside the White House is that , given the Russian proposal , there may now be less urgency for a vote in Congress . White House officials tell CNN that their position has been strengthened since Syria embraced the proposal to turn over its stockpiles . However , if the U.S. and the international community believe Syria will turn over the stockpiles , but then al-Assad drags his feet , fails to comply , or , worse yet , launches another attack , Obama could come back and say , "  We tried the diplomatic approach , but it failed , " leaving the nation and the world no other alternative but to attack . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Tom Cohen , Michael Pearson and David Simpson contributed to this report .	Obama is scheduled to address the nation Tuesday night from the White House He will need to answer several key questions for the American public Poll : Many think Obama has not done a good job explaining the need to attack Syria New Russian proposal on Syria 's chemical weapons may alter Obama 's message
CNN  -- In the wise words of Joshua Ferris , "  Then We Came to the End . " We 're rapidly approaching the close of 2012 and the technical end of autumn . And of course , according to  pseudo-scholars of  the Mayan calendar , we 're a mere week away from The End of the World . All that finality got us thinking about how folks really manage to lose their netiquette heads when they scramble , legs flailing and akimbo , toward the denouement of events and life chapters . So here is the ultimate  get it ?  guide to a polite big finish . If you 're leaving your job ... Generally , it 's wise to wait until your last day or so to let the LOLcat out of the bag  which is to say , to tweet or blog or otherwise post about your new gig  . Why ? Because until the ink has dried on your contract , you do n't want to run your mouth and risk sharing an update your new company wanted to announce itself . Plus , your current employer might not want to be hit with a torrent of resumes . Remember to give your professional contacts your new e-mail address before your account is shut down . Then social-media up a storm on your first day or after your first week gushing about how much you love your new gig . Just do n't do it during business hours . Obviously . If you 're leaving a city ... The most heartfelt farewells will happen in person , but you do need to let your more casual acquaintances know about the relocation . A mass e-mail is wise , as are a few Paul Revere-esque "  Moving day is coming ! Moving day is coming ! " updates on your social networking site of choice . But brace yourself : You 'll likely continue to receive mass digital invites to events and debauchery in your former city from well-meaning but clueless contacts . Calmly write back to the inviter , explain that you wo n't be attending because you 're flipping 2,000 miles away , and ask to be taken off the attendant chain of e-mails/texts/Facebook messages . If your company goes kaput ... The unemployment rate may have ticked down , but bankruptcies and shut-downs are still rampant  co-columnist Andi 's magazine , "  Martha Stewart 's Whole Living , " was shuttered on Friday , in fact  . Stay classy to aid your job search and keep the bridges behind you unburned . Wait until the employer has made official statements to the press  do n't blow the lid off the thing sooner  , and then use whatever outlets you have to spread the word that you 're back on the market .  Hi there ! Hey , we could n't very well call ourselves Netiquette experts if we were n't big on the Art of Self-Promotion , right ? If you 're leaving your wife ... Digital missives should not , we repeat , should not be involved in the actual dumping . It 's an obvious warning that more than a third of adults bewilderingly ignore . Suck it up and place a phone call or discuss it in person . Then let your close friends or parents or whomever know about the break-up  we recommend using e-mail or the phone  before you go switching up your relationship status on Facebook  or worse , creating an online dating profile  . You do n't want your loved ones to call you in alarm after a stalk-y friend alerts them to your new Single status , do you ? If you 're hanging up your hat as Netiquette columnists ... You take a bow and move on . These last 2.5 + years  and 130 + columns  have been real , and we 're legit grateful to the readers and fans who responded with balanced criticism , intelligent questions and positive feedback . We 've enjoyed mouthing off and calling out netiquette breaches as we saw 'em , and hope you 've picked up a pointer or two . But we 're moving on with our writing lives -- Brenna with a YA novel , Andi with a screenplay -- and we thought it wise to tap out before the world comes to a smoldering end . And to all the haters : Good luck with your lives as well as basic motor tasks . You desperately need it . -- Andi & Brenna	Netiquette columnists sign off with digital farewell tips Do n't start posting about new jobs until old one 's done Mass e-mails are good when you 're moving out of town When wrapping a netiquette column , take a bow and move on
CNN  The video is beyond horrific . Appearing online Tuesday , it seems to show a Jordanian military pilot being burned alive while confined in a cage . ISIS has released footage of its killings before . But this latest video is different in key aspects , and ups the stakes in ways few could have imagined . "  It 's a kind of atrocity pornography , " Karima Bennoune tells CNN . She is the author of "  Your Fatwa Does Not Apply Here : Untold Stories from the Fight Against Muslim Fundamentalism . " "  It 's truly horrifying when you watch the video and you see them really relishing in inflicting suffering deliberately on another human being , and in showing that suffering to the world , " Bennoune says . CNN is not showing images of the pilot 's killing . Here are ways in which the latest ISIS video marks a potential turning point : The 22-minute video is highly orchestrated , shot from multiple camera angles . The pilot , Moath al-Kasasbeh , is forced to play a part in his own execution . He 's seen walking and sitting at a table , speaking , before he appears inside the cage . A member of ISIS lights a long fuse that leads to al-Kasasbeh . Fire engulfs the pilot and he eventually collapses . A bulldozer then comes to bury him , his hands sticking out from the debris . "  ISIS is in the business of propaganda and terrorism is the business of theater . And in many ways , I think they 're upping the ante in terms of the attention and the brutality that they 're engaged in , " says Juan Zarate , a former U.S. deputy national security adviser . Zarate adds that he thinks ISIS is trying to send a message to the Arab members of the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . "  They 're going to be treated brutally , and in fact , maybe perhaps more brutally than other members of the coalition , " he says . Previous ISIS videos have shown the killings of Western captives . One posted last week shows the death of Japanese journalist Kenji Goto . What makes the Jordanian pilot 's case different is that he hailed from a Middle Eastern nation taking part in the anti-ISIS coalition . Al-Kasasbeh was Muslim , as are the vast majority of those killed by ISIS . The manner of execution also is different . In previous videos , hostages were beheaded . A masked man with a British accent , dubbed "  Jihadi John , " has appeared in at least six videos , standing near hostages . He does not make an appearance in footage of the pilot 's death . Sometimes , ISIS has threatened who it will kill next . At the end of its latest video , ISIS shows names and addresses of people it claims are Jordanian pilots . A reward is offered for their deaths . Many analysts are predicting the video will backfire on ISIS , isolating anyone on the fence about its ideology and tactics . But Maajid Nawaz , a former extremist and author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism , " makes the point that ISIS is not speaking to those who oppose it . It 's going after existing terrorists , competing with al Qaeda for foreign fighters . He tells CNN : "  This is a race to the bottom when it comes to the gruesome depictions that they 're showing . "	ISIS has released footage of its killings before , but latest video is different in key aspects "  It 's a kind of atrocity pornography , " says author Karima Bennoune
Republican attorneys general in several states say they are weighing legal challenges to President Barack Obama 's overhaul of immigration rules . The man who rose to conservative stardom as the first attorney general to challenge Obama 's health care law in court , Virginia 's Ken Cuccinelli , said they 're in a "  powerful position to make the legal assault . " But , he said , because Obama 's immigration move was an executive order rather than a bill that worked its way through Congress , attorneys general have less time to prepare their moves than he did in 2010 . "  The best thing to do there is just to take it slow , " Cuccinelli , who now helms the Senate Conservatives Fund , said Friday . "  One of the challenges for lawyers can be explaining first of all , what the legal issue is , and second , its significance . And both of those are important . " "  This should n't be done as a political undertaking , it should be done as a legal undertaking , " he said . "  As long as they keep that focus , understanding they have to communicate to people who are n't lawyers what they 're doing and why , I think they 'll be just fine . " Texas could play the lead role in challenging Obama 's executive order easing deportation for the undocumented parents of children born in the United States and others . The state 's GOP attorney general , Greg Abbott , who 's just weeks away from replacing outgoing Gov. Rick Perry , said Wednesday night that he 's planning to sue . In Oklahoma , Attorney General Scott Pruitt promised a lawsuit . Republicans hammer legal case against Obama Other elected officials also are considering challenges , as well . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said his state will take "  any available legal actions necessary . " At a Republican Governors Association meeting this week , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker all said they 'd consider a lawsuit . Even Joe Arpaio , the colorful sheriff in Arizona 's Maricopa County , said he 's suing Obama over immigration . The list could grow , and it 's already populated with Republicans who could enhance their standing among conservatives by hammering a president deeply unpopular with their base . There are risks , though . Immigration could be a tricky issue for Republicans in 2016 , when their opposition to easing deportation rules -- especially once Obama is out of office -- could alienate Latinos , a rapidly growing group of voters . Cuccinelli said immigration is "  just like Obamacare but with different players . It 's not just some political positive all the time . There will be people who will not appreciate it . " Read transcript of Obama 's immigration speech The legal challenge to Obama 's signature health care reform law was the star turn for Florida 's Pam Bondi , who led the multistate battle that reached the Supreme Court . It also turned Cuccinelli , who had campaigned for office on fighting Obamacare , into a conservative darling -- and catapulted him to the Republican nomination in last year 's governor 's race , though he narrowly lost to Democrat Terry McAuliffe . Cuccinelli 's lawsuit was eventually rejected , but other states had some success with the Supreme Court , which rejected a challenge to the law 's individual mandate but allowed states to opt out of its expansion of the Medicaid program . Cuccinelli said attorneys general needed to play a "  federalist role , " then and now . "  If the AG 's position is this violates the law and the separation of powers , it can not stand for that reason alone . Whatever anyone may think of immigration , then that 's the job of the attorney general , " he said . Opinion : Obama 's immigration move is a win Cuccinelli said there is strength in numbers for attorneys general who , while elected in most states , are usually lower-key lawyers unaccustomed to the spotlight that comes with taking on the White House . "  When one person does something , you look like an outlier , " he said . "  And whether it makes sense or not , the states get a certain level of respect from the courts that other people do n't . When you file an amicus brief and you represent a state , the court reads your brief . It is a powerful position to make the legal assault from . "	States ' top GOP attorneys are considering lawsuits challenging Obama 's immigration overhaul Texas , Oklahoma attorneys general have said they 'll sue , and other states could join them Virginia 's Ken Cuccinelli , who challenged Obamacare , advised them to "  take it slow "
CNN Student News  -- February marks the beginning of Black History Month , a federally recognized , nationwide celebration that provides the opportunity for all Americans to reflect on the significant roles that African-Americans have played in the shaping of U.S. history . But how did this celebration come to be , and why does it take place in February ? We should emphasize not Negro History , but the Negro in history . What we need is not a history of selected races or nations , but the history of the world void of national bias , race hate , and religious prejudice . - Dr. Carter G. Woodson  1875-1950  on founding Negro History Week , 1926 Dr. Carter G. Woodson , considered a pioneer in the study of African-American history , is given much of the credit for Black History Month , and has been called the "  Father of Black History . " The son of former slaves , Woodson spent his childhood working in coalmines and quarries He received his education during the four-month term that was customary for black schools at the time . At 19 , having taught himself English fundamentals and arithmetic , Woodson entered high school , where he completed a four-year curriculum in two years . He went on to receive his Master 's degree in history from the University of Chicago , and he eventually earned a Ph.D from Harvard . Disturbed that history textbooks largely ignored America 's black population , Woodson took on the challenge of writing black Americans into the nation 's history . To do this , Woodson established the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History . He also founded the group 's widely respected publication , the Journal of Negro History . In 1926 , he developed Negro History Week . Woodson believed that "  the achievements of the Negro properly set forth will crown him as a factor in early human progress and a maker of modern civilization . " Woodson chose the second week of February for the celebration because it marks the birthdays of two men who greatly influenced the black American population : Frederick Douglass  February 14  , an escaped slave who became one of the foremost black abolitionists and civil rights leaders in the nation , and President Abraham Lincoln  February 12  , who signed the Emancipation Proclamation , which abolished slavery in America 's confederate states . In 1976 , Negro History Week expanded into Black History Month . The month is also sometimes referred to as African-American Heritage Month . Source : http://blackhistorypages.net/pages/cgwoodson.php , http://www.chipublib.org/002branches/woodson/woodsonbib.html	Use this information to understand the origins of Black History Month
Like millions of Americans this winter , my toddler has the flu . The good news is that , unlike most of our nation 's restaurant workers , my baby does n't have to go to work sick . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is reporting widespread flu in 47 states . During the 2009 swine flu outbreak , the Obama administration told people to stay home when they were sick . That 's why it 's important we understand that , according to research conducted by my organization , Restaurant Opportunities Centers United , almost 90 % of restaurant workers say they do not have access to paid sick leave . Plus , given that the federal minimum wage for tipped workers has been stuck at just $ 2.13 an hour since 1991 , two-thirds of our nation 's cooks and servers and bussers report they can not afford to stay home when they 're sick , because they wo n't get paid and might even lose their jobs . A 2011 study by the CDC found that 12 % of almost 500 food service workers surveyed had experienced vomiting and diarrhea on two or more shifts in the previous year . What 's more disgusting than that ? That restaurant owners essentially force employees to come to work sick because they do n't have paid sick days . This month , 1.2 million people in England suffered from norovirus , also known as the "  winter vomiting bug . " Norovirus is commonly contracted through contaminated food . In 2009 , a bartender with swine flu worked for several days at a Washington hot spot because , he told me , he could n't afford to not go to work . If we do n't pay food industry workers decent wages and ensure they receive paid sick days , then no matter how much the FDA regulates the boiling temperature for processing cheese , restaurant workers will keep sneezing on our dinner and food-borne contamination and illness will continue to be a problem . The health of our nation 's 10 million food service workers is intimately tied to the health of millions of Americans who routinely eat food prepared by someone else . One in six Americans gets sick from a food-borne illness every year , and when those instances can be traced to a single cause , in more than half of cases it 's a restaurant . Specifically , research shows that somewhere between 48 % to 93 % of all food-borne norovirus outbreaks may be tracked back to sick food service workers . The federal Healthy Families Act , expected to be re-introduced this year , would require all businesses with 15 or more employees to provide up to seven days of paid sick leave each year . San Francisco , Seattle , the District of Columbia and the state of Connecticut have already approved such legislation locally . If we pay restaurant workers a living wage and ensure they can stay home when they 're sick , that means fewer taxpayer dollars on public health emergencies and fewer stomach aches for diners as well . When we get the flu , we just want to stay in bed and have someone care for us . We should allow restaurant workers the ability to do that , too . America would be a healthier place for it .	Saru Jayaraman : Restaurant workers , who rarely have paid sick leave , can spread flu She says minimum wage for tipped workers is $ 2.13 / hour ; To earn living , they must come in Jayaraman : Congress should pass Healthy Families Act , which would legislate sick leave
CNN  -- Reserve Virginia police captain Kevin Quick 's body has n't been confirmed found , yet that did n't deter authorities from announcing Friday that they have charged five people in connection with his disappearance and his death . Scores of police opened a press conference Friday -- exactly one week after Quick 's family last reported seeing him -- by turning to face a flag as it was lowered to half-staff in Quick 's memory . Addressing Quick 's family , Michael Wilhelm -- the police chief in the small central Virginia city of Waynesboro where the 45-year-old Quick was a volunteer officer and also lived -- said , "  Words can not begin to express the sorrow we feel just knowing that you are bearing such a profound loss . " Authorities have not said how , when or why Quick died . Nor have they specified his relation to those involved in his disappearance and death , including whether he knew them personally , was targeted for his police work or perhaps was randomly targeted . Speaking in a general sense to law enforcement colleagues , Wilhelm said , "  I ask that you continue to honor 's Kevin memory and let his tragic loss serve as a reminder that the work that we have dedicated our lives to is not finished . " Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corrine Geller then spoke about a man 's body found on Thursday near the Goochland-Fluvanna county line , between Richmond and Charlottesville , before adding that it had n't yet been positively identified as Quick or as anyone else . "  However , due to the time that has transpired since Kevin 's disappearance , the fact that his vehicle was abandoned , and his whereabouts have not been established yet , we have transitioned from a disappearance investigation to a death investigation , " Geller said . The police spokeswoman detailed a number of significant developments in the case , including the arrests of three individuals -- 22-year-old Gert Wright , 49-year-old Leslie Hope Casterlow and 31-year-old Anthony Stokes , Jr. -- "  without incident " on Thursday night outside of a Prince William County hotel . All three are being held without bond at Henricho County Jail on felony charges of being "  a principal in the second degree " to Quick 's death and of gang participation . This is in addition to previously announced arrests of three siblings Tuesday night at a hotel in the Washington suburb of Alexandria , Virginia . Daniel Mathis and his sister , Mersadies Shelton , have been charged with grand larceny in the theft of Quick 's 1999 Toyota 4Runner . A second sister , Shantai Shelton -- who has not yet charged directly in Quick 's case -- was picked up on an outstanding warrant from Louisa County , east of Charlottesville , where Sunday night 's armed robbery took place , Geller said earlier this week . The 18-year-old Mathis also was charged with robbery , malicious wounding and a variety of weapons-related charges in connection with the Sunday-night robbery , but no details of that holdup were released . Geller , from the state police , said investigators "  are still piecing together ... this network of individuals and determining exactly what role , what acquaintance , what association they may have had with one another . " She emphasized that no one yet has been deemed directly responsible for Quick 's death . Still , murder charges could be forthcoming -- perhaps against someone who has n't been arrested yet . "  There are additional charges pending in this , " Geller said . "  There may possibly still be additional arrests . " Arrests made in truck theft , but police captain still missing Last seen by family one week ago In 1990 , Quick joined his father in the reserve arm of the Waynesboro , Virginia , police department -- members of which are n't paid but hold ranks , have badges and carry firearms like full-timers . He rose up the ranks while working paying day jobs , including the past 15 years as a production coordinator for the synthetic fabrics company Invista . His position there was eliminated in what Waynesboro police Sgt. Brian Edwards called an "  amicable " separation . The morning of Friday , January 31 , he 'd taken his mother -- with whom he was living in Afton -- out to breakfast at a local Cracker Barrel . That meal was the last time Quick 's credit card was used , according to Edwards . He 'd also spent that day prepping for his brother 's surprise birthday celebration , including getting the venue and music in order . Quick had been legally separated from his wife since 2007 , but their divorce was not final , Edwards said . He said another woman gave birth to Quick 's daughter four months ago , and he was headed to their home in neighboring Albemarle County at the time he disappeared . According to an affidavit , Quick texted his child 's mother , saying he was on the way . His phone has been turned off since last Friday night . In fact , he was last seen about 10:15 p.m. that night leaving the Afton , Virginia , home that he shared with his mother . Authorities said his family believed the officer was off duty at the time and heading to a friend 's house in neighboring Albemarle County about 20 miles away . But he never made it there . Never showed up for family birthday party His family reported him missing the following day , after Quick failed to show up for the birthday party for his brother that he 'd planned . His 4Runner was captured by surveillance cameras at automatic teller machines twice . The first time was in the town of Fork Union , about 50 miles from Afton , about 11:40 Friday night ; the second was in Manassas , on the outskirts of Washington , on Saturday night , Geller said . Each time , the same two people were in the picture , she said -- but authorities have n't said which , if any , of those arrested were in the image . The SUV turned up parked under a carport on rural property in Mineral , more than 30 miles northeast of Fork Union , on Monday . Three days later , state police and a Fluvanna County investigator went down Old Columbia Road after getting "  some intelligence that these individuals may have been out there , the vehicle may have been out in that area . " They stopped and found a man 's body shortly before noon in a wooded area on private property . That body was transported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Richmond to undergo an autopsy and be positively identified . Such an identification is n't the only missing piece of the puzzle . Authorities also still have n't found a weapon that may have been used to kill Quick , nor have they publicly outlined a motive . But on Friday , they did begin the grieving process . Wilhelm , the Waynesboro police chief , urged people to look out for Quick 's family , friends and former colleagues . "  No one can make it through this alone , " he said . "  We must continue to support Kevin 's family , his friends , and our brothers and sisters from our law enforcement family . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this story .	NEW : Authorities do n't have a weapon or confirmation of Quick 's body , but say he is dead NEW : It 's not known how all 5 arrested are connected or who killed the reserve police captain The reserve police captain 's family reported him missing after he did n't show for a party 2 siblings are charged with stealing SUV ; 3 are charged in his death , but not with murder
San Pancrazio , Italy  CNN  -- Helen and Armando Rendn recently visited Tuscany , Italy , for the first time . Residents of northern California , the couple took part in the June 29 candlelight procession honoring massacre victims at San Pancrazio . Rendn , an author , teacher and civil rights lawyer , describes how the experience allowed him a rare glimpse inside the "  real Tuscany , " not the storybook one depicted in the movies . A former schoolteacher , Helen was reminded of the injustices she witnessed in her native Baghdad during World War II . Here is an edited transcript of their interview . And read the full story of San Pancrazio . What was your experience participating in the San Pancrazio procession ? Armando Rendn : I realized that we were the only two people who were n't from Italy or Europe . It was like we were representing the whole rest of the world . I remember just before night fell there was a beautiful sunset . The whole sky was just ablaze . It made me wonder what it was like in 1944 on that date and whether the sky was as beautiful as that . I thought of what the people must have gone through because they thought they were out of the way . But all of a sudden they had these tanks and soldiers coming in and gathering all the men up and killing them . And it was such a contradiction between what we 're looking at and what must have happened on that date . That really stayed with me . Helen Rendn : I felt very sad to hear what was going on . I was really very , very sad . They were just a delightful group of people really . And I thought : "  Oh my gosh , that 's terrible . Why -LSB- did -RSB- this happen to them in 1944 ? " I know about the history of the Nazis , but I did n't know about that town and what they did . Do you remember something from the evening that affected you ? AR : I did n't feel , or sense , any bitterness or hate . That struck me very strongly . They were just there to remember and not to hate . When everything was over , we went to this little club that sits in the back of the village . Some of the older guys were out in the front , chatting and smoking and having a beer or wine . And we went in and got something to drink . They knew that we could n't really speak Italian . We could just say hello . But there were a feeling of acceptance of "  thank you for being here . " What was your family 's experience during WWII ? AR : I had grown up in San Antonio , Texas . My grandmother and my aunt were the ones who were raising me during the war years . My mother had gone off to Oakland , California to work . In fact , she worked in a parachute assembly plant . I lived mostly with my grandmother and she had five boys . Four of them went into the service during the war years . You know how they put stars on the windows when you had somebody in service ? She had four stars in her front window . I did n't realize all this until I was much older and then I started to ask questions . So I knew the kind of sacrifices my grandmother had gone through . I do n't think I really had experienced first-hand the kind of feeling that I felt at San Pancrazio and saw the place where the men had been killed and there were still some bullet holes in the wall . Just incredibly inhumane . That gave me a whole different sense of what the war must have been like to people who were otherwise innocent , and just waiting and hoping that it would be over and pass them by . HR : I was sitting with my parents in Baghdad , Iraq and the Muslims were coming by our house to go to the Jews to kill them . And we told them : "  No , no we do n't have them . " We were lying so that they would leave . That 's what my father was doing . I did n't know what was going on but I was listening and they said : "  Be quiet . Get in the house . " So they were going into the houses -- they were all empty -- and they started shooting . They stole all their clothes , all their furniture . They were very proud to be with Hitler . My dad was very worried about the beautiful neighbors , the Jewish neighbors we had . How did the experience change your opinion of Tuscany ? AR : I had a romanticized idea about Tuscany : a lot of vineyards and people drinking wine out on their patios . I think it 's still a romantic place . It 's a very human place . What I learned from San Pancrazio was that people suffered . And there was a very difficult history . To recollect the way they do it is really beautiful . It left me feeling very happy to have experienced those moments with them . We saw another side of the Italian people that not many people see . That was really a humbling experience . HR : For me , Tuscany is great . When I finished seeing that beautiful little town , it 's great . It did n't affect me negatively . I was sad for them , but it was so delightful . I was impressed by the children and the grandmothers because they were sitting and talking while the children were laughing , running and playing . They were very happy . What thought would you like to leave us with ? AR : We honor the soldiers -- the warriors -- the men and women that fought for us and died for us to keep our freedom alive . But we often forget the people , the mothers and fathers , the families that were behind them , waiting for them to come back . So we have to remember the people who sacrificed on the battlefield , but also those who sacrificed at home . And certainly , San Pancrazio gives us an example of the tremendous sacrifice of people who were otherwise innocent . It just reinforces my conviction that we can not use war as an option in working out our problems .	Couple who attended San Pancrazio memorial share their feelings Armando Rendn : To recollect the way they do it is really beautiful Helen Rendn : The children were laughing , running and playing . They were very happy .
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The Bangladesh Awami League , led by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , won Sunday 's parliamentary elections , which were marred by low turnout and violence and were boycotted by the largest opposition group and its allies . At least three people were killed in post-election violence Monday between supporters of two rival candidates in Dohar , on the outskirts of the capital , Dhaka , Dhaka district police Superintendent Habibur Rahman told CNN . In the Dohar district , Awami League candidate Abdul Mannan , a former land minister , was routed by Jatiya Party candidate Salma Islam . At least 18 people were killed over the weekend as opposition activists clashed with police as they tried to foil the elections . More than 150 voting centers were burned . According to the Election Commission , elections were held in only 147 districts Sunday . The candidates from 153 other districts were elected unopposed , as there were no opponents because of the boycott . On Sunday , the Awami League won 105 seats , while the Jatiya Party , led by former President Hussain Muhammad Ershad , won 13 seats , according to the Election Commission 's unofficial results . Bangladesh votes amid violence , opposition boycott Independent candidates won 13 seats , and other small parties won eight seats . The Election Commission will hold new voting in eight districts where it suspended elections because of violence Sunday . Including the results from unopposed elections , the Awami League has won 232 seats so far , and the Jatiya Party has won 33 seats . The Bangladesh Nationalist Party , led by former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia , and its allies boycotted elections and announced it would try to prevent voting with general strikes and road blockades . The party on Sunday urged the government to cancel the election results and announce schedules for new elections under a neutral caretaker government . Zia said she would not participate in elections unless they took place under a neutral caretaker government , but Hasina rejected the demand .	Awami League wins 105 seats ; counting unopposed seats , it holds 232 of 300 seats At least three people killed Monday in post-election violence in Dohar Elections were boycotted by the largest opposition group and its allies ; turnout was low Many seats were won without opposition , because of the boycott
CNN  -- A South Carolina woman undergoing treatment for infection with a rare case of "  flesh-eating " bacteria was in critical but stable condition Thursday at Greenville Memorial Hospital , a hospital spokeswoman said . Lana Kuykendall , 36 , "  underwent her fifth debridement surgery to remove necrotic , or dead , tissue from her lower leg , " said Sandy Dees , senior media relations coordinator for Greenville Hospital System University Medical Center , in a news release . Kuykendall was admitted and diagnosed last Friday with necrotizing fasciitis , the release said . A team of surgeons , critical-care physicians and infection disease specialists was monitoring her condition , which is typically managed by surgery , antibiotics and aggressive supportive care , it said . "  She remains very ill but stable , " Dr. Bill Kelly , the hospital epidemiologist , said in the release . Kuykendall was healthy when she gave birth to twins on May 7 in Atlanta but went to the hospital near her home in South Carolina a few days later after noticing a rapidly expanding bruise on her leg , her husband , Darren , told CNN on Wednesday . Doctors there removed dead skin and tissue from her legs and she was put on a ventilator , he said . Kuykendall is a nurse and paramedic ; her husband is a firefighter . The twins are healthy , he said . A two-hour drive south of Greenville , in Augusta , Georgia , 24-year-old Aimee Copeland was battling similarly aggressive bacteria on Thursday . Doctors have amputated one of her legs and surgically removed part of her abdomen . Her father , Andy Copeland , told CNN on Wednesday that her fingers , too , will have to be amputated . Still , "  Aimee continues to be in good spirits , " said a blog posted on the website of the Psychology Department at the University of West Georgia , where Aimee Copeland is a graduate student . "  Two major medical developments today for Aimee , " it said . "  Those will be announced later today once Andy has the opportunity to type them out . Stay tuned . " Copeland contracted the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila when she fell May 1 from a homemade zip line that broke and cut her leg . The gash required 22 staples . Days later , still in pain , she went to the Augusta hospital , where doctors diagnosed her with necrotizing fasciitis . The psychology student is on a ventilator and has undergone a tracheotomy . Flesh-eating bacteria explained A number of bacteria can cause the condition , which attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The bacteria are common in the environment but rarely cause an infection ; when they do , the body 's immune system is almost always able to fight them off , according to experts . Occasionally , however , the bacteria find their way into the bloodstream -- either through a cut or an abrasion . In such cases , doctors move aggressively , excising even healthy tissue near the infection site to ensure none of the dangerous bacteria remain . Necrotizing fasciitis is rare . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimated in a telephone interview on Wednesday that fewer than 250 cases occur each year in the United States , though such estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report	Lana Kuykendall has undergone five surgeries to remove dead flesh Doctors have removed tissue from both legs She was stricken soon after delivering healthy twins
Former President George W. Bush says a New York grand jury 's decision not to indict the police officer who choked and killed Eric Garner was "  hard to understand . " In an interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley , Bush said his reaction to watching video of the incident that led to Garner 's death was "  how sad . " "  You know , the verdict was hard to understand , " he said . "  But I had n't seen all the details -- but it 's sad that race continues to play such an emotional , divisive part of life . " RELATED : George Bush picks Jeb over ` sister-in-law ' Hillary in 2016 Bush said the United States has improved since the 1970s , when he was young , and said he remembers "  race riots with cities being burned . " Bush discussed the recent racial unrest that followed a Missouri grand jury 's failure to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson , who is white , in the shooting death of Michael Brown , who was black , over dinner with his former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . "  We talked about this subject , and yeah -- she just said , you got ta understand that there are a lot of black folks that are incredibly , more and more , distrusting of law enforcement , " Bush said . "  Which is a shame , because law enforcement 's job is to protect everybody . "	George W. Bush called the grand jury 's decision in Eric Garner 's death ` hard to understand ' He said he discussed racial issues recently with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Bush said race relations have improved in the U.S. since he grew up in the 1970s
CNN  -- After eight years as senator from New York , Hillary Clinton is trading places , moving from Congress to the incoming administration . Former President Bill Clinton has been mentioned as a possible replacement for his wife in the Senate . On Monday , President-elect Barack Obama announced that he asked his former rival to be his secretary of state . That means the scramble begins to replace Clinton on Capitol Hill . Among those mentioned to take her seat as New York 's junior senator is her husband , former President Bill Clinton . At a news conference in Chicago , Illinois , on Monday , after Obama announced her selection , Clinton said she wanted to "  thank my fellow New Yorkers who have , for eight years , given me the joy of a job I love with the opportunity to work on issues I care deeply , in a state that I cherish . " Clinton added that "  leaving the Senate is very difficult for me . " The task of choosing a successor falls to David Paterson , New York 's Democratic governor . Whomever he picks would serve for two years , before a special election in November 2010 to decide who fills the last two years of Clinton 's term . Paterson has a strong bench to choose from . There are a number of contenders , including at least eight members of New York 's delegation in the House of Representatives , New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown , Bronx Borough President Adolfo Carrion , Nassau County Executive Thomas Suozzi , Caroline Kennedy , and her cousin , Robert Kennedy Jr. . "  This is not an election . This is not a campaign . It 's a constituency of one . David Paterson . It 's all about what the governor wants to do , " said political analyst Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of The Rothenberg Political Report . "  Paterson has said he would prefer someone from upstate New York , or a woman or an Hispanic candidate , " Rothenberg said . As for some of the more unconventional picks , Rothenberg said Paterson could "  try to make a splash with a big name like Robert Kennedy Jr. " or a "  quirky interesting pick " of someone like Caroline Kennedy , who is not a politician . But some are suggesting the former president should take his wife 's seat . In an op-ed column last week in The Washington Post , journalists Karl Meyer and Shareen Blair Brysac urged Paterson to "  send Bill Clinton to the Senate . " If that happened , Clinton would become the third former president to go from the White House to Capitol Hill . President John Quincy Adams lost his re-election bid in 1828 . Two years later he returned to Washington after winning election as a congressman from his home state of Massachusetts . He served in the House of Representatives until his death in 1848 . President Andrew Johnson also served as a Senator from Tennessee in 1875 , 7 years after the Senate acquitted him of impeachment charges . He died a few months after taking office . Bill Clinton would bring gravitas to the job , and he obviously knows his way around Washington . But some Democratic strategists who used to work for Bill Clinton do n't think the former president would want to go from leader of the free world to being the junior senator from New York . Clinton 's office deferred to Paterson 's office when asked for a comment . In a statement released Monday in which he praised the choice of Hillary Clinton for the nation 's top diplomatic post , Paterson said , "  In order to appoint the best possible candidate to replace Sen. Clinton , I am consulting with a wide variety of individuals from all across New York State . "  I expect to announce Sen. Clinton 's replacement when the position becomes officially vacant , " he said .	Sen. Clinton tapped to be secretary of state in Obama administration New York Gov. Paterson will name Clinton replacement in the Senate Appointed senator will serve two years before special election Caroline Kennedy , Robert Kennedy Jr. among those mentioned
For the world 's Muslims , the festival of Eid al-Fitr is a perfect conclusion to Ramadan -- the month-long period of fasting and contemplation practiced by observers of Islam around the globe . One of the most festive periods in the religion 's calendar , Eid is often commemorated with large feasts , family-time , and through charitable acts and donations . As part of CNN 's series celebrating the most spectacular festivals and events across the globe , we asked our readers to share their images of Eid traditions , both past and present . In response , we discovered a rich narrative of the holiday , and customs as diverse as the people who celebrate them . For Yassir O. Nassif in Saudi Arabia , Eid means measuring his three-year-old son Mazin up for new clothes , in this case a brand new customized thobe , a traditional ankle length garment commonly worn in Gulf countries . But the holiday is not just about the outfits -- it 's about the family , he says . Sweet Eid : Breaking the fast with world 's tastiest treats "  We have scheduled breakfasts , lunches and dinners -- I never knew how exhausting it was on my parents until I became one myself , " he said . "  But I enjoyed it as a kid and would love my children to have the same pleasures . After all it 's only three days , better make the best of them and make each day count ! " The wearing of new clothes and looking one 's best for the festivities can , for women , extend to the hennaing of hands -- a ritual captured by Laurens Meulman while visiting Agra , home of the iconic Taj Mahal in India . "  The henna-painted hands of one of the women in the group caught my eye and I asked her if I could to take a photo , " Meulman said . Though not Muslim herself , she says the holiday always reminds her of "  good food , sweets , sharing , being with family and generosity . " In Malaysia , family preoccupied the thoughts of Dina Syazwani Sipal Anuwar , a 24-year-old teacher from Selangor who sent in an image via Instagram of her family in matching colored clothes celebrating Eid last year . The photo is particularly poignant for Dina as it was the last Eid her father , Sipal , a policeman , was able to spend with his family before he unexpectedly passed away in January . "  I think it was one of the signs that father would leave us , the last Eid we could take a perfect photo as a whole family , " she said . CNN Celebrates : View all Eid photos on iReport Respect and appreciation for others was also on the mind of graphic designer Anupama Kinagi in Mumbai , India , when he captured this affectionate moment outside a mosque in the city and related a poignant custom put on by local authorities . He said that the police officer outside the mosque "  especially arranges for rose flowers to greet Muslims outside on this special day , " he says . "  Muslims accept their wishes and thank them for their extraordinary service . " Of course , after a month of fasting , food takes center stage . Libyan-American Sammi Addahoumi , currently spending his summer in the Libyan city of Benghazi , satisfies his sweet tooth with delicious sweets made in a local bakery . Kunafah are mouth-watering Arabic sweets extremely popular during Eid . It has several variations according to the part of the Middle East where it is served . All have one thing in common -- they are delicious . "  Whether stacked or braided , stuffed with nuts or cream , it 's always saturated for a period of time in syrup before it is ready for the public , " he said .	Eid , or Eid al-Fitr , marks the end of Ramadan , the holy month of fasting in Islam We asked for readers ' best Eid memories and photos via CNN iReport Photos showing local Eid celebrations flooded in from Trinidad and Tobago to India Food , family , celebration and charity were some of the most important themes
CNN  -- Four people died when a small plane with 10 aboard crashed in southwestern Alaska on Friday evening , authorities said . The Cessna 208 went down near St. Mary 's village after it was reported missing the same day . Its wreckage was later discovered . The relatives of the deceased have been notified , said Megan Peters , a spokeswoman for Alaska State Troopers . The deceased are Rose Polty , Richard Polty , Wyatt Coffee and the pilot , Terry Hansen . No more information was available on the victims . The U.S. Coast Guard , state troopers and Life Med Alaska responded to the scene . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating , the agency said in a tweet .	NEW : NTSB is investigating The Cessna 208 went down near St. Mary 's village It was reported missing the same day The relatives of the deceased have been notified
