CNN  -- A woman who admitted her role in kidnapping Utah teen Elizabeth Smart in 2002 was sentenced Friday to 15 years in federal prison . Wanda Eileen Barzee , 64 , apologized to the Smart family during the 30-minute sentencing in U.S. District Court in Salt Lake City . "  I know the gravity of my crimes and how severe they have been , and I 'm just so sorry , again , for all the pain and suffering I have caused upon the Smart family , " Barzee said , according to court transcripts . As part of a plea deal between the defense and federal prosecutors , Judge Dale Kimball gave Barzee credit for seven years that she already has served , the U.S. attorney in Utah said . After her release , at about age 70 , Barzee will be on supervised release for 60 months , federal prosecutors said . Barzee pleaded guilty in November to federal charges of kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor in Smart 's kidnapping . In exchange for her guilty plea , she agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband , Brian David Mitchell , federal prosecutors said . "  The United States believes that a 15-year sentence reflects the seriousness of this offense , promotes respect for the law and provides just punishment , especially considering the defendant 's past cooperation and continued willingness to cooperate in this case in the future , " U.S. Attorney Carlie Christensen said . Smart 's mother , Lois , addressed Barzee at the hearing , calling her acts unconscionable and evil . "  Wanda Barzee , what you did to our family and to our girl Elizabeth was wrong . It was wrong , and it was evil . You hurt our family in ways that you will never know . We had sleepless nights . We had endless days , " she said . But the family has not let bitterness overtake them , she said . "  Elizabeth is doing beautiful . She 's brilliant . She 's bright . She is thriving , but not because you helped her in any way at all , " Lois Smart said . "  I hope that you will be able to make peace with your maker . " Outside the courthouse , Smart 's father , Ed , expressed mixed emotions over the sentence . "  It is what it is . I 'm grateful that she is going to be deemed a sex offender , she 's going to have to register , " he told CNN affiliate KUTV . When pressed by a reporter as to whether the sentence was appropriate , Ed Smart sighed heavily . "  I think that Elizabeth felt that it was n't strong enough , but to have it come to an end , it 's been so many years , " he told KUTV . Barzee and Mitchell were accused of abducting Smart , then 14 , at knifepoint from her bedroom in June 2002 . She was found nine months later , walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy with Barzee and Mitchell , a drifter and self-described prophet who calls himself Emmanuel . He had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home . The month after they kidnapped Smart , Barzee and Mitchell attempted to break into the home of Smart 's cousin but were unsuccessful , prosecutors alleged . In state court in February , Barzee pleaded guilty but mentally ill to one count of conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in the attempted kidnapping of Smart 's cousin . In exchange for her plea , prosecutors dropped state charges against her in Smart 's abduction , Volmer said . "  Mr. Mitchell 's attempt was thwarted when the minor child awakened , which caused Mr. Mitchell to flee , " the court documents said . After her arrest in 2003 , Barzee told authorities that she and Mitchell went to the home to abduct the girl and planned to hold her , along with Smart , in the couple 's camp in the mountains , according to court documents . In a separate hearing in state court Friday afternoon , Barzee was sentenced to one to 15 years to be served concurrently with her federal sentence . Under Utah law , the state parole board decides how much time a defendant actually serves , Utah state courts spokeswoman Nancy Volmer said . Barzee 's mother , Dora Corbett , attended the hearing , where Barzee made a similar statement to the court , Volmer said . Ed Smart also addressed the court . Barzee had been housed at the Utah State Hospital while courts determined her competency as well as Mitchell 's . After years of being declared incompetent , she recently was declared competent to stand trial , according to the Salt Lake Tribune newspaper . A state court had ruled that she could be forcibly medicated , and that ruling led federal prosecutors to proceed with bringing a case against the couple , the Tribune said . At a competency hearing for Mitchell in October , Smart , now 21 , testified that she had been held captive in Utah and California . Just after her abduction , Mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her , she said . During the nine months of her captivity , Smart testified , no 24-hour period passed without her being raped by Mitchell . In March , Kimball ruled Mitchell competent to stand trial . His federal trial is set to begin November 1 . State court proceedings against him were put on hold pending the outcome of the federal case .	NEW : "  I hope that you will be able to make peace with your maker , " Lois Smart says NEW : Elizabeth Smart 's dad says she feels sentence not strong enough Wanda Barzee gets 15 years less time served , concurrent with state sentence In exchange for plea , Barzee agrees to cooperate in prosecutions against husband
CNN  Lindsey Vonn lifted her crystal globe prize with pride after winning the World Cup downhill title for a seventh time , Wednesday . A crystal ball might be more useful for the American star , who has faced plenty of slippery slopes in her dramatic skiing career . The 30-year-old has twice fought back from a career-threatening right knee injury but this season she has been back to her brilliant best . At the final meeting of the ski season in the pretty French resort of Meribel , Vonn raced to more records on the women 's World Cup tour -- a seventh downhill season title and her 18th crystal globe overall . The sparkly spheres are handed out to winners of the World Cup individual disciplines . "  This downhill title probably means more to me than the others because I 've been through so much , " Vonn told CNN 's Alpine Edge . "  It means everything to me , this is what I 've been working so hard for for the last two years . "  This season definitely got off to a better start than I expected and I 've had some ups and downs for sure but to come away with a globe after a long season is something that I 'm really proud of , so it could n't be better for me right now , I 'm so thrilled . " Vonn , who credits boyfriend Tiger Woods with inspiring her recovery , fended off the challenge of Austria 's Anna Fenninger to claim the downhill crown by 103 points . Despite the softening snow , the American won the downhill race with a fastest time of one minute , 29.87 seconds while Fenninger finished off the pace in eighth . As she crossed the line , she punched the air and screamed at the crowd when she saw she was in first position . After receiving her crystal globe , she celebrated with her team by popping champagne and spraying it over her nearby supporters . Vonn and Fenninger will renew their rivalry Thursday for the super-G title , where Vonn holds an eight-point lead over her challenger . If Vonn wins tomorrow she will equal Swede Ingemar Stenmark , who owns an overall record of 19 crystal globes . "  I 'm not thinking about that , " Vonn insisted with a laugh . "  It 's always hard to get titles - it 's a long season , and it takes a lot to win the crystal globe but tomorrow I 'm just going to be focusing on skiing my best , just as I did today . "	Lindsey Vonn wins record-breaking seventh downhill title It 's also a record 18th World Cup title for the American ski star
CNN  -- Not many opponents have come close to beating Serena Williams in recent months , but the tennis star had to overcome her own "  super crazy " hair to win her first match since claiming double Olympic glory . The world No. 4 continued her imperious recent run with a 6-3 6-4 win against Greek qualifier Eleni Daniilidou at the WTA Tour 's Cincinnati Open for her 35th victory in 36 singles matches . Williams has won singles and doubles Olympic gold at London 2012 and the Bank of West Classic since being crowned Wimbledon champion for a fifth time last month . However , the second seed was left frustrated after making 44 unforced errors against Daniilidou on Tuesday as she began preparations for another tilt at her home U.S. Open later this month . Supreme Serena gets golden slam "  That 's shocking . It 's unprofessional . Hopefully I clean up my act for my next match , " the 30-year-old told the WTA Tour 's website ahead of her last-16 clash with either Poland 's Urszula Radwanska or Kazakh qualifier Yaroslava Shevdova -- who she beat in the last 16 at Wimbledon . On her hairstyle , Williams remarked : "  I need to calm it down . It 's really big . It was a little windy , so it was getting in my face , and I put it in this '80s scrunchie I happened to have . "  The look is n't new . I 've just let it go super natural and super crazy and not care . It 's fun . " Opinion : Why focus on Gabby Douglas ' hair ? Williams has won 66 singles and doubles titles in her career , but the 14-time grand slam champion was a little unsure about where Cincinnati featured in her resume . "  I 've won this tournament . I have . When it was n't this big . But it counts , " the American said before reconsidering . "  I did win this tournament , did n't I ? "  Maybe I did n't . I ca n't keep up . I do n't think I did . Okay , whoops . Yeah , I did n't win this tournament . I thought I did . I really thought I did . " Williams ' older sister Venus , her gold medal-winning doubles partner at London 2012 , is also yet to win the hard-court tournament . The former world No. 1 has struggled in recent years with injury and illness , having been diagnosed with Sjogren 's Syndrome during last year 's U.S. Open . But the wild-card entrant battled past Russia 's 12th seed Maria Kirilenko 6-3 6-7  5-7  6-2 in her first-round match before discussing her ongoing health problems and her ambition to play in a fifth Olympic Games in 2016 . "  I 'm trying different things all the time , " said the 32-year-old seven-time grand slam winner . "  I keep working with my doctors . "  Nothing can prevent bad days , but the bad days are n't as bad as they used to be . Now I realize I have to hang in there if I 'm not having the best day . My main goal is to be 100 % , but it 's not like it goes away . "  It 's still in my body trying to fight against me , but I 'm fighting against it as well ... I ca n't wait until Rio . I 'm very excited about Rio . That will probably be my last one . By that time I 'll be creeping up in age . " Samantha Stosur , who beat Serena Williams in last year 's U.S. Open final to win her first grand slam title , survived a spirited fightback from Spain 's Anabel Medina Garrigues to win 6-3 6-7  6-8  6-4 in Cincinnati and also reach the last 16 . The third seed let match point slip in a second-set tie-break and fell 4-0 behind in the decider before rallying to win six games in a row . "  It was an interesting third set considering the whole match was really quite close , " said the Australian . "  There were no breaks in the second set , and then straight away I got myself in quite a hole quite quickly . "  I thought I could still regroup and close that gap just a little bit , and if you do that , you never know what can happen . I got on a roll and managed to squeeze it out . " In the men 's tournament , 2003 U.S. Open champion Andy Roddick is out after injuring his back during a 7-6  7-4  6-3 defeat to French lucky loser Jeremy Chardy . The former world No. 1 now faces a race against time to fit for the Flushing Meadows grand slam . "  I just had a little bit of a back issue the other day in practice , " the 29-year-old told the ATP Tour 's website . "  I was supposed to play yesterday and we had a late request to delay it . I felt fine early on , and then I had one lunge forehand and , we have all had it , your back kind of goes out or spasms a little bit . It got progressively worse . " Meanwhile , American 10th seed Mardy Fish began his campaign with a straight-sets win over Spaniard Feliciano Lopez , while his compatriot Sam Querrey set up a meeting with Britain 's defending champion Andy Murray -- the Olympic singles gold medalist -- by beating Austria 's Jurgen Melzer . Kvitova wins first title of 2012	Serena Williams continues winning run against Eleni Daniilidou in Cincinnati World No. 2 says her "  super crazy " hair was a distraction during the match Serena 's sister Venus also victorious against 12th seed Maria Kirilenko Andy Roddick loses to Jeremy Chardy in the men 's draw after suffering a back injury
CNN  -- A polar bear twin born last month at a German zoo has died less than a week after its sibling , zoo officials announced Saturday . One year ago Vera gave birth to Flocke , pictured here playing in April . The young bear died Friday at the Nuremberg Zoo , three weeks after the twins were born to the zoo 's 6-year-old bear , Vera . The first twin died Monday , the zoo said . Zookeepers watching the bears ' cave on a closed-circuit video feed had noticed in the morning that the baby bear looked weaker , the zoo said . Around 2 p.m.  10 a.m. ET  , Vera suddenly became excited , darted out of the cave and back in again , and started rebuilding her straw nest . At that point , zookeepers saw that the young bear was making no more noises and was dead . Zoo Director Dag Encke said he regretted the deaths . "  Vera nursed regularly and the young animal always slept well afterwards , so it seemed certain that it received enough milk , " he said . "  The reason that the young animal wasted away so quickly is not known . " It was a year ago this week that Vera gave birth to Flocke , whose cute antics and fluffy fur made him an instant celebrity across Germany .	Baby polar bear dies less than a week after its twin in German zoo Bears were born three weeks ago to mother Vera They were siblings to bear named Flocke , who became a celebrity in Germany
More than a century before Johnny Depp wore a terrifying crow headpiece in new Disney film "  The Lone Ranger , " another hero of the Wild West was carefully arranging his own remarkable disguise . Sometimes he dressed as a preacher , at other times a tramp , and occasionally even a woman . But beneath the elaborate costumes was always Bass Reeves -- a 19th-century Arkansas slave who became a legendary deputy U.S. marshal , capturing more than 3,000 criminals with his flamboyant detective skills , super strength and supreme horsemanship . ` Texas in Queens ' : The story of New York City 's black cowboys Sound familiar ? As one historian argues , Reeves could have been the real-life inspiration behind one of America 's most beloved fictional characters -- the Lone Ranger . "  Many of Reeves ' personal attributes and techniques in catching desperadoes were similar to the Lone Ranger , " says Art Burton , author of "  Black Gun , Silver Star : The Life and Legend of Frontier Marshal Bass Reeves . " "  He was bigger than the Lone Ranger -- he was a combination of the Lone Ranger , Sherlock Holmes and Superman , " Burton told CNN . "  But because he was a black man his story has been buried . He never got the recognition he deserved . " Legendary Lone Ranger It 's a world apart from the fictional Lone Ranger , who remains one of most the iconic Wild West heroes of the 20th century . First appearing on a Detroit radio station in 1933 , the masked man on a white stallion who brought bad guys to justice was hugely successful , with the series running for over two decades . It spawned novels , comic books and an eight-year TV show starring the most iconic Lone Ranger of all -- actor Clayton Moore . Indeed , Disney 's new film -- featuring Armie Hammer as the Lone Ranger and Johnny Depp as his trusty native American Indian sidekick Tonto -- is just the latest in a long line of films depicting the legendary lawman . So what 's that got to do with Bass Reeves -- one of the country 's first African American marshals , who was born almost 100 years before the Lone Ranger made his radio debut ? Hi-Ho Silver ! Quite a lot , argues Burton , pointing to similarities such as their gray horses , penchant for disguises , use of American Indian trackers , and unusual calling cards -- Reeves gave folks a silver dollar to remember him by , while the Lone Ranger left silver bullets . As for the iconic black mask , the link is more symbolic . "  Blacks at that time wore an invisible mask in a world that largely ignored them -- so in that societal sense , Reeves also wore a mask , " said Burton , a lecturer at South Suburban College in Illinois . "  When the Lone Ranger first started appearing in comic books he wore a black mask that covered his entire face . Why would they do that ? There was deep physiological connection going on . " Then there 's the Detroit link . Many of the thousands of criminals captured by Reeves were sent to the House of Corrections in Detroit -- the same city where the Lone Ranger character was created by George Trendle and Fran Striker . "  It 's not beyond belief that all those felons were talking about a black man who had these attributes and the stories got out , " said Burton . "  I have n't been able to prove conclusively that Reeves was the inspiration for the Lone Ranger , but he was the closest person in real life who had these characteristics . " Real life superhero In fact , if the newspaper clippings , federal documents , and handed-down stories are anything to go by , Reeves was n't just a lawman -- he was a 6 foot 2 inch moustachioed muscleman who was so honorable he even arrested his own son . Born a slave in Arkansas in 1838 , Reeves headed to the Civil War front line in the 1860s , working as a servant for his master in the Confederate Army . While there , he managed to escape to the Indian Territory -- now the state of Oklahoma -- living with native American Indians and learning their languages and tracking skills . So renowned were the father-of-10 's shooting skills and horsemanship , that in 1875 he was appointed deputy U.S. marshal . "  He was a big guy for his time , " said Burton . "  If you got in a fight with Reeves it was the worst decision you could make in your life -- it accounted to suicide . "  He was also an excellent horseman -- the Indians taught him how to make himself appear smaller in the saddle , helping him with disguises . " Such was the skilled rider 's love of horses , he even bred them on his farm . Indeed , many of the first U.S. jockeys were African American slaves who had originally worked in their master 's stables . Lost legacy ? In his 32-year career , Reeves became a Wild West celebrity , with folk songs springing up about the marshal with almost mythical strength . He died in 1910 , at the impressive age of 71 , just as segregation laws were starting to take effect in his home state . Last year , a 23-foot  7-meter  bronze statue of Reeves , in all his gun-slinging glory atop a horse , was unveiled in Fort Smith , Arkansas . "  He 's one of America 's most important heroes and it 's sad his story is n't known more than it is , " said Burton . "  But unfortunately , the majority of black history has been buried . "  Even today , nobody knows where Reeves is buried -- I like to tell people he 's still in disguise . "	Disney releases latest Lone Ranger film , but who was the real-life inspiration ? Historian believes it could be African American U.S. Deputy Marshal , Bass Reeves The 19th-century Arkansas slave became legendary lawman in what is now Oklahoma They have many similarities , such as a gray horse , silver calling cards and disguises
Washington  CNN  -- Federal Aviation Administrator Randy Babbitt resigned Tuesday , three days after he was arrested on a drunk driving charge near his suburban Washington home . In a brief statement released to the media , Babbitt said he had submitted his resignation to his boss , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , and that LaHood had accepted it . Babbitt , 65 , a former airline pilot and president of a major pilots ' union , said serving as FAA administrator had been "  the highlight of my professional career , " adding , "  But I am unwilling to let anything cast a shadow on the outstanding work done 24 hours a day , 7 days a week by my colleagues at the FAA . " His statement made no mention of his arrest , although it was clearly the event that precipitated his action . Earlier in the day , Secretary LaHood told reporters he was "  very disappointed " that he had learned about Babbitt 's Saturday night arrest only after the Fairfax City , Virginia , police department issued a news release about the incident . In a statement released just minutes after Babbitt announced his resignation , LaHood called Babbitt a "  dedicated public servant and outstanding leader . " "  I 'm proud to say that we have the safest aviation system in the world , and thanks to Randy 's stewardship , it became safer and stronger , " LaHood said . "  He worked tirelessly to improve relations with the labor community and bolstered employee engagement among his 49,000 colleagues at the FAA . " Fairfax City police arrested Babbitt late Saturday night after they allegedly saw Babbitt driving on the wrong side of the road . The police put out a news release on Monday morning detailing the incident . Babbitt was alone in the car , and was cooperative , police said . He was released on personal recognizance , meaning no bail was required . The police department said Babbitt failed a sobriety test , but they did not release the results of any blood-alcohol test . On Monday , DOT officials appeared to be caught off-guard when the police department , in accordance with its policies , issued a news release saying Babbitt had been arrested . DOT officials Monday afternoon issued a statement saying that Babbitt had asked for a leave of absence , and it had been granted . A court date for Babbitt has been set for February 2 in Virginia . Deputy Administrator Michael Huerta is serving as acting administrator .	NEW : FAA head Randy Babbitt resigns after a weekend charge of drunk driving NEW : Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood accepts Babbitt 's resignation Police allegedly saw Babbitt driving on the wrong side of the road
Iranian journalist Yeganeh Salehi , detained in Iran since July , has been freed , according to Iran 's state-run IRNA news agency and The Washington Post . Salehi was held with her husband , Washington Post Tehran Bureau Chief Jason Rezaian , and he remains behind bars , The Post reported Sunday after speaking with a family member . Salehi was released on bail last week , The Post said . It 's unclear why Salehi and Rezaian were arrested . Gholam-Hossein Esmaili , the director general of the Tehran Province Justice Department , has been quoted by IRNA as saying that a "  Washington Post journalist has been detained for some questions and after technical investigations , the judiciary will provide details on the issue . " Four journalists detained in Iran , three of them Americans He has not specified on what grounds the correspondent , whom he did not name , was being held . Iranian security forces are vigilant about all kinds of enemy activities , Esmaili added , according to IRNA . This summer , before the couple was arrested , CNN 's Anthony Bourdain met them while filming an upcoming episode of his "  Parts Unknown " show . "  They were so positive about their country . I think there was just not a hint of anything that could cause anyone in any government to find fault , " Bourdain said on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  So it 's just beyond me what they could possibly have done to bring this on themselves . As far as I 'm concerned , they were fantastic ambassadors for a little-understood country . " Iran releases main seized with reporter Human rights activists and other journalists have demanded the release of the couple . Iran has ranked among the world 's top three worst jailers of media workers every year since 2009 , according to independent nonprofit Committee to Protect Journalists .	Yeganeh Salehi was let go ; her husband , of The Washington Post , is still held , paper says Jason Rezaian is The Post 's Tehran bureau chief , the newspaper reports The couple was arrested in July , but it 's unclear why
Editor 's Note : In an exclusive series this week on "  Campbell Brown , " the FBI has unveiled three additions to its list of the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives . The FBI says Semion Mogilevich has been involved in arms trafficking , prostitution , extortion and murder for hire . NEWTOWN , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Semion Mogilevich may be the most powerful man you 've never heard of . The FBI says Mogilevich , a Russian mobster , has been involved in arms trafficking , prostitution , extortion and murder for hire . "  He has access to so much , including funding , including other criminal organizations , that he can , with a telephone call and order , affect the global economy , " said FBI Supervisory Special Agent Peter Kowenhoven . Mogilevich 's alleged brutality , financial savvy and international influence have earned him a slot on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list , though he has lived and operated from Moscow , Russia , for years . Watch CNN report on Mogilevich " "  He 's a big man . He 's a very powerful man , " FBI Special Agent Mike Dixon said . "  I think more powerful than a John Gotti would be , because he has the ability to influence nations . Gotti never reached that stature . " He is accused of swindling Canadian and U.S. investors out of $ 150 million in a complex international financial scheme . It centered on a firm called YBM , which purportedly made magnets at a factory in Hungary . Authorities say the scheme involved preparing bogus financial books and records , lying to Securities and Exchange Commission officials , offering bribes to accountants and inflating stock values of YBM , which was headquartered in Newtown , Pennsylvania . In a raid in 1998 , FBI agents found a treasure trove of documents -- purchase orders , invoices , shipping orders , even technical drawings -- everything a legitimate business would produce . But there was one thing missing . "  There were no magnets , " Dixon said . It was all a sham , investigators say . "  In essence , what his companies were doing was moving money through bank accounts in Budapest and countries throughout the world and reporting these to the investment community as purchases of raw materials and sales of magnets , " Dixon said . And because the company was publicly traded , anyone owning the stock would have made a lot of money . "  And of course Mogilevich controlled large , large blocks of stock from the outset , and he made a substantial amount of money in this process , " Dixon said . Investors lost millions into the pockets of Mogilevich and his associates . He and his associates were indicted in 2003 on 45 counts of racketeering , securities fraud , wire fraud , mail fraud and money laundering . Russian authorities arrested him last year on tax fraud charges , but because the United States does not have an extradition treaty with Russia , he remained beyond the reach of U.S. law enforcement . He is now free on bail . The FBI believes Mogilevich moved on after YBM and began manipulating international energy markets , giving him a large influence on other nations . Dixon noted that Mogilevich had control or influence over companies involved in natural gas disputes between Russia and Ukraine . Authorities say Mogilevich , who has an economics degree from Ukraine , is known for his ruthless nature but also for his business acumen , which led to his nickname "  the Brainy Don . " "  He has a very sophisticated , well-educated , loyal group of associates that he works with , " Dixon said . "  He hires top-notch consultants , attorneys , risk management firms to assist him and protect him in his criminal ventures . " Louise Shelley , an organized crime expert from George Mason University , says Mogilevich is a new kind of criminal . "  The major criminal organizations in Russia have not only tapped into people with economics degrees , " Shelley said . "  They 've tapped into people with PHDs in finance and statistics who assist them . " The FBI hopes Mogilevich will eventually travel to a country that has an extradition treaty with the U.S. But , in case he does n't , his wanted poster will be distributed all over Russia .	Semion Mogilevich accused of taking U.S. , Canadian investors for $ 150 million FBI believes he moved on to manipulating international energy markets FBI : Mogilevich 's business degree , large influence on nations make him dangerous Alleged Russian mobster known for his ruthlessness , power , business acumen
CNN  -- Ukrainian protesters vacated the capital 's city hall Sunday in exchange for the government dropping charges against arrested demonstrators , an official said . Protesters vacated city hall , unblocked a major street and left other government buildings as part of an amnesty deal calling for the opposition to vacate government buildings in Kiev , opposition parliament member Arsen Avakov said . They had occupied the city hall for nearly three months . Protesters will remain outside city hall and will not allow police inside , he said . The opposition plans to hold a rally Sunday morning . Ukraine is mired in a political crisis that has led to the Prime Minister 's resignation . Thousands of demonstrators have packed Kiev 's Independence Square since November , when President Viktor Yanukovych reversed a decision to sign a trade deal with the European Union and instead turned toward Russia . Violent confrontations flared after a sweeping anti-protest law was signed weeks ago , and an uneasy standoff remains on the streets . Despite concessions such as the deal , Ukraine 's opposition parties continue to call for constitutional reforms to shift power away from the president . Ukraine , a country of 45 million people , is split between pro-European regions in the West and a more Russia-oriented East . Its leader and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on a $ 15 billion deal for Russia to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price of natural gas . Yanukovych has resisted calls for him to step down and defended the government 's handling of the political crisis .	In exchange , the government will drop charges against arrested protesters Ukraine is mired in a political crisis that has led to the Prime Minister 's resignation The opposition wants more concessions from the government
CNN Student News  -- May 1 , 2014 This Thursday , we cover how nationwide elections were unfolding in Iraq , how floods are forcing rescuers to get creative in Florida , and how the MERS virus is causing concern in the Middle East . We also look into the technology and controversy surrounding traffic light cameras , and we show you how a Yale study is going to the dogs . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might social media help educate audiences about disease outbreaks ? How might you determine if a social media source is credible on this topic ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . sectarian violence 2 . MERS 3 . citation Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What Middle Eastern country held its first elections since U.S. troops left in 2011 ? What was the current prime minister predicting regarding voter turnout ? What was the cause of the deaths of at least seven people at polling places yesterday ? What different groups are responsible for the violence in this country ? 2 . What kind of natural disaster hit parts of Florida and Alabama after the same storm system brought tornadoes to the central and southeastern U.S. ? Approximately how much rain fell in 24 hours in parts of Alabama and Florida ? 3 . What is MERS ? What are some of its symptoms ? According to the video , what do reported cases of this disease have in common ? Where was this disease first detected ? In what regions of the world has it been reported ? Why are some concerned about the number of cases ? How have authorities responded to this concern ? 4 . According to the video : Approximately how many traffic light cameras exist in the U.S. today ? What happens to the images taken by some of these cameras ? Who decides whether to issue tickets to the drivers ? What might be some benefits and downsides to these cameras ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think it is important to know something about political systems in countries other than your own ? Why or why not ? How might knowledge of another country 's government be of value to students , leaders and businesspeople living outside that country ? 2 . In the video , we learn that MERS is a type of coronavirus . What do you know about viruses ? Where would you go to learn more about this kind of virus and how it is spread ? 3 . What is your opinion of traffic light cameras ? Do you support or oppose their use ? State your rationale . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- U.S. boxing history reveals that it is a sport that has traditionally been the "  bluest " of blue-collar athletic endeavors . It has always held out the promise -- despite the odds -- of advancement for young men with the talent and guts to succeed in an often bloody undertaking , beginning with the arrival of the Irish in the mid-19th century , and for African - Americans and the later influx of Jews , Italians and Hispanics , whether U.S.-born , from Mexico or from the Caribbean . Three of the earliest success stories in this history were men of Mexican-American heritage from Los Angeles : Solomon Garcia Smith in the 1880s ; Joe Salas , the first Latino to medal in boxing in the Olympics , in 1924 ; and Bert Colima , Pacific Coast champion in three divisions during the 1920s . These men challenged the notion that Spanish-surnamed men were not good athletes with the physical capability and mental acumen to succeed in corporeal competition . In subsequent decades , Latinos continually proved themselves worthy in the boxing ring and on the baseball diamond , the football field , the basketball court , and elsewhere . Little by little , as economic and educational circumstances improved during the years following World War II , such athletes came to represent local communities , and a few competed at the professional level . While the world of sport did come to recognize talent of Latino participants , many female athletes continued to be shortchanged for most of the 20th century . In recent decades , the playing field has been leveled substantially , in part due to Title IX -- the 1972 law that increased opportunities for women in high school and college athletics -- and a series of court decisions . Still , there remain barriers -- economic , educational , familial , and cultural -- to increasing the percentage of Latinas participating in athletics . My recent work documents the struggles that young women confront as they seek opportunities to play soccer and other sports in Midwestern communities that have seen an explosion in their Hispanic populations in recent decades . Many of these young women are keen to share in the triumphs and joys of athletic competition on behalf of their hometowns . Some even aspire to earn athletic scholarships that assist their families in paying for college , but their hopes are often checked . Marlen Esparza , a Latina boxer vying for the Olympics , follows the tradition of other Latino athletes who broke barriers . They compete for their own success and glory , but also enter the boxing ring or take to the field for other Latinos who will never vie for professional titles . Their stories exemplify two key issues affecting our nation 's future : first , the demographic transformation of small town America , and second , the role of sport as a vehicle to break down barriers between "  new arrivals " and their neighbors . As Marlen Esparza and other Latinas gain acceptance in "  nontraditional " sports , the path for young girls in small towns gets a bit easier . The success of Esparza at a national level demonstrates the possibilities that participation in sport can have for this generation . A chance to compete on the basketball court and soccer field can open entirely new social and academic prospects for young women . And by wearing the name of their school on their jerseys , Latina athletes are seen as local heroes who are accepted by the general populace . Just as Italian-Americans reveled in the triumphs of Joe DiMaggio and Yogi Berra , likewise it is conceivable that a greater sense of pride , acceptance , and community may result from Latinas bringing fame to their hometowns through their on-field exploits . Marlen Esparza is in the vanguard of what we can expect from Latina athletes in the future . Her successes will open doors for young women who will grasp the opportunity to compete in athletics and in our nation 's classrooms . What could be more American than that ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jorge Iber .	Jorge Iber says boxing in U.S. has long been chance for advancement among immigrants He says it lets Mexican-Americans show mettle , become source of pride in communities Title IX helped open opportunity to women too ; Olympic hopeful Marlen Exparza one example Iber : For Latinas , especially "  new arrivals , " a chance in sports helps them join community
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida  Reuters  -- The U.S. space agency NASA on Thursday confirmed it had discovered the apparent sabotage of a noncritical component of the international space station due to be carried up by the space shuttle Endeavour . It launched an investigation after finding cut wires in a piece of computer equipment intended to transfer data from station sensors to the ground , the agency said . NASA says it discovered the apparent sabotage of a noncritical component of the international space station . NASA said it will try to launch Endeavour on August 7 for the spacecraft 's first mission in nearly five years . Endeavour , fresh from a complete overhaul and the last of NASA 's three remaining shuttles to return to flight following the 2003 Columbia disaster , is due to carry out a construction mission to the $ 100-billion space station . It will be NASA 's second shuttle flight of the year . Endeavour was almost totally rebuilt during its overhaul and was like a new space shuttle , shuttle program manager Wayne Hale told reporters at Kennedy Space Center in Florida , where the launch will take place . "  It 's like driving a new car off the showroom floor , " Hale said . Endeavour 's seven crew members include teacher-astronaut Barbara Morgan , who trained 22 years ago as the backup to teacher-in-space Christa McAuliffe , one of the astronauts who died when Challenger blew up at liftoff in January 1986 . Endeavour will be carrying a new support beam for the half-finished space station and a replacement gyroscope needed to help the outpost maintain its position in space . Among the shuttle 's upgrades is a new system that will enable the spacecraft to tap into the station 's electrical system and stay longer at the outpost . If the power transfer system works properly , NASA plans to extend Endeavour 's mission from 11 to 14 days . That will allow time for the crew to finish extra work preparing the orbital outpost for the arrival later this year and next year of laboratories built by Europe and Japan . It also will carry a module loaded with about 5,000 pounds of equipment and supplies for the station crew . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	NASA reports apparent sabotage after computer found with wires cut Computer supposed to be sent to the international space station in two weeks NASA hopes to repair computer in time for August 7 launch
CNN  -- A compromise is putting rah , rah , rah back in place of no , no , no at a Florida school that had banned cheerleader skirts administrators said were too revealing for the classroom . The decision to prohibit cheerleader skirts during classroom hours had been ridiculed as short in spirit by some Countryside High School cheerleaders and parents . School leaders said the uniforms just were n't appropriate for classrooms and did n't fit into student dress codes . Under the compromise between Pinellas County Schools and the cheerleading team , the skirts will have to be lower than the cheerleaders ' fingertip reach , and no sleeveless tops will be allowed , school district spokeswoman Melanie Marquez Parra told CNN Friday . Sophomore Jeana Fraser has been cheering since middle school , and she scored a spot on the Countryside High School Varsity cheerleading team this year . Before the compromise was announced , she told CNN affiliate WFLA that her "  shorter than mid-thigh " skirt was a part of tradition : The football players and cheerleaders wear their uniforms each Friday during school on game day . Jeana said dressing up for game day is a way for students to get excited for the football game . Jeana 's father , David Fraser , told CNN that some kids "  just do n't wear as many clothes as they should , " primarily because of the Florida heat . He said he understands administrators were in a tough spot , but he noted that cheerleading is part of Americana . Her mother , Norma Fraser , agreed , telling WFLA the ban was "  almost un-American . " Marquez Parra said all 16 schools in the district have a dress code , and have for some time , but Countryside is an example of a school that is increasing enforcement . The spokeswoman told CNN the emphasis should be on academics , and noted squads express their spirit during school hours at several schools in different ways . At one , cheerleaders wear their uniform tops , with sleeves , and matching bows in their hair .	A compromise allows cheerleader outfits in a Pinellas County , Florida , high school The district bans too-short cheerleader skirts during classroom hours A cheerleader 's mother says the ban was "  almost un-American "
CNN  -- Facebook 's decision to file for public status later this year means its No. 2 executive , Sheryl Sandberg , might be worth as much as $ 1.6 billion . According to Forbes , that would catapult her just below the seemingly untouchable Oprah in the ranking of the richest self-made women . She wo n't have much company : Only 7.5 % of the major earners at America 's Fortune 500 companies are female . The many media profiles of Sandberg all seem to be asking the same question : How did Sheryl do it ? How did she get the confidence to perform so well at such a high level ? And perform she has . According to The New York Times , she took Facebook from 70 million users and no business model to profits reaching $ 1 billion on $ 3.7 billion in revenue in just four years . Sandberg 's own mentor , Larry Summers , ignited a firestorm in 2005 when he wondered publicly whether one reason women were n't achieving at the highest levels in the sciences was a lack of biological aptitude , particularly for math . Before long , he was ousted from his position as president of Harvard -- not officially for this reason -- and the nation was abuzz about women 's lack of parity in so many fields and forums . See also : How girl geeks can get the best tech jobs At that time , about 15 % of opinion pieces were written by women , though the imbalance was largely under the radar . The opinion page became a particularly contentious space for an outpouring of women 's voices in this overdue conversation . Nationally syndicated columnist Susan Estrich called The Los Angeles Times ' leadership out for sexism on its opinion pages . Anne Applebaum of The Washington Post argued with Estrich and said she resented being called a "  female " journalist . And Maureen Dowd of The New York Times , echoing one of the most commonly held beliefs about why women do n't have parity , wrote that women were n't fairly represented because they are afraid of being attacked and care too much about what others think . They lack confidence . But what does that really mean ? The notion that women lack confidence implies a negative judgment . It 's viewed as a weakness , coded as feminine . But some recent social science research reveals a more likely and complex explanation : People do things because people who look and talk like them or share the same background do those things . See also : Women ! Embrace your inner geek To assume that a lack of confidence is the reason so few women are intellectual leaders is too simplistic . When a woman does n't go for a big corporate job like Sandberg 's or says no when television producers call , saying she does n't have any confidence implies it 's an individual choice made in some sort of sociocultural vacuum . As women , in many cases , the impulse to do something out of the norm of our peer group , like write an opinion piece or ask for a promotion , has simply never occurred to us . If it does , we do n't act on it . Our girlfriends are n't doing it . Our female colleagues are n't doing it . Why should we ? Peer influence , whether you 're a teenage girl trying to figure out what to wear to junior high on Monday morning or a midlevel manager at Morgan Stanley , is a powerful indicator of what you think is possible for yourself . In "  Join the Club : How Peer Pressure Can Transform the World , " Tina Rosenberg writes , "  The social norms set by our peers dominate our choices about what we value and what we expect in life . " Sandberg , who often urges women to "  lean into " their careers , must know that you do n't lean in alone . She runs a monthly salon for women out of her home , inviting guest speakers like feminist Gloria Steinem and trailblazing Sen. Claire McCaskill . Women of various generations gather and shape their ambitions over a meal and some conversation . See also : Women only hotel rooms take off At The OpEd Project , we cultivate new voices , training minorities and women to inhabit their place as narrators of the world . The challenge is to shift the way we think about ourselves . We must see our peers and ourselves as leaders who have a right and a responsibility to weigh in on the matters of our day . We have to create a new ecosystem in which we see ourselves as part of the critical conversations of our age and feel equally entitled and compelled to narrate them . Who has n't heard a parent quip , "  If all of your friends were jumping off of a cliff , would you ? " There 's some profound wisdom in that old clichÃ © : If your friends are n't aiming for high-profile corporate leadership or going head-to-head on the Sunday morning talk shows , you 're not likely to , either . We can create more Sandbergs by surrounding ourselves with confident , outspoken women . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Courtney Martin and Katie Orenstein .	Writers : Facebook 's Sandberg an anomaly ; 7.5 % of Fortune 500 big earners are female Too often , they write , people attribute the scarcity of powerful women to a lack of confidence But people look to their peers ' behavior to judge what they 're capable of , writers say Women need to feel entitled to power and must cultivate confident friends , they say
Editor 's note : Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst , is a fellow at the New America Foundation , a Washington-based think tank that promotes innovative thought from across the ideological spectrum , and at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . He 's the author of "  The Osama bin Laden I Know : An Oral History of al Qaeda 's Leader . " Peter Bergen says Osama bin Laden is still alive and still significant eight years after September 11 . HELMAND , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Eight years after September 11 , the "  war on terror " has gone the way of the dodo . And President Obama talks instead about a war against al Qaeda and its allies . What , then , of al Qaeda 's enigmatic leader , Osama bin Laden , who has vanished like a wisp of smoke ? And does he even matter now ? The U.S. government had n't had a solid lead on al Qaeda 's leader since the battle of Tora Bora in winter 2001 . Although there are informed hypotheses that today he is in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province on the Afghan border , perhaps in one of the more northerly areas such as Bajaur , these are essentially guesses , not "  actionable " intelligence . A longtime American counterterrorism analyst explained to me , "  There is very limited collection on him personally . " That 's intelligence community shorthand for the fact that the usual avenues of "  collection " on a target such as bin Laden are yielding little or no information about him . Those avenues typically include signal intercepts of phone calls and e-mails , as well as human intelligence from spies . Given the hundreds of billions of dollars that the "  war on terror " has consumed , the failure to capture or kill al Qaeda 's leader is one of its signal failures . Does it even matter whether bin Laden is found ? Yes , it does . First , there is the matter of justice for the almost 3,000 people who died in the September 11 attacks and for the thousands of other victims of al Qaeda 's attacks around the world . Second , every day that bin Laden remains at liberty is a propaganda victory for al Qaeda . Third , although bin Laden and his deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri are n't managing al Qaeda 's operations on a daily basis they guide the overall direction of the jihadist movement around the world , even while they are in hiding . Those messages from al Qaeda 's leaders have reached untold millions worldwide via television , the Internet and newspapers . The tapes have not only instructed al Qaeda 's followers to continue to kill Westerners and Jews , but some also carried specific instructions that militant cells then acted on . In March 2008 , for instance , the al Qaeda leader denounced the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in a Danish newspaper as a "  catastrophe " for which punishment would soon be meted out . Three months later , an al Qaeda suicide attacker bombed the Danish Embassy in Islamabad , killing six . Some reading this may think : But what 's the proof that the al Qaeda leader is still alive ? Plenty . Since September 11 , bin Laden has released a slew of video and audiotapes , many of which discuss current events . After a nine-month silence , for instance , bin Laden released a 22-minute audiotape on March 14 , sharply condemning the recent Israeli invasion of Gaza . Are these tapes real ? Not one of the dozens of tapes released by bin Laden after 9/11 has been a fake . Indeed the U.S. government has authenticated many of them using bin Laden 's distinctive voiceprint . And what about the persistent reports that he is ill ? In 2002 , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said bin Laden had kidney disease , for which he required a dialysis machine , and was therefore likely dead . But the stories of bin Laden 's life-threatening kidney problems are false , judging by his appearance in videos that he released in 2004 and again in 2007 , in which he showed no signs of illness . On the 2007 tape , the al Qaeda leader had even dyed his white-flecked beard black , suggesting that as the Saudi militant entered his fifth decade , he was not immune to a measure of vanity about his personal appearance . In fact , bin Laden looked much better in those videos than he did in the video he released shortly after the battle of Tora Bora in late 2001 , where he had narrowly escaped being killed in a massive American attack . The situation is further complicated by the fact that bin Laden and al-Zawahiri are almost certainly hiding out in the tribal areas of Pakistan , on the Afghan border . Arthur Keller , a CIA officer who ran a spy network in Pakistan 's tribal areas in 2006 , told me the problems of working in the region : "  It 's an incredibly remote area . They 're hiding in a sea of people that are very xenophobic of outsiders , so it 's a very , very tough nut to crack . " An additional factor operating in bin Laden 's favor is the personal popularity he has long enjoyed in Pakistan . Three years after the September 11 attacks , for instance , a Pew poll found that al Qaeda 's leader had a 65 percent favorability rating among Pakistanis . However , it is clear from the videos of bin Laden and al-Zawahiri that aired in the years since the attacks that they are not living in caves . In those tapes , both men 's clothes were clean and well-pressed . Caves generally do n't have laundry facilities . And the videos that they have released are well-lit and well-shot productions , suggesting access either to electrical outlets or to generators to run lights . Al-Zawahiri is often filmed in a library setting , and on one of his videos from March 2006 , there are curtains clearly visible behind him , suggesting that the tape was shot in a house . By early 2008 , the Bush administration had tired of the Pakistani government 's unwillingness or inability to take out al Qaeda 's leaders , and in July , the president authorized Special Operations forces to carry out ground assaults in the tribal regions without the permission of the Pakistani government . But in the face of the intense Pakistani opposition to American boots on the ground , the Bush administration chose to rely instead on drones to target suspected al Qaeda and Taliban leaders . Bush ordered the CIA to expand its attacks with Predator and Reaper drones . Between July 2008 and this month , U.S. drones have killed dozens of lower-ranking militants and at least 10 mid - and upper-level leaders within al Qaeda or the Taliban . This strategy seems to have worked , at least in terms of combating the ability of al Qaeda to plan or carry out attacks in the West . Law-enforcement authorities have uncovered no serious plots against U.S. or European targets that were traceable to militants who had received training in Pakistan 's tribal regions after the drone program had been dramatically ramped up there . The increased pace of the American drone attacks in Pakistani 's tribal areas was motivated in part by the hope that it would increase panicked communications among the militants , which might help pinpoint the locations of the top leaders in al Qaeda or the Taliban , but that approach has not paid off when it comes to bin Laden . If killing bin Laden with a drone has proved difficult , so too will be capturing him alive . His former bodyguard Abu Jandal told Al Quds al Arabi newspaper , "  Sheikh Osama gave me a pistol . ... The pistol had only two bullets , for me to kill Sheikh Osama with in case we were surrounded or he was about to fall into the enemy 's hands , so that he would not be caught alive " Should bin Laden be captured or killed , that would probably trigger a succession battle within al Qaeda . While al-Zawahiri is the deputy leader of the terror group and therefore technically bin Laden 's successor , he is not regarded as a natural leader . Indeed , even among his fellow Egyptian militants , al-Zawahiri is seen as a divisive force , and so he is unlikely to be able to step into the role of leader of al Qaeda and of the world jihadist movement that is occupied by bin Laden . By the law of averages , eventually , bin Laden will be captured or killed . Yet the ideological movement that he helped spawn -- "  Binladenism " -- will live on long after he is gone . That is bin Laden 's legacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Peter Bergen : Osama bin Laden still inspires al Qaeda He says 8 years after 9/11 , the "  war on terror " has failed to capture him He says law of averages suggests bin Laden will eventually be caught or killed
CNN  -- A new era in space exploration dawned Tuesday as a slender rocket shot into the dark Florida sky before sunrise , carrying the first private spacecraft bound for the International Space Station . "  We 're now back on the brink of a new future , a future that embraces the innovation the private sector brings to the table , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said . "  The significance of this day can not be overstated . " The unmanned SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 3:44 a.m. , carrying 1,300 pounds of food , clothing and scientific experiments on a demonstration mission to gauge the company 's ability to safely and efficiently deliver supplies to astronauts staffing the orbiting station . Opinion : Private space travel -- A new era begins ? If successful , the test could open the door to a wave of commercial exploitation of space . Tuesday 's launch marks the culmination of six years of preparation to bring commercial flights to the space station following the retirement of NASA 's space shuttle fleet last year . It 's backed by entrepreneur Elon Musk , the founder of PayPal . Stellar week for SpaceX founder Elon Musk "  Every bit of adrenaline in my body released at that moment , " Musk said of the launch , in a statement released by NASA . "  People were really giving it their all . For us , it was like winning the Super Bowl . " The rocket launched without a hitch following a flawless countdown that came three days after a faulty valve on one of the rocket 's engines forced a last-second postponement . Its solar array panels deployed later Tuesday . At 180 feet tall and 12 feet in diameter , the Falcon 9 rocket is tiny in comparison to the football-field-long Saturn V rockets that carried Apollo spacecraft into orbit . It carries the company 's Dragon cargo capsule capable of carrying 13,228 pounds of supplies into orbit , the company said . The capsule is scheduled to perform a series of maneuvers that should bring it within reach of the space station 's robotic arm on Friday . If NASA gives the go-ahead , the crew will use the arm to attach the capsule to the station and begin unloading supplies , according to SpaceX . It will remain attached to the station for two weeks before it plummets back into the atmosphere and splashes into the Pacific Ocean off the California coast , according to SpaceX . Read more about the launch on CNN 's Light Years blog The cargo manifest for the trip includes 674 pounds of food , clothing and miscellaneous supplies , 46 pounds of supplies for use in science experiments , 271 pounds of cargo bags for use in future flights and 22 pounds of computer equipment . It will return with science experiments , hardware and used gear . Cremated human remains were placed in the second stage of the Falcon and will orbit the Earth . Celestis Inc. charges families $ 2,995 to launch 1 gram of remains in this type of memorial spaceflight . NASA 's Internet tool SkyWatch is providing information on viewing the Dragon from Earth . The cargo capsule will continue its orbit Wednesday as it travels toward the space station . The launch is an important step for NASA and the United States , which currently has no means of independently reaching space . NASA relies on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit . "  What 's really important is not control , as much as it is the fact that the United States will once again be in the lead , will be providing our own vehicles to take our own astronauts and cargo to the International Space Station , " Bolden said . "  It 's fine to rely on partners , but that 's not where the greatest nation in the world wants to be . " White House science adviser John P. Holdren also hailed the launch . "  Every launch into space is a thrilling event , but this one is especially exciting because it represents the potential of a new era in American spaceflight , " he said . "  Partnering with U.S. companies such as SpaceX to provide cargo and eventually crew service to the International Space Station is a cornerstone of the president 's plan for maintaining America 's leadership in space . " SpaceX is conducting the flight as part of a contract that could be worth as much as $ 396 million , according to company spokeswoman Kirstin Brost Grantham . The company has completed 37 of the 40 milestones in the contract and has received $ 381 million so far , she said . Musk likened the significance of the launch to the growth of the commercial Internet -- from its underpinnings as a government initiative to the technological , economic and cultural engine it is today . "  I think we 're at a similar inflection point for space , " he said . "  I hope and I believe that this mission will be historic in marking that turning point towards a rapid advancement in space transportation technology . " The first attempt to launch the rocket was halted Saturday when a flight computer detected high pressure in an engine combustion chamber . Workers replaced the valve on Saturday , SpaceX said . The company plans 11 more flights to the space station . One of a handful of private companies receiving funds from NASA to develop a space taxi system , SpaceX hopes the experience with the cargo flights will help the company reach its goal of carrying astronauts aboard the Dragon . The company is developing a heavy-lift rocket with twice the cargo capability of the space shuttle , and also dreams of building a spacecraft that could carry a crew to Mars . CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	SpaceX founder says the launch could prove to be a turning point for space exploration "  The signifance of this day can not be overstated , " NASA director says The rocket carrying a space capsule lifts off successfully early Tuesday The launch is the first private mission bound for the International Space Station
CNN  -- The holidays are a time of reflection and often a time of charity , even for some of Hollywood 's biggest stars . CNN 's Alina Cho is taking a special look at how three celebrities are doing their part for causes near to their hearts in this year 's "  Big Stars , Big Giving , " which is scheduled to air 8 a.m. , 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. ET December 26-28 on CNN . Matt Damon Water.org Academy Award winner Matt Damon is using his star power to lead the way for change and bring clean water to those who do not have access to such a basic staple . "  Every 20 seconds , a kid under the age of 5 is dying , losing their life because they do not have access to clean water . And it just does n't have to be that way , " Damon tells CNN . Damon and water expert Gary White founded water.org in 2009 with a plan for what Damon says is a solvable problem . Close to a billion people do not have an affordable solution to clean drinking water , and the problem is twofold . "  To me , the most disturbing thing , not only is it contaminated , but people are walking hours to get this kind of water , " Damon said in an interview with Impact Your World a few years ago , "  So , you 're forced to give your children this water knowing that the chances of them getting a water-borne disease is pretty high . " Damon and White say that charity is not enough and have created the concept of "  water credit , " which allows people access to affordable loans to buy a toilet or a faucet to bring clean running water into their homes . And it 's working . White says that loans are being paid back at a rate of 98 % in places such as Haiti . Matthew McConaughey J.K. Livin Foundation Actor Matthew McConaughey and his wife , Camila , have made bettering the lives of young adults their mission . They founded the Just Keep Livin , or the J.K. Livin Foundation , to empower high school students "  to lead active lives and make healthy choices to become great men and women , " as their mission states . "  I want to find a place where I can help out where it 's prevention before you need a cure , " McConaughey tells CNN . McConaughey has so far brought the J.K. Livin Foundation into 14 schools without after-school programs and where 75 % of the students are on a free or reduced lunch program and below the poverty line . They are students who come from families who might not have the means to provide healthy meals or access to gyms . The J.K. Livin Foundation gives the students a safe place to be after school and the tools they need to grow into healthy adults . The program meets twice a week for two hours a day and is voluntary . The students who choose to attend participate in physical fitness , nutrition education and a gratitude circle . "  Everyone goes around and says something that they are thankful for . And that 's a lesson that came from my mother and the family I grew up in . I found that the more you find something to be thankful for , the more you end up having things to be thankful for , and so it goes well beyond the gym , " says McConaughey . Eva Longoria The Eva Longoria Foundation In addition to establishing herself as one of Hollywood 's leading ladies , Eva Longoria has also made a name for herself campaigning for social issues . She 's lent her voice to raise awareness of the AIDS crisis in Africa and sex trafficking in Thailand . When she decided she wanted to create her own foundation in 2010 , she decided on a cause that hit much closer to home for her . The Eva Longoria Foundation aims to help Hispanic women get a college education . Some 27 % of Latinas live below the poverty line , and 17 % drop out of high school . Only 15 % of adult Latinas have college degrees . Longoria hopes to empower women and change those statistics . "  I come from a family of teachers . I was n't the first to go to college . It was expected , and that 's rare in a lot of low-income families and a lot of minority families , " says Longoria . Longoria 's foundation supports other programs that help Hispanic women excel in their education , and it aims to provide Latina entrepreneurs with career training , mentorship , capital and opportunity . "  I do n't want the Latino community to just be a large community . We need to be an educated community because this is going to be our future work force , " says Longoria .	Three big stars are focused on giving back in a big way Matt Damon helped found water.org so people can get access to clean water Matthew McConaughey 's J.K. Livin Foundation helps kids make healthy choices for life The Eva Longoria Foundation aims to help Latina women get a college education
EW.com  -- Huge news for "  American Chopper " fans : Jesse James is returning to the network that made him famous to compete head-to-head against the Teutuls on "  American Chopper . " Marking his first appearance on Discovery Chanel in five years , the former "  Monster Garage " star will guest star on "  Chopper " across two nights in December . Not only that , but "  American Chopper " is going live for the first time -- pitting James , Paul Teutul , Senior and Paul Teutul Jr. in a bike-building battle at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas . The face-off airs December 5 and 6 at 9 p.m. both nights . The first night is the regularly scheduled "  American Chopper . " You 'll see Senior , Junior and James building the bikes , and viewers will vote for their favorite . The second night is a live show from Las Vegas where the winning bike will be revealed . For "  Chopper " fans , this is the stuff of online message-board wish fulfillment . Jesse James ' documentary "  Motorcycle Mania " helped launch the whole cable reality motorcycle craze back in 2000 , whereas relative later-comer "  American Chopper " helped bring the genre to a greater level in popularity . James then left Discovery and went on to other ventures , including his short-lived Spike TV series "  Jesse James is a Dead Man "  and drawing international headlines for his divorce from Sandra Bullock  . Though James and the Teutuls respective motorcycle garage shows overlapped during James ' years at Discovery  "  Monster Garage " ran from 2002-06 ; "  Chopper " has aired since 2003  , this event marks the first time the combustible personalities have gone head-to-head on one of the programs . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The former "  Monster Garage " star will guest star on "  Chopper " "  American Chopper " is going live for the first time James , Paul Teutul , Senior and Paul Teutul Jr. will be in a bike-building battle
A lethal combination of worn aircraft parts and unprecedented speed caused last year 's Reno Air Races crash , which killed a veteran pilot and 10 spectators , and injured more than 60 others , federal accident investigators concluded Monday . The main culprits , according to the National Transportation Safety Board , were several lock nuts on the left trim tab -- an aerodynamic surface on the horizontal part of the plane 's tail -- nuts that had not been replaced in at least 26 years . The worn nuts allowed screws to loosen -- possibly years ago , without apparent consequence , the NTSB said . But when pilot Jimmy Leeward pushed the highly modified P-51 Mustang to a speed of 445 knots -- 35 knots faster than it had ever flown before on the Nevada race course -- the flaw caused flutter vibrations in the plane 's trim tabs . The plane pitched up at about 17 Gs of acceleration , incapacitating Leeward . Reno air race organizers hope to continue race after deadly crash The plane rolled , plunged towards the ground and slammed into a box seating area , showering the area with debris . When the incident happened last September , it threatened to bring an end to the National Championship Air Races in Reno , the only race of its kind in the nation . But organizers have compiled a complete schedule of races from September 12 through 16 , saying they have made numerous safety improvements recommended by the NTSB . Among the improvements : race planes will be required to demonstrate their airworthiness at racing speeds before participating in races , spectators will be seated further from the aerial race course and the Reno Air Races has "  flattened " the tight turn where last year 's accident occurred . "  Pilots know that they are taking risks , but air race pilots expect that the risks taken are theirs alone , " said NTSB Chairman Deborah A.P. Hersman . "  The spectators assumed that their safety had been assessed and addressed . " Hersman said the NTSB made its recommendations in April to give the Reno Air Racing Association time to implement the changes for this year 's race . The NTSB said major modifications to the aircraft , intended to make the plane faster , contributed to the accident . Its 37-foot wingspan had been reduced to 29 feet . Some of the changes were undocumented and had a detrimental effect on the World War II-era aircraft , which was known as "  The Galloping Ghost . " For instance , investigators said , the plane 's right trim tab -- a piece of the tail -- was locked in position aligned with the tail . Pilot overwhelmed by g-forces in Reno crash "  On this airplane , you should have both trim tabs , " investigators said . "  This pilot put a screw through there to fix it in position , and when you do that , he lost redundancy . You have put all the eggs in the basket of hoping the left elevator will not fail . And it did fail . " Leeward 's age , 74 , was not found to be a factor in the crash . The 17 g forces that resulted from the failure greatly exceeded human tolerances , the NTSB said . It is difficult for trained pilots to remain conscious with even 5 Gs , the NTSB has said . The accident investigation was greatly aided by numerous movies and photographs by spectators , according to the NTSB . Since the accident , several victims and family members have filed suit , one alleging that the crash was not a "  freak accident , " but was "  the predictable result of a reckless drive for speed by a risk taking pilot and crew , coupled with an insatiable drive for profit " by race organizers . The Reno racing association , meanwhile , announced last week it has set up a $ 77 million fund to compensate victims or heirs . The program is being administered by Kenneth Feinberg who administered funds for victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster . The Reno crash focused attention on the dangers of air races and air shows . In addition to the 11 people killed at the Reno races , five performers died at air shows elsewhere last year . Federal regulators and air show organizers vouch for the safety of the system , saying rules for U.S. air shows are stricter than those in other countries . NTSB focuses on deadly year in air races , shows	A veteran pilot and 10 spectators died in last year 's Reno Air Races crash The NTSB finds that worn parts and speed caused the crash "  Air race pilots expect that the risks taken are theirs alone , " NTSB head says "  The spectators assumed that their safety had been assessed and addressed "
CNN  -- I was late to work one recent morning . I was out getting married . Maria , my partner of 12 years , was losing her health benefits . We needed to add her to my family plan by June 1 and it was already May 31 . We have a 7-year-old daughter . You do n't mess with this stuff . So we left our child at elementary school , grabbed two Mamas at drop-off to serve as witnesses , and hopped a cab to City Hall . The Mama crew produced white-frosted cupcakes to mark the occasion . I worried about making it to work . Maria looked like she was there to get a tooth extracted . It 's hard to get jazzed about this stuff when you are rushing to only getting half married . I call it half married because , in our situation , the only benefit this New York state marriage brought us was the right to put her on my company insurance plan , a benefit that would be taxed as income by the federal government because they do n't recognize same-sex marriages . If my employer did n't offer to offset the tax , a rare benefit in U.S. companies , I 'd actually be signing up for something more expensive than I could buy on the open market . That 's not the only limitation with a state marriage , which brought us benefits we 'd already acquired through legal documents . There are 1,138 federal benefits to marriage you do n't get as a gay couple who are married in New York , like SSI , Medicaid , inheritance rights , veterans ' benefits and rights as joint parents . We could jam wedding cake down each other 's throats at a big party , just like the others , but cupcakes at the justice of the peace seemed fine for this . Same-sex spouses entitled to federal benefits The truth is we got out of the marriage debate ages ago . This was only paperwork affirming what we already knew . We declared ourselves self-married back in 2001 during a romantic trip to Healdsburg , California . I engaged in drop-to-your-knee romanticism at our spa hotel , produced a diamond ring and made all sorts of fresh-love promises . We were the only ones we told back then , and that felt like enough . Ten years earlier , as a journalist , I had covered the 1991 case of gay couples in Hawaii who sued for the right to marry . Opponents would successfully persuade 38 state legislatures and the federal government to bar recognition of same-sex marriages out of concern that they would be made legal . I 'd watched this fight firsthand and wanted no part of it . We had made our private commitment in the absence of legal benefits and divorced ourselves from the ongoing public fight . I was a journalist who wanted to see every side of this debate , not become a part of it . In 1999 , I traveled to Montpelier , Vermont , when that state came close to allowing even a limited state-sanctioned marriage between two people of the same gender . A state legislator showed me a stack of old legal papers . "  This is what ` married ' means in Vermont , " he said , adding they would replace the word with "  civil union " to satisfy a state court ruling that the Vermont constitution guaranteed equal treatment for gays . A simple search-and-replace of wording would allow Vermont to create separate but equal institutions . Other states followed suit , including New York , which allowed domestic partnerships . So Maria and I went and got one of those in 2002 , for no other reason than giving our union the paperwork needed for all sorts of things . We did n't need a cake or party then , either , but a notary public at Chase Manhattan Bank jumped up and hugged us both when he saw what he was certifying . Then we dispassionately dropped off the papers at a window that the city clerk had created next to the dog license registry . Opinion : For gays , progress stunning , fast The next year -- exactly 10 years ago today -- the U.S. Supreme Court , in deciding Lawrence v. Texas , ruled that it was legal for two people of the same gender to have sex , essentially legalizing being gay . Justice Antonin Scalia said in his dissent , "  Today 's opinion dismantles the structure of constitutional law that has permitted a distinction to be made between heterosexual and homosexual unions , insofar as formal recognition in marriage is concerned , " Scalia wrote . "  If moral disapprobation of homosexual conduct is ` no legitimate state interest ' for purposes of proscribing that conduct ... what justification could there possibly be for denying the benefits of marriage to homosexual couples . . ? " That seemed very far away . Around that time , gay people began seizing every opportunity to get sort-of married . They traveled to Canada and rushed to appear before activist justices of the peace in Oregon , upstate New York and San Francisco . I interviewed people who got married over and over again , before judges would shut everything down and make them unmarried . These did n't feel like weddings to me ; they felt like news stories , protest weddings that came without the gift of benefits . They meant something to the people exchanging rings , but I felt no more or less legally married than they were , so it was easy to remain objective about what these things meant . Then something extraordinary happened . Massachusetts courts ruled gays had a constitutional right to marry and , on May 17 , 2004 , I watched the first ever same-sex couples legally wed in the United States . Our friends got annoyed when we said we were n't rushing up to Massachusetts to get married . We had n't called ourselves "  married " years earlier to make a point . We had made a commitment . Rushing off to get married in Massachusetts , when we lived in New York , felt like activism . I was far from that when it came to this issue . By that fall I was pregnant with Luna and suddenly there was a need for all sorts of legal paperwork . Absent the right to marry in New York , we spent thousands obtaining health care proxies , wills and creating joint ownership of our apartment . When she was born we told her we were married . "  Mamas ! " she would shout and urge us to both kiss her cheeks at once and affirm her family trio . "  I have two Mamas . " But her two Mamas were not both legally her parents . We spent another $ 10,000 on a second-parent adoption to make us both her legal parents , even though we had no legal relationship to each other . I 've filed taxes each year as a single parent , which actually made my tax situation better . There were definitely good and bad benefits associated to the right to marry . Opinion : Fight for gay rights must continue Then our own state recognized same-sex marriages and suddenly the social pressure was on us to get "  gay married . " A dozen states allow gays to marry , but this was the one we live in . At the time , it seemed to us that we got no practical benefit from a state marriage given all the paperwork we had completed . We 'd already made our commitment and had the acceptance and love of our friends and families . Our employers recognized our relationships and our child was safe . Facebook lit up with emotional appeals to get to the altar , but we were simply not in a marrying way . I felt like this was still a story for me to tell , not live . The only struggle we had was how to explain this debate to Luna , who believed her parents were already married . Did she need us to get "  married " yet again ? For our anniversary we went to see a play called "  Standing on Ceremony , " in which Richard Thomas plays a guy named Joe eulogizing his dead partner . Joe asks if they should get married and the dying man asks what that would mean about the last 45 years of their lives together . I asked myself the same question . If Maria and I suddenly got a state marriage , would we find ourselves celebrating our first anniversary a year later , as if we did n't already have a 7-year-old child , a home we 'd owned for 10 years , a relationship we 'd built over 12 years ? What finally brought us to the city clerk 's office was the requirement that our marriage be sanctioned by the state of New York for me to add Maria to my family health insurance -- call it a modern shotgun wedding . The marriage bureau staff ushered us into a room where cases displayed old marriage records of turn-of-the-century brides and grooms . We stood at an altar in work attire while the Mamas readied their iPhones for pictures . We took off the rings we 'd worn for the last 12 years . The justice of the peace read traditional vows in a booming voice , then directed us to put our rings back on each other . The whole thing went down in about two minutes , and Maria inexplicably began to cry , which made me cry . There were pictures of us jamming the Mamas ' cupcakes down each other 's throats . Then we all rushed off to work . This morning we had warned Luna at breakfast that the U.S. Supreme Court was deciding today whether "  gay " people can be legally married . "  You 're lesbians , " she declared , checking to see if that word , "  gay , " included us too . Then she began listing all the people she knows who would be affected , starting with the children . I dropped her off for her last day of school and she said : "  Love you , Mama " and I got a kiss . An hour later , the U.S. Supreme Court married us all over again -- a decision that changed everything , and nothing at all . Opinion : How youth led change in public attitudes	CNN 's Rose Arce and her partner , Maria , were together 12 years before they married The couple were only "  half married , " Arce says , because they did n't have full benefits A Supreme Court ruling today struck down some barriers to same-sex marriage
CNN  -- A slaying spree spread across two southern Alabama towns left 10 people dead Tuesday . The gunman then took his own life . Mayors Wynnton Melton , left , of Geneva , Alabama , and Clay King of Samson , Alabama , speak with CNN . CNN "  American Morning " anchor Kiran Chetry spoke with the mayors of the two towns on Wednesday . They are Mayor Wynnton Melton of Geneva , Alabama , and Clay King of Samson , Alabama . Kiran Chetry , CNN anchor : Police have identified the gunman who they say went on a killing spree in southern Alabama yesterday afternoon . They say Michael McClendon murdered 10 people , including his own mother , his grandparents , an aunt , an uncle , along with a sheriff 's deputy 's wife and child . And these are crime scenes now spread out across two small towns this morning . And their mayors join us now , Wynnton Melton of Geneva , Alabama , and Clay King of Samson , Alabama . Mayor King , let me start with you . ... You knew all of the victims and also the shooting suspect who took his own life as well . What can you tell us about the situation this morning , Mayor King ? Mayor Clay King , Samson , Alabama : Well , the whole community is still in shock . Like I said , we know , I personally know everyone that is involved , both the shooter and the victims . And that makes it more difficult to have to deal with . Watch the mayors talk of the tragedy " Chetry : And Mayor King , you say you coached him , along with your own sons in T-ball , in Little League , and that you would have never had any idea that he could have done something like this . Is there any motive that people are talking about this morning ? King : No , ma'am . At this time , I do n't think anybody has any idea of what the motive is . And yes , I did . I coached the shooter 's -- I coached him in both T-ball and in Little League baseball along with my two sons . Chetry : And Mayor Melton , I want to ask you about this situation . I mean , this turned -- it appears from the beginning , this shooter targeted people within his own family . After that , it turned into really a random shooting spree . He had a semiautomatic , according to police , and he was firing at random until the sheriffs were able to corner him at this place of business . What are you learning about just how dire the circumstances were and how law enforcement was able to respond the way they did ? Mayor Wynnton Melton , Geneva , Alabama : That is correct . And the response was very quick . He was intercepted in Geneva by one of our officers , and then the chief of police arrived at the scene . Both of those received fire from the assailant . The chief of police was nicked in the arm , not very seriously . The pursuit went on to the metal fabrication plant , Reliable , where an exchange of gunfire occurred in the parking lot . The suspect went into the building and took his own life there inside the building , which probably had around 400 people working at the time . But no injuries there at all , in the building . He took his own life at that point . Chetry : And Mayor King , it 's also just so ironic that one of the sheriff 's deputies who was actually responding to the call of this emergency going on , it was his wife and one of his children killed , and his second child also airlifted to a hospital in Florida . What is going on with that situation ? How did that family become involved in any way in this shooting ? King : They just happened to be over across the street visiting with the family . Chetry : The family , the grandfather , grandmother , uncle and aunt who were out on the porch ? King : Right , right . Chetry : So , just an unfortunate circumstance . So , besides his family , you guys are investigating this , or your authorities are , as a random act ? I mean , I know that this is going to be tough for you guys because these crime scenes are spread out over both towns , so many different locations . How are you tackling this ? King : Well , we 're very fortunate . We received a call from the governor this afternoon . And they have -- we 've got the department of public safety here , ABI , ABC , FBI . We 've got surrounding agencies that have come over to assist us . And that 's how we 're , you know , handling it . ABI is actually leading the investigation at this time . Chetry : And Mayor Melton , how 's the community reacting to this news ? I 'm sure they are learning more details , and it just gets more horrific as you find out how many people lost their lives . Melton : It 's still in shock . I think the community is handling it very well . But they 're still in shock . We just feel here in our rural , Southern comfortable communities that things like this just do n't happen . But unfortunately , they do . And that 's the major topic of discussion , that we are not shielded . Being small does n't keep you from the problems of the rest of the world . And it 's just a matter of comforting each other and a lot of discussions , a lot of prayers for the family here in Samson . Chetry : Absolutely . Our prayers are with you guys , too . A real tough morning there . Mayors King and Melton , thanks so much for joining us this morning . King : Thank you . Melton : Thank you , ma'am .	Mayor says he coached gunman in T-ball , Little League "  The whole community is still in shock , " mayor says Killings show that even in small towns , "  we are not shielded "
CNN  -- Should men be routinely screened for prostate cancer ? This question has been asked ever since the prostate specific antigen test , or PSA , became widely available more than two decades ago . Central to this question is another question : Does prostate cancer screening save lives ? Both questions are hard to answer . Screening clearly helps find cancer . But many of the cancers that are diagnosed and treated do not need to be . Left alone , they will not harm the patient . And some cancers go on to cause death despite treatment . The right question really is : Does screening find some cancers that need to be cured and can be cured ? After an exhaustive process , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force has announced its final recommendation on PSA-based prostate cancer screening . It finds that the known harms of screening outweigh the potential benefits for men who have no cancer symptoms . It notes that all screening studies have demonstrated considerable harms associated with screening , but only one major study found evidence that screening saves lives -- and that study has some internal inconsistencies . It showed screening saves lives in the Netherlands and Sweden , but not in five other European countries . Even the positive parts of that study did not show a considerable increase in lives saved . The task force 's methods are notable for their scientific rigor . A group of experts in prostate cancer and in evidence appraisal systematically reviewed and reported on all the scientific evidence to date on prostate-cancer screening and treatment . The task force , a second group with expertise in preventive medicine and screening , then considered the review and made a preliminary recommendation . That recommendation was made available for public comment last fall . Those comments were then considered before a final recommendation was made . Although the task force recommends against routine screening , it does recognize that some men will still want to be screened because of family history or other concerns . The task force vehemently stresses the necessity of informed consent in such cases : Men must be told of the known harms of screening . Hopefully its strong statement will cause physicians and screening advocates to be more cautious about encouraging screening . For years , professional organizations , including the American Cancer Society , the European Association of Urology , the National Comprehensive Cancer Network and even the American Urologic Association , have urged caution and informed decision-making regarding screening . These recommendations have largely been ignored . Over the past 20 years , many well-meaning people have supported mass screening . Celebrities , athletes , politicians and cancer survivors have endorsed screening . Mass screening is commonly conducted in shopping malls , churches and community centers , at conventions and state fairs and in vans parked in supermarket parking lots . News : Task force says PSA tests do more harm than good Hospitals , medical practices , fraternities , politicians , radio and TV stations and even an adult diaper manufacturer have sponsored mass screenings . Men who attend them are rarely informed of the risks of screening and are often promised unproven benefits . These two decades of mass screening are estimated to have caused more than 1 million American men to receive unnecessary treatment causing numerous common side effects , including radiation-induced bowel injury , urinary incontinence and impotence , and a significant proportion have serious , life-threatening complications . Mass screening is a lucrative business . I am haunted by a conversation I had in the late 1990s with a marketing executive at a major American hospital who bragged about his "  prostate cancer business plan . " His hospital conducted free screening at a local mall every September for Prostate Cancer Awareness Month . He explained that this was not just cheap and effective advertising for his hospital system . It was also a moneymaker . As he explained it , for every 1,000 men over age 50 who were screened at the mall , 145 would have an abnormal screen , and 135 would go to his hospital for evaluation . Fees collected from them would easily cover the cost of the free screening event . About 45 in that group would have cancer ; the rest would be false positives . The marketer had figured out how many men would be treated with surgery , radiation , and hormones . He had estimates of all the money the center would make from treating all 45 cancer cases . He knew how many men would be treated for urinary incontinence , and what his net profit for treating that would be . Amazingly , he even knew how many of the men would want penile prostheses surgically implanted to treat their impotence . I asked him one question : "  How many lives will you save if you screen a thousand men ? " He looked at me as if I were a fool , and said , "  Do n't you know ? No one knows if this stuff saves lives . I ca n't give you a number on that . " He was right . It would not be until 13 years later , in 2010 , that a clinical trial would finally be published suggesting that screening saves lives -- and that trial has internal inconsistencies making that suggestion suspect . Indeed , for two decades , mass PSA-based prostate cancer screening was done in this country without direct clinical evidence showing that it was beneficial to patients . It was , of course , very beneficial to those who offered it . While I hope that this new recommendation will put an end to mass screening , I am not optimistic . As Upton Sinclair once said , "  It is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends on his not understanding it . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Otis W. Brawley .	Otis Brawley : New report says prostate cancer screenings do more harm than good He says medical community has long pushed screenings , though benefits unproven He says an industry grew around screening , ignoring considerable associated risk Brawley : Report should end mass screenings , but it will be tough to slow industry
CNN  Liverpool must prepare for life without one its greatest ever players after captain Steven Gerrard confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the 2014-2015 season . "  This has been the toughest decision of my life and one which both me and my family have agonized over for a good deal of time , " Gerrard , who has played 695 times for Liverpool , told the club 's website . "  I am making the announcement now so that the manager and the team are not distracted by stories or speculation about my future . " Gerrard will continue playing football -- but not in the English Premier League -- and Italian journalist Gianluca di Marzio has reported that U.S. club LA Galaxy are interested in signing the Liverpool midfielder . "  I 'm going to carry on playing and although I ca n't confirm at this stage where that will be , I can say it will be somewhere that means I wo n't be playing for a competing club and will not therefore be lining up against Liverpool -- that is something I could never contemplate . " Tributes from fellow professionals have poured in . Liverpool teammate Kolo Toure told CNN : "  It has been an honor and it is still an honor for me to play with this amazing man . He is a top professional and a true legend . " Former teammates for both club and country also took to Twitter to praise the midfielder . Michael Owen said : "  Hard for the Steven Gerrard news to sink in . Amazing servant to Liverpool , arguably the best of all time , " while Jamie Carragher tweeted : "  Sad day for Lfc & English football with the Gerrard news . I think its the right decision all things considered . " The 34-year-old made his first-team debut for the Reds in November 1998 and has scored 180 goals to date in all competitions . Gerrard , who also represented England 114 times before retiring in July , won eight trophies with the club including two FA Cups , three League Cups and the UEFA Cup in 2001 . His greatest achievement came in 2005 when he captained Liverpool to victory in the Champions League final against AC Milan in Istanbul . Gerrard won the Man of the Match award as Rafa Benitez 's side overturned a three-goal deficit to eventually win a dramatic match in a penalty shoot-out . It was Gerrard 's looping headed goal early in the second half that sparked Liverpool 's remarkable recovery . However , his long-cherished desire to win the Premier League never materialized -- Liverpool came close in 2009 finishing second to Manchester United and last season Brendan Rodgers ' side were pipped to the post by Manchester City . Even more distressingly Gerrard 's mistake in the 2-0 home defeat by Chelsea near the end of the season gifted the visitors their first goal -- an error opposition supporters continue to remind the Liverpool captain about in a song during games . A 19th League title in his final season , and a first for the club in a quarter of century , looks improbable -- the Merseysiders are currently in eighth place in the table , 17 points off top spot . Gerrard reasserted his commitment to the team for the rest of the season and has n't ruled out a return to Anfield in the future . "  It is a very special place to be part of . It is my sincere hope and wish that one day I can return to serve Liverpool again , in whatever capacity best helps the club , " he said . Gerrard also paid tribute to Rodgers , the owners , his teammates and backroom staff , but reserved his most heartfelt thanks to the club 's loyal supporters . "  My final message is for the people who make Liverpool Football Club the greatest in the world -- the supporters . "  It has been a privilege to represent you , as a player and as captain . I have cherished every second of it and it is my sincere wish to finish this season and my Liverpool career on a high . "	Steven Gerrard to leave Liverpool at end of 2014-2015 season Gerrard has played nearly 700 times for Liverpool Midfielder will continue playing football -- but not in English Premier League
CNN  The body parts found inside a suitcase on a San Francisco sidewalk were identified as the remains of a 58-year-old man who resided in the Bay Area , authorities said Wednesday . The man was Omar Shahwan of Vallejo , California , according to the San Francisco Office of the Chief Medical Examiner . Authorities are still investigating the cause and manner of death , according to Christopher Wirowek , acting medical examiner administrator . One person was arrested and later released in connection with the discovery of the dismembered body , but that person , Mark Andrus , 54 , died Saturday after admitting himself to a hospital the same day , San Francisco Police said . On Wednesday , police were n't disclosing what was the relationship between the dismembered man and Andrus , said San Francisco Police Lt. Albie Esparza . Shahwan 's "  ID helps us out a lot . However , we still need to wait for the cause of death , " Esparza said . Andrus was released from custody last month after prosecutors said they did n't have enough evidence to prove a case against him . "  We are very disturbed by the facts of this case and are working with the San Francisco Police Department to secure the evidence necessary to prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law , " the San Francisco District Attorney 's Office said last week . "  Given the current state of the evidence , there is insufficient evidence to charge this suspect with murder . " The dismembered body was discovered on January 28 when police were called to the South of Market district in San Francisco . Other body parts were found in a trash can less than a block from the main crime scene . "  Andrus was our primary person of interest who was subsequently arrested and booked for the crime , " San Francisco Police Department spokeswoman Officer Grace Gatpandan said earlier this week . Jeff Adachi , a public defender who represented Andrus , said he was sorry to learn of his death . "  During the short time I represented Mark , I found him to be a kind and engaging person , " Adachi said . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Tony Marco , Catherine E. Shoichet and Sam Stringer contributed to this report .	The remains are those of Omar Shahwan , 58 , of Vallejo , California Authorities are still looking at the cause and manner of Shahwan 's death Police are n't disclosing the ties between Shahwan and a suspect , who 's now also dead
CNN  -- Florida neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder in the death of unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , a special prosecutor announced Wednesday . Zimmerman , 28 , who had been in hiding , turned himself in , his new lawyer told CNN legal analyst Mark NeJame . The suspect was transported Wednesday evening to the Seminole County Criminal Justice Center , police said . Zimmerman got out of a black SUV and was escorted into the center . He wore a plaid shirt , with a black cloth draped over his head . A hearing in the case is expected Thursday , according to authorities and Zimmerman 's attorney , Mark O'Mara . Sheriff Donald F. Eslinger said officials would determine whether Zimmerman would be held in the general inmate population . What happens next Charges against Zimmerman were announced in Jacksonville by prosecutor Angela Corey , who has said her job was "  to find out the full truth " about the February 26 incident in Sanford . "  It is the search for justice for Trayvon that has brought us to this moment , " Corey told reporters . "  We did not come to this decision lightly . " What do you think about the decision to charge Zimmerman ? Zimmerman 's claim of self-defense failed to quell an uproar about the decision by Sanford police not to initially charge him and about Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force by anyone who feels a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . The case also sparked a nationwide debate about race and racial profiling . Martin 's parents spoke after Corey 's announcement . "  We simply wanted an arrest ; we wanted nothing more , nothing less , " said Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton . "  We just wanted an arrest , and we got it and I say thank you , thank you Lord , thank you Jesus . " Martin 's father , Tracy , said , "  we will continue to walk by faith , we will continue to hold hands on this journey . White , black , Hispanic , Latino ... . We will march until the right thing is done . " George Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that the family was "  devastated " by the development . "  There were no winners in this already , " Robert Zimmerman Jr. said . "  Our brother could have been dead . Our brother literally had to save a life by taking a life . " Trayvon Martin case has a tough , controversial prosecutor O'Mara said a bond motion hearing may be held Thursday in Seminole County . "  I will be seeking his release , " he said of Zimmerman . Corey said Zimmerman had the right to appear before a magistrate within 24 hours of his arrest . "  I think  Zimmerman  is troubled by the fact the state decided to charge him , " O'Mara attorney told reporters Wednesday evening . "  I think anyone charged with second-degree murder would be scared . " He said his client will enter a plea of not guilty . Like Zimmerman 's relatives , O'Mara asked there be no rush to judgment . "  I am hoping the community will calm down , " he said . "  We have to have faith in the justice system . " In Florida , a conviction for second-degree murder carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . Elements in such a charge include demonstrating the death was caused by a criminal act , and that the act demonstrated a depraved mind without regard for human life . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Corey "  threw the book " at Zimmerman . Robert Zimmerman Jr. said prosecutors in such cases sometimes hope a defendant will take a plea deal . The Rev. Al Sharpton appeared with Martin 's parents after Corey 's announcement . "  They charged him with a serious crime , " Sharpton said of Zimmerman . "  He deserves a fair trial . We do n't want anybody high-fiving tonight . There 's no victory here . There are no winners here . They 've lost their son , " he said of Martin 's parents . Zimmerman was alone Wednesday when he turned himself in to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's office in Jacksonville , said Joyce Dawley of the department . In a letter last month to the Orlando Sentinel , George Zimmerman 's father wrote that his son has been unfairly portrayed as a racist . Although details of the evening shooting remain murky , what is known is that Martin , an African-American , ventured out from his father 's fiancee 's home in Sanford to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of Skittles and an Arizona Ice Tea . On his way back , he had a confrontation with Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , and Zimmerman shot him . Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , after which the dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursued Martin anyway before saying he lost sight of him . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman told authorities that after he briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchange words , Zimmerman said , he reached for his cell phone , and then Martin punched him in the nose . Zimmerman said Martin pinned him to the ground and began slamming his head into the sidewalk . Audio experts earlier this month told CNN that they do n't believe it 's Zimmerman who can be heard yelling "  Help ! " in the background of a different 911 call related to the shooting . They compared those screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in the 911 call he made minutes earlier . Authorities have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there were no grounds , at the outset , to disprove his account that he 'd acted to protect himself . A police report indicated the volunteer was bleeding from the nose and the back of his head . Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who sponsored the "  stand your ground " law in 2005 , said nothing in it allows people to "  pursue and confront . " Gov. Rick Scott , in a statement issued late Wednesday afternoon , said , "  Most Floridians and local civic leaders are law-abiding , responsible citizens who all want justice to prevail . No matter what State Attorney Corey determines following her investigation of the Trayvon Martin tragedy , I trust in the goodness of all Florida citizens to allow our justice system to reach an appropriate conclusion in this case . " O'Mara replaces Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig , the two lawyers who had been giving legal advice to Zimmerman . They told reporters Tuesday that they had lost contact with their client and no longer represent him . Attorney General Eric Holder pledged Wednesday that the Justice Department will "  conduct a thorough and independent review of the evidence . " "  I know that many of you are greatly -- and rightly -- concerned " about Martin 's death , Holder said -- "  a young man whose future has been lost to the ages . " The department 's investigation , launched three weeks ago , remains open , he said , which "  prevents me from talking in detail about this matter . " Holder did note , however , that Justice Department officials had traveled to Sanford to meet with Martin 's family , community members and local authorities . The FBI is assisting , he said . The case has drawn comments from President Barack Obama and led to protest marches in cities and campuses across the country . Ben Jealous , president of the NAACP , said Zimmerman 's arrest "  is an important first step toward bringing justice for Trayvon and his family . " He claimed Martin was profiled because of his race . CNN 's Martin Savidge and Vivian Kuo , and InSession 's Beth Karas , Jessica Thill and Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Zimmerman 's brother said family "  devastated " George Zimmerman arrives at Seminole County facility Trayvon Martin 's mother says family simply wanted an arrest Special prosecutor charges George Zimmerman with second-degree murder
CNN  -- Charges against a man accused of killing an alleged Whitey Bulger extortion victim have been upgraded to murder , according to a press release from the Middlesex , Massachusetts , District Attorney 's Office . A grand jury indicted William Camuti , 69 , in the death of Stephen Rakes , 59 , on Friday , according to the press release . The Massachusetts Medical Examiner 's Office determined in October the cause of Rakes ' death was acute cyanide poisoning , according to MaryBeth Long , a spokeswoman for the Middlesex District Attorney 's Office . Camuti previously confessed to putting potassium cyanide in an iced coffee that he provided to Rakes , according to testimony by Massachusetts State Trooper Michael Banks at a hearing in Concord District Court on September 10 . In a phone call on July 16 , Camuti asked Rakes to meet him about a potential investment property in Wilmington , officials said . "  The defendant lured the victim to a meeting at which they were to discuss a business deal , " Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said in a press release . "  Instead the defendant used the meeting as an occasion to serve the victim a poisoned iced coffee . " Rakes took a sip and decided the coffee tasted too bitter . Camuti then drove him around the cities of Waltham , Woburn , Burlington and Lincoln for several hours until he "  succumbed to ... ingesting " the cyanide , Banks testified . Rakes reportedly had been an extortion victim of Bulger 's and learned shortly before his death that prosecutors no longer planned to call him to testify , a friend said . The day Rakes met with Camuti , surveillance video showed Rakes leaving the federal courthouse where he regularly attended Bulger 's murder trial . Rakes appeared to be wearing the same clothing in which his body was found , according to authorities . The two men met that afternoon in a McDonald 's in Waltham , where officials say Camuti bought two iced coffees , laced one with two teaspoons of potassium cyanide and gave it to Rakes . Potassium cyanide interferes with the body 's ability to use oxygen , and exposure to it can be rapidly fatal , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Investigators said Camuti dumped Rakes ' body in a wooded area , where it was found the next day . CNN 's requests for comment from Camuti 's attorney were not immediately returned . In August , Camuti pleaded not guilty to charges of attempted murder , misleading police and unlawful disposition of human remains . He is being held without bail . Bulger , an Irish mob boss in Boston , was found guilty in August on 31 of 32 counts , including extortion , money laundering , drug dealing and weapons possession . A federal jury held Bulger responsible for the murders of 11 people . CNN 's Lawrence Crook III and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	William Camuti is indicted in the death of Stephen Rakes Rakes reportedly was extorted by mobster Whitey Bulger Camuti accused of poisoning Rakes with iced coffee
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China has become the world 's third-largest economy , surpassing Germany and closing rapidly on Japan , according to government and World Bank figures . Commuters drive along a road in downtown Beijing , China , on Thursday . The Chinese government revised its growth figures for 2007 from 11.9 percent to 13 percent this week , bringing its estimated gross domestic product to $ 3.4 trillion -- about 3 percent larger than Germany 's $ 3.3 trillion for the same year , based on World Bank estimates . Beijing is expected to release its 2008 GDP figures next week . Although the world 's top economies , the United States and Japan , are in recession , the most pessimistic estimates for China 's growth in upcoming years runs about 5 percent . That could allow China 's GDP to overtake Japan 's , currently $ 4.3 trillion , within a few years . The U.S. economy , the world 's largest , was about $ 13.8 trillion in 2007 . The World Bank 's estimate of China 's economic growth is about 7.5 percent . But China has seen a sharp decline in exports in November and December as other major economies struggle , and the bank 's analysts say rates below 6 percent could worsen the rest of the world 's slump . Watch how China was able to overtake Germany " And Michael Santoro , author of the 2008 book "  China 2020 , " said China will have other problems to overcome if it is to maintain its rapid expansion . "  It 's no longer sufficient for China to become a manufacturer of sneakers or toys and the like , " Santoro said . "  Now they 're looking to become players in the area of pharmaceuticals and foods and other high value-added products , where safety and quality are important characteristics for improving in the global economy . " China recently announced a $ 600 billion economic stimulus package , and its State Council on Wednesday laid out a new plan to boost its steel and auto industries -- including about $ 1.5 billion to develop alternative-fuel vehicles . CNN 's John Vause and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	China 's GDP could overtake Japan 's within a few years World Bank 's estimate of China 's economic growth is about 7.5 percent China announced $ 600 billion economic stimulus package recently
SHANGHAI , China -- Championship leader Lewis Hamilton spun out of the Chinese Grand Prix to send the world title race to a cliffhanger finale in Brazil on October 21 . A disconsolate Lewis Hamilton leaves his car after spinning into the gravel trap in Shanghai . Rookie Hamilton can still clinch the crown with third place in the closing race , but saw his 12-point lead cut to four by McLaren team-mate Fernando Alonso in Shanghai . The Spaniard finished second behind Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen , who also kept his title hopes alive by moving within seven points of Hamilton . The young Briton started the race in pole position and at one stage led Raikkonen by more than eight seconds as he again showed superb skills in the wet conditions . However , the 22-year-old stayed out on the drying track too long in his wet tires , which deteriorated at an alarming rate to let Finland 's Raikkonen take the lead . And when Hamilton -- who won in Japan last week to give himself the chance of clinching the title this weekend -- finally headed toward the pit lane , he spun out onto the gravel to end his chances with 25 laps to go . Raikkonen and Alonso both switched to dry tires on the 32nd of the 56 laps , with the Finn going on to win by by 9.8 seconds for his fifth victory this season -- one more than both Hamilton and Alonso . Raikkone 's team-mate Felipe Massa was third , while fourth place was claimed by Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Vettel , who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in Japan behind the safety car while Hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing . Britain 's Jenson Button was fifth in a Honda ahead of Vettel 's team-mate Vitantonio Liuzzi , while Germany 's Nick Heidfeld was seventh for BMW Sauber and David Coulthard of Scotland took the final point for Red Bull . Hamilton was still confident he could bounce back after suffering his first retirement of the season . "  I 'm sorry for the team but I can still do it , do n't worry , " he said . "  When I got out of the car I was just gutted because it was my first mistake all year , and to do it on the way into the pits was not something I usually do . "  You can not go through life without making mistakes . But I am over it and we look forward to Brazil . The team will be working hard to make sure the car is quick enough there , and we still have points in the bag . "  We were having a great race and we did n't know if it was going to rain or not . The tyres were getting worse and worse and you could almost see the canvas underneath . When I came into the pits it was like ice , I could n't do anything about it . " McLaren boss Ron Dennis refused to blame his driver or his team for the spin-off . "  It 's too extreme to say anyone made a mistake in this . It has been a very competitive season between our drivers and it will go on for another Grand Prix , " Dennis said . "  I do n't think we did anything dramatically wrong and neither did Lewis . But the circuit was considerably drier than the pit lane entrance . That 's what made the difference . "  It was easy to say that we could have stopped earlier , but would it have made a difference ? All the top teams -- Ferrari and ourselves -- were trying to get through the rain and straight onto a dry tire . " Alonso , who qualified for the race in fourth , is seeking to become the third driver to win three world titles . "  The result was good today and the eight points are a help for sure , " he said . "  I think the championship will still be very difficult because I know it will not be easy to take four points from Lewis . "  I need something dramatic if I want to win . With a normal race it will be impossible . " Raikkonen added : "  We are back in the championship and it will be interesting in the final race . "  Hopefully the car is good and it will be a battle all weekend . It is not just up to us though , we saw today that anything can happen , but we are back in the championship . " E-mail to a friend	Lewis Hamilton fails to clinch world title after spinning out of the Chinese GP Briton 's lead cut to four points by McLaren team-mate Fernando Alonso Alonso finished second in Shanghai behind Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Army staff sergeant will posthumously receive the Medal of Honor after he sacrificed his own life in an effort to save another soldier in Afghanistan , the White House said Friday . By acts of "  immeasurable courage , " Staff Sgt. Jared Monti earned the Medal of Honor , the White House said . Staff Sgt. Jared Monti will receive the medal , the nation 's highest military honor , on September 17 for his actions in combat , the White House said in a statement . His parents , Paul and Janet Monti , "  will join the president at the White House to commemorate their son 's example of selfless service and sacrifice . " Monti , of Raynham , Massachusetts , died June 21 , 2006 , while deployed with the 10th Mountain Division , according to a Web site set up by family and friends to announce a scholarship in his honor . He was 31 when he died . Monti 's reconnaissance team occupied a surveillance position when they were attacked near Gowardesh , Afghanistan , and he was killed by enemy fire , the Web site says . The White House statement said Monti "  displayed immeasurable courage and uncommon valor -- eventually sacrificing his own life in an effort to save his comrade , " but did not provide details of his actions . Monti 's military decorations already included the Bronze Star , Purple Heart , five Army Commendation Medals , four Army Achievement Medals , three Good Conduct Medals and three National Defense Service Medals , the White House statement said . He is survived by his parents , his sister and brother and a niece . Monti was posthumously promoted to sergeant first class . The Medal of Honor is awarded to U.S. soldiers who distinguish themselves with "  gallantry above and beyond the call of duty , " the White House said . "  The meritorious conduct must involve great personal bravery or self-sacrifice so conspicuous as to clearly distinguish the individual above his or her comrades and must have involved risk of life . "	White House : President will present medal to soldier 's parents in September Staff Sgt. Jared Monti showed "  immeasurable courage " in Afghanistan White House says Monti gave his life for comrade in combat , but no other details Much-decorated soldier was posthumously promoted to sergeant first class .
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are in pole position to pocket the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup $ 10 million jackpot after finishing the third round tied for the lead at the season finale Tour Championship . The 27-year-old American and the world No. 1 are two of five players in the 29-strong field who can claim the $ 10 million prize for topping the FedEx Cup playoff series by winning the season 's final event at Atlanta 's East Lake Golf Club . McIlroy began the day two shots behind Horschel but a three-under par 67 , compared to the American 's 69 , ensured the Northern Irishman drew level at nine-under par after 54 holes . After Friday 's heroics , where McIlroy fired a tee shot into a spectator 's trouser pocket on his way to a five-under 65 , Saturday was shaping up to be equally eventful . A birdie , bogey , birdie start hinted at another day of high drama and low scoring before things settled down with a run of five pars . That sequence was broken with a birdie at the ninth followed by a bogey at 10 before an eagle three at the par five 15th saw McIlroy finally reel in his playing partner . "  I have n't really played the par fives well all week ... it was a big turning point as it tied me for the lead , " McIlroy told Sky Sports . An errant tee shot at the par three 18th threatened to take the gloss off another polished display , but the ever-assured McIlroy made a tricky up-and-down from thick , greenside rough look simple . "  I 've felt a little weary and in no way have I played my best golf , but I 'm tied for the lead and I ca n't ask for any more , " McIlroy said . Earlier , three front-nine birdies had seen Horschel extend his overnight lead to three shots but two bogeys at 10 and 13 , coupled with McIlroy 's eagle , saw his advantage disappear . Jim Furyk is by no means out of contention to win the tournament after a 67 left him two shots adrift of the joint-leaders while Ricky Fowler , England 's Justin Rose and Australia 's Jason Day are all one shot further back on six under . Of the remaining three players who can claim the FedEx jackpot with a win on Sunday no matter where other players finish , Chris Kirk , joint-leader with Horschel after round one , is in closest contention . The Atlanta native is five under after three rounds while Bubba Watson is three-under par . Hunter Mahan , however , will not be banking a $ 10m check come Monday morning -- the 32-year-old is seven-over par for his three rounds . Read more : Horschel chooses golf over baby 's birth	Rory McIlory fires a third round 67 to tie the lead at Tour Championship Northern Irishman on nine-under par alongside America 's Billy Horschel Jim Furyk two shots back on seven under as 29-strong field chase $ 10m prize
CNN  The greatest sports franchises in the world all share one thing in common : superfans so passionate they will travel far and wide to watch their teams exult in victory . Dennis Doyle has experienced all of the travel and exactly none of the joy . When the 32-year-old New York Knicks lifer first drummed up the plan to follow his beloved NBA team at every stop -- including London -- for an entire season , he had no idea it would be a historic one . Sadly for him , it was historic for all the wrong reasons . "  This is the worst basketball that I 've seen this season , " says Doyle , while exiting the O2 Arena after the Knicks were blown out by the Milwaukee Bucks for their 16th loss in a row . Doyle arrived in London  via Iceland  on Saturday to watch the Knicks as part of the NBA 's Global Games initiative . "  I was hoping they would win close to 40 games , sneak into the playoffs and see what could happen , " he says . Instead , the Knicks are on course to have their worst season in franchise history with a 5 -- 36 record at the halfway mark . The failure is extreme , even for a team that has battled a revolving door of personnel changes and off-court controversy for well over a decade . During the off season , the Knicks hired Phil Jackson to run its front office -- unchartered territory for the legendary former coach . His first move was to appoint his long-serving Lakers point-guard Derek Fisher as a rookie head coach . Both , it appears , are learning on the job at the expense of fans who pay the highest ticket prices in the league . For Doyle , however , supporting the Knicks is practically out of his hands . "  If it were possible I would have left the team about 10 years ago , " he says , referring to an era that included crippling player contracts along with an in-house sexual harassment charge against then-coach and general manager Isiah Thomas . "  So I 've given up trying to get a divorce , we 're stuck together ... unfortunately . " In London , he will attend his first English Premier League football match at his adopted team of Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday . "  I ended up choosing the team most like the Knicks , " Doyle explains . "  They are from a big city , but have a history of disappointment . There 's something that resonated with me in that . " Rather than sport a lucky jersey like most super fans , Doyle wears an unlucky jersey , Carmelo Anthony 's number 7 , which he bought after the third game of the season when the Knicks had a record of 2-1 . They have won only three games and lost 35 since . "  It 's a tough season , so we really appreciate his effort of trying to see all of our games , " says Pablo Prigioni , the Knicks Argentinian point guard and Doyle 's favorite current player . "  You know I feel a little bit sad , not only for him , but for all Knicks fans around the world , " Prigioni explains . "  Because of course we never expected this kind of season ; but by now we are in the middle of deep changes , so I think in the future the team will be much better . " Doyle , who went to law school at Georgetown , received a pink slip from his law firm on the same day the Knicks announced Jackson 's hire . He took it as a sign . After talking it over with his sister Kelly , a life coach in Charlotte , North Carolina , Doyle paid $ 3,500 for a season 's worth of middle-tier corner seats at Madison Square Garden and began plotting his six month odyssey . Including away tickets , which he paid for in advance -- "  I probably could have gotten a discount if I had waited to see how bad they are , " he laments -- along with flights and accommodation , the experience has set him back $ 25,000 . "  It 's a crazy amount of money , I understand that , " he says , between sips of Guinness at an oak-infused pub in Notting Hill , west London . "  But a lot of people in my position will travel the world . Lawyers burn themselves out , they take a year off , and spend a good deal of money . This is my version of that . " Doyle , who says there was "  an element of relief " in getting fired , is using the time off to hone his writing skills on his travel blog and has already signed with a book agent . A great fan of Nick Hornsby 's "  Fever Pitch , " he intends to write a memoir about the Knicks ' season in the same vein , minus the trophy ending . In some ways he sees the Knicks ' moribund season as a perverse blessing in disguise . "  I think it is infinitely more interesting to write about a really , really bad team then to write about a mediocre team , or even a really good team . " he says . "  Right away there is a certain interest , a morbid curiosity . " Although the Knicks often trail by double figures early  the Bucks took a 14-0 lead on Thursday , and were ahead by 20 points in the second quarter  , Doyle says he tries to remain focused at least until the end of the third quarter . Sometimes , however , the losing is just too hard to take . "  At a certain point , it 's like watching a small animal get tortured and there 's no reason to continue to subject myself to that kind of pain , " he says . Outside of the arenas , he resists the psychological pull of returning to life as a lawyer , sometimes from the most unexpected places . In New Orleans , prominent personal injury attorney Morris Bart invited Doyle to sit courtside with him , but on one condition . "  I had to sit and listen to him explain why I was making a mistake by leaving the practice of law , " says Doyle , who became aware that the VIP experience was a subtle recruiting effort . Even other extreme fans find Doyle 's mission unattainable . "  That 's a lot more hardcore than I am , " says Ziad Al-Essa , a 35-year-old Milwaukee Bucks faithful , who flew in from Kuwait and spent $ 750 on a floor seat to see the London game . "  He got fired , he spent his savings watching a horrible team lose . That 's a diehard fan . " Nevertheless , Doyle admits that he 'll be relieved once the season is over , and doubts he 'll renew his season ticket even though he thinks the Knicks can become a playoff team next season . "  I do n't think I 'll be able to afford it , " he shrugs . There 's one more reason why he 's not renewing . "  I miss watching it on TV , " he says .	Fan spends $ 25,000 to watch Knicks ' epic losing streak Traveling far and wide , Dennis Doyle gets no respite Only "  morbid curiosity " keeps him coming back for more Run of losses "  like watching a small animal get tortured , " says Doyle
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is moving toward increasing aid to the Syrian opposition , including providing nonlethal military equipment and possibly strategic military training , sources told CNN Tuesday . The changes are under discussion with allies as well , as part Secretary of State John Kerry 's meetings this week in Europe , a senior administration official said . The sources said the United States is not considering providing weapons . The administration is also moving toward giving humanitarian aid directly to the Syrian Opposition Coalition , the official said , adding that this was already happening in limited amounts . Obama 's national security policy resembles Eisenhower 's The consideration was first reported on Tuesday by The Washington Post . The United States is also looking to remove restrictions on "  dual-use " equipment , such as those involving communications , body armor , flak jackets , night-vision equipment and military vehicles , according to another source familiar with the policy discussions . Such items are defensive in nature , but they could be used to aid in combat . The training would be intended to help rebels allocate resources and set objectives , strategize and possibly train a potential police force , the source said . "  They are doing a redefinition of what is lethal , " the source said . "  They have been working on this for a while . " The source said the United States is also helping the new Syrian government in exile get on its feet by developing government institutions , strategic communications and outreach . The increase is being done in coordination with the Europeans . A senior European diplomat said that though the European Union is not lifting its arms embargo against Syria , its members are moving to loosen restrictions on nonlethal military aid -- including night-vision goggles , body armor and possible military training . Each EU nation would decide on its own what to supply , the official said . Reversing course , Syrian opposition group to attend Rome conference In meetings on his first official trip , Kerry has focused on Syria . He met Tuesday with German officials and with Russia 's foreign minister . Their two-hour discussion included Syria , said State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . On Thursday , Kerry travels to Rome for a meeting of countries supporting the opposition . Kerry was involved in an effort to keep the Syrian opposition -- upset by the government 's attacks on Aleppo and a perceived lack of movement by other countries to prevent it -- from following through on an announced boycott of the Rome meeting . The U.S. ambassador to Syria , Robert Ford , flew Sunday to Cairo to talk to the opposition and Kerry spoke Monday by phone with the group . By Monday evening , the group announced it would attend Thursday 's meetings . "  We are determined that the Syrian opposition is not going to be dangling in the wind wondering where the support is or if it is coming , and we are determined to change the calculation on the ground for President  Bashar al-Assad  , " Kerrry said Monday in London . Until recently , the loosely coordinated rebel movement was heavily outgunned by al-Assad 's military forces , who leveraged superior weaponry and an air force . But rebels have made significant gains recently . As foreign countries have funneled more weapons to the opposition , rebels have seized control of greater territory , and the fighting has moved closer to the capital of Damascus , according to opposition fighters . The New York Times reported on Tuesday that Saudi Arabia was supplying the rebels with Croatian weapons funneled through Jordan . "  Indeed , we procured new anti-aircraft and heavy defensive weapons donated from Arab and non-Arab countries recently , " Louay Almokdad , political and media coordinator for the Free Syrian Army , told CNN on Sunday . "  But they are not enough to stand against the regime 's forces at this point . " French journalist killed while covering Syrian civil war CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Changes are under discussion with allies , too , a senior administration official says Sources say the United States is not considering providing weapons The United States may remove restrictions on "  dual-use " equipment , another source says "  They are doing a redefinition of what is lethal , " the source says
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Young women in bright miniskirts and high heels line up to sell themselves in the dingy back streets throughout the Russian capital . Moscow 's illegal flesh markets are flourishing , with up to 30 women at each pickup point , or tochka , standing in order of price for the night . Russian police acknowledge that human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major problem . Customers light up the lines with their car headlights and are asked to pay between $ 100 and $ 700 for a woman . Aid workers for groups fighting for women 's rights say Moscow is witnessing a surge in prostitution , including forced prostitution , as a result of Russia 's booming economy . They say thousands of young women are made to work as sex slaves on the city 's streets , unable to escape from the ruthless and violent criminal gangs who traffic them . Watch Moscow 's thriving sex trade " "  It 's because of the economic boom they are brought here , " said Afsona Kadyrova of the Angel Coalition aid agency , which rehabilitates trafficked women and children . "  The fast pace of development in Moscow has fueled demand for a range of cheap workers , including prostitutes . " To investigate the thriving trade , CNN went undercover posing as potential customers and gained access to speak directly to the prostitutes and their pimps . "  Take your pick from any of the girls , " the female organizer said at one location , lines of women all around . "  The expensive ones are on the right , for $ 600 and $ 700 a night . The women on the left are $ 100 . " Aid agencies say many of the women working here are tricked into coming to Moscow on the promise of an education or a good job . They say others are simply kidnapped from their hometowns and forced to work as prostitutes in Moscow . Watch one woman describe how her uncle duped her into prostitution " Russian police acknowledge that human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major problem , saying they do what they can to fight it by raiding brothels suspected of forced prostitution and arresting gang members who run them . But the problem , they say , lies elsewhere . "  First of all , we have virtually open borders , and badly controlled migration flows from nearby countries , " said Alexander Krasnov of Russia 's Interior Ministry Police . "  Secondly , we still do n't have a basic law that defines victims ' rights . At the moment , it 's mostly aid agencies that deal with it . " Aid agencies say they are handling a growing number of deeply traumatized victims rescued from brothels and pimps in the Moscow area . One U.N. organization , the International Organization for Migration , recently opened a treatment and rehabilitation center to cope with the large numbers of sexually exploited and trafficked women who come for help . At this center , Christine , a 27-year-old Nigerian woman , tells how she acquired a painful 4-inch scar across her right cheek . She says she was lured to Russia from Nigeria four years ago by her uncle . He promised to give her a college education , she says . But instead , she says , he sent her to a Moscow brothel . He told her "  the kind of job I 'm going to be doing is prostitution . " "  I ask him , ` Why prostitution ? Why not another job to pay the money ? ' He says I did n't speak the language . I can not do any other job . " She added , "  It made me feel very bad . I felt that I 'm not going to do it over my dead body . " But when she tried to run away , her uncle cut her face , says Christine , who asked that her last name not be used . "  He made me know that if I do n't cooperate with him , something bad will happen to me -- that if I made an attempt to run away , it would end in taking my life . So I was really scared about that , " she said . Aid workers say Russia has become a prime destination for trafficked women from Africa , the Far East and former Soviet states . There are no exact figures , but aid agencies estimate that thousands of trafficked women are on Moscow 's streets . "  Before , it was just a country of origin for Europe and the U.S. and elsewhere in the world , " Kadyrova said . "  But right now , we see that Russia has become a destination country also . " According to the group 's Web site , human traffickers "  prey on the dreams of impoverished women seeking employment and opportunities for the future . " Most women are young and single with little education ; some are orphans and college students ; others are married with children . "  All of them are lured by advertising images of a beautiful life beyond the borders of their homelands -- making them easy prey to the thousands of traffickers advertising in newspapers , on radio , television , in the metro and on the streets for wonderful work abroad with no experience necessary , " the group says . For millions , Russia 's new economic prosperity has been a blessing . But for those caught up in the sex trade , it 's a curse . Christine managed to escape after meeting a woman from a church who helped her . "  I was crying all the time , telling her , ' I do n't want this kind of job , ' " she said .	Aid groups say booming economy has fueled demand for prostitutes in Moscow Nigerian woman forced into prostitution says her uncle lured her to Moscow "  He made me know that if I do n't cooperate ... it would end in taking my life " Russian police admit human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major problem
A new video released by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula confirms the group 's senior leaders were closely involved in the plot to blow up a U.S. airliner over Detroit five years ago and that American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki was among them . The video , released by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's official media arm , shows a short clip of the "  underwear " bomber , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , together with both the group 's leader , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , and al-Awlaki . CNN is unable to confirm the authenticity of the clip , which is in slow motion and lasts barely five seconds . But Laith Alkhouri of Flashpoint Partners , which monitors jihadist media releases , says it appears to be genuine . A previous al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula video released in June showed AbdulMutallab embracing al-Wuhayshi , who is now deputy to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . AbdulMutallab 's communications and meetings with al-Awlaki were previously known . But this video underlines the extent to which al-Awlaki was by the fall of 2009 closely involved with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's leadership . AbdulMutallab , a Nigerian student , boarded a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 with a device hidden in his underpants . He was unable to detonate it as the airliner descended to its destination . The video -- some 30 minutes long -- is a compilation celebrating an important clan in central Yemen , the Dahab , and specifically three brothers , Nabil , Qa'id and Tariq . They had become prominent supporters of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and formed a friendship with al-Awlaki , who married their sister . One of the brothers , Qa'id Al Dahab , recruited AbdulMutallab in the Yemeni capital and brought him to the attention of the al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leadership in autumn 2009 , according to Alkhouri . During AbdulMutallab 's brief trial  which ended abruptly when he changed his plea to guilty  , it was disclosed that the Nigerian had told the FBI he had been introduced in Sana'a to an al Qaeda operative named Abu Tarak , who became his principal handler . It seems Abu Tarak may in fact have been one of the Al Dahab brothers . In late November 2009 , Abu Tarak enlisted AbdulMutallab in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's plan to attack an American airliner . In releasing the video now , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is drawing attention to the role of Dahab family members in its ongoing battles against Houthi militia in Bayda , and trying to rally support in what has become a draining war of attrition . Battles between al Qaeda fighters and Houthi militia across a wide swath of central Yemen are an almost daily occurrence . Bomb attacks in Ra ` da last week killed more than 20 people , including 15 girls on a bus . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was quick to blame the Houthi for the girls ' deaths . The Houthi , a Shia minority in Yemen , seized control of Sana'a in September and have since pushed into central Yemen . They also control Yemen 's second port , Hodeidah , on the Red Sea . The video includes a quote from al-Awlaki , who says "  The host for this jihad is the clan . In Afghanistan the clan , in Iraq the clan and in Somalia the clan . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula needs the support of the tribes in its fight against the Houthis , and has tried to cast the struggle as one between the Sunni tribes and "  heretical " Shia for the soul of Islam . As for the Dahabs , Qa'id was killed last year , purportedly in a drone strike . Tariq brought Sharia law to the town of Ra ` da in Bayda in 2012 , but was then killed by his half-brother Hizzam , who had objected to al Qaeda 's presence in Ra ` da . The al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula video claims Hizzam killed Tariq "  with the support of the Yemeni regime and their masters the Americans . "	Video shows bomber with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leaders Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab tried to blow up a plane over Detroit on 2009 The 30-minute video is a compilation celebrating an important clan in central Yemen
CNN  -- An American graduate student who went to Iraq to find ways to help ordinary citizens persevere in a transitioning government was one of two American civilians killed in a Sadr City bombing . Nicole Suveges , a political scientist working toward her doctorate , died in a Sadr City bombing Tuesday . Nicole Suveges , a married political scientist from Illinois , was part of a program that embeds academics into military units to help personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan navigate the local environment , according to her employer , BAE Systems . Suveges , who started her tour with Human Terrain System in April , had been assigned to support the 3rd Brigade Combat Team for the 4th Infantry Division in "  political , cultural , and tribal engagements , " a statement from the program said . She was one of four Americans to die in the Sadr City bombing Tuesday . Two U.S. soldiers and a State Department employee , Steven Farley , who worked with the provincial reconstruction team , also were killed in the blast . "  Nicole was a leading academic who studied for years on how to improve conditions for others , " Doug Belair , president of BAE 's Technology Solutions & Services , said in a written statement . "  She came to us to give freely of herself in an effort to make a better world . " Suveges was the second BAE employee to die in a combat zone this year . Michael V. Bhatia , 31 , a social scientist from Medway , Massachusetts , died in a roadside bombing May 7 in Afghanistan , BAE said . Scott Fazekas , BAE 's director of communications , said Suveges and Bhatia were among three dozen social scientists hired by the company and its subcontractors to support the program . The Johns Hopkins University graduate student was also working toward a doctorate in political science with an emphasis on international relations . The focus of her dissertation was on the transition from an authoritarian regime to democracy and how it affects ordinary citizens , the university said . "  Nicole was committed to using her learning and experience to make the world a better place , especially for people who have suffered through war and conflict , " William R. Brody , president of the university , said in a message Wednesday to the campus community . "  She exemplifies all that we seek to do at Johns Hopkins : to use knowledge for the good of humanity . " Mark Blyth , Suveges ' primary faculty adviser , said that when Suveges came to Johns Hopkins , she planned to write her Ph.D. dissertation on how ideas move across borders from society to society , exploring how radical Islamic ideas filtered through Western European mosques . After the outbreak of the Iraq war , Suveges decided to shift her focus to the experience of ordinary citizens under a transitional government , said Blyth , a topic that had interested Suveges since her experience in Bosnia with the SFOR/NATO Combined Joint Psychological Operations Task Force . "  She was a very bright , engaging , sweet person , very intellectually curious , " Blyth said Wednesday . BAE said Suveges ' experience , which included a tour in Iraq as a civilian contractor and a stint in Bosnia in the 1990s as an Army reservist , made her especially valuable in efforts to improve the lives of Iraqis . A Human Terrain System statement said Suveges and others were attending a meeting of the District Advisory Council on Tuesday to elect a new chairman . The officials were helping mediate disputes among the Sadr City leadership and "  facilitate the development of a more representative local government , " the statement said . The attack was blamed on a Shiite insurgent cell . Suveges graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1992 and received a master 's degree in political science from George Washington University in 1998 . She had delivered papers to international relations organizations and served as a graduate teaching assistant , the company said . At Johns Hopkins , she was managing editor for the Review of International Political Economy , the university said . Maj. Mike Kenfield , spokesman for the Army 's training and doctrine command , said that the program was credited for "  reductions in non-lethal operations " and that there had been talk about expanding the purview of the team to outside Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Nicole Suveges , 38 , was part of team of academic embeds advising military in Iraq The political scientist and Johns Hopkins grad student died in Sadr City bombing Suveges is second Human Terrain System employee to die in combat zone this year She was also finishing dissertation on citizens in transitioning governments
CNN  -- Re-elected German Chancellor Angela Merkel is eyeing a new coalition to replace the "  grand coalition " her Christian Democratic Union  CDU  party shared with the Social Democratic Party  SPD  in the previous parliament . Angela Merkel has pledged to be "  a Chancellor for all Germans " . If , as expected , Merkel forms a new coalition with the Free Democratic Party  FPD  it will have wide-reaching implications for Germans . The FPD are more economically liberal than Merkel 's previous partner , the SPD . According to CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , the FPD led by Guido Westerwelle will push for control of some key positions in the new government , including perhaps the finance ministry . Pleitgen believes that economic policy is likely to change dramatically . "  This means a whole lot more pro-business politics for Germany than in the past . You 'll probably see tax cuts and it will probably mean smaller government than seen in the past four years , " he said . Speaking at a post-election news conference on Monday , Merkel said that the result is an opportunity to build a smaller government . "  If one looks at the majority relationships , we will be dealing with a smaller partner , the FDP , " she said . "  We are happy to use this chance in very difficult economic times to secure jobs , create new ones and drive growth more decisively . " Merkel also pledged to be "  a Chancellor for all Germans " . The election was disastrous for her rival , foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier and the SPD who saw their vote fall 10 percent from 34.2 percent in 2005 to 23 percent . The result is the SPD 's worst result since World War II . The results leave the CDU as the strongest party in the German parliament with 27.3 percent of the popular vote -- slightly down on the 27.8 percent it achieved four years ago . Despite being the biggest party in the Bundestag , the vote marked one of the CDU 's poorest showings in an election . But its traditional coalition with the Christian Social Union -- who won 6.5 percent of the vote -- means that the CDU/CSU bloc won 33.8 percent of the vote . The biggest winners on election night were the Free Democratic Party  FPD  whose share of the vote rose nearly five percent from 9.8 to 14.6 percent .	Angela Merkel is elected German chancellor for a second time Rival Social Democratic Party suffers worst election night since WWII Merkel expected to form coalition with economically liberal Free Democratic Party
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Nearly six years ago , I left Texas to move back home to California . I must have been the only one . U.S. Census Bureau data released this week confirm that , during the last decade , the tide was definitely going the other way . The Lone Star State was the undisputed winner in the 2010 population sweepstakes . Its prize : more congressional seats awarded through reapportionment than any other state . Texas added four House seats and increased its number of electoral votes to 38 . That will be second only to California , which has 55 electoral votes . California , which grew rapidly through the 20th century , only increased at the national average in the past 10 years . It did n't add any House seats this year . The other winners in the census lottery include Florida , which picked up two new seats in Congress . Arizona , Georgia , Nevada , Utah , South Carolina and Washington all picked up one extra seat . It is a much bleaker story in Ohio , New York , Pennsylvania , Illinois , Iowa , Michigan and Massachusetts , which lost seats . Why did you move -- or stay -- in the last few years ? Tell us on iReport ! It makes for quite a sea change . We are seeing the transfer of influence and prominence away from what has long been considered the power corridor of Boston , Washington and New York and toward the Sunbelt . Texas is the buckle in that belt . If you want to catch a glimpse of the future , you do n't go to Alexandria or Syracuse or Worcester . You go to Austin , Houston or San Antonio . A generation or two ago , Americans left the Northeast and headed west to California in search of the Pacific , milder climate , bountiful farmland and a spirit of tolerance . Now , they 're still leaving the Northeast -- but also leaving California -- to head to Texas in pursuit of lower taxes , less government regulation , lower home prices and a spirit of independence . I have plenty of friends and family in Texas , and they have good reason to celebrate this holiday season . After all , this is a place that is used to coming in second . Texas is the second-largest state in area , behind Alaska . And it 's the second-most populous state next to California . But in terms of population growth , it 's second to none . Texas is a beautiful and extremely livable state , with scenic vistas and hospitable people . But somewhere in its bloodstream , there is an inferiority complex . It 's just as well that my friends in Dallas can fly to Los Angeles or New York in just a few hours , because the city is always aspiring to be thought of as being sophisticated as Los Angeles and New York . While some pundits are saying that this population shift to the Southwest is good news for Republicans , I 'm not so sure that 's true . Texas is still a red state , but there is some evidence that it 's trending purple . Election results confirm that Dallas County and Harris County , which includes Houston , are home to more Democrats than they used to be . There is still a lot of red in the panhandle and western Texas , to be sure . But demographics do n't lie . You ca n't talk honestly about population growth in Texas without acknowledging two things . First , much of it is coming from transplants from blue states such as California . They are packing up preformed liberal tendencies and taking them into the land of the blue bonnets . According to The Dallas Morning News , an average of 80,000 Californians moved to Texas each year from 2006 to 2008 . Second , much of the rest of Texas ' population growth is tied to the phenomenal increase in the Hispanic population . That 's another subset that tends to lean left politically . According to Bill Frey , a demographer with the Brookings Institution , Hispanics made up more than half the new arrivals to Texas . The same goes for Arizona , Florida and Nevada . That 's not surprising . The larger story likely to come out of the 2010 census is that the Hispanic population is exploding . The data showing the racial/ethnic breakdown of the U.S. population wo n't be released until February . But already there is reasonable speculation that the Hispanic population could be somewhere in the neighborhood of 60 million , or about 19 percent of the total U.S. population , which is now 308.7 million . And in Texas , Hispanics will likely account for nearly 40 percent of the state 's population . There is no question that , as a result of the population shifts of the past 10 years , Texas and states out West are coming into their own and will have more power and influence to steer a new course for the country . But who will these states be steered by ? Whom do you think ? Welcome to the new America . Or should I say , "  Bienvenidos ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	U.S. Census shows growth in Southwest , with Texas gaining quickly Lone Star State is gaining four seats in House , the most of any state He says people are coming in search of lower taxes , less regulation , cheaper housing Growth of Hispanic population is a major factor driving increase in Texas , he says
CNN  -- A graphic video played at a hearing Monday to determine whether two California police officers should stand trial in the beating death of a homeless man showed them kicking and punching the mentally ill man as he lay on the ground -- screaming in pain and begging for help . The victim , Kelly Thomas , died five days after the beating on July 5 . Manuel Ramos , a 10-year veteran of the Fullerton , California , police department , is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , while Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli faces charges of involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force in the same case . Both have pleaded not guilty . The black-and-white video was played during a preliminary hearing for the two officers . It begins with Thomas -- a 37-year-old homeless man with schizophrenia -- sitting and being told by Ramos to put his feet out and hands on his knees . The officers were responding to a call about a homeless man looking into car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars . In the video , Thomas is slow to cooperate . Ramos then tells him : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up . " Thomas , who is unarmed and shirtless , stands and another officer walks over . They hit him with their batons and hold him on the ground as he begs for help . "  Ok , I 'm sorry , dude . I 'm sorry ! " he screams . At one point , Thomas says he ca n't breathe . The officers tell him to lie on his stomach , put his hands behind his back and relax . "  Ok , here , here , dude , please ! " he says . Other officers arrive . At times , trees block the view of the camera and it 's not always clear who is doing what as officers pile on top of Thomas . One uses a Taser stun gun . Thomas cries out for help and . toward the end of the beating , for his father : "  Dad ! Help me . Help me . Help me , dad . " His voice gets softer and trails off . By the end of the video , he is lying in a pool of blood as the officers wonder out loud what to do next . One can be heard saying : "  We ran out of options so I got to the end of my Taser and I ... smashed his face to hell . " Thomas suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , rib fractures , and extensive bruising and abrasions , according to prosecutors . The Orange County coroner listed his manner of death as a homicide and said he died after having his chest compressed , leaving him unable to breathe . The FBI is investigating possible civil rights violations in his case . Six Fullerton officers , including Ramos and Cicinelli , were put on paid leave after his death . The case drew widespread attention to the police department of Fullerton , located about 25 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles .	Kelly Thomas , the 37-year old homeless man , died days after his arrest Two Fullerton , California , police officers face charges One tells Thomas : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up . "
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government reports a 9 % increase in motor vehicle traffic fatalities for the first half of 2012 , the largest jump during the first six months of any previous year since data was first collected in 1975 . A statistical projection from January through June estimates 16,290 people died in vehicular crashes this year , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . The previous highest increase during the first half of the year was 6.4 % in 1979 . In releasing the report , the administration said , "  While it is too soon to speculate on the contributing factors or potential implications of any increase on our roadways , it should be noted that the historic downward trend in traffic fatalities in the past several years ... means any comparison will be to an unprecedented low baseline figure . " The government pointed out fatalities during the first half of the year have declined by about 27 % from the recent high in 2006  20,500 fatalities  to the first half of 2011  14,950 fatalities . The American Automobile Association called this year 's numbers "  alarming . " "  This news is very disturbing , " Lon Anderson , spokesman for AAA Mid-Atlantic , said in a statement . "  We have worked decades to reduce fatalities in America ... but this is a serious shot across the bow , a warning that as we drive more , our roads may not be as safe as we thought they were . " Anderson cites an improved economy with more cars , trucks and traffic on the roads as one explanation for the rise . "  Another likely contributing factor to these fatalities is the continued deterioration of highways and deferral of needed maintenance and improvements by federal and state governments , " he said . Data from the Federal Highway Administration showed vehicle miles traveled in the first six months of 2012 increased by 15.6 billion miles , a 1.1 % increase from 2011 .	Spike is the highest since record keeping began in 1975 Previous highest increase during the first half of the year was 6.4 % in 1979 American Automobile Association called this year 's numbers "  alarming " Deterioration of highways may be a contributing factor
InStyle.com  -- What was your favorite trend of 2010 ? Did you slip into a slim-fitting pair of tailored trousers , like Drew Barrymore ? Did you pair your coziest socks with your sexiest heels , like Leighton Meester ? Or maybe you took your short shorts from the gym to the office , like Gwyneth Paltrow . We 've scoured the red carpets to round up the best fads of the year . Click through our gallery to see which celebrities jumped on the trend wagon -- and which styles you were savvy enough to rock yourself ! Evening shorts Shorts are finally getting respect outside the park -- at the office , at dinner , and even on the red carpet , seen on the likes of Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Connelly . Flaunt it if you 've got it , ladies ! Silly Bandz Grade-schoolers started the fad , but now stars like Sarah Jessica Parker , Mary-Kate Olsen , and Kelly Ripa sport 'em . Stacked on a wrist , Silly Bandz look like the usual rubber circlets you wrap around a ponytail . Slip 'em off , though , and a menagerie appears . See all the top celebrity fashion trends of 2010 Socks and heels Be careful whose style you mock . Nerds could be harbingers of future fashion . Remember snickering at those who wore sandals with athletic hose , or short boots with rolled-down stockings ? Better put a sock in it now , or rather you may wind up putting one on with your stacked heel like Leighton Meester . Mixed prints It 's tricky and potentially disastrous , but when the right patterns go with the correct proportion , the results are electrifying . See : Olivia Palermo . InStyle.com : How to shop like a fashion editor Ladylike dresses Bye , bye boyfriend blazer ! Stars like Carey Mulligan embraced full-skirts and cinched waists -- not slouchy , super-sized menswear . Jeggings There 's no equivocating about this option . Jeggings -- jeans that fit as close as leggings -- is a contraction that provokes either relishing or recoiling . Everyone in Hollywood from Sienna Miller to Lauren Conrad has been seen sporting the look . Is the next wave paint-on denim ? InStyle.com : Find your most flattering jeans Tailored trousers Remember real pants ? Not leggings , harems , dhotis , skinnies , cargos , boot-cuts or overalls , but tailored , comfortable , great-to-stride-in trousers ? Drew Barrymore did -- and she looks wonderfully pulled together in them ! Buy now and hoard them in case they vanish again . Minimalism Celebrities like Zoe Saldana said goodbye to the avant-garde , instead favoring clean lines and refined tones . InStyle.com : More celebrity fashion finds Layered chains Multiple chains , as seen on Molly Sims , are a subtle evolution from the statement necklace . They offer more variety while providing the same impact . Faux-fur vest Minx or fox , they 're not : Faux-fur vests like Kim Kardashian 's are animal - and closet-friendly -- they 're suitable toppers for almost anything . See more of 2010 's top celebrity fashion trends , only on InStyle.com ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Stars like Sarah Jessica Parker , Mary-Kate Olsen and Kelly Ripa wear Silly Bandz Zoe Saldana said goodbye to the avant-garde , instead favoring clean lines and refined tones Faux-fur vests like Kim Kardashian 's are animal - and closet-friendly
London  CNN  -- "  You know , Bernie  Ecclestone  is a good friend of mine and I have tried to persuade him that India has a market that should not be ignored . I would be very , very disappointed if India fell into the category of being in the F1 calendar and then being permanently out of the calendar . " So says Dr. Vijay Mallya -- wealthy industrialist , parliamentarian , Force India co-owner , force of nature and motorsport nut -- from the comfort of an antique chair in the office of his plush Regent 's Park , London residence . The 57-year-old has always gone about business in his own way . Dubbed the "  King of Good Times " for the playboy style of his younger days and his ownership of Kingfisher breweries , it is maybe fitting that one of the subcontinent 's most powerful men  Forbes suggests he has a personal wealth of $ 800 million  dresses in what seem to be pajama bottoms and a polo shirt for CNN 's visit to his stately and opulent home . Interactive : Inside the Indian Grand Prix His clothing style might be eclectic and his style relaxed , but his passion for F1 in India is resolute . "  From what I understand , we are going to give 2014 a skip because of scheduling issues -- there are three new grands prix scheduled next year -- and I am hoping that we will be back with an Indian GP in 2015 , " Mallya states between draws on his cigarillo . "  It 's large -- yes , India has its problems and some frustrations that go with it ... but the market is just too big and far too important for F1 to ignore . " It 's the kind of demographic that makes taking Formula One to emerging markets and away from its traditional European heartland -- a bold and controversial policy of the sport 's ever-entrepreneurial supremo Bernie Ecclestone -- seem like a logical step . There have been perceived successes , such as the night race of Singapore , Austin 's bridgehead to the American market and the purpose-built Yaz Marina venue that showcases Abu Dhabi . But this has come at the expense of others . Interactive : How does an F1 steering wheel work ? Fans of the French , Turkish and South African Grands Prix  to mention a few  fear that the road to reinstate their races to the F1 calendar , after they made way for the newcomers , remains as long and challenging as Shanghai 's back straight on blistered tires . Put simply : if you 're dropped from the schedule it 's hard to bounce back . Which might explain anxieties being felt at the Buddh International Circuit ahead of this weekend 's race in Greater Noida , near New Delhi . It has been shelved for 2014 due to Ecclestone 's desire to move its place to March because of increasing costs due to rupee depreciation and tax issues faced by the teams . The race organizers were unable to stage two races within five months to accommodate Ecclestone 's wishes . Vicky Chandhok , president of the Federation of Motor Sport Clubs of India , this week told British newspaper The Guardian he feared the race may never return despite promises to the contrary for 2015 . Mallya remains bullish but admits there may be need of a new approach from the state to secure the event 's future . "  F1 needs India because of the economic opportunities in the country going forward , given its size and scale . But you know , the Delhi Grand Prix is actually staged by the track owners , " he says . "  There is no government involvement -- the government only gives the necessary permissions and government does n't have any financial exposure whatsoever to the F1 event . "  I wish that the government would actually force some support to F1 -- it 's good for tourism , it 's good for the country 's image , and other governments across the world believe in it , and I hope the Indian government will one day believe in it . " Critics argue that F1 faces stiff competition for the attention of sport fans in India , with the cost of tickets being out of reach for the bulk of the population -- and with cricket , hockey and the English Premier League laying claims to the hearts of the population 's affinities . A fear some argued was borne out when attendance at the 2012 race dropped from over 90,000 in its first year to around 65,000 in its second . But Mallya , whose love of motorsport started when racing single-seaters in the 1970s and moved to F1 with sponsorship of the Benetton team in 1995 , feels there is good reason to be hopeful . "  India is a very prosperous country in the overall sense . It also has its fair share of challenges , a lot of underprivileged people in poverty and so on . So , it has to be viewed in that context , " he says . "  Over the last 20 years , while I have always dreamed of hosting an F1 race or participating in an F1 race , economically it seemed like Mount Everest -- a challenge that many times was sort of insurmountable . "  And so when the grand prix group actually invested in the new track in Noida , outside Delhi , and F1 in India became reality , I mean , it was almost miraculous , it was like a lifelong dream come true . "  There is no drought of potential fans . You know , we have more than 500 million young Indians below the age of 18 , and that 's a lot . Cricket is number one in India and has been there for decades . So , one should n't try to change that at all . "  But you know , modern racing ... is glamorous , it 's exciting and that is attractive enough . Yes , football is popular in India , but only in five states , it 's not a pan-Indian game . Hockey is our national sport , but sadly over the years it sort of lost its mass popularity . "  So yes , I mean , there are hundreds of millions of Indians who are there and are potential fans for each sport . There 's space enough for everyone . " The ambition to act as a catalyst for F1 fanaticism in India has become a personal crusade for Mallya . When he bought the Spyker team in 2007 he renamed it "  Force India " and made its colors orange , white and green to evoke national pride rather than promote the brands he owns , as with Red Bull Racing for example . He 'd also cite the money he 's plowed into the Force India Drivers ' Academy , which has unearthed the Indian driver Jehan Daruvala , on whom many hopes are being pinned for the future . But Mallya -- a man whose yacht dwarfs all others in harbor of Monaco come GP time -- knows nothing inspires like victory . In this regard , he knows his team is still battling the odds this weekend : "  We came very close to a few podiums in 2013 , for some reason it did n't happen . I would be absolutely over the moon if we got a podium this year before the season ended ! " Force India 's drivers , Adrian Sutil and Paul di Resta , will also be hoping for a good result -- so Mallya is inclined to delve into his wallet to renew their contracts for next year .	Businessman Vijay Mallya is living his dream as a Formula One team boss Force India co-owner hopes his home country will continue to host the sport India race is off 2014 calendar but is expected to return the following year Mallya says India has hundreds of millions of potential F1 fans
Casey Kasem 's children are being prevented from visiting their ailing father , his daughter Kerri told CNN . Casey Kasem , known for his years hosting the countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " is suffering from Parkinson 's disease . He 's 81 and retired from his radio hosting in 2009 . According to Kerri Kasem , about three months ago , her stepmother , Jean Kasem , suddenly barred her sister , her uncle and some of Kasem 's friends from seeing him . She 's perplexed by the decision . "  I do n't get it , I do n't understand it , " Kerri Kasem , who co-hosts the radio show "  Sixx Sense " with Motley Crue 's Nikki Sixx , told CNN . "  He has Parkinson 's and all the research we 've done indicates socialization would help him . " CNN has reached out in an attempt to get a statement from Jean Kasem , but has so far been unsuccessful . Los Angeles TV station KABC reported that Kerri Kasem and other members of the family held a protest at Kasem 's Holmby Hills house on Tuesday . "  He ca n't really speak , but he knows we 're there , " she told the station . "  And last time we saw him , he could shuffle a little bit . He had a hard , very hard , time walking . He was just deteriorating due to Parkinson 's disease . " "  We fear that he 's been isolated and neglected , and so that 's why we stand here today , " said Gonzalo Venecia , Casey 's former personal assistant . Asked about accusations that her family was trying to become beneficiaries of Kasem 's will , Kerri Kasem told CNN that was n't the case . "  My dad told us a long time ago we were not in the will , and we 're OK with that . We 've known that for years , " she said . "  I 've never asked him for anything , nor have I asked Jean for anything . " Don Pitts , Kasem 's agent of more than 35 years , said he did not want to take sides in the argument , but he did say Casey is still of sound mind at age 81 . "  He has Parkinson 's , has it very bad . It took his speech , and for somebody who made millions of dollars using his voice -- for him to lose that gift , that beautiful instrument -- it must be frustrating . But he 's handling it very well , " Pitts said . "  His mind is very sharp , his brain works well . You can tell in his eyes he understands everything you 're saying . He just has trouble translating it from the brain to his vocal cords . " Besides the famed countdown shows , Casey Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . The kings of the radio : All-time great DJs	Casey Kasem 's longtime manager said the star is still of sound mind Kasem 's children not being allowed to see father , says his daughter Kerri Kasem , 81 , is suffering from Parkinson 's disease Popular radio host best known as the voice behind "  American Top 40 "
Hong Kong  CNN  The stunning photo shows a shimmering blue shoreline with the bright lights of Hong Kong in the distance . The fluorescent blue glow is natural lighting powered by an algae bloom of Noctiluca scintillans , commonly known as "  Sea Sparkle . " The non-toxic phytoplankton is not considered harmful and is relatively common in Hong Kong . What is uncommon is capturing its iridescent glow on camera , which only appears when the water is disturbed . Local photographer Lit Wai Kwong also took an image of the phenomena at Tai Po in Hong Kong 's New Territories . "  You can see the blue light if there is a wave , a boat moving , or a stone thrown in the water , " said Kwong , who used a 30-second exposure to get the shot . "  There was no blue light when the water was calm , therefore many people threw stones into the water in order to see it . " Despite its blue hue , the phenomena is referred to as a red tide and , according to a Hong Kong government website that keeps track of sightings , several have been reported so far this year . Michelle Cheung from the city 's Eco-education & Resources Center said the bloom was caused by high pollution in Tolo Harbour , which was exacerbated by the slow flow of currents . She said nutrient levels are typically high in the region , due to restaurant waste and sewage running direct from village houses into the sea . Cheung added that the algae can be deadly because it deprives the water of oxygen , though the government has not recorded any evidence of fish kills . "  Hong Kong and the entire Pearl River Delta has a big problem with wastewater , and that is surely a factor with these plankton blooms , " said David Baker from the Swire Institute of Marine Science at the University of Hong Kong . He said , by itself , Noctiluca scintillans does n't represent a threat to human or environmental health , but the huge bloom does represent an ecosystem that 's "  out of balance . " "  I guess the analogy is they 're like locusts that feed on agricultural crops . And once they find a good abundant food source they will multiply until the food source is exhausted . In Hong Kong unfortunately most of the nutrients are coming from our own sewage . " The damage done to the environment does n't just happen when oxygen is depleted during the algae 's short lifetime . When the blooms die , they sink to the bottom of the sea when they decompose , consuming huge amounts of oxygen . "  That 's when we have the formation of these dead zones , where anything that 's living , any fish or crab species living on the bottom , is at risk of dying from the low oxygen associated with that decomposition , " Baker said . Hong Kong has a number of zones that suffer from persistently low levels of oxygen , which "  increase in their severity and their scope whenever we have these algal blooms , " he added .	Image shows striking blue algae bloom near Hong Kong shoreline Commonly known as "  Sea Sparkle , " the algae is not in itself considered harmful However , algae bloom is a sign of a troubled ecosystem , marine experts say
CNN  -- A man accused of making threatening statements about killing President Obama has been arrested in Nevada , the Secret Service said Saturday . Daniel James Murray was arrested Friday night in the parking lot of the Riverside Resort Hotel and Casino in Laughlin , Nevada , said Secret Service spokesman Malcolm Wiley . Murray recently withdrew $ 85,000 from a bank in St. George , Utah , in two separate visits and told a teller , "  We are on a mission to kill the president of the United States , " according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Utah . According to the complaint , Murray opened an account at Zions First National Bank on May 19 with an $ 85,000 check . "  With all this mess going on under President Obama with banks and the economy , I 'm sure if citizens happen to lose their money , they will rise up and we could see killing and deaths , " he said , according to the complaint . On May 27 , he returned to the bank and tried to withdraw $ 12,000 , but lacked proper identification . "  Not to be disrespectful , but if I do n't get this money , someone is going to die , " Murray said , according to the complaint . A bank manager was summoned and Murray was allowed to withdraw the money without proper identification . Murray would not accept a check and demanded bills no larger than $ 50 , the complaint says . "  We are 94 million miles from the sun , and are in-between the sun and moon , and the eagle that flies between them and it 's a giant step for mankind . ... I have traveled thousands of miles to be here and know things that are going to happen . ... the banking system will fail and people will die . ... there will be chaos in the world , " Murray said , according to the complaint . He then made his threat against the president , the complaint says . The next day , Murray returned to the bank , withdrew the rest of his money and closed the account , a bank teller told authorities . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Secret Service : Arrested man is accused of threatening to kill president Daniel James Murray was arrested in casino parking lot in Laughlin , Nevada Complaint : He told bank teller in Utah , "  We are on a mission to kill the president "
Hong Kong is in the midst of a passionate debate about our constitutional development . It 's a debate we must have . But it 's a debate that must be tempered with reason . Raw emotion -- for or against the proposed political reform -- will get us nowhere . It must also be a discussion based on the constitutional framework that provides for a Hong Kong Special Administrative Region  HKSAR  within China . Much discussion has centered around the recent decision of the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress  NPCSC  of China on the parameters for electing the chief executive  CE  by one-person , one-vote in 2017 . Critics say the nominating framework is too restrictive and that only candidates favored by Beijing will eventually appear on the ballot . Such claims are unfounded as we have not even started to discuss the detailed but crucial aspects of the nominating process for potential chief executive candidates . This will be the subject of a public consultation to be launched soon and which will eventually lead to the enabling legislation on changes to the electoral method for the 2017 election . Election method On the question of electing the chief executive , the Basic Law , Hong Kong 's "  mini-constitution , " provides that "  the ultimate aim is the selection of the chief executive by universal suffrage upon nomination by a broadly representative nominating committee in accordance with democratic procedures . " To change over to this new election method , the Basic Law requires the endorsement of a two-thirds majority of all  currently 70  members of the Legislative Council , the consent of the CE , and be reported to the NPCSC of China for approval . Basically , we have two choices : retain the current system by which the CE is elected by a 1,200-person election committee ; or , adopt an enhanced system , the one recently announced by the NPCSC , that will see two to three candidates in a full-fledged election at which Hong Kong 's five million eligible voters will exercise this right for the first time . Historic step I sincerely hope that legislators will take the historic step forward to achieve universal suffrage for the election in 2017 as scheduled . So far the debate has focused on the system per se . But the chief executive 's unique constitutional position within China also needs to be understood more clearly in order to fully appreciate the basis for the electoral process . Unlike other cities or provinces in China , or for that matter , those in other countries , the HKSAR enjoys a far higher degree of autonomy in many areas including our legal system , legislature , internal security , immigration , customs , economy , finances , trade , industry , commerce , shipping , aviation , education , sport , religion and external affairs . All these are enshrined in our Basic Law . These additional powers are devolved from the Central People 's Government . This is why the central government has the power to appoint the chief executive as well as principal officials . This is also why the central government has a constitutional role in approving any changes to the electoral method for the chief executive . Hong Kong is society with a deep respect for the rule of law . It is the pillar of our success . Our common law system and an independent judiciary are protected by the Basic Law which I , as the chief executive , have pledged to uphold and protect . It is my fundamental and constitutional duty to work towards the goal of electing the chief executive by universal suffrage within that legal framework .	Hong Kong is in the midst of a passionate debate about its constitutional development City should seize chance to have "  full-fledged election " for first time , Hong Kong 's leader writes Critics says framework will allow only candidates favored by Beijing Such claims are unfounded as details are not finalized , C.Y. Leung adds
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The largest agency in the fight against worldwide hunger is increasing its efforts to assist millions of people affected by famine and drought in the Horn of Africa . On Tuesday , the World Food Programme began a series of nine airlifts to Mombasa , Kenya , according to a statement from the WFP . The total deliveries will bring enough "  high-energy biscuits , " to feed 1.6 million people for a day . On Monday evening , a cargo aircraft landed in Nairobi with , "  Plumpy Sup , " a high nutrient substance designed to feed malnourished children under age five , according to WFP officials . Over the next two months , the agency is working to deliver a "  super cereal to Somalia , " the WFP statement said . The corn and soya-based blended food is fortified with essential micro-nutrients , dried milk powder , sugar and fat that is used for moderately malnourished children from six to 23 months . About 100,000 Somalis have flocked to Mogadishu in search of food and potable water , which have disappeared in a devastating famine and drought , according to the U.N. . They join more than 370,000 internal refugees already in the capital in war-torn southern Somalia , many of whom also face hunger . Online donations to the organization have surpassed $ 3 million , according to the WFP statement , but the financial goal for efforts to help refugees in the Horn of Africa remains $ 250 million short of current needs . The agency is working to deliver at least 14,000 metric tons  more than 15,000 U.S. tons  of energy and nutrient rich resources to help feed starving refugees in region . The U.N. declared famine in five areas of southern Somalia in June , including Mogadishu . In all , about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance . Somalia is the worst hit . Each year , according the WFP , the agency feeds more than 90 million people in more than 70 countries .	The World Food Programme quickens aid delivery to starving refugees in African region A series of flights begun Tuesday is expected to feed 1.6 million people for a day The agency is sending substances high in energy and nutrients to malnourished children The WFP feeds more than 90 million people in 70 countries
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Veteran actor Karl Malden , who won an Academy Award for his role in "  A Streetcar Named Desire , " has died at age 97 , his manager said Wednesday . Karl Malden in "  The Streets of San Francisco " in 1974 . Malden was nominated for four Emmys for the series . Malden died in his sleep about 2:30 a.m. Wednesday , said his manager , Bud Ross . Malden appeared alongside Marlon Brando in two of director Elia Kazan 's classic films of the 1950s -- "  A Streetcar Named Desire " and "  On the Waterfront . " He won the best supporting actor Oscar for "  Streetcar , " which was released in 1951 , in 1952 and was nominated for his role as a priest crusading against crooked union bosses in "  On the Waterfront . " Ross said he did not know the cause of death . "  It could be a combination of things , " Ross said . "  He was 97 years old . " Born Mladen George Sekulovich in Gary , Indiana , the bulb-nosed actor made his New York stage debut in 1938 and first appeared in films in the 1940 melodrama "  They Knew What They Wanted . " After serving in the Army Air Corps in World War II , he made his mark in the New York production of "  Streetcar , " by Tennessee Williams . Watch Malden talk about why he got into acting " Malden also did extensive work in television , starring with Michael Douglas in the police drama "  The Streets of San Francisco " from 1972-77 . He was nominated four times for Emmys for the show , and won a supporting-actor Emmy for his part in the miniseries adaptation of the true-crime bestseller "  Fatal Vision " in 1985 . His other well-known screen roles include his performances in "  Patton , " in which he played World War II Gen. Omar Bradley alongside George C. Scott 's title character ; the steamy "  Baby Doll , " another Elia Kazan-Tennessee Williams collaboration ; and "  Gypsy . " Malden was also famous for a series of television ads for the American Express card , in which he advised viewers , "  Do n't leave home without it . " Watch Malden talk why he took such diverse roles " A memorial service is expected to be held within the next three to four weeks , Ross said . Malden was the president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1989 to 1992 . The Academy is best known for its annual awards , the Oscars . Malden 's "  Streetcar " Oscar had its own mini-drama . In 1985 , he sent it to the manufacturer in Chicago for replating . But he discovered the award sent back to him was a fake in 2006 , when the original appeared for sale on eBay . The Academy sued the sellers , Randy and Matt Mariani , who eventually returned the award . In 2004 , he received the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award . Malden was born on March 22 , 1912 , and grew up in Gary . He broke his nose twice playing football in high school , where his athleticism won him a scholarship to Arkansas State Teacher 's College in Conway . After being forbidden by his basketball coach to appear in a school play , Malden left college and began playing semi-pro basketball . He later worked in the steel mills of Gary to save money for drama school . When his acting career began , Malden took his grandfather 's first name and rearranged the spelling of his own first name to make his professional last name . He said he changed his name , "  to fit theater marquees . " One of Malden 's last acting roles was in 2000 , according to IMDB.com . He played a priest in an episode of "  The West Wing . "	Malden won Oscar for role in "  A Streetcar Named Desire " He also starred with Marlon Brando in "  On the Waterfront " On TV , he co-starred with Michael Douglas in "  The Streets of San Francisco "
CNN  -- A blitz of attacks across Afghanistan led to the deaths of 52 armed Taliban members in the past day , the Ministry of Interior said Wednesday . The operations were carried out by Afghanistan 's national police , army , National Directorate of Security and NATO-led coalition forces , the ministry said . An additional 45 Taliban members were wounded and 21 others arrested . Authorities also confiscated ammunition and improvised explosive devices in the sweep , which spanned 10 provinces , the interior ministry said . On Tuesday , the Afghan government said 23 armed members of the Taliban were killed in the previous day . In southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said at least one of its members died Tuesday after suffering injuries in an insurgent attack this week .	An additional 45 Taliban members are wounded Officials say 21 others are arrested The operations involve national police , army and coalition forces
CNN  -- The birthday girl every Fourth of July is the Statue of Liberty , the image on party napkins , on parade floats and the backdrop for fireworks displays in New York Harbor . She is the ultimate American symbol , a gift from France to the United States , it is said , implying that she was a gift given government to government . The truth is , she could more correctly be called a gift from one artist to the world . In an era when we have given up the desire to astound each other simply to please or provoke wonder , this an important distinction . Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi dreamed up this colossus back in the late 1800s . A middle-tier statue maker , he took his plan to Egypt and pitched a colossal robed slave holding up a torch to stand at the mouth of the Suez Canal . When that deal failed , Bartholdi brushed off the design and brought it to America , all on his own dime . He went door to door , office to office , presenting the vision and meeting with rejection . But with the well wishes of a few staunch supporters , he kept driving onward , winning other commissions to pay the bills and building Liberty piece by piece in Paris , paying for each section as soon as he could drum up donations . He sought out all of his engineering collaborators on his own . He dreamed up entertainments to raise monies through ticket sales . And it was he who yanked the massive French flag from her face at her unveiling in 1886 . He threw himself into the arms of a friend and wept . Liberty remains . Bartholdi is essentially unknown . You say the name Bartholdi , and even savvy New Yorkers look blank . Bartholdi could foresee that future . When he visited Liberty just before leaving America that year , he acknowledged , "  She is going away from me . " He had lost the sense that she was his , a feeling he had possessed when climbing over her copper structure in Paris . She would be given to future generations . Bartholdi created one of the most powerful trademarks in history and is largely unknown . I suppose few people know the name Jim Schindler either , the man who designed McDonald 's Golden Arches -- and that was pretty powerful , too . But still it seems a bit amazing Bartholdi should go largely unrecognized for his work of art . We might not feel constantly awestruck that a work 305 feet tall -- taller than the ancient Colossus of Rhodes , whose legend lasted millennia -- mingles with us . But Liberty , barring emergency closures for events such as Superstorm Sandy , attracts about 3.8 million tourists a year . Every year , she flutters the hearts of people hiking to her head , as surely as she fluttered the hearts of immigrants arriving in the New World . Her power remains . She is an echo of an era when people sought to produce wonder and ecstasy in their fellow citizens purely for the sake of creating a fabulous artifact of human possibility , even if their personal fame might vanish before the work did . Astounding and delighting one another was the vogue . Eiffel made his tower , just after he designed the scaffold for Liberty 's interior . Thomas Edison proposed a colossal phonograph inside Liberty to make her "  talk . " Inventors brought their products of genius to kaleidoscopic World 's Fairs to enchant viewers as much as serve merchant interests . "  When I discover a subject grand enough , I will honor that subject by building the tallest statue in the world , " Bartholdi said in his 20s , 30 years before he unveiled his statue . It is hard to imagine anyone nowadays either demonstrating the patience to wait for an idea to strike or pursuing the goal of honoring a subject ... a concept . Ideas are now considered important only if they are flypaper for money , not precious , heaven-sent gifts . Good ones are catchy or addictive . Few people try to invent something that will make the consumer say , "  Look what humankind has achieved ! " Our popular entertainments titillate or intoxicate . I worry we have lost our sense of the importance of sharing our talents for the common good , partly because there is so much economic pressure put on the middle class , with stagnating wages and rising costs for housing , food and more . The middle class , in my historical research , seems the group from which big ideas have long sprung . And we compound the pressure by stealing the work of our inventors and artists , leaving them no means to actually survive . We weigh down our potential visionaries and inventors with college debt . When they begin to produce , say , music , we take it from them and pay fractions of pennies to listen to it , even as we pay stockbrokers at the lowest end $ 7 to $ 10 to make a trade . We underpay or do n't pay for a journalist 's writing . We require so little public art or decorative art that those artists of ours who do n't rise into the filament-thin clique of superstars only survive by working at many other jobs . Anyone not connected to a company is required to double pay Social Security taxes as well as burdensome health insurance premiums  even with Obamacare  . So there is no time for tinkering or deep pondering unless you work for Google or Tesla or SpaceX . Putting our geniuses under the corporate umbrella means we craft amazing inventions , but before we can gloat that mankind has achieved something great for mankind , we monetize the hell out of the invention , putting it out of reach for most or , in the case of , say , medical inventions actually turning those great discoveries into financial burdens Now I know that Bartholdi created his work for more than altruistic purposes . His ego fueled him . Showing his own anxiety , he got the Statue of Liberty copyrighted with the hope that he could earn income from the commercial use he knew was coming  he was savvy to what he considered the less appealing part of America  . When he could never collect , he groused at his financially tight existence . But because he had received cheerleading in his youth from his mother , who encouraged his pursuit of grander visions , he could at least rest easy that he got to see the work complete and knew it would survive him . Nowadays , if we love our kids , dare we encourage them to create something vast and important that might last centuries ? Unless their creation was a money magnet , encouraging such an undertaking would almost be like condemning them to potential extinction . In Bartholdi 's day , you could try something big and if it did n't work out , you would have your disappointment , but you could still pay the doctor in barter . You could suffer setbacks and failures and know that you would at least get by . It 's interesting to me that in my neighborhood in Brooklyn , the artist Kara Walker has installed a giant sugar Sphinx in an abandoned sugar factory that is soon to be turned into pricey condominiums . I 'm sure the real estate agents love it as a lure for those future condo sales . Regardless , the lines stretch down the block every day , every hour , for weeks now and visitors speak to reporters who ask about their intense emotional and intellectual reactions to this massive otherworldly sculpture . People flock to see this colossal Sphinx . They come because it 's a happening but they also come , I believe , because they are so starved for the work of a person trying to impress them and to amaze them without a corporate entity intervening to make a bundle on it . They wait on noisy Kent Avenue for a fleeting taste of this rarity , for a sign we might still have space for human invention ... that we can all share in what humanity can achieve .	Elizabeth Mitchell : Statue of Liberty birthday girl of July 4 ; few recall her creator Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi built Liberty , a labor of love , piece by piece with donations She says creating art just to reflect a concept , wow later generations a lost notion Mitchell : People starved for creations made just to amaze them , not to draw money
CNN  -- Supporters of a banker caught looking at photos of a semi-nude model on live TV have launched a Web site in a bid to save his job . David Kiely , who works for Sydney-based Macquarie Private Wealth , has become a Web sensation after he was filmed on Australian television admiring pictures on his computer screen of scantily-clad Miranda Kerr . Kiely was opening e-mailed pictures of Kerr while one of his colleagues , Martin Lakos , was being interviewed on Channel 7 news behind him on Tuesday . His employer has said it is investigating the actions of the client investment manager who , according to Australian media reports , is said to be on gardening leave . A Web site has now been set up calling for Kiely to be reinstated . An email petition , Here is the City , writes : "  Whether set up or not , Kiely was really only guilty of being in the wrong place at the wrong time . There but for the Grace of God . " It says Kiely "  seems like a nice bloke , the pictures were not hardcore and that he had already suffered enough . " It adds : "  There 's just too much political correctness in this world anyway . " A posting of the clip on YouTube had attracted more than 1.3 million hits by Thursday , along with thousands of comments , with many viewers arguing Kiely was unlucky to be caught on TV . "  He looks like a nice guy and I 'm sure he must be a goodÿþ analyst since he is working there , " said one YouTube viewer . "  I really feel for him -- if I was a top shot there , I wouldnt let him go . Listen we 've all made mistakes in our lives . He was caught on camera , also he was n't looking at something really dirty . " "  To be fair , he was simply browsing through his emails , and perhaps he simply opened it not realising what it was ? " another viewer wrote .	Banker caught looking at photos of semi-nude model on live TV Internet campaign launched in bid to save his job Employer says it is investigating actions of client investment manager Video of incident viewed more than 1.3 million times on YouTube
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took a short tour of Tahrir Square in the Egyptian capital on Wednesday . During the anti-government demonstrations that eventually led to the ouster of long-time Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , the square was a rallying spot for protesters who transformed it from a bustling urban center into a fortified campground . The walking tour lasted about 10 to 12 minutes , with crowds of people stopping her to shake her hand . She later met with Prime Minister Essam Sharaf . "  To see where this revolution happened and all that it has meant to the world is extraordinary for me , " Clinton said . "  It 's just a great reminder of the power of the human spirit and universial desire for human rights and democracy . It 's just thrilling to see where this happened . " On Tuesday , Clinton issued a strong statement of praise for Egypt 's political revolution , declaring she was "  deeply inspired " by the dramatic change and promising new assistance for America 's longtime Middle East ally . Clinton pledged $ 90 million in emergency economic assistance during a meeting in Cairo with Foreign Minister Nabil Al-Araby . She is the highest ranking U.S. official to visit Egypt since the overthrow of Mubarak . "  The United States will work to ensure that the economic gains Egypt has forged in recent years continue , and that all parts of Egyptian society benefit from these gains , " a State Department statement noted . While in the region , Clinton is also scheduled to visit neighboring Tunisia to express support for that country 's revolt .	NEW : The United States is pledging $ 90 million in emergency economic assistance Tahrir Square is home to the demonstrations that led to the ouster of long-time Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Clinton 's tour lasts less than 15 minutes
CNN  -- Authorities in Azerbaijan have arrested 22 people they say were spying for Iran and plotting attacks on Israeli and Western targets , the government announced Wednesday . A statement from the central Asian nation 's national security ministry said the group stands accused of spying , treason and "  other grave crimes . " It did not indicate when the arrests were made . The spy ring dates back to 1999 and had been supplied with money , military training and weapons , the statement said . Under the instruction of Iranian handlers , its members "  were spying , collecting and delivering information to use against the national security of the Republic of Azerbaijan , " the statement said . In addition , it said , they were seeking new recruits . The Iranians started by recruiting Karimov Niyazi Alovsat while he was on a visit to Tehran in 1999 , the statement said . He was promised large sums of money to find others who would carry out sabotage and terror attacks "  against the embassies , representations and organizations of the U.S. , Israel and the Western countries in Baku , " Azerbaijan 's capital , the ministry said . He and other suspects attended military training camps in Iran , where they mastered weapons and explosives skills , the statement said . They also gathered information in Azerbaijan about potential targets . Firearms , ammunition and explosives were found when properties connected to the suspects were searched , the ministry said . No group or individuals linked to Iran have ever carried out an attack against U.S. , Western or Israeli targets in Azerbaijan , an oil-rich nation that lies on the Caspian Sea . Relations between Azerbaijan and Iran , which share a border , have grown increasingly rocky since the government in Baku started building relations with the United States and Israel , supporting sanctions against Iran , and supporting the many Iranian Azeris ' calls for an independent state . Many in Iran are of the view that the Azerbaijan government is in the pocket of the U.S. government because of the economic aid and military support it receives from Washington . And Wednesday 's arrests of suspects with reported ties to Iran are not the first in Azerbaijan . Baku announced last month that a number of people had been arrested in connection with an alleged Iranian-organized plot against foreign citizens . The National Security Ministry said the plotters had acquired weapons and explosives . And in January , Azeri authorities arrested two local people allegedly plotting an attack on the Israeli ambassador and a rabbi in the country 's small Jewish community . It said they , too , had worked with a criminal figure who had links to Iranian intelligence . In turn , Iran has furiously accused Azerbaijan of allowing the Mossad , Israel 's intelligence agency , to launch terrorist operations across the border . Israeli and Western counterterrorism officials believe that elements within the Iranian regime most likely sponsored the plots in Azerbaijan , looking for revenge after the killing of several Iranian nuclear scientists . Iran has strenuously denied involvement , accusing Israel and the United States of trying to provoke conflict . Azeri Defense Minister Safar Abiyev pledged Tuesday in Tehran not to allow other nations to use Azerbaijan 's territory to launch attacks on other countries , particularly Iran , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . His comments followed a warning from Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi last month against aiding Israel in such attacks , the news agency reported . CNN 's Igor Krotov , Mitra Mobasherat and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Iran has rejected previous claims by Azerbaijan of involvement in plots on its soil The spy ring was supplied with military training and weapons , Azerbaijani officials say Its members were recruited by Iranian special agents , the national security ministry says The spy ring was allegedly plotting attacks on Israeli and Western targets in Azerbaijan
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- President Obama accepted the Nobel Peace Prize Thursday by talking about war and the limits of non-violence . But he also praised the peacemakers of the past , and said the world can and should still strive for peace . "  Let us reach for the world that ought to be , " he told the 1,000-member audience at Oslo City Hall . "  Clear-eyed , we can understand that there will be war , and still strive for peace . " The Nobel committee 's choice of Obama as this year 's laureate sparked controversy , in part because he is a president waging two wars abroad . Obama said force is sometimes necessary , but said that is simply "  a recognition of history , the imperfections of man , and the limits of reason . " Read a transcript of Obama 's acceptance speech "  Whatever mistakes we have made , the plain fact is this : The United States of America has helped underwrite global security for more than six decades with the blood of our citizens and the strength of our arms , " he said . "  The service of our men and women in uniform has promoted peace and prosperity from Germany to Korea , and enabled democracy to take hold in places like the Balkans . " Waging war is not a way of imposing the will of the United States on the world , he said , but a way of seeking a better future for its people . "  The instruments of war do have a role to play in preserving the peace , " he said . Preserving the peace in Oslo Thursday came with a price -- $ 60 million worth of security preparations . Norwegian police said they had more than 2,000 officers on the streets , along with snipers , canine patrols , and helicopters in the air , in the biggest security operation they have ever mounted for a single person . Force can be justified on humanitarian grounds , Obama said , because inaction can tear at the world 's conscience and lead to more costly intervention later . But peace can be justified too , he said , and he outlined three ways to build a just and lasting peace in the world . First , Obama suggested the world find a better way to deal with nations like Iran and North Korea that break or ignore rules and laws . "  If we want a lasting peace , then the words of the international community must mean something , " he said . "  Those regimes that break the rules must be held accountable . Sanctions must exact a real price . " What did you think of Obama 's speech ? There should be consequences for countries that "  game the system , " Obama said -- and that may sometimes mean engagement . But peace , Obama said , "  is not merely the absence of visible conflict . " He said the world needs to seek a just peace based on inherent human rights . Obama praised pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi in Myanmar , Zimbabweans who voted despite election violence , and pro-democracy protesters in Iran . "  It is telling that the leaders of these governments fear the aspirations of their own people more than the power of any nation , " Obama said . Obama also defended engagement with such repressive regimes , mentioning President Nixon 's trip to China in the 1970s , Pope John Paul II 's trip to Poland , and President Reagan 's efforts on arms control and talks with the Soviet Union . "  There is no simple formula here , " he said . "  But we must try as best we can to balance isolation and engagement , pressure and incentives , so that human rights and dignity are advanced over time . " His third point was that peace should be based not only on rights , but also on economic security and opportunity . "  True peace is not just freedom from fear , but freedom from want , " he said . Development rarely happens without security , and security does not exist in places where people do n't have enough food , water , or medicine , he said , adding that it also does n't exist if people ca n't aspire to decent education or employment . "  The absence of hope can rot a society from within , " he said . Another controversial aspect to Obama 's selection was the question of what he had done to deserve the prize . He had been in office for only days when he was nominated , and the prize recognizes his work toward peace for most of 2008 , largely when he was still a presidential candidate . Some of the protesters outside the awards venue questioned whether Obama should have received the Nobel Prize in the first place , with one sign reading , "  Obama : You won it . Now earn it ! " Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg , who joined Obama at a news conference earlier in the day , said the prize was deserved because Obama has provided leadership on key issues facing the world like disarmament , nuclear nonproliferation , and fighting global warming . "  I can not think about anyone else who has done more for peace during the last year than Barack Obama , " Stoltenberg said . "  It is a well-deserved peace prize and hopefully it is really in the best spirit of Alfred Nobel , because it can contribute in itself to strengthening the efforts of the president to work for peace . " Thorbjorn Jagland , chairman of the Nobel prize committee , also said Obama deserved the award . Echoing the title of one of the president 's books , Jagland said , "  Obama has the audacity of hope and the tenacity to make these hopes come true . " Obama , who earlier in the day said he had "  no doubt " that others were more deserving of the award , acknowledged those questions early in his acceptance speech . "  I am at the beginning , and not the end , of my labors on the world stage , " he said . "  My accomplishments are slight . " He said he accepted the prize with "  great humility . "	NEW : Protesters demonstrate outside venue ; Norway spent $ 60 million on security "  Instruments of war do have a role to play in preserving the peace , " Obama says President Obama receives peace prize during ceremony in Oslo , Norway Obama acknowledges others may have been more deserving
CNN  -- Soupy Sales , a comedian from the golden era of television , died Thursday . He was 83 . Soupy Sales entertained generations of Americans with his off-the-cuff , wacky antics . He was 83 . The funny man seen many times on popular game shows died at a New York hospice , said Paul Dver , Sales ' longtime friend and manager . "  We have lost a comedy American icon , " Dver said . "  I feel the personal loss , and I also feel the magic that he had around him being gone . That 's a much more severe loss than a loss of a friend . " Sales was known for his long-running children 's show "  Lunch With Soupy Sales , " which started in 1953 and began his trademark slapstick pie-throwing antics . The comedy show featured skits that culminated in Sales getting walloped with pies in the face . What are your memories of Sales ? "  Soupy was the last of the great TV comics when you talk about Ernie Kovacs , Red Skelton , right down to Howdy Doody , " Dver said . "  But it was bigger than that , because he used a children 's format aimed at the kids and then he would forget he was doing a kids ' show and do a wild , unrehearsed , wacky improv for a half-hour every day for 15 years . " He could also inflame the authorities . One New Year 's Day , upset at being asked to work , he asked his youthful audience to send him those "  green pieces of paper " from their parents ' wallets . Though he did n't receive much -- he told The New York Times he received only a few dollars -- he was suspended for a week for the prank . Later in his career , he was a regular on TV game shows , such as "  Hollywood Squares , " "  To Tell the Truth " and "  What 's My Line ? " Sales recently fell backstage at a local Emmy awards show in New York and developed serious ailments after that , Dver said . CNN 's Lee Garen contributed to this report .	"  We have lost a comedy American icon , " says comedian 's friend and manager He was known for his long-running children 's show "  Lunch With Soupy Sales " Fans of the show anticipated his trademark pie-in-face gag Sales also seen on "  To Tell the Truth " and "  What 's My Line ? "
CNN  -- Your email is subject to U.S. government snooping even if it is stored in computer servers outside the United States , a federal judge ruled Thursday in a potentially landmark case governing privacy and the limits of government surveillance powers . Ruling from the bench in New York , U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska ruled that Microsoft Corp. has to comply with a U.S. law enforcement search warrant demanding a customer 's emails stored on computer servers in Ireland . Microsoft , in an unusual move , had challenged the government 's search warrant , saying it violated constitutional privacy protections and that U.S. warrants only were valid in the United States . The company immediately said it would appeal the ruling . The dispute is part of a larger debate over government surveillance spurred on by the disclosures of former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden , who leaked classified documents detailing the NSA 's programs with broad reach into the private information and communications of people around the world , including those of Americans . Tech firms complain U.S. technology companies long have quietly complied with government surveillance requests , in part because the U.S. law largely prohibits companies from revealing surveillance orders . But following the Snowden disclosures , tech giants including Yahoo , Microsoft and Google have sought to distance themselves from the government 's surveillance apparatus . The issue has implications for the U.S. economy and the tech business . Companies have said that they could face the loss of business from customers around the world because of the fear that they ca n't protect customer privacy as well as non-U.S. competitors . Earlier this year , Brazilian legislators sought to require all telecom and email providers store Brazilian customer data in Brazil , in a bid to protect consumer privacy . The provision did n't make into the Brazilian on-line privacy bill signed into law . Brad Smith , Microsoft 's general counsel , argued in a Wall Street Journal opinion article this week , "  In our view , that the U.S. government can obtain emails only subject to the full legal protections of the Constitution 's Fourth Amendment . It means , in this case , that the U.S. government must have a warrant . But under well-established case law , a search warrant can not reach beyond U.S. shores . " Test case on privacy The government sought the emails in a narcotics investigation , Microsoft said . Under U.S. law , the emails stored in a so-called cloud server are business records subject to federal law enforcement warrants no matter where they are stored . Microsoft , with the backing of Internet consumer privacy groups and other tech companies , including Apple , sought to use the case as a warning to U.S. consumers that their emails could become the subject of snooping by foreign governments . "  It 's hard to believe that the American people will blithely accept that foreign governments can obtain their emails stored in U.S. data centers without letting them know or notifying the U.S. government , " Smith said in his opinion article . "  Yet the U.S. government is taking precisely this position toward emails stored in Microsoft 's data center in Ireland . " Chinese raid In court on Thursday , a Microsoft attorney noted that just this week Chinese authorities raided a Microsoft office and sought access to company data stored outside China , including in the United States . Government lawyers said the issue was a diplomatic one , and was n't relevant to the case at hand .	Federal ruling is a potential landmark on privacy and government surveillance Microsoft must now comply with a search warrant demanding emails stored in Ireland The tech giant challenged the warrant , saying it violated privacy protections . It will appeal The case grew out of issues from NSA surveillance secrets disclosed by Edward Snowden
CNN  -- Websites affiliated with the CIA , Mexico 's mining ministry and the state of Alabama were down Friday , allegedly done in by hackers , government officials and a well-known hacking group reported . A message Friday on a Twitter page and Tumblr feed affiliated with the hacking group known as Anonymous celebrated that the Central Intelligence Agency 's website had been taken down . The posting read : "  CIA TANGO DOWN : https://www.cia.gov/ #Anonymous . " A later one pointed to a news story indicating " #Anonymous hackers hit CIA , U.N. , Mexico websites . " Numerous outside reports indicated the CIA 's website was down , and CNN 's attempts from late Friday afternoon into the evening to get onto the site failed . Asked about the outage , CIA spokeswoman Jennifer Youngblood said Friday night , "  We are aware of the problems accessing our website , and are working to resolve them . " By early Saturday morning , the website was back . Who is Anonymous ? Everyone and no one Additionally , information was "  compromised " in a hacking of Alabama state websites , the Alabama Department of Homeland Security said in a news release . "  We are aware of the current situation regarding individual  s  claiming responsibility for hacking into a state of Alabama ... public website , " Alabama Department of Homeland Security Director Spencer Collier said in the release . Jack Doane , director of Alabama 's Information Services Division , told CNN later by e-mail that state technology experts "  are conducting a forensic analysis to determine what if any information has been compromised . " It was not immediately clear what websites were hacked or who was responsible . A web page that included Anonymous ' signature tag line stated the hacking was in response to Alabama 's "  recent racist legislation in an attempt to punish immigrants as criminals " -- referring to legislation , signed last June , aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration in the state . The Anonymous-related Twitter page also provided links to documents , messages and other files that it said it had taken off a website tied to Mexico 's mining ministry . "  Hello Mexican Chamber of Mines , " a related Twitter post read . "  Want to see your emails exposed ? " That said , another later item on the same feed added , "  We 'd remind media that if we report a hack or ddos  distributed denial of service  attack , it does n't necessarily mean we did it ... FYI . " The Mexican mining ministry 's website -- which is distinct from the Chamber of Mines , or Caminex , a trade association -- appeared to be down early Friday evening . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : A CIA spokeswoman says the agency is "  working to resolve " the problems A site tied to Anonymous claims the group took down the CIA 's public website A site linked to the hacking group posts e-mails tied to Mexico 's mining industry Alabama says information was "  compromised " after state sites were hacked
CNN  -- Dubai 's most impressive buildings are looking a little psychedelic this week . In the Dubai Mall atrium , a chandelier made from steel cables dangles from the ceiling , emitting the type of strobe lighting more readily associated with disco balls . Illuminated beams pour out from the pinnacle of the Burj Khalifa , making the world 's tallest building resemble a giant lighthouse . In Burj Lake , home of the Dubai Fountain -- the world 's largest water feature -- a hyper-realistic 3D hologram of a whale frolics in above the water . The Souk al Bahar -- a grand , Arabian-style bazaar -- has been transformed into a Disney-esque 3D cinematic feat ; French stage director and composer Damien Fontaine has used video mapping and LED projectors to create a visual narrative in which two characters go in search of hidden treasure . This collection of more than 30 installations is part of Dubai 's inaugural Festival of Lights , a 10-day event modeled on the version hosted every December in Lyon , France . In fact , the city of Lyon co-sponsored the event , along with Emaar Properties , the Dubai developers responsible for many of Dubai ' most ambitious projects . "  We aimed to mark an extraordinary celebration of artistic creativity and light installations on a scale never experienced before in the region , " said an Emaar spokesperson . In addition to borrowing the concept , Emaar has also tapped the talent pool of artists , designers and architects that each year turn Lyon into an electric playground . Participants include Moroccan-born fashion designer JC/DC  aka , Jean-Charles de Castelbajac  , who once designed a teddy bear coat for Madonna and French lingerie designer Chantal Thomass . "  The City of Lyon has set a global benchmark in festive lighting and it was an ideal fit to partner with them to bring the world 's finest lighting concepts to Dubai , " says Emaar 's spokesperson . The Lyon festival started out as a religious tradition , but has since evolved to become one of the most impressive entries on the global arts calendar . Set over four days , artists have been known to project flames onto churches , create animations to crawl up buildings , and graft holograms onto mist . The event attracts millions of visitors every year . While Emaar has yet to release any numbers , they noted the festival was "  well received . "	This week Dubai hosted its inaugural Festival of Lights Many of Dubai 's most famous structures have been turned into art installations French city of Lyon has a similar event and helped Dubai create theirs
CNN  -- The spectacle of Russia swallowing pieces of a neighboring country while claiming to defend its people would make George Orwell grimace with recognition . This weekend 's charade , a "  referendum " in which we 're told more than 96 % voted to join Russia , fits perfectly with the Orwellian narrative . In this twilight zone of make-believe , Russian troops invade after removing the insignias from their uniforms and Putin explains , "  You can go to a store and buy a uniform , " claiming they are local "  self-defense forces . " Maybe Crimean shops also sell machine guns and armored personnel carriers . In this world of double-speak and misinformation , Moscow is manipulating the message , intimidating , twisting facts and lying -- the more absurd the propaganda the better . My personal favorite is the branding of Crimea 's independence push as the "  Russian Spring . " The most famous independence "  spring " was the 1968 "  Prague Spring , " a push to expand freedoms in Czechoslovakia that was crushed by Soviet tanks . On second thought , maybe Ukrainians should embrace irony and call this charade a Russian Spring . Do not believe those who say the result is fair or an accurate reflection of the popular will . Sure , the Russian speakers in Crimea are intoxicated with Russian nationalism right now . So are millions in the motherland , who have heard the persistent false claims about grave threats , even warning of genocide against Russia 's "  brothers " in Crimea and elsewhere in Ukraine . The more you hear about threats to ethnic Russians , the closer Putin is getting to launching an expanded invasion . Look for claims of "  requests for protection " from Moscow . After all , how can Moscow not help . And ignore the Russian agents sowing unrest . The unrest is the required pretext . Russia will come and "  pacify . " This tactic was not invented by Putin ; it left a fetid track in the history of European empire-building , ethnic cleansing and warfare . Before the propaganda campaign , a poll reported in The Washington Post found a majority of Crimeans were not exactly yearning to join Russia . More than half said their homeland was Crimea , and 35 % said Ukraine . About 12 % of Crimeans are Muslim Tatars who despise Russia . About one-quarter are ethnic Ukrainians . You can bet they feel absolutely no affection for Russia today . The referendum process was a travesty . Thousands of invading soldiers , no campaigning to hear differing views , no choice on the ballot for the status quo , intimidation of opponents , and a lightning-fast schedule after the local government is overthrown under the watch of armed men in unmarked camouflage fatigues . Democracy ? You tell me . The referendum was not just a violation of democratic norms and Ukrainian law , it was a clear violation of international law . A Kremlin statement said Putin told U.S. President Barack Obama that Crimean independence echoes the "  Kosovo experience . " He may come to regret bringing up the former Yugoslavia , which unraveled in an orgy of ethnic and nationalism-driven bloodshed in the 1990s . No country annexed Kosovo , and that experience has little in common with Crimea . No one has accused the new Ukrainian government of persecuting Crimea 's Russians the way Serbian forces ever did . The new Ukrainian government does contain an element of extreme right-wingers , who should be isolated and removed . The large mainstream of Ukraine 's government , including its prime minister , is moderate , liberal , democratic and peaceful . Moscow 's false narrative that fascists control Kiev is a ploy , a pretext . Already Putin has reserved the right to "  defend " Russians in other parts of Ukraine . So-called self-defense forces captured a gas terminal close to Crimea , just inside Ukraine . What comes next -- and what should the West do ? There are clear signs that Putin has designs on eastern Ukraine . He may not have decided yet . And what if he orders an invasion there ? What if he goes for the rest of Ukraine ? After all , Russia has close ties to Crimea , but it also has strong emotional ties to Kiev . And then ? Many neighboring republics are getting nervous . Their history books are replete with stories of conquest . Would Moscow dare ? We just do n't know . NATO will not go to war against Russia over Ukraine . Putin knows that . The West should set up a dual track response . First , help the new Ukraine succeed . Ukrainian prosperity , democracy , anti-corruption reform , everything the Ukrainians say they want . Many in Russia want it too . At the same time , impose sanctions and set up trip wires -- escalating sanctions that will go into effect if Russia makes more military moves . If Moscow makes a move to seize more of Ukraine , tell the Republic of Georgia , which yearns to join NATO and already lost territory to a similar Russian move , that its request will go on an approval track . The U.S. and Europe need to work together and speak with one voice . Obama is traveling to Europe in the next few days . Meetings with NATO allies should produce more than statements . They should produce more than threats . Real sanctions will make Putin rethink his next move , especially if they affect his oligarch friends , who enjoy homes in London and ski trips in the Alps . Sanctions require full European participation . Much has been made of Europe 's need for Russian natural gas . But gas sales are a double-edged sword . Russia needs its European customers . America 's newfound gas riches could help Europe gain independence from Moscow . The long-term goal is to convince Russia that the use of force is counterproductive , that the costs outweigh the benefits . Ukraine will always be Russia 's neighbor . One country 's prosperity will benefit the other . For now , however , Putin views Ukraine 's dash for an independent , pro-Western future as a challenge to his worldview ; to his goal of a Eurasian future dominated by Moscow . He has shown he is prepared to use force . He has also shown that he wants a veneer of legitimacy for his actions . That 's why he is taking the trouble of placing Orwellian labels and going through faux-democratic moves . If Putin believes each region should have the right to choose in what country it belongs , he has just smashed a hornet 's nest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Putin 's talk of "  democracy " is double-speak and unfounded lies Ghitis : The 96 % vote to join Russia is far from an accurate reflection of the popular will Ghitis : Putin 's warnings about threats to ethic Russians hint at an expanded invasion She says U.S. , Europe must unite to convince Putin the costs of invasion are dear
CNN  -- The Rolling Stones performed an impromptu , warm-up gig at a small Paris club on Thursday night . The band tweeted about the secret show just hours before they took the stage at La Trabendo , writing that 350 tickets were up for grabs at â ‚ ¬ 15 a pop . According to a press release , 600 fans were in attendance to see Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood . The Stones kicked off the intimate show with "  Route 66 , " before launching into "  It 's Only Rock and Roll . " "  I ca n't believe we 're all still standing up , you 'd think by now one or two of us would be sitting down , but we 're not , " Jagger told the crowd . Mixed in with the classics was the recently released "  Doom and Gloom , " the band 's first new song together in seven years . They recorded the track in Paris and shot a video with Swedish actress Noomi Rapace , Jagger tweeted Wednesday . Closing their set with "  Midnight Rambler , " they returned for an encore playing both "  Jumping Jack Flash " and "  Brown Sugar . " The Rolling Stones are celebrating their 50th anniversary this year with four arena shows ; they 'll perform at London 's O2 arena on November 25 and 29 before taking the stage at the Newark Prudential Center on December 13 and 15 . Here 's the complete set list : "  Route 66 " "  It 's Only Rock and Roll " "  Shattered " "  When The Whip Comes Down " "  Champagne and Reefer " "  Doom and Gloom " "  Miss You " "  Tumbling Dice " "  Start Me Up " "  Midnight Rambler " "  Jumping Jack Flash " "  Brown Sugar " Click here to see a short clip of the Stones ' live at La Trabendo . Rolling Stones : Never-before-seen photos	The Rolling Stones performed at a small Paris club on Thursday night The band tweeted about the secret show just hours before they took the stage 350 tickets were up for grabs at â ‚ ¬ 15 a pop , thought 600 people were in attendance
CNN  -- A freak injury while playing an impromptu game of football with his teammates could sideline Norwegian skiing great Aksel Lund Svindal for the entire World Cup season . The five-time world champion was training in Soelden in Austria ahead of the opening races at that ski resort next week when he tore his Achilles tendon . Svindal described on his official Facebook page what had happened . "  I was out for a little run with the rest of the team ... We ended the session playing around with a ball . Just holding it up in the air between us . "  Suddenly I felt something snap in my leg and I knew right away that something was wrong . Achilles . " Svindal , a two-time overall World Cup champion , was rushed to hospital in Innsbruck , 100km away , and underwent surgery straight away . "  Extremely bad timing just as the season is about to start . But now that it 's happened there 's not much I can do , " he wrote . "  Nobody can say 100 % sure how long the recovery will take , but I 'm ready for the weeks that are coming . " Norway team doctor Jacob Strauss gave a gloomy verdict . "  He will probably not get back on his skis before three or four months . " Svindal was due to defend his world downhill title at the championships in Beaver Creek in Colorado next February and the setback places that in some doubt . The 2010 Olympic super-G gold medalist is no stranger to injury and missed most of the 2007-8 season after a heavy crash at Beaver Creek on the testing Birds of Prey course . "  I 'll stay in Austria for a while before I go back to Norway and discuss further rehab with the crew at the Olympic Center in Oslo , " he added .	Aksel Lund Svindal tears Achilles tendon in freak accident Svindal sustained the injury playing football with teammates Norwegian star looking to defend world downhill title next year Could be ruled out for up to fourth months
CNN  -- For the people of Newtown and for people across the country , 9:30 a.m. was a time to stop , listen and remember . Bells rang in the Connecticut town and in churches and other buildings in multiple states Friday morning to remember the 20 children and six women who were gunned down at Newtown 's Sandy Hook Elementary School at that hour a week ago . Standing in rain -- some holding umbrellas and others letting the water wash over their bowed heads -- people in Newtown gathered outside various locations and paused as multiple churches rang their bells , once for each victim . Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy and Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman stood with others under the awning of Newtown 's Edmond Town Hall , listening to bells of a nearby church . People also paused elsewhere in town -- under a tent that covered the numerous flowers and stuffed animals left as a memorial -- and outside various churches . Some closed their eyes . Some put hands on their hearts . All stood nearly still as the bells rang . At least one Newtown church rang its bells 28 times , marking the deaths of the school 's 26 victims ; the gunman 's mother , who was slain before the shooter went to the school ; and the gunman himself , who authorities say committed suicide after the shootings . Three pastors at that church , Newtown United Methodist , took turns ringing the bell . In the state Capitol building in Hartford , a bell was rung for each of the school 's 26 victims after their names were read . "  Amazing Grace " was sung afterward . Bells were rung at the National Cathedral in Washington and the Cathedral of Saint Mary in Miami . Traders at the New York Stock Exchange paused silently for one minute before the opening bell . Earlier , in a letter to other governors across the country , Malloy noted how the shooting in his state has resonated nationwide . "  Mourning this tragedy has extended beyond Newtown , beyond the borders of Connecticut , and has spread across the nation and the world , " he said . "  On behalf of the State of Connecticut , we appreciate the letters and calls of support that have been delivered to our state and to the family members during their hour of need . " At least 29 states declared a moment of silence for Friday morning , with flags flying at half-staff . People mourned on the Internet , as well : Some websites went dark at the urging of Silicon Valley venture capitalist Ron Conway , who came up with the idea at a Christmas party attended by Gabby Giffords , the former Arizona congresswoman who was wounded in a 2011 shooting that killed six . Gov. Mary Fallin of Oklahoma suggested that residents wear green , Sandy Hook 's school color . In Alaska , the Capitol 's bell was scheduled to ring at 9:30 a.m. local time . The bell is a full-scale replica of the Liberty Bell . Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback and Texas Gov. Rick Perry called for residents of their states to pause to reflect one week after the shooting rampage . Perry also asked that churches ring their bells 26 times in honor of the victims at the school . In an open letter to the people of Newtown in Friday 's Hartford Courant , first lady Michelle Obama wrote that she and President Barack Obama are "  holding you and your families in our hearts . " "  As a mother of two young daughters , my heart aches for you and your families . Like so many Americans , I wish there were something -- anything -- I could do or say to ease your anguish , " Michelle Obama wrote . Although she "  can not begin to imagine the depths of your grief , " she paid tribute to "  the countless acts of courage , kindness and love here in Newtown and across America . " The states that observed a moment of silence are Alaska , California , Colorado , Delaware , Florida , Hawaii , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , North Carolina , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas , Vermont , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . Obama ordered flags to half-staff last Friday after the shooting . Flags are also flying at half-staff this Friday . In Danbury , Connecticut , about 12 miles west of Newtown , the congregation of United Methodist Church of Danbury gathered to pray , CNN affiliate WFSB reported . "  So many things we do n't have control over , " the Rev. Karen Karpow told WFSB . "  This is one of those things , and something like this points out we have way less control over things than we think we do . " "  We will be remembering , imagining , praying . It 's going to be hard , " she added . Open Story : Tributes for Newtown Funerals for five victims were scheduled for Friday : school psychologist Mary Sherlach , 56 ; Rachel D'Avino , 29 ; Grace McDonnell , 7 ; Olivia Engel , 6 ; and Dylan Hockley , 6 . More than 2,200 miles west of Newtown , in Ogden , Utah , the hometown of shooting victim Emilie Parker was festooned Thursday with pink ribbons as her parents brought her body back for burial . "  This sucks . There 's no reason for us to be here tonight , " her father , Robbie Parker , told friends and well-wishers at a memorial service Thursday night . "  And I 'm so thankful for everybody that 's here . " His voice trailed off as he struggled for composure . Seeing the pink -- his daughter 's favorite color -- made him and his wife , Alissa , "  feel like we were getting a big hug from everybody . " A funeral for Emilie Parker is scheduled for Saturday in Ogden . Funerals also are scheduled Saturday in Connecticut for Ana Marquez-Greene , 6 , and Josephine Gay , 7 . Three 6-year-olds were among those buried Thursday : Allison Wyatt , who loved to draw and wanted to be an artist ; Benjamin Wheeler , who loved the Beatles ; and red-haired Catherine Hubbard , who loved animals . Also buried Thursday , at an undisclosed location , was Nancy Lanza , the shooter 's mother , said Donald Briggs , a friend of the family who grew up with her in Kingston , New Hampshire . Plans had not been finalized for the burial of the gunman , her son Adam . Remembering the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting victims Opinion : Honor the angels we lost by coming together CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	The nation observes a moment of silence , and church bells ring in many states President , first lady are "  holding you and your families in our hearts , " Michelle Obama writes Observances mark a week since shooting that killed 20 children , 7 women and gunman
CNN  -- A Toyota Prius was not the cause of a March 9 crash in Harrison , New York , said authorities citing "  black and white " results in their investigation . Harrison , New York , Police Capt. Anthony Marraccini revealed at a news conference Monday that evidence extracted from the wrecked 2005 Prius ' data recorder showed no indication of brake compression as the car headed toward a stone wall . Rather , the accelerator was pressed 100 percent , authorities said . Marraccini said the data , which he described as "  black and white , " was collected in a cooperative effort between Harrison police , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  NHTSA  and Toyota . "  Toyota has been very cooperative , " said Marraccini . "  There 's no possibility of any distortion of this data , " he continued . "  These are the facts that surround this . " A housekeeper was driving the car at the time of the accident . She told police the vehicle accelerated on its own as she eased forward down her employer 's driveway , causing her to crash into a stone wall on the other side of the road . The incident , which did not involve other vehicles nor injuries to anyone , drew attention because the 2005 Prius was part of Toyota 's November recall to address the risk of pedal entrapment in the floor mat . But police said early on that floor mats were not a factor in this accident . A recall to address a sticky accelerator problem did not include the Prius . Monday 's announcement corroborates a NHTSA statement from early in the investigation , explaining that "  information retrieved from the vehicle 's onboard computer systems indicated there was no application of the brakes and the throttle was fully open . " The statement suggested at the time that the driver may have been stepping on the accelerator , instead of the brake as she told police . "  We do see these accidents on occasion , " Marraccini said Monday . "  I think with all this hype about Toyota , people are just looking to point fingers , " he said . Marraccini said that he spoke with the housekeeper about the findings of the investigation , but she remains "  very passionate about her statement . " "  When a driver believes they are on the brake pedal , they believe it . But there is no indication of that , " Marraccini said . Toyota spokesman Wade Hoyt called the investigation "  thorough " and "  conscientious , " and praised authorities for their "  really outstanding piece of detective work . " CNN 's Dana Garrett contributed to this report .	The wrecked 2005 Prius ' data recorder showed no indication of brake compression . Police say there was no indication the driver engaged the brake . Police say the data was collected in a cooperative effort with NHTSA and Toyota .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Camille Grammer accuses her ex-boyfriend of leaving her bruised and battered from a fight while she was recovering from cancer surgery . A judge granted the ex-wife of actor Kelsey Grammer a temporary restraining order Tuesday that says Dimitri Charalambopoulos must stay at least 100 yards away from her . CNN has been unable to reach Charalambopoulos for a response . Court documents filed by Grammer -- a former "  Real Housewife of Beverly Hills " cast member -- describe in dramatic detail an early morning fight with Charalambopoulos in a Houston , Texas , hotel where she was recovering from surgery two weeks ago . "  I wake up at least twice per night with visions of his face as he was attacking me , " Grammer said in her filing . "  I continue to fear for my safety and for the safety of my children , who had grown to trust Mr. Charalambopoulos during the course of my relationship with him . " Grammer , 45 , began dating Charalambopoulos , a 36-year-old fitness trainer from Texas , more than two years ago , according to court papers . Her divorce from Kelsey Grammer was finalized in February 2011 . The argument began at 1:30 a.m. on October 16 when she was awakened by the vibration of Charalambopoulos ' cell phone "  with incoming text messages and phone calls from another woman , " Grammer said . "  Inquiry escalated to argument , and Mr. Charalambopoulos became verbally abusive to me , shouting expletives and insulting me with misogynic epithets , " she said . "  He grabbed me by the hair , twisted it around his hand , and repeatedly pulled my head into the bed and its headboard . In so doing , Mr. Charalambopoulos succeeded in pulling out swaths of my hair and gave me a large , painful contusion on the side of my head . " When Grammer began screaming for help , "  Charalambopoulos squeezed my nose between his fingers and pushed upward forcefully , meanwhile covering my mouth in an attempt to silence me and to prevent me from breathing , " she said . "  I experienced great pain in my nose and became afraid for my life as a consequence . " The attack continued for another 40 minutes to an hour , she said . "  I begged him to stop and threatened to call police , " she said . "  He wrestled me on the hotel bed , repeatedly slamming my head and face into the furniture , and eventually he succeeded in completely immobilizing me . " Sitting on top of her -- with his knees "  mere inches from the area that had been the object my invasive surgery only a few days before " -- Charalambopoulos put his fist in her face and told her , "  I wan na smash your head in , " and "  I 'll give you a reason to call the cops , " Grammer said in her sworn statement . Before leaving her hotel room , he smashed her iPhone and unplugged and disassembled the hotel phones , she said . "  He told me I was going to hell , and then , to make his escape , he said he would ` knock  me  out ' if I moved from the bed while he left the hotel , " Grammer said . Three minutes after he walked out , Grammer "  hobbled down " four flights of stairs to the hotel lobby where an employee called police , she said . A Houston police spokesman said no charges have been filed , but the incident is still under investigation . He noted that "  they broke each other 's cell phones " and her injuries were minor . Grammer 's request for the restraining order included photographs of bruises on her wrists and face , her broken cell phone and a clump of her hair . A hearing to decide whether the temporary order will be made permanent is set for November 19 at the Santa Monica branch of the Los Angeles County Superior Court . CNN 's Oscar Merino and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Fight started with "  text messages and phone calls from another woman , " Grammer says "  I wake up at least twice per night with visions of his face as he was attacking , " she says "  He told me I was going to hell , " Grammer says No charges have been filed , but the investigation continues , police say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On their son 's last night as president , a melancholy former President George H.W. Bush and his wife , Barbara , made an impromptu visit to the White House 's press briefing room and told reporters how much they 'll miss the building . Ex-President George H.W. Bush says he 'll miss coming and going from the White House . "  We will miss coming and going , but it 's time to move on , " said the former president , who was a frequent visitor during his son 's two terms in office . "  The Bushes are going to a happy life . " When a reporter suggested that perhaps one of their other sons , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , will take the White House someday , the former president smiled . "  Maybe Jeb will do something . I 'd like to see him try , " the former president said . Barbara Bush , who was first lady from 1989 to 1993 , said the hardest part of the night was saying goodbye to the White House residence staff a second time . "  In tears twice , " she said , her eyes red . She added that she and her husband are looking forward to attending Tuesday 's inauguration of President-elect Barack Obama . "  Very exciting day , " she said . In addition to the inauguration , the former first couple was to attend a final dinner at the White House with current President Bush , first lady Laura Bush and the first couple 's two daughters , Barbara and Jenna . As the former first couple left the briefing room , some reporters and photographers spontaneously started clapping out of respect . Your view of history The ex-president , who was using a long walking stick to get around , quipped , "  You did n't clap when I was president , what the hell is going on ? "	Former president , wife visit White House on son 's last night as president George H.W. Bush smiles when reporter suggests other son could run Barbara Bush reflects on saying goodbye to White House staff for second time Former first couple attending inauguration of Barack Obama
CNN  -- Gunmen launched grenades and used machetes against Muslims being evacuated in a truck convoy in Central African Republic , killing at least three children and 19 adults , a humanitarian group said Saturday . At least 23 more people , including children , were injured in Friday 's attack and were being treated in a hospital in Bouar , in the northwestern part of the country , said Michael McCusker with Save the Children in Bangui , the nation 's capital . The African country has been wracked with such serious religious and ethnic violence , including between Muslims and Christians , that the United Nations has said it fears a genocide could be brewing , and aid groups warn of a humanitarian crisis . The convoy was carrying mostly Muslim families from the village of Vakap when a grenade was launched into the trucks , said officials with Save the Children , a U.K.-based aid group . Attackers hacked many victims with machetes , the group said . Nearly a million flee violence The mostly Muslim families in the convoy were being evacuated from violence and were ultimately destined for refuge in neighboring Cameroon . "  It is a sign of the still fraught and highly dangerous situation in the Central African Republic that children and their families have been attacked and killed while trying to evacuate to safety , " said Robert Lankenau , the group 's director in the country . The Bouar hospital treats both Christians and Muslims , the group said . Security has deteriorated since the country 's interim leaders , President Michel Djotodia and Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye , announced their resignation at a regional summit in Chad this month . Chaos struck the Central African Republic last year after a coalition of rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize , the latest in a series of coups since its independence . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . Djotodia , one of the Seleka leaders , then became interim president in a coup . Since then , political turmoil and violence has spread . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition . To counter the attacks on their communities , Christians assembled vigilante groups and fought back . The violence prompted U.N. fears about a genocide brewing . Children beheaded as violence grows At least 1,000 people have died in the violence , and some 958,000 more people , many of them children , have been forced from their homes within the Central African Republic , according to the United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR . There are also more than 86,000 refugees in Cameroon , Chad , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo who fled the Central African Republic in 2013 , the UNHCR said Friday . Some 100,000 people have gathered at a makeshift camp by the international airport in Bangui , seeking refuge from the violence . French troops have deployed under a U.N. mandate to assist African peacekeepers . Sick and desperate , migrants wait for airlift home	"  It is a sign of the still fraught and highly dangerous situation , " aid leader says Attackers strike a convoy carrying Muslims , Save the Children group says The African country is wracked by violence between Christians and Muslims At least 23 more people are injured and being treated at a hospital the group supports
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The husband of a woman who authorities say was impaired by marijuana and alcohol when she caused a head-on collision that killed eight people , including herself , has rejected claims of substance abuse by his wife . Daniel Schuler , left , and his attorney , Dominic Barbara , speak at Thursday 's news conference . "  I 've never seen her drunk since the day I met her , " Daniel Schuler , referring to his wife , Diane , said Thursday . "  I 'm not angry at her . I 'd marry her again tomorrow . " Accompanied by his attorney , Schuler held a news conference to counter claims by authorities , who said Tuesday that Diane Schuler , 36 , had a blood alcohol level of 0.19 percent -- more than twice the legal limit for drivers -- and had marijuana in her system when she drove a minivan the wrong way on the Taconic State Parkway and ran head-on into an SUV . Three adults in the SUV were killed in the July 26 collision , as were Schuler and four children -- her daughter and three nieces -- who were in the minivan . A fifth child in the minivan , Schuler 's son , survived . On Thursday , Dominic Barbara , Daniel Schuler 's lawyer , cited a list of medical aliments inflicting Diane Schuler before the crash . She apparently had a tooth abscess for two months , diabetes at "  various levels " and a mysterious lump on her leg that seemed to move , he said . Watch Daniel Schuler defend his wife " "  I think she had a stroke , " said Barbara , who admitted he had no evidence to support his claim . "  And I think from the stroke came all the other issues of what happened . " The crash happened about 30 miles north of New York after Schuler and the children left a campground where her family had stayed . Barbara said nobody at the camp saw Diane Schuler with alcohol . He said investigators interviewed nine people who spoke with Diane Schuler before she embarked , and those people did not smell marijuana or alcohol on her breath . "  Actually , it was the opposite , " Barbara said . "  She was happy . She was talking to people . " Authorities said Tuesday that a broken vodka bottle was found in the minivan after the crash . Barbara said he could n't explain the bottle , but he said , "  Something had to have happened . " Daniel Schuler and his lawyer said they have yet to decide on whether they want another autopsy . Jay Schuler , Daniel Schuler 's sister , said Thursday that Diane Schuler was reliable and loved children . "  There 's no way she 'd do this , " Jay Schuler said . "  She was responsible . " The statements by Schuler and his attorney differed from the toxicology report released Tuesday by the Westchester County District Attorney 's Office . Besides the 0.19 percent blood alcohol level and marijuana , tests showed Diane Schuler had 6 grams of alcohol in her stomach that had yet to be metabolized , according to Maj. William Carey of the New York State Police . Meanwhile , an attorney representing families of two SUV occupants who died in the wreck said a lawsuit is likely . "  If I could prognosticate , it appears that there will be a civil suit , " said Marshall Nemark , an attorney representing the families of Michael Bastardi and his son , Guy Bastardi , who were killed in the crash along with a friend .	Diane Schuler 's husband says she did n't abuse alcohol , drugs Authorities : Schuler was intoxicated when she caused fatal crash in New York Wreck killed eight people , including Schuler , her daughter and three nieces Attorney : No one saw Schuler with alcohol before she began drive
Dar Es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- Jakaya Kikwete is heading into his second term as president of Tanzania , after elections left one opposition politician warning that voter apathy could threaten Tanzania 's young multiparty democracy Meanwhile , the losing presidential candidate of another opposition party contended the country 's intelligence forces were involved in rigging the election . The acting head of the Tanzania intelligence unit responded by accusing that candidate of lying and by saying all claims of vote rigging were baseless . Although the election took place on October 31 , official results were announced on Friday . Incumbent President Kikwete garnered 5.3 million votes out of 8.6 million cast to earn a second five-year term . Of Tanzania 's 20 million registered voters , only 8.6 million voters  42.8 percent  turned out to cast ballots , according to elections officials . That left Ibrahim Lipumba , leader of the Civic United Front  CUF  party , to blame voter apathy and Tanzania 's National Electoral Commission , saying unless it comes out with a way to bolster the electoral system , the country 's nascent democracy will be undermined . Lipumba 's remarks came in a concession speech he made on behalf of losing political parties This vote was the fourth general election since multiparty democracy was restored in Tanzania in 1992 , and observers and monitors have commended the exercise as a free one , but still not fair . A European Union observer team censured the electoral commission on Wednesday , saying its delays in issuing election results were the cause of chaos in some constituencies . On Thursday , Martina Kabisama of Tanzania Civil Society Consortium for Election Observation  TACCEO  , comprising 17 organizations , said the elections were free , but not fair . He cited a low level of awareness on the part of election supervisors , problems in the permanent voter register , and use of outdated computers as among factors affecting the election . The first runner-up in the presidential vote -- Wilbrioad Slaa of the Chama cha Demokrasia na Maendeleo  Chadema  organization -- had 2.3 million votes while Lipumba collected 695,667 votes . Slaa did not appear when vote results were being announced Friday , having stated that the country 's intelligence was involved in rigging the election . That was followed by a denial from the country 's top intelligence official . There were seven candidates in this year 's general election . For his part , Kikwete accepted his win , saying he would cooperate with all the parties to build the nation . "  We are all winners , and there is no point for any of us to fight over poles while we are building the same house , " he said .	Voter turnout is low at only 42 percent An opposition leader warns that voter apathy could affect Tanzania 's democracy
Editor 's note : Since the FBI arrested a Brooklyn businessman in late July on federal charges of organ trafficking , CNN has been conducting a worldwide investigation into the sale of kidneys , using willing donors and willing recipients from China to Israel to the United States . This installment examines two very different stories of Israelis involved in the trade . Yechezekel Nagauker in a Chinese hospital where he got a kidney transplant after paying $ 100,000 . TEL AVIV , Israel  CNN  -- In a dank Tel Aviv hospital room , you can see at a glance just how desperate some Israelis are for a new kidney . In one bed , Ricki Shai 's mother lies practically unresponsive . Her diabetes is slowly killing her . It has forced the amputation of both of her legs . Sitting in a bed beside her is Shai 's father , Yechezekel Nagauker , also a diabetic . But he decided , his daughter says , not to wait for a kidney donor . "  My father did n't want to be like my mother , " Shai said . In April , Nagauker cut a deal with a kidney broker , who promised him a new life and a new kidney for $ 100,000 . It was available only in China , the donor said . "  The broker went to him and suggested that he become a new man . ` Come with me . Two days , $ 100,000 , and two days you will be a new man , ' " Shai said . Today , Shai calls the broker "  the killer . " Nagauker 's body is rejecting the new kidney . The family 's story is one of several that have come to light in recent weeks as part of a worldwide CNN investigation into what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs , a network now being probed by authorities in Israel and the United States . Nagauker went to China , where his daughter said he was taken to a rural hospital and given the kidney of an 18-year-old Chinese girl . Shai captured images on her cell phone of her father in what she described as a filthy hospital . The surgery went poorly , and the girl who donated the kidney died shortly after surgery , Shai said . "  They gave her $ 5,000 , and she died , " she said . The broker has yet to face any sanctions . Until just last year , the entire transaction was not only legal in Israel ; some state-sponsored health insurance plans paid for transplants . Before March 2008 , Israeli law allowed citizens to go abroad for live organ transplants from non-related donors . Israeli investigators are looking intensively at illegal organ trafficking under the new law , the country 's Health Ministry said . Nancy Scheper-Hughes , who studies the organ trade , says Israel has become ground zero for both legal and illegal transactions . For years , she said , the very first treatment for anyone with kidney disease in Israel has been to find a new kidney rather than linger on official lists waiting for one . "  There 's a belief , of course , that not only is transplant better than dialysis , but you want a living donor , because it 's better than a kidney that was on ice or that was under a truck , " said Scheper-Hughes , an anthropologist at the University of California at Berkeley and founder of the newsletter Organs Watch . "  Michael , " a broker who insists that he operates legally but still wanted to keep his name and face a secret , said Israelis do not like to weaken their own . His mother , he said , needed a kidney and happily agreed to buy one in China rather than receiving a transplant from her own son . Watch "  Michael " on how he brokers kidney transplants " The broker said he has arranged nearly 220 transplants . It has been relatively uncomplicated , he said . Israel 's 2008 law banning the strict brokering of kidneys for cash has made things trickier , Michael says . But if a patient arrives at his door with a donor claiming to be a relative , he can easily send them overseas with no questions asked . But are they really relatives ? "  I do n't know , " the broker said . "  I do n't care . I do n't deal with that . " For her part , Shai says her family is "  breaking . " But she has no doubt that the organ broker her family used is still in business . "  We are paying the price , " she said .	Israeli man paid $ 100,000 to broker to get new kidney His body is rejecting kidney he received from 18 year-old in China CNN investigating what appears to be widespread black market in human organs
CNN  Opening statements in the trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev likely wo n't begin Monday as originally planned , because jury selection is taking longer than anticipated , a court official said Thursday . Monday "  is not realistic " as a start date , and the court expects to announce a new date next week , said Ginny Hurley , spokeswoman for the U.S. District Court in Boston . Jury selection began more than two weeks ago . Authorities accuse Tsarnaev and his older brother , Tamerlan , of planting two pressure-cooker explosives , hidden in backpacks , near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 , 2013 . Three people were killed and more than 260 others wounded in the explosions . Three days later , after the FBI released surveillance photos of the suspects , the Tsarnaevs shot and killed Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier , authorities say . Early the next day , Tamerlan Tsarnaev died of wounds he suffered during a shootout with police , and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found and arrested that night , hiding in a boat behind a house . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was charged with 30 federal counts , including using a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death and malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . He pleaded not guilty in July 2013 .	Jury selection has taken longer than anticipated , court says Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is charged with 30 counts in 2013 Boston Marathon bombing case
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Margie Brandquist wears a framed photo of her sister , who died in a plane crash three months ago . Flowers are left at a makeshift memorial near the site of a plane crash in Clarence Center , New York , in February . Her sister , Mary Pettys , 51 , was engaged to be married when her Continental Connection Flight 3407 went down in icy conditions near Buffalo , New York . The flight , operated by regional carrier Colgan Air , plunged into a house in Clarence Center , killing all 49 people on board and one man in the house . Brandquist is one of several of the victims ' family members attending this week 's National Transportation Safety Board hearing on Capitol Hill . Brandquist wants to know why the pilot , who failed several flight tests before joining the airline , never received hands-on training with the emergency equipment that was activated before the crash . "  We put our lives in the hands of people that we assume that the -LSB- Federal Aviation Administration -RSB- and the airlines are properly training , " she told CNN 's Randi Kaye . The safety board resumed its three-day hearing Wednesday . Watch hearing consider whether crash could have been avoided " At Tuesday 's hearing , Colgan Air acknowledged that Capt. Marvin Renslow never trained on the "  stick pusher " emergency system in a flight simulator . But in a written statement , the carrier said that both Renslow and First Officer Rebecca Shaw had received other specific training about how to handle situations like those that preceded the crash . It said that the company provides FAA-approved ground training and that "  Captain Renslow and First Officer Shaw had thorough initial and recurrent training " on how to handle a stall . "  Captain Renslow and First Officer Shaw did know what to do , had repeatedly demonstrated they knew what to do , but did not do it , " the statement said . "  We can not speculate on why they did not use their training in dealing with the situation they faced . " Anne Marie Russo , whose daughter Madeline died in the crash , watched Tuesday 's televised hearing at a hotel in Newark , New Jersey , with other families who lost loved ones on the flight . "  This should not have happened , " she said . "  These 50 people should be enjoying their life right now . " She said she believes that cost-cutting measures by airlines may have been a factor in the crash . "  Maybe the training has to be more safer , more satisfactory for the public , " she said . "  This is tragedy that happened to these 49 , 50 people , it could happen to any one of us . " Dan Marzolf , who also lost a loved one in the crash , said the hearing was very technical , but he hopes "  to get to some conclusions . " "  I really do hope good will come from these meetings , " he told CNN 's affiliate in Buffalo , WGRZ . On Tuesday , the safety board investigators released a transcript of the cockpit voice recording from moments before the crash . The last sounds heard were Shaw saying , "  We 're " and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. Seconds earlier , Renslow said , "  Jesus Christ " as a sound "  similar to stick shaker , " an emergency warning system , was heard , the transcript said . Renslow said , "  We 're down , " and a thump was heard . About five minutes before the crash , Shaw had shared with Renslow her fear of flying in icy conditions . "  I do n't want to have to experience that and make those kinds of calls . You know , I 'd 've freaked out . I 'd 've had like seen this much ice and thought , ` oh , my gosh , we were going to crash , ' " Shaw told Renslow . The safety board 's preliminary investigation determined that there was some ice accumulation on the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 aircraft but that "  icing had a minimal impact on the stall speed of the airplane . " At Tuesday 's hearing , Colgan Air said Renslow , though not training physically on the "  stick pusher , " received more training on it than the law requires . "  In the ground school portion , it is covered , " said Paul Pryor , head of Colgan Air 's pilot training program . Such training is not required by the Federal Aviation Administration . "  That 's a significant problem , " veteran pilot Douglas Moss said . Moss , an expert in stall recovery , believes that flight simulator practice with a stick pusher should be mandatory for aspiring pilots . "  It 's similar to picking up and throwing a ground ball in baseball . You can study it academically all you want to , but you really need to develop the proficiency , the skill , the muscle memory required to do that , " Moss said . Since the accident , Colgan has added demonstrations of the technique on its flight simulator "  This is one of a number of additions that Colgan has made to its training and safety programs in the wake of the accident , " the statement said . Renslow had failed five pilot tests , known as check rides , three of which occurred before he joined the airline , Colgan Air said . Renslow had revealed only one of those failures to the airline , according to Colgan . Wally Warner , a Bombardier test pilot who testified Tuesday , said he believes that the pilot could have overcome the stall that caused the crash . "  Obviously , the initial reaction to the stall warning was incorrect , and that set the course of action for what followed , " Warner said . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Airline says officers "  did know what to do ... but did not do it " Families of victims of February crash near Buffalo , New York , watch hearing Safety board hears that pilot got no simulator training on one safety device FAA does n't require such training ; airline says pilot had classroom training
CNN  -- Liza Long did n't think anyone would notice her blog outside of a small circle of friends . But she was wrong , way wrong . Millions of people were keenly interested in the Idaho mother 's struggles with the 13-year-old son she loves and fears . A 40-year-old mother of four , Long teaches English at a small college in Boise . On Friday she posted a brutally honest essay on her blog , The Anarchist Soccer Mom . It struck a nerve in the wake of the mass shooting in which 20 children died at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . Over the weekend , it seemed , everybody was sharing the post and talking about The Anarchist Soccer Mom . Then came the backlash , as others criticized her for committing her son and writing about it publicly . Read more : The backlash against ' I am Adam Lanza 's Mother ' For Long , the blog post was "  a cry for help , a real gut-check article , " she said , a way to articulate for friends the cold , gripping fear she has been living with for so long . She finally came to terms with an issue she 'd been avoiding : Something serious is up with this boy . He goes into blind rages , he threatens violence and he is getting harder to control . She does n't yet have a specific diagnosis , and she does n't know what to do . "  He 's in a good mood most of the time , " she wrote . "  But when he 's not , watch out . And it 's impossible to predict what will set him off . " Read the complete blog post On Wednesday , Long followed a social worker 's advice and committed her son to an acute care psychiatric facility . During an argument over whether he could wear blue pants to school , he had threatened to kill himself by jumping out of the car . It was a line she 'd warned him not to cross . A few weeks earlier , she called police when he pulled a knife , threatening to kill her and himself when he was asked to return overdue library books . He was strapped to a gurney and taken to a hospital emergency room , where he eventually calmed down . During the argument over the pants , he threw yet another "  full-blown fit , " complete with screaming and hitting . "  I hugged him close , so he could n't escape from the car , " she wrote . "  He bit me several times and repeatedly jabbed his elbows into my rib cage . I 'm still stronger than he is , but I wo n't be for much longer . " A psychiatric commitment is Idaho 's temporary solution , lasting 10 to 14 days . After that , she says , her only other option is jail or juvenile detention . A leap of faith is required when listening to Long 's heart-wrenching story because confidentiality laws surrounding mental health issues make it difficult if not impossible to verify . But Long provided details , including the names of the hospital and her son 's school program , and offered to make copies of ambulance and hospital bills available . Shooter 's mother struggled to raise son , relative says "  No one wants to send a 13-year-old genius who loves Harry Potter and his snuggle animal collection to jail , " she wrote in her blog . "  But our society , with its stigma on mental illness and its broken health care system , does not provide us with other options . Then another tortured soul shoots up a fast food restaurant . A mall . A kindergarten classroom . And we wring our hands and say , ` Something must be done . ' " Long says she has been told that her best option is to file criminal charges and build a paper trail . "  It 's just total , total frustration , " she said over the phone . "  Why are we doing this to the mentally ill ? He 's not a bad kid . He 's a troubled kid . I just want to get help for my son . " "  Michael , " as she calls him on the blog , is exceptionally bright , with an "  off-the-charts IQ . " But his temper had always gone far beyond the usual childhood tantrums . And his behavior grew stranger as he entered middle school . "  If I could , I would wish my son into normalcy by sheer force of will , " Long said . "  I realized I was doing my family a disservice by thinking we were managing it . It 's been so hard on them . These kids are just so hurt . It 's really hurting our whole family . Frankly , I think my son is scared of himself . " Since committing him , she has visited her son daily . After the first day , Michael was angry and vengeful . After the second day , he started to calm down . By the third day "  he totally owned all the behavior , " tearfully telling her , "  Mom , I 'm scared , too . " In school shootings , patterns and warning signs "  He does tend to forget about when he 's violent , " she explained . "  He sees red and then he 's gone . " She added that she has told him about her viral blog post , which she titled "  Thinking the Unthinkable . " Others who picked it up , including the Huffington Post and Gawker , changed the headline to "  I am Adam Lanza 's mother . " Long wrote that she thinks about her son every time there is a mass shooting . She fears that he might someday be capable of such explosive violence . "  I love my son . But he terrifies me , " Long wrote . "  I am sharing this story because I am Adam Lanza 's mother . I am Dylan Klebold 's mother and Eric Harris ' mother . I am James Holmes ' mother . I am Jared Loughner 's mother . I am Seun-Hui Cho 's mother , " she wrote , rattling off the names behind some of the nation 's most notorious mass shootings : Sandy Hook Elementary School ; Columbine High School ; a crowded movie theater in Aurora , Colorado ; a shopping center near Tucson , Arizona ; Virginia Tech . "  And these boys -- and their mothers -- need help , " she added . "  In the wake of another horrific national tragedy , it 's easy to talk about guns . But it 's time to talk about mental illness . " Long says Michael is a sweet boy most of the time . When he throws fits , he is so scary that she gathers up the knives , scissors and other sharp implements and keeps them with her in a plastic container . She says her other kids -- ages 15 , 9 and 7 -- know the "  safety drill " by heart : When Michael starts to go off , they run into the car and lock the doors . Thousands of people have posted comments on her blog -- nearly 3,000 by Monday night . Many of them thanked her , and said they were in similar situations . "  I am moved to tears because this is my story , too , " one woman posted under the name "  Michigan Miss. " "  I ca n't believe it . You just described my brother ! " wrote "  Rachel . " "  I raised a boy like your ` Michael . ' I get it . I so get it , " wrote "  Lynne . " But there were critics as well , including an equally passionate , equally viral blog by writer Sarah Kendzior , who accused Long of invading "  Michael 's " privacy with "  vindictive and cruel posts about her children in which she fantasizes about beating them , locking them up and giving them away . " In many of the posts , Kendzior notes , Long 's "  allegedly insane and violent son is portrayed as a normal boy who incites her wrath by being messy , buying too many Apple products and supporting Obama . " Kendzior did not respond to an e-mail requesting comment , and by midafternoon it appeared the two bloggers had reached a truce . They posted a joint statement on both of their blogs : "  Whatever disagreements we have had , we both believe that the stigma attached to mental illness needs to end . We need to provide affordable , quality mental health care for families . We need to provide support for families who have a relative who is struggling . " Both agreed that privacy is paramount for family members , especially children . "  Neither of us anticipated the viral response to our posts , " the statement continued . "  We are not interested in being part of a ` mommy war . ' We are interested in opening a serious conversation on what can be done for families in need . " Long , who says she 's "  kind of an introvert , " has n't owned a television set since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . She did n't go looking for fame , but one viral blog post later , fame found her . She began making the rounds at the television networks before dawn on Monday , appearing on NBC 's "  Today " show , then chatting with Diane Sawyer over at ABC and again with CNN 's Erin Burnett . And then she put it all behind her , pleased that she was able to get the conversation started . Strangers inspired to honor Newtown victims CNN 's Michelle Richmond contributed to this story . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Anarchist Soccer Mom 's blog post about son goes viral Liza Long , 40 , cries out for help for her mentally ill teen ` Michael ' can become violent , threaten suicide during fits He is currently in an acute care psychiatric facility
Thirteen years and more than 2,000 American casualties after it began , the war in Afghanistan will conclude responsibly , President Barack Obama said on Sunday . In a written statement marking the formal end of U.S. combat there , Obama said the remaining 10,000 or so American troops in Afghanistan would still face danger but that the longest U.S. war ever was now history . "  Our personnel will continue to face risks , but this reflects the enduring commitment of the United States to the Afghan people and to a united , secure and sovereign Afghanistan that is never again used as a source of attacks against our nation , " Obama said . American troops went to fight in Afghanistan following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and the U.S. spent more than $ 1 trillion dollars there and lost upwards of 2,200 servicemen and women . Obama vowed to wind the Afghan war down when he took office , eventually announcing this year he would reduce the number of troops stationed there to about 10,000 -- a massive reduction from the nearly 150,000 who once served . In a ceremony in Afghanistan 's capital of Kabul on Sunday , the commander of the International Security Assistance Force officially marked the end of coalition combat in Afghanistan by rolling up the ISAF flag . The city has suffered an uptick in Taliban violence as the drawdown date approached , though U.S. officials maintain the country is far better off now than when the U.S. began its mission 13 years ago . "  Our courageous military and diplomatic personnel in Afghanistan -- along with our NATO allies and coalition partners -- have helped the Afghan people reclaim their communities , take the lead for their own security , hold historic elections and complete the first democratic transfer of power in their country 's history , " Obama said . The President has spent much of last year marking the withdrawal of combat troops in Afghanistan , from his announcement in May that U.S. combat troops would leave the country by January 2015 , to an appearance at Fort Dix earlier this month acknowledging persistent security challenges there . "  Afghanistan is still a very dangerous place , " Obama said at the New Jersey base . "  But I want you , and every American who has served in Afghanistan , to be proud of what you 've accomplished there . " RELATED : 2 American soldiers , 19 Afghans killed Currently on vacation with his family in Hawaii , the President used a Christmas address to Marines stationed on Oahu to hail the achievements of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , asserting the U.S. is safer because of the effort there . Afghanistan is "  not going to be a source of terrorist attacks again , " he said at the Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kaneohe Bay . Other U.S. officials -- including Vice President Joe Biden and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel -- have also marked the end of the U.S. combat mission in Afghanistan . Hagel said Sunday the work of U.S. troops has "  made our world safer and given Afghanistan the opportunity to chart a secure , democratic , and prosperous future . " Sen. John McCain , the Arizona Republican , visited Kabul on Christmas to meet with Afghanistan 's new president .	Obama says Afghanistan better off after 13 years of war Afghan war is coming to responsible end , Obama says About 10,000 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan next year
CNN  -- It makes sense that we 're all obsessed with the missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 . What I find more mysterious is why we are n't obsessed with other arguably more important stories . The missing Malaysia Airlines plane falls right at the nexus of several gripping story lines in the public narrative . Stories about death inherently hold our attention . The more dark among us -- and HBO producers -- might attribute this to a lust for the gruesome . Freud would simply call it our "  death drive " -- that mix of fear and fascination that our lives must ultimately end . Regardless , as Jack Schaeffer noted in Reuters , media coverage has always hewed toward dark sensationalism to feed the cravings of a hungry audience . There 's something about death in sudden , large numbers that grabs our attention . Every year , about 32,000 people are killed by guns in the United States . And yet the routine daily suicides and shootings do n't seem to command our attention or even our compassion in quite the same way as mass shootings like Aurora or Sandy Hook . Of course , we also respond to whom the victims are : When they are innocent little children , the dismay is more intense . It 's not just about numbers -- the idea that suddenly a large group of people are harmed . While the unknown fate of the 239 souls aboard the Malaysia flight is unquestionably looming with tragedy , on the same day the plane went missing around 20,000 people died from cancer worldwide . Around 4,000 people worldwide died from AIDS on the same day . In the 11 days since the plane has been missing , more than 1,000 people have likely died from drug overdoses in the United States alone . Why do n't we care about these tales of death ? Or perhaps more important , how could we care more ? The other gripping story line of the missing Malaysia flight is , of course , the mystery . It 's a real whodunnit unfolding live before our very eyes . Adding to the fascination is certainly the fact that , as Farhad Majoo eloquently pointed out in the New York Times , a genuine mystery would seem impossible in our hyper-connected , over-surveilled day and age . Majoo writes : "  The disappearance stands in stark contrast to the hallmark sensation of our time , the certainty that we 're all being constantly tracked and that , for better or worse , we 're strapped to the grid , never out of touch . It turns out that 's not true . " But if that is really the hallmark norm of our era , then why are n't we equally fixated on the fact that in this day and age , 1 million children are exploited by the global commercial sex trade every single year -- many disappearing right out from under the eyes of loved ones or government agencies . Shocking , right ? But worthy of our 24/7 attention ? Apparently not . "  The problem with our always-on culture is that actually , we 're not always focused on stuff that matters , just stuff that triggers , " says Micah Sifry , co-founder of the Personal Democracy Forum . "  The news business has long understood this , but now the rise of social media seems to be making the problem even worse , since it is fragmenting our attention down to the individual level . " Still it raises the question -- what about the things that arguably matter and on some level trigger , just not enough ? Is there a way to make the daily scourge of AIDS and child sex trafficking and gun violence as gripping as a missing jumbo jet ? No , says Bea Arthur , a licensed therapist and founder of PrettyPaddedRoom.com . Arthur argues its not just the conflation of compelling plot lines that makes the Malaysia plane story so gripping -- it 's the fact that it 's a lot of people , that it happened suddenly , and that we still do n't know what happened . What grabs us is the idea that a plane can suddenly , unpredictably drop out of the sky . It ruptures our need for control . "  People want details because they want to know this wo n't happen to them , " Arthur says . Arthur suggests our fascination with tragedies like the Malaysia plane is less about the basic facts of death or scale or even mystery but simply the egotistical desire to categorically exempt ourselves from whatever new possibility of bad things happening arise out of the story . "  It 's about ego and self-preservation and wanting some sense of control , " Arthur says . In other words , even though we are more likely to die from cancer  1 in 4 odds for men , 1 in 5 odds for women  than a plane crash  1 in 11,000,000 million odds  , cancer feels like a known , even avoidable threat  even if it 's not  whereas the missing plane pushes our personal panic button . The media can keep trying to tell the stories of poor people dying from lack of food and shelter , of children in rural communities and inner cities dying from gun violence , of black and Latina woman disproportionately being infected with and dying from HIV/AIDS . These stories are vital , especially when told in careful ways that do n't just elicit individual sympathy but illuminate larger structural implications and the need for solutions . But no matter how numerous , no matter how gruesome and no matter how pressing , these and other critical stories may never pierce our consciousness , let alone capture world attention . Then again , Arthur points out , the Malaysia plane story is only interesting until it ends . "  Once there 's closure ... we 'll go on and forget about it , too , " she says . "  Strange comfort that , in the end , all stories -- important or intriguing or in between -- fall victim to our short attention span .	Sally Kohn : We 're obsessed with missing Malaysia flight ; why not other tragedies ? Kohn : Stories about death in huge numbers , mystery and innocent victims fascinate us Kohn : Cancer , guns , AIDS , trafficking take many more lives , yet we do n't pay attention She says those stories do n't have the suddenness and do n't push panic buttons
CNN  -- "  Release the models ! " The stage manager 's voice fills the backstage area , busy with hairstylists and makeup artists wielding the tools of their trade over a row of girls in front of brightly lit mirrors . "  It 's time for a quick run-through . " It takes an extra moment for Petra Vujevic to break free from her chair , where she is surrounded by three stylists trying to tame her long blonde hair into a "  punky ballerina " bun . The head stylist is teasing sections of her natural hair while another tends to neon pink extensions woven into her ponytail . A third handles clips and brushes . Vujevic winces . It has n't been a good hair day for the 20-year-old Croatian model . It 's the second time today that her head has been pulled in a million directions , loaded down with gooey products and hairspray . But she refrains from pouting because it 's part of the job . Anyway , modeling is n't her life -- not yet , at least . It 's just something she decided to try by taking a year off from university in Croatia , where she 's studying computer science . She started exactly one year ago , making the rounds in Milan , Paris , London and Spain before arriving in New York three weeks ago for Fashion Week . A "  Man Repeller 's " influence on display at New York Fashion Week "  When you 're tall and thin , everyone says you should be a model , so I thought : try it for a year , " Vujevic said in accented English , which she learned in school and from television . "  It 's been good . I decided to model because it was completely different . How would I know if I did n't try ? " She hit the ground running in New York , averaging 15 castings a day and scoring not only a few shows during New York Fashion Week but jobs for catalogs and ads campaigns while in town . She plans on returning to her parents ' home outside the Croatian capital of Zagreb to resume school in October . Vujevic may not be the typical small-town girl trying to make it in the big city , but her story underscores the bigger picture in the post-supermodel era , when girls are cycled in and out with each season and only a rare few stick around to become bold-face names . But her agency has high hopes for her . Lots of girls are tall , thin and beautiful , but Vujevic has an "  X presence , " said Louise Roberts of APM Models , which represents Vujevic in the United States . "  Our clients look for that classically beautiful girl that has a different edge to her , something that no one can define , " Roberts said . "  We loved the spirit in Petra 's photographs , the connection she had with the camera . In her eyes , you just saw there was a sparkle there . When you look at her , you have a sense that this girl can be successful . " But Vujevic is simply living in the moment . And right now , it 's time for a quick practice walk on the runway . The stage manager yells again for the girls , and Vujevic joins the line of models near the backstage runway entrance . With their hair and makeup in various states of readiness , they look like a disheveled flock of flamingos stepping to the beat of singer/designer Avril Lavigne , who is nowhere in sight even though the show bears the Canadian rocker 's name and her brand 's imprint , Abbey Dawn . The collection , a swirling motif of skulls , rainbows , pleather and studs , is n't exactly Vujevic 's speed , but she 's still excited to take part in this kind of production . It 's completely different from Rachel Antonoff 's garden party-themed presentation Sunday , in which Vujevic 's prop was a badminton racket , or the Christine Alcalay presentation earlier that day , which was staged in a 1,000-square-foot studio in an office building . For that job , she wakes at 7 a.m. Monday , showers and puts on just a bit of mascara and concealer . She takes a cab to the Garment District , arriving at the 11th floor whitewashed studio about two hours before showtime . It 's not a runway show but a "  presentation , " in which the models will be dressed and positioned on the showroom like living mannequins . For now , the corner studio with lots of natural light pouring through the windows is a backstage area for hair and makeup . Eventually , it will transition into a showroom with music from a live violinist , creating an atmosphere reminiscent of an art gallery . Vujevic takes a seat , and a makeup artist gets to work on her face while a nail technician applies heated "  nail shields " that behave like stickers . As she moves on to hair , the benches and makeup tables are removed , and risers are brought in to begin setting up the showroom . Twenty minutes later , her hair is done , and the tables are pushed back to a wall . A curtain goes up , creating an impromptu changing area for the designer to dress the girls . She emerges in a set of light blue shorts , blazer and shell . "  It 's not really my style , very businesswoman , " she says . "  Maybe in 10 years . " Once the models are clothed , a set designer arranges them on the floor while stylists dart around with spray cans and makeup brushes , putting on the final touches . Then , it 's time for the girls to stand in place for an hour as fashion editors and store buyers survey the collection . When a camera focuses on Vujevic , she narrows her eyes ever so slightly . About a half-hour in , she leaves the floor for the curtained changing area and returns in a tan calf-length skirt and lace cut-out halter top . She stands some more , occasionally shifting her weight to keep the circulation flowing . As the clock hits noon , some of the girls relax their rigid poses and wait for the cue to leave . Vujevic thought she would have a stretch of time for lunch -- modeling makes her hungry , she says -- but as she 's leaving the studio , her agency sends an e-mail letting her know that she has a fitting for Gerlan Jeans , so she heads downtown . On the ride over , she talks about this being her first time in the United States . She has noticed that fast food is really cheap , healthy food is expensive and everything seems to be labeled "  organic . " She wishes she had more time to eat in restaurants and try new things but since she arrived in New York , she 's only had two days off to explore . In the studio on Bowery , she tries on two looks for the designer 's "  Gerl Power " presentation , which is part Minnie Mouse , part activist , designer Gerlan Marcel says . Vujevic 's childlike features and height make her ideal for the show 's cartoon-y look , Gerlan says . As she tries on two of the designer 's neoprene looks , a bright yellow dress and a blue coat , Gerlan squeals in delight . "  When I was a little girl my favorite doll was named Petra and I carried her around with me everywhere , " the designer explains as Vujevic struts down the narrow path in between racks of clothing and accessories littering the floor . "  Petra has come to life ! " Gerlan and her team agree that the yellow dress is too short for the 5 '11 model and settle on the blue coat . Vujevic bids them farewell and runs downstairs to head over to the Metropolitan Pavilion for Lavigne 's show . The contrast from the morning 's gig could n't be more severe . The intimate austerity of the open studio has been replaced with a massive showroom of folding chairs surrounded by booths for Monster Energy drink and thinkThin energy bars , with a bright white runway in the middle . Getting her hair to cooperate and putting on her face leaves about 10 minutes to breathe before the show . On the way to the bathroom , she picks up a salted caramel chocolate from the Stoli Vodka booth . Lavigne eventually shows up about 30 minutes before showtime to thank the girls and pose for pictures . As they line up , she walks around adjusting their bows and belts and other small details . The show is over in 10 minutes , and Vujevic is already 30 minutes late for her next job in SoHo . She fills a plastic cup with vegetables before hustling outside to grab a cab to the Soho Grand Hotel for a presentation by menswear designer and self-described "  urban emperor " Dominic Louis . Again , the setting could n't be more different . She walks up a flight of stairs to the hotel bar , which has been transformed into backstage hair and makeup area . The constant loop of "  Sk8er Boi " and "  Girlfriend " has been replaced by Siouxsie and the Banshees and Coldplay playing softly in the background . A woman is ironing pants where the waiter station would normally be ; models rest their hands on the marble-topped bar to get their nails done . She takes a seat on a plush stool of dark wood while two stylists set to work blowing out her hair to remove product . She picks at a plate of cheese in her lap while they pull her hair into a tight ponytail at the crown of her head and fashion it into a bun . The tip of her hair is pulled into an avant garde cowlick . A makeup artist hands her a cloth to remove her makeup while she waits for a seat at the bar . Eventually , her face is transformed into a pale , white-lined canvas best summed up as extraterrestrial . There 's no private changing area here , so she quickly strips and changes into a black top and pants with its calves cut out . She 's paraded out with the rest of the models to a corridor and placed on a riser against a column . She stands there for an hour while an art house film plays and attendees in leather black shorts and vests take her picture . Eventually , she moves to the stage in front of the film screen with other models who are growing impatient . Finally , one of the models starts clapping , and the audience follows . The models seize the opportunity to step down and leave the corridor . It 's 11 p.m. now , and Vujevic is tired . Modeling is exciting but exhausting , she says . Will she return to modeling after she finishes school ? "  It 's possible , " she says . "  But maybe not for New York Fashion Week . "	Petra Vujevic took a year off from pursing her computer science degree to try modeling A typical day for a Fashion Model lasts 12 hours , with no breaks for food Agencies grapple with trying to create a big name in post-supermodel era
CNN  Each day , CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day . Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport !	See more iReport galleries : Glorious Ireland , beautiful beaches Follow us on Twitter @cnnireport and @CNNTravel
CNN  -- A seven-year-old boy who spent a winter 's night lost in chilly conditions in the Australian bush says a friendly kangaroo is the reason he survived . South Australian police said Simon Kruger went missing in the Deep Creek Conservation Park , south of Adelaide , after wandering away from a family picnic shortly after 1.15 pm Saturday . A search party of about 40 , including two rescue helicopters , was mobilized to locate Simon , who was wearing just a fleece top and track pants and was not equipped for a night in the elements . The search party continued their efforts through the night , operating using parachute flares , before a rescue helicopter spotted him about 500 meters from where he had gone missing nearly 24 hours earlier . He was winched to safety shortly after noon Sunday , a police spokesman told CNN , having sustained minor injuries from his night in the wilderness . But what has drawn the most attention about the episode is Simon 's account of how he survived . "  Dad , I 'm okay - I slept under a tree and there were kangaroos , " were his first words to his father as he was reunited with his family , The Australian newspaper reported . His father , Etienne , told Australia 's 7 News said that his son had been picking flowers for his mother when a kangaroo approached him . "  A kangaroo came closer to him and ate the flowers from him , and the kangaroo fell asleep next to him , " Etienne Kruger told the network . "  I think God sent a kangaroo to keep him warm . " The boy 's mother , Linda Kruger , added : "  I think it was a miracle , when I smell his jacket , it 's kangaroo -- bush and kangaroo . " The Krugers had been confident throughout the search that their son would be found safe , with the father telling The Australian that his son was strong and resourceful . He told the Daily Telegraph newspaper Monday that his son was recovering well from his ordeal , and acting "  as if nothing had happened . " "  He 's had a nice shower last night and a good sleep , " he said . "  He 's certainly got something to tell at show and tell now . "	Boy , 7 , says kangaroo helped him survive a chilly night in the Australian bush He says he went missing from a family picnic after a kangaroo ate flowers he was picking He spent nearly 24 hours lost in in bush while a search party looked for him His father said the kangaroo was "  a gift from God "
CNN  -- A member of the Dutch royal family was severely injured in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort Friday , local authorities told CNN . Prince Johan Friso , 43 , a son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands , was skiing outside the bounds of the ski resort with friends at the resort of Lech am Arlberg when he was hit by an avalanche , a spokesman for the state of Vorarlberg said . No one else in the group was affected , the spokesman said . The prince was under the snow for a "  short period of time , " the spokesman said . He was wearing an electronic beacon that helped rescuers quickly find him , he said . The prince was airlifted to a hospital in Innsbruck , where he is in intensive care , authorities said . Doctors described the prince as stable but not out of danger , according to a statement from the queen . Lech am Arlberg is in Austria 's Vorarlberg state , a popular skiing area in western Austria . The region 's avalanche agency reported there was a considerable to great chance of avalanches in Lech on Friday . It cited new snowfall on top of a packed layer of snow that could cause snow slabs to slide off . The prince gave up his right to the throne when he married in 2004 without Parliament 's permission . He and his wife live in London with their two daughters . CNN 's Francesca Church contributed to this report .	Doctors say he is stable but not out of danger The prince is the son of the Dutch queen He was airlifted to a hospital in Innsbruck He is in intensive care
CNN  -- Adam Scott hopes his third Singapore Open title triumph on Monday will act as a springboard for an assault on golf 's four major tournaments next year . The Australian completed a final-round 68 after the tournament went into a fifth day following weather disruptions , finishing on 17-under-par 267 -- three shots clear of Denmark 's second-placed Anders Hansen . The victory , his first at Sentosa since the Asian Tour event became co-sanctioned by the European Tour last year , launched him back into the top-20 of golf 's world rankings . It was the seventh European Tour title of the 30-year-old 's career , and he will now turn his attention to claiming a maiden major title in 2011 . "  You just want your game to be in good shape when you get to Augusta -LSB- the Masters -RSB- or the U.S. Open , the British Open , PGA Championship , " Scott told the tournament 's website after following up his 2005 and 2006 successes . "  I have n't prepared myself very successfully over the past years , but I sit back at the end of every year and look back at what I 've learnt and how I can do things better . "  If I need to do them differently , I 'll do that in a couple of weeks when the season 's over . " The Adelaide native reached the top-10 of the rankings in 2005 and the following year achieved his best finish at a major -- tied for third at the U.S. PGA Championship . He spent over 180 weeks among golf 's elite , but his form deteriorated in the following few years and he dropped out of the top-50 in 2009 . Scott was happy with the form he showed in the rain-affected tournament at the Sentosa Golf Club -- his second success of 2010 after winning the PGA Tour 's Valero Texas Open in May -- although he admitted to finding the harsh weather conditions challenging . "  It was a great win but it was a tough week for us . Testing weather conditions with delays and even when we were on the course , it can get uncomfortable at times as it was not easy to play , " he said . Defending champion Ian Poulter endured a frustrating final round of 73 , slipping to a tie for sixth on 11-under after starting the day only three shots behind Scott . His Ryder Cup teammate Graeme McDowell shot 70 to finish joint third alongside Sweden 's Rikard Karlberg  67  on 14-under . Spain 's Miguel Angel Jimenez  66  shared eighth place with Keith Horne of South Africa  68  , with European Tour money-list leader Martin Kaymer -- the 2010 U.S. PGA champion -- down in 10th after closing with 69 .	Adam Scott wins the Singapore Open for the third time with a total score of 17 under par Australian won Asian Tour event in 2005 and 2006 before it became co-sanctioned Scott claims his second title of 2010 as he rises 21 places in world rankings to 20th Defending champion Ian Poulter fell away to finish the tournament tied for sixth position
CNN  -- Kaka converted a penalty in time added on to give holders Brazil a dramatic 4-3 win over Egypt who filed an official complaint after their Confederations Cup opener at Bloemfontein on Monday . Kaka celebrates after his last-gasp penalty gives holders Brazil an opening win in their Confed Cup victory . Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline in a desperate attempt to deny Brazil -- and Real Madrid 's recent $ 92million signing Kaka rifled home from the spot for his second goal of the game . But the decision by English referee Howard Webb to award the penalty upset African Nations Cup winners Egypt . They were unhappy that Webb initially blew for a corner but changed his mind after the fourth official , Australia 's Matthew Breeze , spoke to him after reportedly seeing television replays . "  Since when do the regulations say it is a penalty based on the monitors or on the television ? " asked Egypt 's deputy coach Shawki Gharib . "  Egypt is going to file a complaint against the penalty . " Brazil coach Dunga saw nothing wrong with the decision . "  It was a clear case of a penalty , " he said , adding that his team let a two-goal lead slip because they were tired . "  We had two tough  World Cup  qualifiers , 23 hours of travel and the time difference . The players have not been sleeping well so obviously we are quite happy with the win . " Substitute Giuseppe Rossi scored a brace to help world champions Italy stage a second-half recovery against 10-man United States and claim a 3-1 victory in their tournament debut in Pretoria . South Africa are staging the tournament as a warm-up for next year 's World Cup finals -- with Egypt struggling to qualify for 2010 after their recent 3-1 defeat against Algeria . But it looked as though Egypt were going to deny five-times world champions Brazil an opening victory in their defense of the Confederations crown after a fightback that saw Mohamed Zidan also score twice . Brazil were leading 3-1 at halftime with first-half strikes from Kaka  5 minutes  , Luis Fabiano  12  and Juan  37  with Zidan heading home Wael Gomaa 's cross on nine . It was all change early in the second half when Egypt drew level with two goals inside a minute . The first came when Sayed Moawad pulled the ball back from the left to Mohamed Shawky who blasted a superb strike beyond Julio Cesar . And Brazil were left reeling when Zidan pulled Egypt level seconds later . Brazil coach Dunga took off Manchester City pair Robinho and Elano soon after and replaced them with Benfica midfielder Ramires and Milan striker Alexandre Pato . And Kaka had the final say in a match played in front of thousands of empty seats despite FIFA president Sepp Blatter 's criticism that organisers had not done enough to sell tickets for Spain 's game with New Zealand on Sunday . Brazil next face CONCACAF Gold Cup winners United States on Thursday before facing world champions Italy on June 21 . Egypt play Italy on Thursday before meeting the U.S with the top two from each group go through to the semifinals . Italy were trailing 1-0 against the U.S. at the interval after Galaxy forward Landon Donovan fired his side ahead from the penalty spot after 41 minutes . The Americans were already down to 10 men following the dismissal of Ricardo Clark who was given a straight red card after 33 minutes for a foul on Gennaro Gattuso . But the introduction of Rossi just before the hour mark turned the game . The Villarreal striker blasted home from 30 yards to equalise on 59 minutes before Daniele De Rossi put Italy in front with 18 minutes left . Rossi then added the finishing touch in injury time as the Azzurri moved joint top of Group B alongside Brazil .	Kaka converts penalty to give holders Brazil a 4-3 Confed Cup win over Egypt Substitute Ahmed al-Muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline Egypt lodged complaint with FIFA claiming 4th official influenced ref 's verdict World champions Italy recover to defeat 10-man United States 3-1 in Pretoria
CNN  -- If someone had asked Kelly Pless to describe herself three years ago , the word "  fit " would have never crossed her mind . Kelly Pless weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest . She lost 95 pounds through diet and exercise . For most of her adult life , the 31-year-old graduate student from Sunny Isles Beach , Florida , has struggled with her weight . She started gaining as a teenager and by the time she graduated from high school , she was carrying 215 pounds on her 5 ' 2 " frame . Prom , she says , was a nightmare . "  I had to go to three different stores to buy a dress , " Pless said . "  I had to buy the biggest , also the ugliest , prom dress the store had because it was the only one that would fit . " After high school , she lost 50 pounds . But because she had n't done it in a healthy way , her weight crept back up to 220 pounds . At 28 , she started having trouble breathing and doctors told her the weight was to blame . She reached her breaking point . "  I remember being heavy and feeling like being fit just was n't something I could be , " said Pless . "  I remember feeling like even if I tried , it was n't something my body was capable of . " Despite her doubts , Pless decided to do something . Fortunately she did n't have to look far for inspiration . See before and after weight loss photos from CNN.com I-Reporters " "  My manager at the Kennedy Space Center ran marathons , and he was the same age as my father , " she said . Because her own father had diabetes and was in poor health , he seemed much older , she said . Over the next three to four months , she began walking , without any real goal or expectation . Pless believed that if she just focused on eating less and moving more , everything would fall into place . "  At first , it was hard to start exercising because I was worried people would make fun of me , " Pless said . "  But then I just told myself , if that 's the worst that could happen ... I just got out there and did n't care . " Eventually , she started to run or "  shuffle " as she jokingly recalls . She also adopted an "  eat to live " philosophy and satisfied her cravings for sweets by eating lots of fruit . "  I changed how I felt about food and what it meant to me , " said Pless , who occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate . "  One of the first things I cut out was cakes and cookies . That was my weak spot . After a few months of cutting those things out , I focused more on portion control , " said Pless . "  I pretty much eat when I 'm hungry and do n't eat when I 'm not and really try to pay attention to when those times are . Make sure I 'm not eating out of boredom or -LSB- at -RSB- social events , I try to make sure I 'm not overeating , just because everyone else is . " Kelly Pless shares her weight loss secrets " Pless pays close attention to societal pressure , which she believes is the reason many people overeat . Restaurant servings are about three times bigger than a normal portion size , she says . She makes sure she does n't overeat when dining out simply because the food is there . "  What 's hard is to change how you feel about foods that you love or that are n't necessarily good for you , or actually change how you look at food . That was the hardest part for me . " Instead of giving in to the temptation or convenience of calorie-laden or fatty foods such as cheeseburgers from the drive-through , Pless asks herself , "  What do I really want to eat ? Or , what does my body really want right now ? " All of the hard work and determination paid off . Pless has lost 95 pounds and kept it off for 1 1/2 years . As a result , she says , she 's healthier and more confident . She 's also set a new professional goal -- to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology -- so she can help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders . " -LSB- The -RSB- negative side to weight loss is that people treat people differently . Being fat was a good filter -- I 'm automatically treated better by people because I 'm thinner . Society is so hard on people who are overweight or obese , " said Pless . "  Now , those people think I 'm funnier or smarter . " Pless runs about 40 miles a week while she trains for two marathons she plans to run this winter . The first is in November in Las Vegas , Nevada , and the second is in Miami , Florida , in January . Forty pounds ago , the first thing she wanted to do once she lost the weight was to have a tummy tuck to remove all of the loose skin . But now , she said she ca n't imagine taking the break from running that recovering from surgery would require . "  Running has become a constant for me and does so much more for me than maintain my weight , which is now about 125 pounds , " said Pless . If her past is any indication of her future success , Pless will certainly cross the finish line . I-Report : Have you lost weight ? Share your story , tips and photos E-mail to a friend	Kelly Pless started gaining as a teen and weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest Exercise and an "  eat to live " eating philosophy helped her shed 95 pounds Pless started out walking but now runs 40 miles a week She is training to run two marathons this winter
CNN  -- Can you remember what you were doing 30 years ago ? In 1983 , Bjorn Borg retired from a glittering tennis career , the Nazi Klaus Barbie was officially charged with war crimes and the final episode of M * A * S * H was breaking TV records . More importantly , for the purpose of this exercise , millions of black and "  non-white " South Africans were living -- and dying -- in misery under a brutal apartheid regime . Whatever you were doing back then , I would think it unlikely that any single decision you made has shaped what has become of your life since . That 's not the case , however , for the young black cricketers that left the Caribbean to play in South Africa . For them , everything changed the day they boarded a plane for Johannesburg . They are the focus of CNN 's documentary "  World Sport Presents : Branded a Rebel . " In 1977 , the Commonwealth nations added a sporting ban to their campaign against apartheid in South Africa . By isolating the country 's teams and starving passionate and influential South Africans of their beloved sport , it was hoped their government would be forced into changing policies that discriminated against a majority of the population . As a result , cricket 's "  Rebel Tours " were highly controversial , unofficial , international matches that were organized in defiance of those sanctions . It was an issue that split the world 's cricket community right down the middle . The invited players that declined , such as England 's Ian Botham and West Indian Viv Richards , took a strong moral stance in opposition . Contact ` Branded as a rebel ' presenter Don Riddell on Facebook But , whether from England , Australia or Sri Lanka , the massive financial inducements were often too much even for some of the sport 's biggest names to refuse . For each of the seven tours , there was outcry , but it was the West Indies ' role that provoked the most outrage . These men did n't steal anything -- they certainly did n't kill anyone -- and they did n't break any laws , but their "  crime " was almost worse . They were condemned for supporting an abhorrent , racist regime ; effectively betraying their own race . Ironically , it was they who were isolated . They were banished from playing international sport and shunned by their peers and communities ; many were forced to relocate abroad . Only one ever played for the Windies again . Hardly anything has been written or broadcast about their two tours between 1982-84 , a period which has been described as one of the darkest chapters in the history of cricket . Whatever views have been articulated are typically negative , damning and highly critical of the players and those who funded and organized the matches . The common narrative is that they were mercenaries , traitors and rebels . But while the players ca n't deny that many were influenced by the money -- some were paid in excess of $ 100,000 for a month of cricket -- some would prefer to be known as missionaries . Pioneers . Crusaders . I knew it would n't be easy getting them to talk about their experience , just tracking them down was hard enough . For obvious reasons the West Indies Cricket Board , which had banned them , was n't much use . Some of the players like Herbert Chang and Richard Austin -- known to have struggled with substance abuse -- have effectively fallen off the grid . Trying to forget Of those we tracked down , it soon became clear very few had any interest in reliving the experience . It was n't the tours that they did n't want to revisit , but the judgment and condemnation they had endured since . Some players flatly declined , others wanted to be paid outrageous sums ; CNN 's policy is not to pay for interviews . Over a period of several weeks , myself and our producer Samantha Bresnahan had a series of exhaustive exchanges with the team 's captain Lawrence Rowe , a talented batsman who was forced to leave Jamaica and settle in Miami . We really thought he was close to giving an interview but ultimately he declined . I know he desperately wanted to tell his side of the story , a side which has never been heard before , but he was concerned his involvement would only reignite the controversy . He just could n't take the risk . I would say that the players who did speak with us had mixed reasons for giving their interviews . Franklyn Stephenson is known as the greatest player never to have played for the Windies , but he is proud of his involvement . He still treasures his tour blazer and the team photo sits proudly on his shelf . He genuinely believes that the tours helped to change attitudes in South Africa , claiming that for the first time in their lives , white fans were able to see that the black race was at the very least equal , if not superior , to theirs . Of all the rebel teams , the West Indies were the only one to win a Test match in South Africa . West Indian society 's ` running wound ' Collis King , a hero of the Windies ' 1979 World Cup final victory , felt the same . He was still angry at his treatment and we did n't have to scratch too far beneath the surface to find the bitterness still simmering . I believe that both men and the former wicketkeeper David Murray talked to us because they did n't have anything else to lose -- whatever the tour had once cost them , being associated with it could no longer hurt them . That 's not the case for the likes of Emmerson Trotman . Even if he had wanted to share his story with us and a global audience , he has been "  rehabilitated " as the current coach of the Barbados national team . That status could have been jeopardized by reminding everyone he was once a "  rebel . " As the regional historian Professor Hilary Beckles put it , the rebel tours still represent a "  running wound " in West Indian society . Stephenson , King and Murray all told me they had no regrets . King was very clear that he would never say sorry for going to South Africa . Others have apologized , in the hope the controversy would be laid to rest . It will be interesting to see the reaction to our program ; whether hearing a different perspective will change perceptions of the fateful decision these players made 30 years ago . And it makes you wonder , if you were ever put in their position , what would you do ?	Thirty years ago , a West Indies cricket team took part in unauthorized tours Sporting sanctions had been placed on apartheid-era South Africa The players who took part in the tours were branded as rebels , ending their careers Some remain defiant about their decision , but few have profited from it
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Wednesday that China 's currency is undervalued , resulting in a trade advantage for Chinese goods over American goods that contributes to the U.S. trade deficit . Responding to a question at a town hall-style meeting , Obama addressed one of the major current issues in relations between the world 's two largest economies . "  The reason I 'm pushing China about their currency is because their currency is undervalued , " he said , adding that " people generally think they are managing their currency in a way that makes our goods more expensive to sell there and their goods cheaper to sell here . " The resulting imbalance was a major factor contributing to the U.S. trade deficit , Obama said . Last week , Obama urged Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao to speed up the revaluation of the yuan currency , telling him in a two-hour meeting at the United Nations that the slow pace of reforms was affecting both the global and U.S. economies , a top U.S. aide said . The meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly followed a speech by Wen the night before in which he told the business community in New York that China will continue reforming and opening its markets under a policy it started in 1978 by officially ending decades of isolation . However , demands by U.S. lawmakers that China revalue its currency by more than 20 percent would bankrupt Chinese companies and lead to "  major unrest " in his country , Wen said in the speech . The U.S. House is considering a bill to allow the United States to retaliate against China 's handling of its currency . Jeff Bader , Obama 's special assistant and senior director for Asian affairs , said the president noted to Wen in their meeting last week "  that there had not been much movement since " China said in June that it would implement a more liberal currency policy . Obama told Wen that the Chinese inaction "  had consequences for the global economy and the U.S. economy , " according to Bader . Obama said the United States "  looked for a more rapid and significant revaluation in coming months , " Bader said . Bader declined to characterize Wen 's response to Obama , saying only that Wen "  did reiterate Chinese intention to continue with reform to their exchange system . " In remarks to reporters , Obama and Wen emphasized cooperation between their governments and the need for frank discussions on their differences . "  Obviously , we continue to have more work to do , " Obama said . "  On the economic front , although the world economy is now growing again , I think it 's going to be very important for us to have frank discussions and continue to do more work cooperatively in order to achieve the type of balance and sustained economic growth that is so important and that we both signed up for in the context of the G-20 framework . " Obama praised Wen for "  extraordinary openness and cooperation with us as we try to strengthen the relationship between our two countries , a relationship that is based on cooperation , on mutual interest , on mutual respect . " Wen noted that "  common interests far outweigh our differences " and that despite "  disagreements of one kind or another between our two countries , the differences can be resolved . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : The U.S. House is considering a bill to allow trade retaliation President responds to a question at a town hall-style meeting The issue is a major one between the world 's two largest economies
WIRED  -- Facebook has rolled out its new Timeline feature to the masses . This ultra-illustrative , chronological listing of posts , photos , shared links , check-ins , and more is a radically different arrangement than the Facebook profile you 've been used to . And now that your life can be exposed for everyone to see -- and scrutinize -- you may be interested in curating the new interface . Once you 've activated Facebook Timeline  go here to do so  , you 've got seven days to tweak it to make sure it 's just how you like before it goes live for everyone to see . Below are five quick tips on how to personalize , privatize , and generally get the most out of Facebook 's newest feature . It does n't take long to master the new interface , and it 's an important exercise for anyone interested in , well , reputation management . 1 . Privacy 101 : How to hide things You probably already know that Facebook has controversial positions on privacy . So you may now find that some things included on your Timeline are best kept from curious eyes . This could be anything from an embarrassing status message you posted in simpler social media times , to a rant your ex left on your wall a few months ago . To hide a Timeline element , click the pencil icon at the top of the offending post , then choose "  Hide from Timeline . " Easy . And please note : Any privacy settings you 've already set still apply to the Timeline interface . So the photos of you getting wild at last weekend 's kegger are still safe from Mom . If you prefer to keep your profile public , but do n't want everyone to see what you posted back in high school , for example , you can also tweak your Timeline settings more generally . Click the arrow next to your Home button at the top of the screen to access your Privacy Settings . Scroll down to "  Limit the Audience for Past Posts , " then choose "  Manage Past Post Visibility . " Now click "  Limit Old Posts " -- all 2 . Tell your life story : How to add past events Privacy , schmivacy ! Perhaps , you want the whole world to know the day you were born , the first time you rode a bike , and that debate club award you got in high school . These events are n't listed on your Timeline , but they can be . To add a status update , photo , place check-in , or life event to your Timeline , simply hover the mouse over the line in the center of the page until it turns into a plus sign , and reveals the option to add one of those four types of posts . Now , Facebook can accurately reflect your entire life -- and not just the events that occurred after you first signed on . 3 . Add some individuality : How to customize your Timeline There are a number of ways you can personalize your Timeline so it highlights the posts , pictures and events you cherish most . First , you can add a cover to your Timeline . Toward the top of your profile , above the buttons where it says "  Update Info , " you should see "  Add a Cover . " Once you click that , you can select an image from your photos , or opt to upload a new image . Once it loads , you can adjust the positioning of your cover image . If you set a cover photo and then decide it 's not as great as you first thought , just hover your mouse over the image , and a "  Change Cover " option menu will pop up , letting you reposition the image or select a new one . For photo albums you 've created , you can change the primary photo that displays  you could do this before , but now the process is different  . Simply click the pencil icon in the upper corner of the album post , and select "  Change Primary Photo . " You can also choose to highlight a post -- expanding it from a small , half-page-size post to a wide-screen version â $ " by selecting the star icon in the post 's upper-right corner . Conversely , you can click the star on a maximized featured post to make it normal again . 4 . Appearances matter : How to check out your Timeline from different angles If you decide to make a number of posts and photos private or hidden from your Timeline , you can still get the full , complete view of your Facebook action history . On your Timeline , click "  Activity Log . " There you 'll find posts and information you need to review before it publishes to your profile , as well as a complete look at your interactions on Facebook . This is log completely private to you . You can choose to filter what you see by clicking the "  All " dropdown menu at the top . You can choose to see only your posts , posts by others , posts from specific Facebook apps  "  Hmm , let 's look at my past Farmville accomplishments "  , photos and more . Like before , you can also check how others view your profile . Next to "  Activity Log " is a cog icon . Click that , and you can choose "  View As ... " and either enter a friend 's name or click the "  public " link to see how your profile looks to strangers . 5 . Information overload : How to organize friends and filter updates Now that your Timeline is all straightened out , you might as well do some house cleaning on what shows up in your Newsfeed . When you add a friend or follow someone 's public updates , Facebook automatically sets the level of posts you see to "  Most Updates . " You can change this by going to that profile , and clicking the "  Subscribed " button . You can change it to "  Only Important " updates or "  All updates , " and you can also filter what types of posts you 're interested in seeing : things like life events , status updates , or photos . And if you have n't done so already , you can organize friends into lists , a la the Google + Circles feature . Facebook Lists rolled out in September . Just go to the left-hand side of your Newsfeed page , click "  More , " and toward the bottom you 'll see "  Lists . " You can add friends individually to lists like Close Friends , Family , or Co-workers . You can click "  More " next to Lists to add other lists of your choosing â $ " "  Acquaintances , " "  Poker Club Members , " you get the picture . The average Facebook user has 130 friends , but I 'd venture to say that most of you reading this have far more than that , so this will help streamline your Facebooking experience . One last thing : If you 're one of those people who 's still into "  poking " your friends , you can still do that . Go to your friend 's profile , and the Poke option is listed under a gear cog dropdown menu next to "  Message . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Facebook 's Timeline profile layout is now available to all users You can organize friends into lists . Facebook Lists rolled out in September On your Timeline , click "  Activity Log , " where you 'll find posts and info to review Click the pencil icon at the top of an offending post , then choose "  Hide from Timeline "
CNN  -- Fighting spread through Syria on Saturday as rebels claimed to down a government jet and state media reported the killings of "  terrorists . " Activists said rebels shot down the plane in Aleppo province . A video distributed by activists shows men shouting "  God is great " as they rush to the scene amid celebratory gunfire . The video showed mangled wreckage , small fires and plumes of smoke . "  These are the aircrafts of the dog Bashar al-Assad , " one voice in the video said , referring to Syria 's president . Col. Ahmed Al-Faj , a Free Syrian Army rebel commander , read a statement in a YouTube video claiming responsibility for the downing . He said the plane was an Aero L-39 Albatros . In another video , rebel fighters in the Damascus suburbs claimed they took over an airbase brigade building after clashes . At least 141 people were killed across the country Saturday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Many of them were women , children and members of the rebel Free Syrian Army , according to the group . Of the dead , 30 died in Damascus and its suburbs and 17 were killed in Idlib province . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said al-Assad 's forces killed "  scores of terrorists " in operations across the country , while capturing or destroying heavy weaponry and ammunition-laden vehicles in Aleppo and other areas . An estimated 30,000 people have been killed in fighting in Syria since March 2011 when government protesters took to the streets calling for political reform . Al-Assad 's brutal crackdown on protesters spawned an armed conflict , which has bled over into Turkish territory . Meanwhile , rebel forces pressed toward the government-controlled Baba Amr district of Homs , where shelling continued in the embattled city , an opposition activist said . "  Everyday there are firefights between the regime and the FSA  Free Syria Army  in the Sultaniya neighborhood , " said opposition spokesman Abu Bakr . "  The FSA has a lot of battalions in Homs . There are many dead from both the regime and the FSA . " He added that "  very few civilians remain in the neighborhoods around Homs . " "  Three or four families live in Sultaniya , on one small street , " he said , noting that the electricity remains out and potable water is largely unavailable . "  The houses are all destroyed , there is nowhere else for people to live . " Historic Umayyad Mosque burning Amid the clashes , Aleppo 's landmark Umayyad Mosque caught fire , according to activists who say security forces took over the mosque , "  set it on fire from inside , and ran away . " Mohammed Saeed , an activist in Aleppo , told CNN that he saw the Syrian Army enter the mosque and ignite the building . There was no immediate government reaction to the opposition claims . State news reported , however , that security forces did eliminate a large number of "  terrorists " in operations targeting their gatherings around the mosque . Aleppo is a UNESCO World Heritage Site , dominated by an ancient citadel . The city also is a center for the art and was named Islamic capital of culture six years ago . UNESCO 's director-general expressed concern this week for possible damage to the mosque , the remains of which date to the 12th century . "  I am deeply distressed by the daily news about the extreme human suffering and the escalation of damage to cultural heritage throughout the country . We saw damage to the Citadel in July and the souqs 10 days ago , and the Umayyad Mosque , heart of the religious life of the city , one of the most beautiful mosques in the Muslim world , is being severely endangered -- the extent of which we do not know yet , " Irina Bokova said Thursday . Turkey to Syria : Do n't send arms through our air space Envoy visis Turkey amid escalating tensions The joint U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria visited Turkey on Saturday for talks aimed at putting a lid on boiling diplomatic tensions between Damascus and Ankara . Lakhdar Brahimi 's visit comes amid growing concern that the civil war could spill over into Syria 's neighboring countries and destabilize the region . Brahimi met with Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , who warned that Turkey "  will retaliate again if its border with Syria is violated again and if we feel that Turkey 's national security is in danger . " Meanwhile , Syria issued a ban Saturday on Turkish civilian airlines flying over Syrian airspace "  based on the principle of reciprocity , " according to a Foreign Ministry statement . The move comes one day after Turkey itself announced it will divert its planes to avoid Syrian airspace because it considers it unsafe . Syrian refugees in Turkey get food aid The U.N. World Food Programme started an electronic food card program for the thousands of Syrian refugees who 've fled to Turkey . Each Syrian family will receive an electronic card with 80 Turkish liras , or $ 45 , per family member per month . "  It allows Syrian families to shop and cook for themselves based on their own tastes and preferences , " says Jean-Yves Lequime , WFP Emergency Coordinator in Turkey . Turkey is currently hosting more than 93,000 Syrian refugees in camps . Turkish officials estimate an additional 40,000 to 50,000 unofficial refugees live in Turkey outside refugee camps . As U.N. falters , Syria 's conflict threatens regional stability CNN 's Samira Said , Hamdi Alkhshali , Chelsea J. Carter , Saad Abedine and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	At least 141 people were killed across the country Saturday A historic mosque is on fire in Aleppo Lakhdar Brahimi meets with Turkey 's foreign minister The scheduled talks come amid rising tensions between Turkey and Syria
Tens of thousands of radical Muslims marched toward the capital on Saturday to demand laws to target bloggers they said denigrated Islam and the Prophet Mohammed . The bloggers initiated a recent sit-in at Shahbagh Square demanding the death penalty for people involved in war crimes perpetrated more than four decades ago . Saturday 's marchers termed them atheists who should be brought to justice for blasphemy . The sit-in protesters at Shahbagh Square demanded the ban on Jamaat-e-Islami , the largest Islamic party in Bangladesh , which opposed the independence of Bangladesh in 1971 . Online activists who had a pioneering role in organizing the Shahbagh sit-in denied they were atheists . Muslim hard-liners under the banner of Hefazat-e-Islam on Saturday rallied against bloggers and authors . Meanwhile , some 25 liberal groups denounced the Hefazat rally and enforced a daylong general strike across Bangladesh , keeping capital Dhaka 's communications cut off with the rest of the country on Saturday . The Hefazat rally was supported by the large opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party and its allies , including Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami . Earlier in February , a blogger was slain in Dhaka , reportedly for an anti-Islamic posting . Police last week detained four bloggers on charge of damaging religious sentiment . The Hefazat rally branded the government as cohorts of the atheists and said they wanted it to meet 13 demands , including reinstatement of "  absolute trust and faith in the Almighty Allah " in the constitution and capital punishment for those who would denigrate Islam and its prophet . The demands included declaration of the Ahmadiyya Muslim sect as non-Muslim , a ban on free mixing of men and women , making Islamic education mandatory at all levels and no installation of any sculpture in any public place . American says he would die for justice in Bangladesh	Thousands want crackdown on what they perceive as blasphemy Bangladesh marchers unhappy with bloggers and authors Bangladeshi bloggers deny they are atheists
The British couple arrested after pulling their cancer-stricken son out of a hospital will not be charged , the Crown Prosecution Service told CNN on Tuesday . Brett and Naghmeh King were arrested over the weekend in Spain while authorities decided whether they would be charged and extradited back to Britain . On Monday , they said they would not return to the UK voluntarily , according to a Madrid court at which they appeared . The Kings say they had serious concerns about the medical treatment Ashya , 5 , was receiving at University Hospital Southampton . So they defied doctors ' orders and took him out . Hotel staff members in Malaga , Spain , recognized Ashya and his family from media coverage and contacted police . Ashya was taken to Materno Infantil Hospital in Spain , and that facility was communicating with University Hospital Southampton . The parents were taken into police custody . Brett King defended his actions in a YouTube video made shortly before his arrest . He accuses two doctors at the British hospital of not allowing him to seek proton beam treatment outside of Britain , even though he said he was ready to pay for the treatment himself . "  We pleaded with them for proton beam treatment . They looked at me straight in the face and said with his cancer , which is called medulloblastoma , it would have no benefit whatsoever . " King said he then looked on the Internet and found sites in the United States , France and Switzerland on proton beam treatment that "  said the opposite -- that it would be beneficial for him . " The Kings traveled to Malaga with their six children to sell a home they own there , in order to "  look for better treatment " for Ashya , said their Spanish lawyer , Juan Isidro Fernandez . The hospital in Southampton issued a statement saying doctors had discussed proton beam radiotherapy with Ashya 's parents . "  We very much regret that the communication and relationship with the King family had broken down in this way and that for whatever reason they have lost confidence in us , " said Dr. Michael Marsh , medical director at University Hospital Southampton . "  Our first concern is for Ashya 's welfare " Marsh said some tumors respond well to proton beam treatment , but "  there are some cases where there is n't the evidence that this is a beneficial treatment . " The hospital statement did not give specifics about Ashya 's case . The 5-year-old 's ordeal has captured the attention of British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  I welcome the prosecution against Ashya King 's parents being dropped , " he said Tuesday on Twitter . "  It 's important this little boy gets treatment and the love of his family . " In the United States , only a handful of hospitals offer proton-beam therapy after surgery , including Massachusetts General Hospital , where the late U.S. Sen. Ted Kennedy was treated for brain cancer in 2008 . He died just a year after his surgery for malignant glioma . That surgery was followed by six weeks of radiation . Kennedy wrote about his experience in a Newsweek magazine article at the time that he underwent proton-beam therapy . The theory behind proton therapy is that its high-energy particles home in on the tumor and so do not harm the surrounding healthy tissue as much as the X-ray photons in conventional therapy , said Dr. Donald O'Rourke , associate professor of neurosurgery at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .	Parents who took son with brain cancer out of a British hospital will not be charged They disagreed with the treatment he was receiving The parents were arrested in Spain , and the boy was brought to a hospital The parents want proton therapy
GENEVA , Switzerland  CNN  -- The Obama administration has been talking about "  pressing the reset button " with Russia after relations "  crashed " when Russia invaded Georgia last August . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton laugh about their "  reset ' button . When Secretary of State Hillary Clinton greeted Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Geneva on Friday before sitting down to their working dinner , she presented him a small green box with a ribbon . Inside was a red button with the Russian word "  peregruzka " printed on it . "  I would like to present you with a little gift that represents what President Obama and Vice President Biden and I have been saying and that is : ` We want to reset our relationship and so we will do it together . ' " Clinton , laughing , added , "  We worked hard to get the right Russian word . Do you think we got it ? " she asked Lavrov . "  You got it wrong , " Lavrov said . " Both diplomats laughed . "  It should be "  perezagruzka "  the Russian word for reset ,  Lavrov said . "  This says ` peregruzka , ' which means ` overcharged . ' " The question came up at the news conference afterward . "  In a way , the word that 's on the button turns out to be also true , " Clinton said . "  We are resetting , and because we are resetting , the minister and I have an overload of work . " Asked by a Russian reporter whether he had pressed the button , Lavrov said that he and Clinton did , indeed . "  It is big and red and I hope that Russia and the United States , and other countries will never press on another button which used to be associated with a destructive war , " he said . The "  overload , " Clinton said , is a broad agenda of issues . "  We are going to systematically go through each and every one of them , " she added . Clinton said the two sides will get to work on re-negotiating a follow-up to the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty and nonproliferation . On other issues like Afghanistan , the Middle East and Iran , Clinton said , "  We will work through them . " On issues where there is disagreement , Clinton said , "  We are keeping those on the list because , we think through closer cooperation and building trust in each other , we can even tackle some of those differences . " Lavrov agreed the burden of the agenda for the two countries is "  enormous , " but added : "  I do n't think either Hillary or I have any desire to be freed from any burden . " Clinton called the encounter "  a very productive meeting of the minds . " She said both Lavrov and she are "  very practical-minded " and will create a "  specific set of objectives and responsibilities " to present to presidents Barack Obama and Dmitry Medvedev before the leaders ' first face-to-face meeting in April at the G-20 meeting in London . On the START treaty , she said Russia and the United States intend to have an agreement by the end of this year when the treaty expires and are "  going to get to work immediately " on it . Lavrov was asked about Russian intentions to install S-300 missiles in Iran . He said the decision "  will be made exclusively on the basis of law in accordance with Russian law , and will be under expert control , which is one of the strictest in the world and of course in accordance with international agreements . " Lavrov said the weapons Russia provides to its partners are "  nondestabilizing , defensive weapons . " In an apparent reference to U.S. military supplies to Georgia , Lavrov said , "  We want our partners to act the same way and show restraint in military supplies to those countries where , including very recently , those weapons have been used very close to our borders . " Senior U.S. officials who briefed reporters afterward , however , said they had not read Georgia into the minister 's comments . They said the discussion ranged broadly over a number of areas and "  we now have a very substantive work agenda that they just outlined . " "  It would have been easier and in a first meeting almost natural to be much more general but in this case it was very focused and very productive in laying out steps , " one official said . On the proposed missile defense system the United States is considering installing in Poland and the Czech Republic , one official said , "  Minister Lavrov made it clear he had listened quite attentively to Secretary Clinton 's comments about missile defense ... and I think it 's got them thinking . "	United States , Russia want to "  reset " relations after years of tension Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gives "  reset " button to Russian counterpart Text on button actually translates to "  overcharged " Both countries want to renegotiate Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty
It is easy to see the Chicago teachers strike as an unfortunate incident that will soon pass . This is , after all , their first strike in 25 years . The norm is that the district and the Chicago Teachers Union have regularly negotiated their way to contracts every several years . So it might appear that , almost always , collective bargaining "  works . " But does it ? The purpose of the Chicago school system -- and of the American school system more generally -- is to educate children . The way to assess collective bargaining is not to ask whether it works to bring labor peace . It is to ask whether it promotes the interests of children in a quality education . And the answer to that question is no , it does not . Not even remotely . Opinion : America would be better off with more strikes Collective bargaining is not fundamentally about children . It is about the power and special interests of adults . In Chicago and elsewhere , the teachers unions are in the business of winning better salaries and benefits , protecting job security , pressuring for restrictive work rules and in other ways advancing the occupational interests of their members . These interests are simply not the same as the interests of children . And they inevitably lead , through the exercise of union power , to contracts whose countless formal rules are literally not designed to create an effective organization for schools . In fact , they guarantee that the schools will be organized in perverse ways that no one in their right mind would favor if they just cared about what is best for kids . Because of the formal rules that unions fight for in labor contracts , district leaders can almost never get bad teachers out of the classroom . Nor can they allocate good teachers to the schools and classrooms where they can do the greatest good for kids . Add to this that the evaluation process is a full-blown charade , and 99 % of all teachers , including the very worst teachers , are regularly given satisfactory evaluations . Also , teachers are paid based on their seniority and formal credits , without any regard for whether their students are learning anything . And so it goes . This is a school system organized for the benefit of the people who work in it , not for the kids they are expected to teach . Schools of thought : What are the key issues Collective bargaining is not the only arena in which jobs take priority over kids . It also happens in the politics of state and national governments , which should be governing the public schools in the best interests of kids , but are n't . A major reason is that the teachers unions are by far the most powerful political force in American education . The National Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers have some 4.5 million members between them , they are among the top spenders in state and national elections , they have activists in virtually every electoral district in the country , they have formidable lobbying machines and much more . They are among the most powerful special interests of any type in the country . What have they done with all this political power ? For more than a quarter century , this country has been frantically trying to reform and bring real improvement , effective organization , to the public school system . And the unions have used their political power to block or seriously weaken these efforts : by preventing the spread of charter schools , undermining true accountability for schools and teachers , resisting performance pay , protecting teacher tenure and in countless ways defending a poorly performing status quo . Very successfully . Every one of us pays the price . Our children are being denied a quality education , fulfilling careers and productive lives . The nation is losing precious human capital , its long-term economic growth is taking a direct and destructive hit and its position of leadership in the world is seriously threatened . Teachers : Why do you teach ? So , yes , Chicago 's teachers are out on strike . That is today 's news , today 's headline . But the real problem is much larger . It is that power over this nation 's key educational decisions -- in Chicago and virtually everywhere else -- is disproportionately exercised by special interests . Long after Chicago 's teachers are back to work , this problem will remain . The fundamental challenge facing our country is to find some way of solving it .	Chicago teachers are on strike for the first time in 25 years over contract disputes Terry Moe : Collective bargaining is about teachers ' jobs , not children 's education He says because of union rules , it 's very difficult to get rid of bad teachers Moe : Teachers unions have used their political power to weaken education reform
Key West , Fla.  CNN  -- It 's been nearly a week since two modern-day pirates walked into the Mel Fisher Maritime Museum in Key West , Florida , and made off with a $ 550,000 gold bar . Clear video images of the suspects and a reward that 's grown to $ 25,000 have n't yet brought a break in the case . "  This is n't like on television , " said Melissa Kendrick , executive director of the the museum . "  It does n't get solved in 22 minutes and a commercial . " Key West Police and the FBI have been working around the clock to solve the mystery , Kendrick said Tuesday . "  We are deeply grateful . " For 25 years , visitors to the museum in Key West , Florida , had the opportunity to lift the glittery piece of treasure in a special display case . No visitors or security guards were in the room the afternoon of August 18 when the gold bar was taken , but a video camera was . "  We 're hoping someone will see that footage and help us with a lead , " said Key West Police spokeswoman Alyson Crean . In the video , one of the two thieves approaches the case , does something and then walks away . While the security guard is out of the room , he comes back , breaks a piece of the case near an opening and removes the bar . He sticks it in his pocket and walks out . "  This is going to end up in somebody 's house probably used as a paperweight , " said Police Chief Donie Lee . "  Other than melting it down , which is the worst-case scenario for everyone . " The bar was recovered by treasure hunter Mel Fisher and his crew in 1980 from the shipwreck of the Santa Margarita , which sank 25 miles west of Key West . The Santa Margarita is the sister ship of the storied galleon Atocha , also worked by Fisher . The ships sank in 1622 . The museum 's 16.5-karat gold bar weighs 74.85 ounces . The uniqueness of the piece places the bar 's value at $ 550,000 , Kendrick said . Fisher , who died in 1998 , loved having the bar in a special reach-in case because it allowed visitors to make a connection with the find , she said . An expert in the recovery of art and artifacts said the thieves likely made a huge mistake . The market is small for high-profile items with distinguishing markings . "  We recovered paintings and artifacts that were missing for many years , " said Robert Wittman , founder of the FBI art crime team and author of "  Priceless . " "  They -LSB- thieves -RSB- kept them in their closets . They were white elephants . They made no money out of the deals . They were stuck . " CNN 's John Zarrella and Phil Gast contributed to this article .	Pair walked off with gold bar worth $ 550,000 Good video images at Key West museum have n't yet yielded suspects Thieves sometimes have difficult time unloading high-profile items
CNN  -- Spanish driver Nani Roma upstaged the pre-race favorites to set the early pace at the Dakar Rally in Argentina on Saturday . The day was marred by the death of a spectator who , along with other spectators , was struck during the race 's first stage . The others were being treated for "  slight injuries , " according to a statement by race organizers on the event 's Web site . The incident involved German driver Mirco Schultis and Czech partner Ulrich Leardi , the organizers said . Read more about spectator fatality at Dakar Rally Roma , who was 10th overall last year after being hit with a late time penalty , was the leading car driver in the first stage from Colon to Cordoba . The 37-year-old , who won the motorbike class in 2004 , was two minutes and seven seconds ahead of compatriot and two-time world rally champion Carlos Sainz in a Volkswagen . Roma 's BMW team-mate Stephane Peterhansel , a total nine-time winner of the endurance event in the car and bikes categories , was a further 43 seconds adrift following the 199-kilometer stage . Defending car champion Giniel De Villiers was four minutes and 31 seconds adrift in a Volkswagen in fifth , behind teammate Nasser Al-Attiyah of Qatar , while NASCAR racer Robby Gordon was sixth in a Hummer . "  In the end we were quite surprised by the time we achieved , " Roma told the race 's official Web site . "  But I 'm happy . We had a fright with the engine in the middle of the special stage and had to stop to make a few checks . But everything was running okay . I think it was an electrical problem , but since it was working , I preferred not to interfere with anything . "  It 's only just the start . We have n't really had a battle with the VWs yet . There is still a lot of the race to go . In any case , it was a good special stage for warming up . " David Casteu also upset the favorites as he led the motorbike class by a small three-second margin from fellow Frenchman Cyril Despres , with defending champion Marc Coma 12 seconds back . Riding a 450cc machine in comparison to his rivals ' 690cc KTM bikes , Casteu won a stage in the race for just the second time . "  I was riding at 150 kmph , but the bike held stable and is coping well . I hardly used any petrol . In fact , I had three times too much , " he said . Poland 's Rafal Sonik headed in the quad class , with fellow Yamaha rider Marcos Patronelli trailing him by one minute and 55 seconds . Russia 's Vladimir Chagin led the truck category by 27 seconds from Ales Loprais of the Czech Republic . The 14-stage race finishes in the province of Buenos Aires on January 16 , having also traveled into neighboring Chile . The event was staged in Africa and Europe until last year , having been canceled in 2008 due to security concerns .	NEW : Day was marred by death of spectator struck by a vehicle Nani Roma upstages pre-race car favorites to set early pace at Dakar Rally in Argentina Spanish driver leads two-time world rally champion Carlos Sainz by more than two minutes Roma 's BMW team-mate Stephane Peterhansel , a nine-time winner , was third
STONE MOUNTAIN , Georgia  CNN  -- Rosa Foster sat down at the kitchen table with a plate of fried chicken and a salad . Before taking a bite of food , she bowed her head and prompted her grandchildren to say the blessing . Rosa Foster is a single parent raising four grandchildren under age 19 . Foster , 54 , of Stone Mountain , Georgia , does n't just see the kids on weekends and holidays . They live with her full time . Foster is one of 2.5 million grandparents around the United States who are the primary caregivers for their grandchildren . In Foster 's case , she 's a single parent , raising four grandkids under age 19 . "  It has not been a picnic all the time , " Foster said . "  It 's been hard . " Hard may be an understatement , according to Nadine Kaslow , chief psychologist for Grady Health System in Atlanta , Georgia . "  There are many challenges for grandparents taking on grandchildren , " Kaslow said . "  Many grandparents are older when they take on grandchildren , so you may not have the energy you had as a parent in your 20s and 30s to be running around after toddlers . " Foster did n't have a choice . She said she was awarded custody of her daughter 's 2-year old son , Rakim , in 1991 . That was 17 years ago . She 's since taken in his twin sisters , Rosea and Ronea , now 17 , and 12-year-old Raquel . "  Some days I became a little sad and depressed and I would cry through baby feedings , but I still knew I had to keep the babies together . They did n't have anybody else , " Foster recalled . The unexpected demands of caring for grandchildren full time may have health consequences , Kaslow said . "  You often see people having aches and pains or headaches or stomach aches , " she said . "  It can be associated with more serious physical problems like elevated blood pressure or things that put you at risk for heart disease or stroke . " Health Minute : More on grandparent stress " Foster remembered sleeping only one or two hours a night while she worked two jobs trying to pay the bills . Kaslow said it is common for grandparents to feel the stress of financial demands when they 're a parent the second time around . "  Oftentimes you 're at a place in your life where you 're ready to take care of yourself , have more fun , plan for your own retirement , " Kaslow noted . "  Monies you were trying to save for your own future , you are now having to spend on your grandchildren . " She suggested that grandparents set priorities when it comes to their own career and work . While resources may be limited , she recommended trying to find financial help from state agencies , religious groups or other relatives . For those who may feel overwhelmed , she added , "  You do n't need to be the sole caregiver . It 's really important for you to reach out to other people in your support network , your immediate family , to get their assistance . " She also stressed the need for grandparents to take good care of themselves . Find time to exercise and eat a healthy diet . "  I recommend if you can , get someone to baby-sit the kids once a week or every other week , " she said . "  You really need time alone . " Does Foster ever get time for herself ? She chuckled , explaining that she has put her own life on hold for 17 years . But , she added , "  I would n't have it any other way . " Foster has some serious advice for other grandparents who may be in a similar position : "  Make sure you 're up for the challenge , because if you 're not , you 're going to break some kids ' hearts . If those kids are torn up a second time , they 're really going to be destroyed . "	2.5 million grandparents in the U.S. are the primary caregivers for their grandchildren Grandparents feel stress from financial demands as parents for the second time Expert : Grandparents should find time to exercise and eat a healthy diet
CNN  -- The family of a Chicago teenager whose beating death was caught on video hope that the attention the incident has garnered will spur healing locally , a relative said at a news conference Wednesday evening . Derrion Albert , 16 , was beaten to death last week . His death was captured on video . "  It should 've never happened , but it 's never too late , " said Rose Braxton , great-aunt of 16-year-old Derrion Albert . "  It 's time for healing to start getting our communities together so this wo n't happen to anyone else 's child ever again . " Four suspects have been charged with first-degree murder in the September 24 killing of Albert , and police say they are looking for three more people in connection with the beating captured on videotape . Prosecutors said that Albert , an honors student , was an innocent bystander who ended up in the middle of a street fight between two factions of students from Fenger High School . The incident caught the attention of the White House , too . The footage of the incident , which shows Albert being hit by a railroad tie , "  is "  chilling " and one of the most shocking things "  you can ever see , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Wednesday . President Obama 's concern over the killing did n't provide additional comfort to the family , "  but I 'm glad that it 's out there so everyone can see it and they know that , yes , this is happening , " Braxton said . "  This was vicious . How do you just come out and decide that you 're going to attack someone with a two-by-four ? " Braxton said . She spoke to reporters together with area community and church leaders . "  Maybe this will wake up and shake up people , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson said at the press conference , noting that three teens were killed in Chicago this week . Braxton said her message to the White House was simply , "  Do something . " "  We need to get to our children , " she said . "  Why are they so angry , so full of venom , that you would even consider doing something like that to another human being ? " Albert 's funeral was scheduled for Saturday at 10 a.m. at Greater Mount Hebron Baptist Church in Chicago . An amateur videotape shot by a witness , which has been broadcast widely , showed the attack unfolding . A local TV station that received the tape turned it over to police . When school let out at 2:50 p.m. on Thursday , Albert was on his way to a bus stop when two groups of students converged on the street , said Tandra Simonton , spokeswoman for the Cook County States Attorney . The factions , one that lived near the Altgeld Gardens housing development and one in an area known as "  The Ville , " began fighting after an earlier shooting that police called gang-related . According to Simonton , Albert was approached by two members of "  The Ville " faction and struck in the head with a long wooden railroad tie , then punched in the face . After being briefly knocked unconscious , Albert regained consciousness and tried to move from the fight , but was then attacked by a second group of five members from the opposing faction , Simonton said . Albert was taken to Roseland Community Hospital and then to Advocate Christ Hospital and Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said he asked the U.S. Secret Service to try to enhance the video so that others involved in the fight can be identified . Weis pleaded with anyone who may have information not to withhold it . "  The culture of ` no-snitch ' is unacceptable , " he said . "  On Thursday , a young man with a promising future lost his life to senseless violence , yet few have come forward . " Authorities are also considering charging people who participated in the fight but did not come into contact with Albert , he said . Asked about the killing as Obama prepares to travel to Copenhagen , Denmark , to lobby the International Olympic Committee to award Chicago the 2016 Games , Gibbs described the videotape of the attack as "  among the most shocking that you can ever see . " "  The killing of an honor student ... who 's beaten to death , is chilling , chilling video , " Gibbs said . Obama has emphasized parental responsibility in addressing chronic problems in low-income urban communities including school dropouts , drug use , gang activity and violence . Gibbs offered no explanation for the Chicago killing , saying , "  in many ways a lot of these crimes are amazingly hard to explain . " Whatever led to this specific attack , "  you ca n't regulate the hard issue , " Gibbs said . "  This is not a problem that government alone , as the president often says , at any level is going to be able to solve , " Gibbs said . "  This is going to take community involvement , it 's going to take parental involvement , it 's going to take the involvement of everyone to address what is obviously a sad and shocking problem . "	Victim 's great-aunt : Stop this from happening to "  anyone else 's child ever again " "  Maybe this will wake up and shake up people , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson says Derrion Albert , 16 , was beaten to death last week ; beating was captured on video Police still seeking other suspects related to Albert 's death
CNN  -- World No. 1 Roger Federer overcame an early scare to reach the semifinals of the Estoril Open in Portugal on Friday , but second-ranked Novak Djokovic 's defense of his Serbia Open title was ended by health problems . Federer was broken in the first game by French veteran Arnaud Clement but bounced back to win 7-6  9-7  6-2 as he continues his build-up to the French Open , which he won last year . Djokovic 's own hopes on the red clay of Roland Garros seem less positive after he was forced to retire having lost the first set of his quarterfinal 6-4 against young compatriot Filip Krajinovic at his home event in Belgrade . The top seed has been struggling all week with allergy problems and fatigue , according to his personal Web site . Federer is on track to win back the title he claimed on his only other appearance at Estoril in 2008 , but admitted he was not yet at his best ahead of Saturday 's semifinal clash with defending champion Albert Montanes . The Swiss star , who is closing on Pete Sampras 's record of 286 weeks at No. 1 , needed to save a set-point at 6-5 in the tie-break . "  I did n't play beautiful tennis . I had to play safe , which is n't something I 'm used to doing . I have always struggled against him and today you could see that , " Federer told the ATP Tour Web site . Fourth-seeded Spaniard Montanes moved into the last four by beating Uruguayan eight seed Pablo Cuevas 6-4 6-3 . He has lost all three previous encounters with Federer , two of them on clay . In the other semifinal , fifth seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez takes on world No. 133 Frederico Gil , having progressed when fellow Spaniard Alberto Martini retired due to illness . Gil went through after beating compatriot Rui Machado 4-6 7-6  7-1  6-3 in the first all-Portuguese quarterfinal at an ATP World Tour tournament . The 18-year-old Krajinovic , a wildcard entry , will play American third seed Sam Querrey for a place in the Belgrade final . Querrey defeated Russian Igor Andreev 6-3 2-6 6-4 to reach his fourth semifinal this season . The winner of that match will play either big-serving American second seed John Isner or Swiss No. 4 Stanislas Wawrinka . In Munich , top seed Marin Cilic reached the semifinals of the BMW Open by beating sixth-seeded Spaniard Nicolas Almagro 6-4 6-7  2-7  6-2 . The Croatian world No. 11 will next play fifth seed Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus , who beat 2007 champion Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-3 6-4 . Second seed Mikhail Youzhny , the runner-up for the past two years , also moved into the semis with a 6-1 6-3 win over Czech Jan Hajek . The Russian will next face world No. 45 Philipp Petzschner , who upset defending champion and third seed Tomas Berdych 1-6 6-3 6-4 .	World No. 1 Roger Federer reaches semifinals of Estoril Open in Portugal Swiss star , the 2008 champion , overcomes slow start to beat Arnaud Clement Novak Djokovic 's Serbia Open title defense ends when he retires in quarterfinal World No. 2 has been suffering with allergy and fatigue at his home event in Belgrade
CNN  -- Ewwwww . That about sums up how people are describing conditions aboard the Carnival Triumph on Tuesday as tugboats slowly drag the stricken cruise ship toward Alabama -- and freedom for its 3,143 passengers . Some on the ship reported sewage sloshing around in hallways , flooded rooms and trouble getting enough to eat after a fire in the ship 's engine room Sunday left it drifting in the Gulf of Mexico . Passengers dragged their mattresses onto the ship 's open deck to stay cool and get away from the nasty smells inside . "  The odor is so bad , people are getting sick and they 're throwing up everywhere , " said Brent Nutt , whose wife is aboard the ship . But not all passengers share the same dire view of the situation . A poster on the cruising forum cruisecritic.com said her sister reported passengers have enough food and are "  enjoying the extended vacation . " The fire is at least the second problem for the ship since late January , when it had an issue with its propulsion system , according to a notice posted to Carnival senior cruise director John Heald 's website . The company also recently repaired one of Triumph 's alternators , the company said Tuesday . However , there 's no evidence the alternator problem and the fire are linked , cruise line spokesman Vance Gulliksen said . Carnival CEO Gerry Cahill told reporters on Tuesday evening that the cruise line is using its full resources to assist passengers and family members in a "  very challenging " situation . "  No one here at Carnival is happy about conditions on board the ship , " Cahill said . "  We are very sorry about what is taking place . " Carnival expects the ship to arrive in Mobile on Thursday afternoon . Sunday 's fire came as the Triumph steamed about 150 miles off Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula on the way back to Galveston , Texas . The ship was on the third day of a four-day cruise . "  We all woke up and panicked , " passenger Donna Gutzman told CNN Houston affiliate KPRC . "  A couple other alarms went off and we started seeing smoke . " Read related : Cruise safety drill results in 5 deaths Triumph 's automatic fire extinguishing system kicked in and soon contained the flames , and no injuries were reported , Carnival said . But the fire knocked out the ship 's propulsion system and left the vessel slowly drifting in the Gulf until a second tugboat arrived Tuesday , joining one that had come earlier . The U.S. Coast Guard cutter Vigorous is also sailing nearby to provide assistance if necessary . The tugboats are towing the Triumph toward Mobile at a rate of 5 mph to 8 mph , Vigorous Cmdr. Greg Magee told CNN Tuesday . The cruise line said the ship was listing at 2 degrees , an improvement from a previous 4.5-degrees reading . Winds are causing the list , it said . Technicians aboard the ship were trying to restore power and provide more onboard facilities , Gulliksen said . Passenger Ann Barlow said the staff on the Triumph was doing a good job , but flooded rooms , hot , humid conditions , long lines for food and overwhelming odors were making things tough for passengers . "  It 's disgusting . It 's the worst thing ever , " she told CNN Monday . Barlow 's husband , Toby , said she told him there was "  sewage running down the walls and floors " with passengers being asked to defecate in bags and urinate in showers due to the lack of functioning toilets . The air conditioning is also out . But things were getting better , according to Nutt and Gulliksen . Read related : What caused the Costa Cruises ship disaster ? Gulliksen said Tuesday that there is running water -- cold only -- in some cabins . Most of the 23 public restrooms are working , said Cahill , along with some toilets in forward and midship cabins . The ship 's poolside restaurant was open until 10 p.m. Monday night and reopened again at 7 a.m. Tuesday . And , Gulliksen said , "  Carnival Triumph 's entertainment staff has planned various activities to keep guests entertained . " There are 1,086 crew members on the ship . Carnival also brought meals aboard from two other cruise ships , the cruise line said Monday . Earlier , Carnival said in a statement that hot coffee was available , among other options . Carnival initially planned to tow the ship to Progreso , Mexico , but strong currents that had pushed it 90 miles north by Monday night prompted the decision to move the ship to Mobile instead . The change also made it easier on the 900 passengers who do n't have passports , the cruise line said . Passengers will get a free flight home , a full refund for their trip and most expenses aboard , and a credit for another cruise , Carnival said . Carnival said it will provide 20 charter flights Friday to get disembarked passengers to Houston so they can take other flights home . About 1,500 hotel rooms have been reserved in Mobile and New Orleans . Sheila Gurganus , general manager of the Mobile cruise terminal , said medical personnel will be on hand to help anyone in need . There were no requests for such aid Tuesday afternoon , she said . Other agencies will help expedite the passengers ' return home . The incident has forced Carnival to cancel the ship 's next two departures , refund bookings for those trips and offer those passengers discounts on future cruises . The Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board launched an investigation into the cause of the engine room fire . Because the Carnival Triumph is a Bahamian-flagged vessel , the Bahamas Maritime Authority is the primary investigative agency . In 2010 , the Carnival 's cruise ship Splendor lost power after an engine room fire , leaving it drifting off the Pacific coast of Mexico . The USS Ronald Reagan ferried 60,000 pounds of supplies for the ship 's passengers and crew as the ship was towed to San Diego . Cahill told reporters the Splendor and Triumph incidents are very different . The Splendor had an explosion in a diesel generator . Richard Burke , chairman of the engineering department at the State University of New York 's Maritime College , told CNN he had "  no reason to believe that Carnival in any way is not a first-class operator . Nor do I believe that their ships are not good ships . I think they are just being unlucky right now . " Read also : Eight icy getaways CNN 's Joe Sutton , Dave Alsup , Sandra Endo , Chuck Johnston , Esprit Smith , Greg Botelho and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Cruise line apologizes , says it is using full resources U.S. agencies join engine room fire investigation Conditions are improving and activities are planned aboard the stricken ship , Carnival says Carnival says the cruise ship will dock Thursday afternoon
CNN Student News  -- October 9 , 2014 From news in Texas concerning the Ebola virus to a storm in the Pacific threatening Japan , we cover a lot of ground this Thursday . You 'll learn a Random Fact , see a comprehensive study in character , and hear about a new sport that people play feet-first . You 'll also see how the NFL is getting more live data than ever about its players . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- American Airlines mechanics will fix floor mounts in 48 of its 757s to prevent seats from coming loose , the airline said Thursday . Engineers figured out "  additional preventative steps " to upgrade the mechanism that locks the seats to the floor , an American Airlines news release said . The carrier said 50 Thursday flights were canceled and 44 on Friday would likely be scrubbed because of the work , which is scheduled to be finished by Saturday . 3rd American Airlines flight in a week experiences loose seats Three American planes had seats come loose while in flight , including a New York to Miami flight on Monday morning . "  American has instructed mechanics to pay particular attention to the seat lock plunger mechanism that secures the seat to the aircraft floor , " the carrier said . A spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration said the agency agreed with the decision to repair the seat problem at each plane 's next stop . "  Our safety investigation continues and we 'll take additional action as appropriate , " Kathleen Bergen said . No plane will be grounded and each fix should take about two hours to complete , spokesman Kent Powell added . He called the fix a "  longer-term resolution . " American Airlines has a total of 102 757s , but these 48 planes have the same model seats . Who wants to fly American Airlines ? The airline has also been beset recently by labor troubles , delays and flight cancellations . American , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year , persuaded a judge to throw out its contract with the pilots union last month . Since then , the pilots have been engaging in what the airline calls a slowdown that has caused the number of flights that are delayed and canceled to skyrocket . More than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month alone . Airline management has blamed the situation on pilots filing what it claims are frivolous reports about aircraft problems . The pilots union has denied management 's assertion . After incidents with airline seats , readers let loose CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Joe Sutton contributed to this story .	NEW : 94 flights canceled so airline can fix the seats problem Mechanics will work on the planes after they reach their next destination The airline says they will focus on the device that locks the seats to the floor Three American Airlines flights experienced loose seats while in the air
UK spy chief Robert Hannigan called on big U.S. tech companies to do more to help governments combat terrorism Tuesday , as he described social media as "  a terrorist 's command-and-control network of choice . " In an opinion piece written for Britain 's Financial Times newspaper , Hannigan , the new director of UK government eavesdropping agency GCHQ , said there must be greater cooperation from the private sector to tackle the threat . His comments play into the continuing debate over the conflict between people 's right to privacy online and governments ' need to ensure national security , intensified by the revelations last year of former NSA contractor Edward Snowden over mass government surveillance programs . In a rare public statement , Hannigan accused U.S. tech companies of being in denial over terrorists ' use of the Internet . "  They are exploiting the power of the web to create a jihadi threat with near-global reach . The challenge to governments and their intelligence agencies is huge -- and it can only be met with greater co-operation from technology companies , " he said . The extremists use such platforms as Twitter , Facebook and WhatsApp to reach their target audience in a language they understand , Hannigan said . Their methods include making use of popular hashtags for other stories in the news , such as Ebola or the World Cup , to disseminate their message , he said . They create slick videos and have learned that showing the full extent of their brutality turns people off , he said -- hence their posting of videos of beheadings that stop short of showing the moment of death . Information requests Google , WhatsApp , Facebook and Microsoft have not yet responded to a CNN request for comment on the spy chief 's call for more cooperation . A public policy communications officer for Twitter , Nu Wexler , said the company was not able to break out how many of the requests for information made to it by governments relate to terrorism , but he said Twitter is suing the U.S. government for the ability to do so . In the six months that ended on June 30 , Twitter received 78 account information requests from the UK government , its Transparency Report shows . Some information was produced in 46 % of those cases . Over the same period , 61 % of all worldwide requests for account information received originated from the United States , with 1,257 requests in total . Some information was produced in nearly three-quarters of cases . ` Noisy channel ' for radicalization Hannigan , who took the reins as GCHQ director on Monday , said that ISIS militants show an alarming ease with new media that presents a new challenge for authorities . "  Terrorists have long made use of the internet . But ISIS 's approach is different in two important areas , " he said . "  Where al-Qaeda and its affiliates saw the internet as a place to disseminate material anonymously or meet in ` dark spaces , ' ISIS has embraced the web as a noisy channel in which to promote itself , intimidate people , and radicalise new recruits . " If Britain 's intelligence and security agencies are to combat this effort , private sector firms -- including the largest U.S. technology companies that dominate the Web -- must do more to facilitate lawful investigations , he said . "  I understand why they have an uneasy relationship with governments . They aspire to be neutral conduits of data and to sit outside or above politics , " he said . But , he said , "  However much they may dislike it , they have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals , who find their services as transformational as the rest of us . " The new generation of extremists is also helped by the additional encryption measures now widely available to users of the Internet and smartphones , Hannigan said . "  These are supplemented by freely available programs and apps adding extra layers of security , many of them proudly advertising that they are ` Snowden approved , ' " he wrote . "  There is no doubt that young foreign fighters have learnt and benefited from the leaks of the past two years . " Recent efforts by Google and Apple to encrypt their latest smartphones in ways that would prevent law enforcement from accessing certain private data have alarmed the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation . FBI Director James Comey told reporters in recent weeks that he was "  very concerned " that the companies were "  marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves above the law . " ` Lost insight ' A former top U.S. intelligence official also told CNN last month that ripping the cover off secret U.S. surveillance programs had pushed foreign terrorists underground and out of intelligence services ' reach . "  We 've lost collection against some individuals , people that we were concerned about we are no longer collecting their communications , " said Matt Olsen , who until September led the National Counterterrorism Center . "  We lost insight into what they were doing . " Snowden , whose massive leaks on intelligence-gathering programs resulted in espionage charges from the U.S. government , has been living in Russia for the past year . In an interview in May , he said he had no choice other than leaking the highly classified information , since he believed the Constitution was being violated .	New chief of UK spying agency says big tech firms must cooperate in fight against terror GCHQ director Robert Hannigan says ISIS is skilled in the use of social media platforms They "  have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists , " he says In the Financial Times , Hannigan says intelligence agencies face a huge challenge
CNN  -- Footage of the beating of a New Jersey man , who was forced to strip naked for a belt-whipping over an apparent $ 20 debt , has garnered the attention of Newark city officials after the online video went viral . "  Take everything off right now . You 're moving too slow , " a man yelled in shaky cell phone video , which shows him whipping the naked victim as others crowd around . Moments before the August assault , a man handed the assailant his belt as the cameraman appears to spray the victim , now 21 , with a clear liquid . "  Your father owe me money . Take everything off , jeans , everything , " the male voice said . The video then shows the man being whipped 49 times as others laugh in what appears to be a gang-related attack , according to Newark Police Director Samuel A. DeMaio . Three men were charged for aggravated assault , conspiracy , possession of a weapon , and robbery after they allegedly stole $ 20 from the victim . A 25-year-old woman who was present during the attack has also been arrested on drug charges , which include alleged "  possession of 20 bricks of heroin . " On Wednesday , Newark Mayor Cory Booker called the incident "  shocking , " "  disturbing " and "  a blow to the conscious of our community . " He said it points to a "  subculture of violence we have to address . " "  This is not who we are , " said Booker , who then admonished those who may have witnessed the attack , but failed to report it . "  We do not tolerate this level of cruelty . " The victim 's father apparently owed the assailant $ 20 , according to police and multiple voices heard on the video . Newark Councilman Ronald Rice called the video "  a documentation of our dysfunction . " Talk Back : Should there be penalties for posting violent videos ? CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this report	A 25-year-old woman was arrested for alleged "  possession of 20 bricks of heroin " 3 men were charged for aggravated assault , robbery , possession of a weapon Newark Councilman Ronald Rice called the clip "  a documentation of our dysfunction "
CNN  -- Fact : The most underrated cute animal on the face of the planet is the walrus . Sure , it 's a 4,000-pound , breathing pile of assorted blubbery walrus parts , but so are most Americans . Thus , who are we to judge the walrus . Besides , IT HAS A MUSTACHE ! And that has to count for something . Even if it means they 're the unintentional hipsters of the animal kingdom . So , yes , they 're super fat and toothy , and they probably like bands you 've never heard of , but walruses are still cute . And if they happen to do fun party tricks like sit-ups or playing a saxophone or PBR keg stands , it 's all over . Cuteness overload . Reward the walrus with fish . The same applies to Wilford Brimley : If he performs , feed the man . "  Thanks , Wilford . Have a mackerel . " But here 's the thing Walruses are n't really ... walruses . Apparently , now , they are officially known as wordbanks . And here 's why . About a week ago , 39-year-old Jim Ruderer of Hillsborough , New Jersey was just washing dishes in his home while his wife , Heather , rummaged through papers in their son 's school folder . Heather walked over to Jim , did n't say anything , and just showed him one particular assignment from their son , Jonas . And it was hilarious . You see , Jonas , who is in kindergarten , had incorrectly identified a seal as a walrus from a word bank of several different arctic animals in a matching exercise . Which , mind you , is easy enough for anyone to do . Especially a five-year-old . But that 's not the funny part . The seal labeling was just a small mistake . And , to his credit , Jonas did correctly identify the shark . And the polar bear . And the arctic hare . And the arctic fox . Just not the seal . Or the walrus . For that one , he chose ... wordbank . As in , the heading from the box where the various animal names were printed . "  Heather and I could not stop laughing , " Ruderer explained to me . "  Jonas asked what was so funny , but flitted off to play with his brothers and sisters before we could work out what to say . " So , eventually , being a modern parent , Jim did what was absolutely necessary -- he posted Jonas ' school assignment on the website Reddit . This was on Wednesday evening , right before Jim started making dinner . Ruderer says that , amazingly , by the time they began eating , an image of his son 's schoolwork was already the most popular post on the main page . "  I 've never topped Reddit before , " he says . "  So , it was kind of exciting to see it well-received . " And then Reddit did what Reddit does . It went mildly insane . By the time Ruderer and his wife started putting their five children to bed , pictures of walruses labeled as "  wordbanks " started showing up everywhere , including several Beatles-themed images . I am the wordbank . Goo goo ga joob . Quite simply , Ruderer had created an Internet ... thing . The next day , the walrus/wordbank situation got even stranger as more images and mentions started showing up on Twitter , Tumblr , Instagram and Google + . It was a modern phenomenon , and walruses had officially become wordbanks . Of course , Ruderer says , Jonas does n't totally understand what 's going on , but nevertheless likes the idea of being in the news and knowing that people found humor in his schoolwork . And he 's sticking with it . Ruderer explained , "  He just started saying ` wordbank ' a lot . Which is pretty much what Reddit did , too . " And it could n't have happened to a finer animal , for the walrus deserves a moment in the spotlight . Especially before they all die . Despite their blubbery adorableness , they are a stark reminder that being overweight is no laughing matter . It can lead to heart disease and diabetes . So , you check your blood sugar , and you check it often . "  Thanks , Wilford . Have a mackerel . " Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Jim Ruderer of Hillsborough , New Jersey shared his son 's schoolwork on Reddit His son , Jonas , misidentified a walrus as a "  wordbank " Walruses online are now being called wordbanks ... because the Internet
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi said Friday that elections taking place this weekend would not be "  free and fair " but that her party still hoped to win as many parliamentary seats as possible . Suu Kyi , who was released in 2010 by Myanmar 's military rulers after years under house arrest , said that she believed there had been voting irregularities , illegal activities and intimidation either committed or encouraged by official entities . But Suu Kyi , a pro-democracy figure and Nobel Peace Prize laureate , said at a news conference outside her residence in Yangon that she did not "  at all regret having taken part " because the election campaign had raised political awareness among Myanmar 's population . Worldwide attention is focused on the April elections , which are seen as a test of the Myanmar government 's commitment to removing the fear and paranoia of citizens silenced by nearly five decades of military rule . The government has invited in hundreds of foreign journalists and election observers to witness the voting . The vote , in which credible alternatives to the ruling party will appear on the ballot , was called to fill seats vacated by the promotion of parliamentarians to the Cabinet and other posts last year . Suu Kyi 's party , the National League for Democracy  NLD  , is in competition for 44 of the 45 seats up for grabs in the by-elections . It had boycotted previous elections . Its candidate in one constituency has been rejected by the election commission because his parents had taken up foreign residency , Suu Kyi said , adding that the party planned to challenge the candidate 's exclusion later . The international community has applauded recent steps toward greater openness in Myanmar , also known as Burma , long secluded from the rest of the world after a military junta grabbed power in 1962 . The generals are loosening their grip after international sanctions and criticism over their regime 's human rights record . So far this year , the regime has agreed to negotiate with an ethnic rebel group and pardoned hundreds of political prisoners . Top diplomats from the United States , Britain and France have made recent visits to the country after decades of shunning it . Suu Kyi said she believed President Thein Sein , a former general who has taken civilian office , wished for democratic reform , but that she was uncertain how much support he had , notably from the military . She told the hundreds of journalists gathered outside her residence Friday that she did n't plan on becoming a minister in the military-backed civilian government , if a position was offered to her . Under Myanmar 's constitution , lawmakers ca n't hold ministerial office . Asked where she would place Myanmar 's democracy on a scale of one to 10 , Suu Kyi quipped , "  We 're trying to get to one . " She mentioned two recent physical attacks against NLD candidates , which she said she thought were actions of individuals rather than state-sponsored acts . In one of the attacks , somebody used a catapult to fire betel nuts at a candidate 's car , she said . Some people in Southeast Asia chew betel nuts as a mild stimulant . The daughter of Gen. Aung San , a hero of Burmese independence , Suu Kyi herself became an inspiration with her long struggle for democracy in the country . She quietly defied Myanmar 's military junta for years from from the prison of her crumbling Inya Lake villa in the former capital , Yangon . Suu Kyi , 66 , is now a candidate for the parliamentary seat in Kawhmu , a contest analysts say she is all but certain to win . Results are expected about a week after the voting . Suu Kyi has been crisscrossing the country to attend election rallies where she is often greeted like a rock star . But her busy schedule has taken its toll : earlier this week she had to suspend campaigning after falling ill . On Friday , she said she felt somewhat "  delicate , " but was in good enough spirits to joke about her health . She told the reporters at the news conference that if they asked "  any tough questions , I 'll faint straight away . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Yangon , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong .	Worldwide attention is trained on by-elections in Myanmar over the weekend Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi says the vote wo n't be ` free and fair ' But she says she does n't regret participating , as the campaign has raised awareness The international community has applauded recent steps toward greater openness in Myanmar
