CNN  -- It all seemed in place for Eugenie Bouchard in Saturday 's Wimbledon final . She was the people 's favorite , surged to semifinals at the Australian Open and French Open , and Britain 's Princess Eugenie -- who the tennis player was named after -- looked on from the Royal Box . Ten years ago , Bouchard 's idol , Maria Sharapova , won Wimbledon as the 13th seed . Bouchard , who shares the Russian 's enormous appetite for titles and competitiveness , happened to be seeded 13th this fortnight . But Bouchard 's coronation will have to wait , since none of the above mattered to Petra Kvitova . Canada , too , will have to wait for a maiden grand slam singles champion . Kvitova became the Queen of Wimbledon once again when the powerful , left-handed Czech crushed Bouchard 6-3 6-0 in a mere 55 minutes for a second crown at tennis ' most prestigious tournament , claiming the $ 3 million first prize . It was the most lopsided Wimbledon women 's final since Steffi Graf routed Monica Seles 6-2 6-1 in 1992 , not what anyone expected given Bouchard 's battling qualities -- and the fact she had n't dropped a set before the final . "  I thought Bouchard was going to win , " Britain 's 1977 Australian Open finalist John Lloyd , a longtime tennis analyst at Wimbledon , told CNN . "  I was thinking that Bouchard , who is just an animal -- and I mean that in a form of flattery , sort of in your face , confident , poised -- would get enough balls back and rush Petra . "  Petra was just seeing the ball like a football . " Closing the roof for the trophy presentation with rain on the way took almost as long as the second set . No matter what happens in the months leading into Wimbledon , former world No. 2 Kvitova -- who will rise to fourth in the new rankings -- appears to instantly feel at home at the All England Club . Whereas she has n't reached a grand slam quarterfinal outside Wimbledon since the 2012 French Open , she 's progressed to at least the last eight at tennis ' most famous postcode of SW19 five straight times . Her flat , booming ground strokes thrive on the grass , and the lower bounces are to her liking . With rallies generally shorter , she does n't have to hit as many balls -- so can limit her unforced errors . Bouchard , at 20 the youngest female grand slam finalist in five years , simply did n't face anyone of Kvitova 's caliber this tournament . Nerves were n't a factor , as they were for Sabine Lisicki in last year 's final against Marion Bartoli . "  She has weapons , " Bouchard , who took home $ 1.5 million for her efforts , told reporters . "  We know that when she 's on , she 's very tough to beat , especially on this surface . " An aggressive player , even Bouchard took a backseat in that department to Kvitova , but that was little surprise since the latter always does the dictating . Kvitova 's focus , crucially , never wavered . She finished with glittering statistics of 28 winners and only 12 unforced errors . Bouchard 's figures were n't bad , though : Eight winners and four unforced errors . Kvitova won 82 % of her first-serve points and broke six times . "  There might have been some players who could have been able to keep her off balance a bit with a bigger serve , like a Serena  Williams  , but I would have to say her display was one of the best I 've ever seen from a woman at Wimbledon in terms of ball striking , " said Lloyd . Not known for her scampering , Kvitova for good measure won the point of the final when she retrieved like Rafael Nadal and struck a slice-backhand passing-shot winner to hold for 3-1 in the first set . "  Really for the first time I said , ` Oh , my God , this is good , ' " Kvitova , who cried as she addressed the crowd , told reporters . "  I can really run and put everything back . I was there . I was 100 % ready for everything . " Her running forehand cross-court pass deep in the second was almost as good , and Kvitova ended matters with a sizzling cross-court backhand winner prior to raising her arms and falling to the grass . On this form , it wo n't be the last time Kvitova celebrates on Centre Court . One of her tasks now is to land a grand slam title outside London . "  I hope it 's now going to be easier for me , " Kvitova said . Once she broke for 2-1 in the first set , the 24-year-old was never threatened . Bouchard saved three break points to hold for 2-3 -- but it was her last hold . The second set took 23 minutes , with Bouchard claiming 10 points total . At least Bouchard -- who will become the highest-ranked Canadian woman in tennis history at No. 7 when the new list is released on Monday -- can say the fans were heavily behind her . "  Even on court today I felt some special support from the crowd , " she said . "  It 's humbling to receive all this support . It 's special to hear that people want me to do well and believe in me . " In Sunday 's men 's final , Roger Federer tries for an eighth Wimbledon title against top seed Novak Djokovic . But the duo will have a difficult job of matching Kvitova 's impeccable outing . Read also : Djokovic and Federer reach men 's final	Petra Kvitova beats Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard to take Wimbledon title The Czech wins 6-3 6-0 in just 55 minutes , hitting 28 winners and only 12 unforced errors Kvitova has now triumphed on the grass of Wimbledon twice following her 2011 success Bouchard fails in her bid to become Canada 's first grand slam singles champion
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Myriad Genetics , a Utah-based company , vowed Wednesday to "  vigorously defend " itself against a legal challenge to its patents on two human genes linked to breast and ovarian cancers , its attorney told CNN . A lawyer in the case says patenting genes would be like patenting an eyeball removed from someone . "  Myriad strongly believes its patents are valid and enforceable and will be upheld by the courts , " said Richard Marsh , the company 's general counsel . The American Civil Liberties Union is suing Myriad , arguing that patenting pure genes is unconstitutional and hinders research for a cancer cure . Marsh said the company is aware the lawsuit has been filed but has not yet been served any legal documents . "  We do intend to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights , " Marsh said . He noted a 1980 U.S. Supreme Court decision related to gene patenting that he said cleared the way for "  tens of thousands of genetic and genetic-related patents " to be granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office . The ACLU , joined by the Public Patent Foundation , an organization affiliated with Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law of Yeshiva University , filed the lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in southern New York against the Patent and Trademark Office , Myriad Genetics and the University of Utah Research Foundation . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss the lawsuit " Myriad and the research foundation hold patents on the pair of genes -- known as BRCA1 and BRCA2 -- that are responsible for many cases of hereditary breast and ovarian cancers . The ACLU says that patenting the genes limits research and the free flow of information , and as a result violates the First Amendment . "  Knowledge about our own bodies and the ability to make decisions about our health care are some of our most personal and fundamental rights , " said ACLU Executive Director Anthony D. Romero . "  The government should not be granting private entities control over something as personal and basic to who we are as our genes . " The lawsuit also challenges genetic patenting in general , noting that about 20 percent of all human genes are patented -- including genes associated with Alzheimer 's disease , muscular dystrophy and asthma . "  It is absolutely our intent that upon victory this will rend invalid patents on many other genes , " said Dan Ravicher , executive director of the Public Patent Foundation and a patent law professor at Yeshiva University 's Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law . "  We just had to pick one case as our case . " Ravicher offered an analogy to describe the plaintiffs ' argument , saying , "  It 's like saying if someone removes your eyeball ... just because you remove the eyeball and wash it off , that does n't make the eyeball patentable . "  Now if they create another eyeball out of plastic or metal , then you can patent that . " More than 192,000 U.S. women get breast cancer diagnoses each year , and about 5 to 10 percent of those cases are a hereditary form of the disease , according to the National Cancer Institute . Mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 -- short for breast cancer 1 and breast cancer 2 -- are involved in many cases of hereditary breast and ovarian cancers , the institute said . "  A woman 's lifetime chance of developing breast and/or ovarian cancer is greatly increased if she inherits an altered BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene , " according to the institute . Myriad 's patents give it exclusive right to perform diagnostic tests on the genes , forcing other researchers to request permission from the company before they can take a look at BRCA1 and BRCA2 , the ACLU said . The patents also give the company the rights to future mutations on the BRCA2 gene and the power to exclude others from providing genetics testing . The company also charged $ 3,000 a test , possibly keeping some women from seeking preventative genetic testing , the ACLU says . "  Women whose doctors recommend genetic testing should be able to find out whether they have the gene mutations linked to breast and ovarian cancer so that they are able to make choices that could save their lives , and these patents interfere with their ability to do so , " said Lenora Lapidus , director of the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project . The plaintiffs in the lawsuit include several patients and more than a dozen universities , genetic specialists and medical associations , such as the Association for Molecular Pathology and the American College of Medical Genetics . At least one expert said the ACLU should focus more on getting the patents reversed than arguing whether they are constitutional . "  I doubt they 're going to get far with an argument that the patent is unconstitutional , " said Arthur Caplan , director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania . "  A better argument would be that they were wrong when they granted the patent , " he added , referring to the patent office . Caplan said patents are privileges , not "  carved in stone . " He said that the defendants may have identified the genes , but did n't actually work on them . So , the government could reverse the patents on the genes . "  It 's like trying to patent the moon , " he said . "  You did n't do anything to create it , just discovered something that already existed . You ca n't patent things that are publicly available , that anyone can find . You have to create something , make something , do something with the thing . " CNN 's Stephanie Smith and Caitlin Hagan contributed to this report .	NEW : Myriad Genetics vows to "  vigorously defend " itself against a legal challenge ACLU sues on behalf of universities , genetic specialists and medical associations It says patenting genes is unconstitutional , inhibits ability to find cancer cure Patents give company exclusive right to perform diagnostic tests on the genes
CNN  -- Spaniard Jorge Lorenzo will miss the final race of 2011 MotoGP season in Valencia this weekend as he continues to recover from a finger injury . The Yamaha rider required plastic surgery to repair a damaged ring finger on his left hand after a crash in Australia three weeks ago . Lorenzo , 24 , is guaranteed second place in the world championship due to the 48-point lead he holds over third-place Honda rider Andrea Dovizioso . Australian Casey Stoner has already secured this year 's world championship . Japanese test rider Katsuyuki Nakasuga will replace the 2010 world champion for Sunday 's race in the Spanish port city . "  Lorenzo continues to make good progress in recovery following plastic surgery to repair damage to the ring finger of his left hand sustained in Phillip Island three weeks ago , " read a statement on the sport 's official website . "  The Mallorcan 's injuries require further recovery time to allow him to ride at a competitive level . " This weekend 's race will be the first since Italian rider Marco Simoncelli was tragically killed in a crash in Malaysia on October 23 . A 16-meter wall bearing the 24-year-old 's racing number of 58 has been erected at the circuit for fans to leave their own personal tributes to the Italian . In addition , riders will gather on track prior to Sunday 's season-ending race to their own tribute to Simoncelli -- who raced for the Honda team .	Jorge Lorenzo will miss the final race of the 2011 MotoGP season The Spaniard is still recovering from plastic surgery on his finger Sunday 's race in Valencia is the first since the death of Marco Simoncelli
CNN  -- The father of a 9-year-old boy who hopped a flight from Minnesota to Las Vegas last week tearfully told reporters Wednesday that he 'd previously asked for help to address the boy 's behavior problems , but no one responded . "  Somebody help me , please , " the father , who did not reveal his name , told reporters between sobs at a news conference hosted by the MAD DADS fathers ' organization in Minneapolis . The boy "  was n't listening .  He does  what he wants to do . " A MAD DADS spokesman said Wednesday that Hennepin County officials are now offering to step in with services and programs . Authorities have been trying to figure out how the boy slipped past security and airline gate agents at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport last Thursday and boarded Delta Flight 1651 to Las Vegas without detection . The boy , who had left home the day before , went through security with other passengers , the Transportation Security Administration said . Patrick Hogan , a spokesman for the airport , said that surveillance video shows the boy briefly talking to a Delta gate agent before the flight . A short while later , the video shows that the agent became "  distracted , " and that 's when the boy was able to sneak through and board the plane , he said . Hogan said the crew later "  became suspicious of the child 's circumstances . " Crew members got in touch with authorities in Las Vegas and turned the boy over to Child Protective Services , Hogan said in a statement . Detained in Nevada , the boy will be returned to Minneapolis because that is "  where issues will be addressed , " a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN . It was unclear when he would return to Minnesota ; the MAD DADS spokesman said he believes it could happen Friday . Drawing a sweatshirt 's hood tightly to his face to obscure his identity , the father said Wednesday he tried to ask assistance from police and social service officials because of his son 's previous indiscretions , including allegedly stealing a vehicle just days before the flight . He turned his back to television cameras . "  I 've been asking for help . No one stepped up to help , " the dad said , head bowed . Social workers reportedly are no strangers to the boy . The Minneapolis Star Tribune reported this week that Janine Moore , area director of the Hennepin County Human Services and Public Health Department , wrote in an e-mail to agency officials that child protective workers investigated the boy 's family life four times . "  The reports have been inconsistent and there have been no injuries to the child ; however , there is a pattern of behavior , " the newspaper quoted her as saying in the e-mail . The "  pattern of behavior " included sneaking into an area water park and a recent arrest on suspicion of stealing a vehicle , she wrote , according to the newspaper . The agency did not immediately return a CNN telephone message seeking comment on the Star Tribune report . The newspaper reported there is an investigation into whether the boy 's mother , who works at the Minneapolis airport , helped him fly to Las Vegas . The paper did n't report who was conducting that investigation . The father said Wednesday that his son left home October 2 after indicating he was going to take out the trash . From that North Minneapolis neighborhood , it appears he rode a train to the airport , said the MAD DADS spokesman , sitting next to the father during the news conference . "  I 'm not perfect . We assumed he was at a friend 's house , " the father said of that night . The boy 's mother , noticing he had n't come home , took Thursday off to call around and report him missing . Authorities told the family later that day that the boy took the flight to Nevada , the father said . Police detained the boy on October 1 on suspicion of stealing and driving a truck , the father said . He said his son did n't fully understand what he 'd done . "  He told the police officer he thought he was playing ` Grand Theft Auto , ' " the father said . The MAD DADS spokesman added that the family does not own the video game . The truck had keys in the ignition and was stolen out of a business parking lot , according to a police report . Officers received a tip that its driver appeared to be a child . When police drove the son home after the truck incident , the dad asked whether he could discipline the boy by "  whupping " him . The officer replied that if he did , the father would be put in jail , the father said . "  If I whup my son , I get locked up . If I let my son keep on doing what he 's doing , I get in trouble . Somebody please help me . Please , " he said . The boy also was suspended from school in September because of a fight , according to the dad . The father -- who said he 's tried "  working side by side " with his son , including helping with homework and taking him to the father 's workplace -- added that agencies told him previously there was n't much they could do because the boy is a minor . MAD DADS -- Men Against Destruction , Defending Against Drugs and Social Disorder -- said it would offer the dad support , including possibly mentoring the boy . CNN 's Bill Kirkos and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Boy sneaked past a "  distracted " gate agent ` Somebody help me , please , " dad says , referencing son 's behavior problems The boy hopped a flight from Minnesota to Las Vegas last week Dad : The boy stole a truck and was suspended from school for fighting
Washington  CNN  -- When it comes to 2016 , Hillary Clinton is in no rush to decide about another run for the White House . This amid mounting speculation that Clinton will launch another bid , and with everything she says , and every move she makes , scrutinized for signals of where she stands when it comes to her political future . "  I 'm not in any hurry . I think it 's a serious decision , not to be made lightly , but it 's also not one that has to be made soon , " Clinton told New York Magazine in her first interview since retiring as secretary of state at the beginning of this year . Far from her denials in interviews at the beginning of the year , when she told CNN that she had "  absolutely no plans to run , " Clinton now appears to be wrestling with a decision , saying in the New York Magazine interview that "  I will just continue to weigh what the factors are that would influence me making a decision . " Hillary Clinton on 2016 run : ` I 'm realistic ' Even as Clinton 2016 story count keeps rising many Democrats both inside and outside Clinton World agree that , because of who she is , she does n't need to be the first one out of the gate to announce her 2016 intentions . "  There is definitely no rush for Hillary to decide about 2016 , " said Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala . "  As someone who wants her to run , I still understand that she has lots of time . No one should try to rush Hillary on this . She has earned the right to advance her mission in the foundation . Hillary has earned the unique status she has today , and there is no need for her to be pressured into diving back into the political swamp . " Thanks to her name recognition , the former first lady , senator from New York and secretary of state is the overwhelming frontrunner in early 2016 surveys . In the most recent survey , conducted earlier this month by CNN/ORC International , nearly two-thirds of Democrats and independents who lean toward that party said they were likely to back Clinton as their presidential nominee . Vice President Joe Biden came in a distant second , at 10 % , with freshman Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts at 7 % , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 6 % , and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley at 2 % . The CNN survey was in line with previous polls from other organizations conducted earlier this year that indicated Clinton was far ahead of all the other possible Democratic contenders . Begala , who was a senior political adviser to President Bill Clinton , said Hillary Clinton 's "  time horizon and the whole rest of the party 's time horizon are very , very different , " adding that "  anybody else has got to start to lay the groundwork " much earlier than Clinton . " "  Hillary has more time than anyone else . And that 's why her friends , and I 'm one of them , are saying she can take her time . She does n't need to build name identification . She does n't even need to build a roster of donors . " Translation : Do n't expect to see Clinton make a stop in Iowa , New Hampshire , or South Carolina anytime soon , as some of the other potential 2016ers , such as O'Malley and even Biden , have already made . Clinton already has a superPAC named "  Ready for Hillary " actively raising money in support of a possible 2016 bid . And the political action committee that Begala advises , "  Priorities USA , " which was formed in 2011 to back President Barack Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign and spent millions on TV ads critical of Mitt Romney , could play a similar role for Clinton should she run again . Asked if there is a concern that if Clinton waits too long , some big name donors and influential Democratic politicians could stray to other 2016 candidates , Begala said such a scenario is "  not a concern at all . " Not all Democrats agree . "  She is the prohibitive favorite , but the dynamics of the race change the longer someone waits . So the question is how long can she wait , " said Chris Kofinis , a Democratic strategist and a veteran of the Wesley Clark 2004 and John Edwards 2008 presidential campaigns . "  If she gets in early , she sucks up the oxygen , the money , and the grassroots . She could basically kill the field . " Palin : Hillary Clinton ill-suited to be president When it comes to polling , Clinton 's standing now compares to her situation the first time she ran for president , when she was the Democratic favorite in the early years of the 2008 presidential cycle . She was the front-runner in CNN polling from mid-2005 through 2006 , prior to her January 2007 announcement that she was forming an exploratory committee , which formally kicked off her presidential fundraising and campaigning . By then , Sens. Barack Obama of Illinois and Chris Dodd of Connecticut , Biden , former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina , and Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico had all jumped in . Pelosi : Hillary Clinton more ready for White House than husband , Obama were Clinton and Obama eventually went on to battle each other in a historic primary season , which ended with Clinton ending her bid for the nomination in June 2008 , at the conclusion of the primary calendar . Ben LaBolt , a veteran of three presidential campaigns , suggests there may be a middle ground for Clinton . "  Secretary Clinton faces a paradoxical choice : If she announces that she 's re-entering the political fray , scrutiny on her would be heightened exponentially . Yet even without an announcement , the press and her potential opponents are already treating her like she is running , " said LaBolt , who served as a deputy press secretary for Obama 's 2008 campaign and national press secretary for the 2012 re-election campaign . "  The solution might be to ensure trusted advisers are working from the outside to manage rapid response , cultivate donors and study her prospective competitors ' records to lay the groundwork for a run for as long as possible without jumping two feet in . " Clinton herself downplays any imminent announcement , saying such speculation is n't good for the country . "  It 's like when you meet somebody at a party and they look over your shoulder to see who else is there , " Clinton said . "  And you want to talk to them about something that 's really important ; in fact , maybe you came to the party to talk to that particular person , and they just want to know what 's next . I feel like that 's our political process right now . I just do n't think it is good . "	Hillary Clinton tells an interviewer that she 's wrestling with a 2016 decision Analysts say that because of name recognition and stature , she should be in no hurry Public opinion polls show Clinton as the overwhelming favorite among Democrats Clinton herself says such speculation over 2016 is n't good for the country
CNN Student News  -- Students will identify contemporary applications of the U.S. Constitution . Procedure As a class , review the articles and amendments of the U.S. Constitution . Next , print out a copy of the Constitution . Cut out each of the articles and amendments , and post them on a large bulletin board . Next , direct students to print and online news sources to find as many examples of news stories that are connected to the Constitution as they can . Examples might include : Direct students to print or cut these stories out and bring them to class . Collect all of the stories in one pile . Challenge each student to pick a story , read it , and identify the specific constitutional article or amendment that a person would associate with it . Then , have each student post his or her news stories under the appropriate constitutional article or amendment on the bulletin board . Curriculum Connections National Standards for Civics and Government I . What Are Civic Life , Politics , and Government ? II . What are the Foundations of the American Political System ? III . How Does the Government Established by the Constitution Embody the Purposes , Values , and Principles of American Democracy ? The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/912erica.htm  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Keywords Constitution , executive branch , legislative branch , judicial branch , amendments , Bill of Rights , current events , news stories E-mail to a friend	Students will identify contemporary applications of the U.S. Constitution .
CNN  -- President Obama 's State of the Union address predictably focused on his domestic priorities . Immigration reform , a laundry list of economic initiatives including infrastructure improvements  Fix it First  , clean energy , some manufacturing innovation , a bit of educational reform and the rhetorical high point of his speech -- gun control . As in years past , foreign policy made up only about 15 % of the speech , but even within that usual limited attention , Tuesday night 's address pointed to few new directions . On Afghanistan -- America 's longest war -- Obama expressed just a continued commitment to bringing the troops home , ending "  our war " while theirs continues . On Iran , there was a single sentence reiterating the need for a diplomatic solution , which makes me think that a big diplomatic push is not likely . On North Korea , boilerplate promises to isolate the country further after its provocative nuclear test , and on Syria , a call to "  keep the pressure " on the regime , which means more watching from the sidelines as the horror unfolds . Notably , China was mentioned only twice -- once in the context of jobs , and another time with respect to clean energy . Nothing about managing what could very well be this administration 's most vexing but critically important bilateral relationship . Obama 's call for a reinvigorated free trade agenda was his boldest foreign policy statement of the evening . He is right to note that free trade "  supports millions of good-paying American jobs , " but his pledge to pursue a "  comprehensive Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership " -- a free trade agreement with Europe -- will run into significant opposition from organized labor , especially given ongoing weaknesses in the economy . Without fast track negotiating authority , the prospects for such a deal are minimal . Fast track authority , which allows the president to negotiate trade deals that Congress can then only approve or disapprove but not amend , expired in 2007 , and it would require quite a breakthrough for Congress to approve it again . Still , despite these challenges , an agreement is worth pursuing . Aside from a free trade agreement with Europe , there was little else in this State of the Union that hinted at foreign policy ambition . But unpredictable events have a way of derailing America 's best laid plans to stay above the fray of the world 's messiest problems . Who could have predicted just a few months ago that Mali would get a mention in the State of the Union ? Iraq -- not uttered once tonight -- could re-emerge as a formidable crisis ; Iran , Pakistan and North Korea also have tremendous potential to erupt . While this administration seems determined to focus inward on getting America 's economic and fiscal house in order , I doubt events in the rest of the world will be so accommodating . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isobel Coleman	Isobel Coleman : Obama mainly addressed domestic issues : economy , immigration , energy He spoke very little about and offered nothing much new on foreign policy , she says Coleman : He talked about ending Afghanistan War , spoke briefly about Iran , Syria , China Coleman : His reinvigorated free trade agenda seems to be the boldest move
CNN  -- When my airplane touched down in Birmingham , Alabama , I could not stop grinning . The trip last weekend fulfilled a lifelong dream to visit all 50 states . At age 31 , I reached my goal . Alabama may not be at the top of many travel wish lists -- it was n't on mine -- but its layered history offers many memorable experiences . I took an airport selfie right away , holding a map of the USA on which I proudly wrote , "  I 've been to ALL 50 states ! " It 's a map my dad pulled out of a phone book when I was a kid , penciling in the year we checked off each state . I 've carried that simple map along on my travels , slowly filling it in . Collecting states is a family tradition . My sister Mary reached 50 states when she was 21 and two of my uncles reached it in their 40s . My father has been to 49 states and my mother has been to 48 . By the time I was a year old , I had been to 10 states , and by the time I was seven , I 'd visited 25 . Over the past four years , I 've traveled frequently for work , often visiting 20 to 25 states a year , and I have been to most states multiple times . There 's a lot of debate around what counts as a visit . Some people believe you need to stay overnight or eat a meal . Others count airport layovers . In my family , we say you need to stand on the ground in the state . Despite all of my travel , I 've had to make a handful of dashes across a border to cross off a state still on my list , but even those trips create lasting memories . When I was 22 , my cousin Maureen drove my sister , other relatives and me from her home in Memphis across the borders of Mississippi and Arkansas . The occasion for our visit was very sad : Her mother had just died from ovarian cancer . But driving us to neighboring states is what her mom would have done if she were alive to help us with our goal , Maureen said . For North Dakota , Oklahoma , and New Mexico , I tacked solo road trips onto business travel in neighboring states , driving up to 600 miles round-trip just to check off a state . In the other 45 states , I 've spent time meeting people who live there , sampling the food and the local attractions . I 've had Whoopie pies in Maine , Skyline Chili in Ohio , hush puppies in North Carolina , fried dill pickles in Texas , huckleberry ice cream in Montana and poke in Hawaii . 50 states , 50 spots for 2014 I 've lived in seven states from coast to coast , and I do n't identify any one of them as home . The nation is my home , with its diverse landscapes , communities and landmarks . Plus , a college degree in history heightened my curiosity about the places I 've studied . History is filled with a mixture of tragedy and triumph , and Alabama certainly fits . Capping off my American tour in Alabama was a meaningful way to end , but in truth visiting Heart of Dixie last was accidental . I thought a trip to a wedding in Hawaii with my partner Mark in January would fulfill my goal and I even bragged about it on Facebook . But then I dug up my dad 's map on the day of our flight and saw that both Alabama and New Mexico were blank . Oops . So the quest continued . I visited New Mexico in February and my mom said she 'd meet me in Alabama in May . She flew from Florida while I came from Virginia . We planned a trip centered around heroines of history and literature . In Montgomery , we stood at the very spot where Rosa Parks boarded the racially segregated bus in 1955 and refused to give up her seat . A number of other women , many of whom worked at the nearby university , had been brainstorming a bus boycott and jumped into action that night . After 13 months , their boycott worked . We drove down to Monroeville , the hometown of Harper Lee , where we watched a play based on her 1960 book "  To Kill a Mockingbird " at the courthouse that inspired the setting in her book . The 1903 courthouse is now a museum with exhibits about Lee and her famous neighbor Truman Capote . This literary classic ranks among my favorite books , and it felt likes stepping back in time to see the volunteer actors perform it in Lee 's hometown . Before the performance , we followed a walking tour map to Mel 's Dairy Bar , the spot where Lee 's childhood home had once stood and paid silent homage to her . The literary tour continued in Irondale because my mom and I love the Towanda-power of the movie "  Fried Green Tomatoes "  1991  and the book that inspired it , "  Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop CafÃ © "  1987  by Fannie Flagg . Flagg 's great aunt co-owned the Irondale CafÃ © , which was the inspiration for the fictional cafÃ © . As a steady stream of trains whistled by , we tucked into greasy , tasty fried green tomatoes and other Southern cuisine . Back in Birmingham , we took another look at some of the state 's most troubling past at the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church -- where four girls died in a bombing -- and Kelly Ingram Park -- where white people attacked unarmed black children protesting segregation . Both events occurred in 1963 at the height of the civil rights movement . Visiting the sites highlighted for us the bravery of those seeking equality and the brutality of those who opposed them . We spent hours at the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute . When we started , there were students running all around us , noisily doing a scavenger hunt , but by the end , we were alone , absorbed in the exhibits . . From slavery to segregation to the heroic tactics to end it , the institute tells the gripping , moving story of change through printed words , audio clips and film . Women were appropriately honored for their crucial role , especially their on-the-ground organizing , something that too many history books and people overlook . From visiting national parks and historic landmarks to meeting kind and interesting people in big cities and small towns alike , I 've had many memorable trips . But learning more about and honoring women I admire , both real and fictional , with the added benefit of spending time with my mother , puts the Alabama weekend near the top of the list . And of course , thanks to this trip I finally have the bragging rights to say I 've been to all 50 states ! Do you have a 50-state goal ? Share your stories and photos with iReport and tell us about your experiences below . Holly Kearl runs the nonprofit organization Stop Street Harassment , works for UN Women and the OpEd Project , and is an adjunct professor of women 's studies at George Mason University .	The goal of visiting all 50 states is a tradition in author Holly Kearl 's family Kearl just visited her 50th state with a visit to Alabama Her Alabama itinerary included literary and civil rights history
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The passage of health care will certainly rank as one of the major political achievements of recent decades . Legislation that will eventually extend health care coverage to more than 30 million more Americans , greatly expand the number of options that citizens have when purchasing health care , bring healthy citizens into the pool of the insured and thus lower costs and create important regulations on health care companies will be remembered as one of the biggest domestic policy changes since the Great Society of the 1960s . While most attention will focus on President Obama for pulling off a Herculean task that eluded many of our great presidents , U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi emerges from this battle as the real powerhouse in Washington . She has pursued a clear ideological agenda but through pragmatic political tactics . Like the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , she stands for something , yet knows how to round up votes . Since the 2008 election , Pelosi has been the most reliable leader Democrats have had . She has delivered on almost all of the legislation that the White House sent to Congress , even as her colleagues found themselves frustrated by a Senate that seemed incapable of governance . At three critical points in the health care debate , Pelosi delivered . First , she assembled a center-left coalition around the original House bill in November by pushing through a controversial amendment related to abortion that brought moderate Democrats on board with the legislation . Second , when many Democrats , including top presidential advisers such as Rahm Emanuel , contemplated breaking up the bill after the Massachusetts election , Pelosi stood firm and defended holistic reform . She "  kept the steel in the President 's back , " Democrat Rep. Anna Eshoo told Politico . Finally , in the past week she displayed the kind of vote-gathering skills that have been displayed by legendary figures such as Speaker Sam Rayburn of Texas . From the start of Obama 's presidency , Pelosi has argued that Democrats should focus on maintaining partisan unity rather than on achieving bipartisan coalitions . She has implored her colleagues to act with confidence rather than out of fear . Her goal has always been to find ways to keep Democrats together rather than bringing Republicans on board . In an era where partisan polarization makes true bipartisanship impossible , this is the most effective and realistic approach for Democrats . Her philosophy echoes the beliefs of another powerful leader who said : "  Show me a nation without partisanship , and I 'll show you a tyranny . For all its faults , it is partisanship , based on core principles , that clarifies our debates , that prevents one party from straying too far from the mainstream and that constantly refreshes our politics with new ideas and new leaders . " That was from a farewell statement by Republican Majority Leader Tom DeLay . Although Americans tend to focus on the presidency and give credit to the office for what does or does not happen , we often ignore the central role that Congress plays . During the 1930s and 1960s , legislators were essential to the success of the New Deal and Great Society , often pushing Presidents Roosevelt and Johnson in directions they were too scared to take . Rather than the cartoonish caricature that Republicans often use of Pelosi as a left coast , left-wing fanatic , she is something much more powerful -- and threatening to their party . When Kennedy died , many Democrats wondered who would take his place as the party 's deal-maker . Now they have their answer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	After Democrats lost 60-vote Senate majority , some wanted to scale back health bill Speaker Nancy Pelosi fought to keep the bill comprehensive , says Julian Zelizer He says she combines strong ideology with ability to amass needed votes Zelizer says Pelosi has emerged as powerful dealmaker for Democrats
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A judge revoked Lindsay Lohan 's probation Monday and the actress was ordered to appear in court Friday , a Los Angeles court spokesman said . Lohan acknowledged through Twitter postings Friday night that she failed a recent drug test and that she was "  prepared to appear before judge Fox next week as a result . " Judge Elden Fox signed a bench warrant for Lohan 's arrest but is holding it until a hearing at 8:30 a.m. Friday , according to Los Angeles Superior Court spokesman Allan Parachini . Lohan 's supervised probation for a 2007 drunken driving conviction requires frequent drug tests . The judge warned her last month any failure could send her back to jail . "  Regrettably , I did in fact fail my most recent drug test and if I am asked , I am prepared to appear before judge Fox next week as a result , " Lohan tweeted Friday evening . She spent 23 days in a court-ordered drug rehab program last month , which followed a 13-day jail stint imposed when a Los Angeles judge ruled that Lohan violated her probation . Fox , who took over Lohan 's case when she was released , imposed a new set of rules for her to follow until November . It included weekly counseling sessions for alcohol and drug rehabilitation , random drug tests and behavioral therapy . "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away overnight , " Lohan tweeted . "  I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . " Lohan tweeted that she was "  doing what I must do to prevent any mishaps in the future . " "  This was certainly a setback for me , but I am taking responsibility for my actions and I 'm prepared to face the consequences , " she tweeted . Lohan made fun of her substance abuse troubles in a backstage skit broadcast during last Sunday 's MTV Video Music Awards . She appeared with show host Chelsea Handler , who was wearing an alcohol-detection bracelet like the one Lohan recently wore . "  Wake up , Handler , pull it together , " Lohan said as she slammed Handler against a wall . "  You 're a menace . Do you think anyone will work with a drunk ? Take it from me , they do n't . " Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later , when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Lohan used Twitter to acknowledge she failed a drug test The actress must appear in court Friday The judge warned Lohan any failed tests would mean a return to jail
CNN  -- Seoul is a bit of curio . On the surface it 's as modern as any city could hope to be , addicted as it is to technology and modern design . Let me entertain you , Korean-style . Bars and karaoke rooms abound in entertainment areas . Yet among the blocky skyscrapers and highways running through the sprawling city like monuments to the country 's rapid industrialization , are vestiges of the 600-year-old capital . Mountains , parks and 16th century palaces are in stark contrast to the neon and noise of the city 's shopping and entertainment areas . Duck off one of the main boulevards like Saemunangil in the center of the city and you can discover one of pulsating areas where Seoulites relax -- often in city 's thousands of restaurants , bars and noraebang  karaoke bars  that should feature in even a flying visit . Home to over 10 million people , the best policy is to make the most of just a few of the city 's districts . Start near City Hall in Myeongdong , a downtown area close to some of the city 's best sites and shopping  located on and around Myeong-donggil  and all within a walkable distance . Steps away from City Hall subway station is one of the city 's Joseon dynasty palaces , Deoksugung , where you can sample a quieter side of Seoul . It 's the site of one of Korea 's King Seonjo 's residences ; he turned the old aristocratic house into a palace in 1593 . If you 're in the city on Sunday , a reenactment of the changing of the guards takes place outside the main gate ; false beards are moustaches are attached as the brightly colored guards go through the motions . A few minutes from the palace is the decent National Museum on Contemporary Art , where international and Korean artists get a regular showing . The tranquility of the palace grounds are a great contrast to much of the rest of the city -- not far away original parts of old Seoul 's city walls can still be seen in mountains to the north . For a closer inspection of Seoul of old , history buffs can get their fill at the Seoul Museum of History , twenty minutes walk from Deoksugung Palace . Better is to push on another 20 minutes from the museum and you 'll hit Gyeongbokgung , the largest and grandest of the city 's palace grounds . To save pounding the concrete there hop in a taxi -- standard cabs are white , but for the sake of a bit more legroom , shinier leather seats , and twice the cost , black deluxe taxis are also cruising the streets . In true Seoul tech style , many are equipped with a free digital translation service , useful as many drivers do n't speak much English . The preserved village of Bukchon lies between Gyeongbok Palace to the west and Changdeok Palace to the east , where you can wander around restored timber houses and courtyards , and also grab a bite to eat in one of the area 's cafes or restaurants . The city and Korea in general has a fascination with technology and design and is constantly positioning itself on the cutting edge of both . The most recent addition to the city 's modern landscape is Dutch architect Rem Koohaas ' "  Transformer " . His shape-changing building can flip onto one of its three sides depending on its use and is currently home to a Prada Exhibition . It sits in a cozy juxtaposition next to the 16th century Gyeonghui Palace pavilion . For a less ambiguous view of the city , hop in a taxi to Namsan cable car station . It will propel you up to a peak in Namsan park -- central Seoul 's biggest -- next to the Seoul Tower , from where you can survey the sprawling metropolis . Throw yourself back into the thick of it by hitting Namdaemun market , also known as the goblin market . It 's a hive of goods from cheese to camcorders , often sold at cheaper prices than elsewhere . Do n't expect just stalls , it 's more a mix of buildings , underground malls and shops . Shinsegae department store is a city favorite in Myeongdong , but those after a bit of South Korean kitsch or quirk should be happy browsing around the boutiques off Myeongdong-gil and Myeongdong Jungang . More Meccas to mammon can be found at Dongdaemun to the east . It 's been the site of a market since 1905 , but inevitably is now a block of towers stuffed with shopping malls . Be careful , it could take a whole day to explore each one . Crossing downtown Seoul is the Cheonggye stream -- a river that was covered by a road until it was unearthed in 2005 and transformed into one of the city center 's most popular urban oases and worth a stroll in the evening . Just north of Cheonggye is the slightly twee area of Insadong , an area as close as Seoul comes to its past in its present work-a-day guise . The area has as few tacky tourist shops , but gets enough local life to make it a good area to grab a bite to eat . The narrow winding streets off Insadonggil are crammed with traditional style buildings housing restaurants where Korean barbeques , bibimbap , kimchi and other delights of Korean cuisine can be sampled and often quite reasonably priced . For a bit of local flavor on the go , street vendors serve up kimchi pancakes , octopus and other Korean snacks , while mobile restaurants appear on some of the street corners around Myeong-dong and Insadong when night falls . Duck under the temporary tarpaulin hoisted over these carts , take a seat next to a local and enjoy cultural feast as well as simple , fresh cooked local dishes . Soju , the local firewater , or some Korean beer is a typical accompaniment . It could get you in the mood for a bout of karaoke in a private room , or noraebang . In which case it could be worth asking your hotel concierge for a recommendation for an English language-friendly one , or just dive in and indulge in the randomness of it all . North east of downtown is Hongdae ; a decent area for bars and music , and its more salubrious that Itaewon , twenty minutes south in a taxi from downtown Seoul . Here you 're more likely to see U.S. military police in a club or bar than a local , which is another reminder that the other world that is North Korea is only 30 miles away . If you have an extra few days , take a trip to the Demilitarized Zone  DMZ  -- organized tours are the only way to see it .	Among the urban sprawl are pockets of tranquility , neon-lit fun and greenery The Joseon dynasty palaces are a must , offering a contrast to the city 's concrete Insadong provides some old world charm and great places to eat Korean cuisine
CNN  -- I come from a family with diverse religious traditions : Baptist , Methodist , Apostolic , Buddhist and nondenominational . My mother was a spiritual seeker , and when she became Catholic , I was baptized into the Catholic faith as a young child . Growing up , I attended a parish with Irish , Polish and black Catholics , and observed that the spiritual gifts of black Catholics were often diminished . When it was suggested that we include a gospel song in the liturgy , we were told that was not Catholic . "  Ave Maria " was sung , but not "  Mary had a Baby , " a Negro spiritual . I learned about St. Theresa the "  Little Flower , " but not St. Benedict the Black . A Kwanzaa table was a no-no . I learned while the word "  catholic " meant "  universal " and "  involving all , " much of the gifts and experience of black Catholics were not included . Black Catholics have a heightened awareness of what W.E.B. Dubois called "  double consciousness . " This emerges from the tension between one 's awareness of self and how others perceive one . Dubois used this term to speak of the experience of black people within the segregated United States . Today , a particular form of double consciousness is experienced by black Catholics : as a religious minority within the broader black Church community , who defend our religious affiliation to our black Protestant brothers and sisters while also confronting discrimination and ignorance from those within our own Catholic churches . What has helped black Catholics survive in the midst of almost insurmountable odds is a spirituality that bridges both our African-American experience and our Catholic faith . Father Augustus Tolton , the first recognized African-American priest , lived a similar struggle . His mother escaped slavery with him and his siblings , settling in Quincy , Illinois . He was baptized as a child , and by the time he was 16 , he felt "  called " to the Roman Catholic priesthood . No American Catholic seminaries accepted a black man , so in 1880 , he traveled to Rome , Italy . He was ordained six years later , then returned to America to begin his pastoral ministry . After returning to Quincy , he was invited to Chicago , Illinois , by the local bishop . He began his new ministry at St. Mary 's Church in Chicago . The basement of the church became the sanctuary for the emerging black Catholic congregation , the St. Augustine Society . His remaining years in Chicago were focused on ministering with and building a church for this community . He was a priest for only 11 years before he died from heat stroke . Earlier this year , Cardinal Francis George of the Archdiocese of Chicago announced that he planned to nominate Father Tolton for sainthood . It begins a process that will take some time to complete . Bishop Joseph N. Perry was appointed to highlight his cause . In literature promoting that cause for sainthood , the bishop wrote "  Fr . Tolton grew accustomed to adversity during his short life . He brought hope and comfort to the dying and promises of better days for the living . " His model of perseverance and holiness is a testament to all Catholics and persons of faith who are confronted with challenges . Father Tolton 's experience resonates with many black Catholics . For every two steps forward -- the ordination and cause for sainthood of Father Augustus Tolton , the National Black Catholic Lay Congresses of the 19th and 20th centuries -- there are two steps back , like the recent shuttering of the African-American parishes and schools in the inner cities of Chicago , St. Louis , Missouri , and Los Angeles , California , and the struggles of black Catholic lay ministerial leadership who strive to be accepted within the broader church . I have experienced the tension and the joys of being both black and Catholic in my 25 years of ministry . I struggle with the fact that many of my brothers and sisters of African descent do not know this history or see themselves mirrored in the leadership within the Catholic Church in the United States . It is why I went on to study and teach at a graduate school , to help my brothers and sisters understand , and see their story as a part of the Catholic Church . Despite the challenges , our lives are enriched by our faith and sturdied by the example of Father Tolton . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. C. Vanessa White .	C. Vanessa White was baptized a Catholic as a young child She says growing up she saw spiritual gifts of black Catholics were often diminished She says she works to help blacks see their story as a part of the Catholic Church
CNN  -- A proposed Arizona law would deny birth certificates to children born in the United States to illegal immigrant parents . The bill comes on the heels of Arizona passing the nation 's toughest immigration law . John Kavanagh , a Republican state representative from Arizona who supports the proposed law aimed at so-called "  anchor babies , " said that the concept does not conflict with the U.S. Constitution . "  If you go back to the original intent of the drafters ... it was never intended to bestow citizenship upon  illegal  aliens , " said Kavanagh , who also supported Senate Bill 1070 -- the law that gave Arizona authorities expanded immigration enforcement powers . Under federal law , children born in the United States are automatically granted citizenship , regardless of their parents ' residency status . iReporter supports the bill Kyrsten Sinema , a Democratic state representative , strongly opposes the bill . "  Unlike  Senate Bill  1070 , it is clear this bill runs immediately afoul of the U.S. Constitution , " she said . "  While I understand that folks in Arizona and across the country support S.B. 1070 , they do so because we have seen no action from the federal government , " said Sinema . "  Unfortunately , the so-called ` anchor baby ' bill does nothing to solve the real problems we are facing in Arizona . " Share your thoughts on immigration Arizona Republicans are expected to introduce the legislation this fall . CNN 's Ethan Harp contributed to this report	Children of illegal immigrants would be denied birth certificates Arizona legislature could take up matter in the fall Children born in the United States are automatically granted citizenship
CNN  -- The LA Lakers will play in Europe for the first time in 19 years , when they take part in NBA Europe Live 2010 alongside the Minnesota Timberwolves and the New York Knicks . The tour will see the Lakers , the reigning NBA champions , and the Timberwolves go head-to-head at the O2 in London on October 4 , the night after the Knicks open the tour in Milan against Euroleague team Armani Jeans Milano . This year 's event offers Europe 's basketball fans a rare chance to see one of the NBA 's biggest stars , LA Lakers star Kobe Bryant . The 2008 NBA Most Valuable Player is excited by the prospect of playing outside of U.S and in particular is looking forward to playing in front of an enthusiastic crowd in London . "  I know how passionate the fans are in the UK , " said Bryant told the Daily Express newspaper . "  I look forward to putting on a show for what promises to be a great game . " The Knicks and the Timberwolves will face-off in Paris on October 6 , before the Lakers complete the 2010 tour by taking on another Euroleague team , Regal FC Barcelona , in the Catalan city on October 7 .	Reigning NBA Champions the LA Lakers will take part in NBA Europe Live 2010 The New York Knicks and the Minnesota Timberloves will also play in the tour NBA star Kobe Bryant looking forward to playing in London
CNN  -- He 's the most expensive footballer in the world , but Cristiano Ronaldo is proving to be an absolute bargain buy for Real Madrid . The Portugal forward took his goal tally to an incredible 49 in 47 league games since his $ 130 million move from Manchester United in 2009 as he fired his fourth hat-trick this season in Sunday night 's 4-2 win over third-placed Villarreal . The visitors had threatened to become the first team to win at the Santiago Bernabeu this season , leading 2-1 after 18 minutes , but Ronaldo completed his treble to put Real ahead and then set up a clinching goal by substitute Kaka to keep his side two points behind leaders Barcelona . Kaka was delighted after his winning contribution , and also hailed Ronaldo 's heroics . Who is the world 's best footballer ? "  He has decided many matches and will continue to do so for Real Madrid . He is a great player that stuns us all day after day with goals and his way of playing . He is fundamental to this team , " the former world player of the year said . "  To return to the Bernabeu and score was such a special moment . It had been a long time since I scored , so it was very important to me . I felt such raw emotion from the crowd . " Ronaldo has now scored 22 goals in 18 La Liga games this season , and 31 overall . With defending champions Barca having beaten Deportivo La Coruna 4-0 on Saturday , Real were rocked when Ruben Cani put Villarreal ahead in the sixth minute . But Ronaldo was on hand to equalize from close range three minutes later after Karim Benzema and Mesut Ozil combined well to set him up . Benzema was starting up front in the continued absence of Argentine striker Gonzalo Higuain , who will have back surgery on Tuesday . The Real squad took to the pitch wearing shirts supporting him with the words "  Stay strong Pipa . Get well soon . " But it was Villarreal who scored next as Marco Ruben beat the offside trap and sent a delightful chip over goalkeeper Iker Casillas for his first goal for the club . Ronaldo struck a vital blow when he equalized in the first minute of time added on , stealing a header from Xabi Alonso 's free-kick . But Real struggled to find a winner until Kaka came on for his first home appearance this season with 20 minutes to play , having returned as a substitute in the meaningless midweek Spanish Cup second-leg defeat at Levante . Nine minutes later the Brazilian 's cross was not dealt with by Villarreal keeper Diego Lopez , and Ronaldo finally fired in a low shot after the ball ran loose -- though he appeared to have come back from an offside position . There was no doubt about the fourth goal on 82 minutes , as Ronaldo slipped a clever pass into the box and Kaka poked the ball past Lopez . Real coach Jose Mourinho 's wild celebrations prompted an angry reaction on the Villarreal bench , with coach Juan Carlos Garrido already sent off for protesting the third goal . Real return to action on Thursday for the first leg of the Spanish Cup quarterfinal against city rivals Atletico , who travel to Hercules in La Liga on Monday . In Sunday 's other games , fourth-placed Valencia closed the gap on Villarreal to two points after a controversial 1-0 win in the derby at Levante . Juan Mata followed up his late winner in last weekend 's win over Espanyol with another goal that appeared to be offside as he broke free to score with seven minutes left . The winger missed a first-half penalty , clipping the top of the crossbar , and then in the second half he had a curling free-kick tipped onto the woodwork . Espanyol are a point back in fifth after thrashing bottom club Real Zaragoza 4-0 at home , while Mallorca joined sixth-placed Atletico and Getafe on 27 points with a 4-1 win over relegation-threatened Almeria . Getafe could only draw 0-0 at Osasuna , who moved five points clear of the bottom three . Sporting Gijon moved above Almeria and Zaragoza on goal difference after drawing 1-1 at Racing Santander thanks to a 90th-minute equalizer from midfielder Diego Castro .	Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick inspires Real Madrid to 4-2 win over third-placed Villarreal Kaka scores fourth goal in Bernabeu comeback as Real twice come from behind Ronaldo takes his tally to 31 goals this season in all competitions Valencia close to within two points of Villarreal with controversial derby victory
CNN  -- Around the world , commemorations have taken place this month to mark the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of World War II . Rosa Larsen , right , with her mother Reiza and brother Mario , taken in Italy in 1945 after they were reunited . The bloodiest conflict in human history claimed the lives of more than 70 million people -- most of whom were civilians -- and irrevocably shaped the world in which we now live . Institutions and organizations such as the United Nations , NATO and the Geneva Convention were all built from its rubble . Within this narrative , however , there are millions of smaller tales . Fascinating and moving stories passed down within families that tell of the incredible heroism , resilience and honor of ordinary people in unimaginable circumstances . CNN invited iReporters to submit their accounts of their own families ' involvement in the conflict . Here we present a selection . -- Reiza Guida , a Jewish girl from South Africa , moved to Italy in 1937 to pursue her studies as a musician , her daughter Rosa Larsen recalls . En route she fell in love with Vincenzo , a young Italian naval officer whom she married a year later . But Reiza 's in-laws despised her for being Jewish and offered her no support when Vincenzo drowned off the coast of Taranto after his ship was bombed in March 1942 . Read Rosa 's iReport about her mother 's life . When Nazi officers in the region were passed information of Reiza 's Jewish background , she was forced to flee the family home with her young children . "  Alone and bereft , my mother ran for her life , escaping the SS  Gestapo  by a hair-breath each time , " recalls Rosa , who was just one when war broke out in 1939 . "  On one occasion , whilst hiding in a cupboard in a flat owned by a mean 95-year old French woman who was determined to see my mother go to her death with her , the bombs started falling . "  The old woman sat in front of her mirror putting on lipstick , determined not to save herself and refusing to let my mother save herself . Ignoring her stubbornness , my mother dragged her to the underground shelters in spite of the old woman 's protestations . " In the meantime , the young Rosa and her brother Mario hid in the countryside with their Italian aunt . "  Here too , we had some very narrow escapes , " recalls Rosa , "  and my brother and I vividly remember a Nazi officer going from house to house looking for Jews and the two of us hiding and shivering below the boards under the big feather-bed . " The two siblings were separated shortly after -- packed off to Catholic convents where they were subjected to "  exceptional cruelty " by the nuns and priests . Reiza -- who had fluent command of seven languages -- repeatedly evaded capture by the Gestapo and , when the Allies reached Italy , was appointed by British officers to the Entertainments National Service Association  ENSA  , organizing entertainment for Allied troops in Genova and Udine . With help from British intelligence , Rosa says , she and Mario were reunited with their mother and lived at the large villa from which Reiza hosted ENSA events . Reiza , who died in 1999 , eventually moved to South Africa and remarried . Rosa , now a grandmother , lives in Perth , Australia with husband Peter , whose grandmother and aunt were murdered by the Nazis in Pinsk , Belarus in 1942 . -- Michael Rutkowski , from Manhattan , New York City , told iReport how his grandfather , Polish count Alojzy Wojcinski , formed an unusual alliance with a German nobleman he believes was called Baron von Puglis . He recalled how , during WWII his grandfather was an officer in the Home Army , the Polish resistance movement . The baron colluded with the count to undermine the Nazi presence in Warsaw , Michael says , despite being an officer in the Wehrmacht , the German army . Read Michael 's iReport about his grandfather "  Both of them would go outside Warsaw to pick up gold dropped by the British planes at night and go through all the checkpoints to Marszalkowska Street where they would distribute all the gold to other Home Army members , " Michael says . According to Michael , the baron 's defection was probably motivated by his marriage to Wojcinki 's sister , or the fact that he just "  hated Nazis . " Michael says that towards the end of the war his grandfather was captured and sent to a German prison camp from which he later escaped . The baron was killed by a bomb during the Warsaw Uprising in 1944 , says Michael , who was told the family history by his late grandmother  "  I 'm kicking myself for not recording it because here WWII stories were terrific "  and is keen to track down more details on just who the German nobleman was . -- Jon Mankowski of Portland , Oregon explains how his mother , Christine Mankowski , found her way to America after fleeing from Eastern Europe . "  On September 1 , 1939 she was celebrating her 13th birthday when she heard the Nazi bombers flying over the city of Warsaw , " says Jon of the day that Germany started the war in Europe . Read Jon 's iReport about his mother "  Within weeks she and her family were picked up for distribution to various forced labor camps around Eastern Europe . Somehow she and two of her sisters and mother made it here after the war . " Christine , who died in 2007 , eventually reached America , at one point working at the Goodyear Tire and Rubber company in Los Angeles . -- Alexander Breuer , a 13-year old Austrian Jew who fled to America in January 1940 with his parents and brother , was among the first liberators into the notorious Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany , his daughter Heddy Abramowitz explains . Alexander had to wait until he was 18 before he could be drafted into the U.S. Army and was sent , as a German speaker , to help negotiate the surrender of the town of Weimar . Read Heddy 's iReport about her father It was during these negotiations , Breuer told the 1981 International Liberators Conference , that local officials alerted Allied officers to the nearby Buchenwald concentration camp . "  As I understand it , this was the first U.S Jeep into any concentration camp in Europe , " says Heddy , who now lives in Jerusalem . Alexander , who died in 1983 , went on to marry Heddy 's mother , Lee Feig Breuer , a Holocaust survivor from Romania . Heddy recalls that Lee 's one surviving brother from the death camps , Eliezer Feig , volunteered to fight in Israel 's War of Independence in 1948 and was killed in the Battle of Yafo at the age of 17 . "  I am just skimming over the lives of these people , which were very full , " Heddy says . "  They all lived before the internet , and never sought self-promotion . Their deeds speak louder . " -- George Webster contributed to this report	iReporters tell of World War II family experiences and how it shaped their lives Millions were displaced by the conflict , which began 70 years ago Some fought with the resistance or Allied armies ; others separated from families
At least four people have been shot dead and hundreds injured as demonstrators clash with police over new laws limiting the right to protest in Ukraine , the head of the protest movement 's volunteer medical service , Oleg Musiy , told CNN on Wednesday . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry earlier said it was investigating a death , the circumstances of which are not clear . Local media reports suggest the man may have fallen from a statue or monument . In a statement Wednesday , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf condemned the growing violence , particularly against journalists and peaceful protesters . "  Increased tensions in Ukraine are a direct consequence of the Ukrainian government 's failure to engage in real dialogue and the passage of anti-democratic legislation on January 16 , " Harf said . "  We urge the Government of Ukraine to take steps that represent a better way forward for Ukraine , including repeal of the anti-democratic legislation and beginning a national dialogue with the political opposition . " iReport : Video shows heavy clashes between police , protesters The leaders of three opposition factions met with President Viktor Yanukovych and a government working group Wednesday to try to resolve the crisis , the President 's official website said . They are Vitali Klitschko , leader of the UDAR party ; Arseniy Yatsenyuk , of the Fatherland party ; and Oleh Tiahnybok , of the Freedom party , or Svoboda . A statement on Yanukovych 's website said the first stage of negotiations -- a meeting of more than three hours -- had ended . Klitschko accused Yanukovych 's government of having the blood of protesters on its hands . "  We did not receive any answers , " Klitschko told demonstrators after the meeting , referring to calls for snap elections and the resignation of the government . "  When we talked about canceling the new laws that make each of us here a criminal , we heard that maybe this can be a point of negotiations . I will be with the people . If I have to fight , I will fight . If I have to go under bullets , I will . I will stand up for the people , because I want to live in a different country . " He added , amid the chants of supporters : "  If tomorrow the President does not make a step forward , we will attack . " Demonstrators have been rallying in the snowy streets since the weekend in protest against the laws that went into effect Wednesday . Televised images Wednesday showed ongoing clashes between police and protesters who 've massed around barricades on Hrushevskoho Street , near the burned-out shells of police buses . The Interior Ministry said Wednesday that more than 70 people have been detained since midday Sunday . The ministry said 195 police officers had been injured and 84 hospitalized since the situation turned violent Sunday . The clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia instead . The European Union and United States have urged all parties in Ukraine to exercise restraint and find a democratic solution to the political crisis . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov also warned Tuesday that the situation in Ukraine was "  getting out of control " and urged dialogue between all the parties . UDAR posted what it said was a joint statement by the three opposition factions saying Yanukovych and Interior Minister Vitaliy Zakharchenko bear direct responsibility for the deaths of protesters . The U.S. ambassador to Russia , Michael McFaul , tweeted Wednesday that he was "  watching with sadness " the events in Kiev . The U.S. Embassy in Kiev said in a prepared statement that it has "  revoked the visas of several Ukrainians who were linked to the violence " in response to actions taken against protesters in November and December . "  Because visa records are confidential under U.S. law the Embassy will not comment on individual cases , " it said . "  We are considering further action against those responsible for the current violence . " Masks , helmets banned The controversial new protest laws have sparked concerns they could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech . They include provisions barring people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies , from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission , and from traveling in convoys of more than five vehicles without authorization . A separate Interior Ministry order allowing riot police to use firearms came into force Tuesday , according to the official Ukrainian legislation website . Ukraine 's Institute of Mass Information , an organization promoting media rights and freedom of speech , said 36 journalists had been injured while reporting on the clashes in recent days . Ukraine 's national union of journalists called on the Interior Ministry on Wednesday to issue an order forbidding police to use violence against journalists . ` Deep crisis ' EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , who visited protesters in Kiev last year and met with Ukraine 's leaders , condemned the escalation of violence overnight and urged restraint . "  The use of force and resort to violence is not an answer to the political crisis . All acts of violence must come to an immediate end and be swiftly investigated , " she said . "  Those responsible will have to be held to account . Ukrainian citizens ' rights of assembly , freedom of expression and media must be fully respected and protected . I am deeply concerned about attacks on journalists and about reports of missing persons . " The president of the European Commission , Jose Manuel Barroso , said he was "  shocked " by news of protesters ' deaths and called on all sides to refrain from violence . "  I would like to explicitly underline the fundamental responsibility of the Ukrainian authorities to now take action to deescalate this crisis and in particular the need for them to engage in a genuine dialogue with the opposition and with civil society on the ways to overcome this deep crisis , " he said in a news release . "  We are also following with great concern the recent restrictions on fundamental freedoms including freedom of expression and freedom of the media . " Ukraine 's future ties In December , despite weeks of protest by anti-government demonstrators , Yanukovych agreed to a deal with Russian President Vladimir Putin for Moscow to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . The tumult in Ukraine goes to the heart of its future ties with Russia and the rest of Europe . Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east . The protests have unfolded since November 21 , when Yanukovych changed his stance on the EU trade pact , which had been years in the making . The demonstrators say an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . Ukraine 's government says the terms needed to be renegotiated to protect Ukrainians better .	Interior Ministry says more than 70 people detained since midday Sunday At least 4 people killed , says head of protest movement medical service Interior Ministry says 195 police officers have been injured , 84 hospitalized The clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful anti-government protests
CNN  -- The bizarre case of a North Korea-bound ship being seized and searched following a violent struggle on the Panama Canal sounds like a deleted scene from the Cold War . But officials fearing some sort of modern-day Cuban Missile Crisis could only have been relieved to find out that what Cuba describes as an assortment of antique Soviet weapons discovered aboard the ship -- buried under 255,000 sacks of brown sugar -- are more suited to a Cold War museum than they are to being used as weapons in the 21st century . The ship , which is still being searched by Panamanian officials , contained 240 tons of Russian-made defensive weapons including two anti-aircraft missile systems , nine missiles in parts and spares and two MiG-21 jets , according to Cuban officials . Panama has n't yet detailed what has been seized . LATEST : Panama finds arms on N. Korean ship Cuba says the weapons , which were en route to North Korea for repairs , are "  obsolete . " And experts who identified early Cold War relics like the Soviet-designed SA-2 air defense system among the ship 's cargo say that 's not far from the truth . "  We are talking about really old stuff -- that technology was designed in the 1940s and 50s , " said James O'Halloran , editor of Jane 's Land Based Air Defence and Jane 's Strategic Weapon Systems . "  Very few countries still employ the SA-2 system as a frontline defensive weapon . " The SA-2 , which consists of a single radar-guided missile mounted on a launcher , was developed years before the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1960 and was used by the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War , long before the advent of heat-seeking or satellite-guided missiles . Men sitting in radar trucks on the ground had to guide the rockets toward their targets . O'Halloran says the tactic , if you were an American pilot in Vietnam , was to "  watch this damn great thing coming toward you and at the last minute pull a heavy right or left , and the missile could n't follow you , it just kept going . " "  Today there is no reason for any Western pilot to be hit by an SA-2 -- if you get caught by one of them , you 've done something bloody stupid , or you 've got very bad luck . No modern country wants to be seen with those . " But North Korea and Cuba , isolated communist allies and trading partners since the Cold War , are n't modern countries , to say the least -- and after years of sanctions and embargoes there are few places  and even less cash  at their disposal to obtain new weapons , according to experts . U.N. : North Korea continues banned weapons trade "  If you buy a new weapons system , you also have to buy the hardware and the training , which can take a year or more if you buy some of the more modern air defense systems that the Russians sell , " said Mike Elleman , Senior Fellow for Regional Security Cooperation at IISS . "  And the Cubans do n't have the money . " Even if Cuba had the money , countries like Russia would be reluctant to sell the Castro regime advanced weapons systems for fear of infuriating the Americans . And even if Cuba obtained newer weapons , Elleman says the U.S. would still overwhelm them in short order . What 's left for countries like Cuba is to seek repairs on systems like the SA-2 , which went out of commission decades ago , and the MiG-21 jet , which was last produced in 1985 and is now mostly kept by long-time Russian allies for spare parts , according to O'Halloran at Jane 's . As Panamanian authorities continue to search the Chong Chon Gang -- a freighter with its own checkered past -- they are asking the U.S. and United Kingdom to send teams to help them identify the weapons , and will invite a special commission from the United Nations to determine whether the shipment violates the organization 's North Korea weapons ban . In the meantime , experts do n't expect the episode will have a lasting effect diplomatically on either country -- North Korea is already "  sanctioned to the hilt , " says Ellemann , and Cuba 's relations with the U.S. are thawing after decades of tension . "  There are a good number of people who believe that the sanctions against Cuba are very outdated and that it 's just a matter of time before they 're lifted , and I do n't see this changing that , " Ellemann told CNN . The more lasting impression of the raid on ship could , in the end , be the 10,000 tons of brown sugar found on-board the ship . The crew attempted to sabotage the Chong Chon Gang by cutting the cables on its cargo cranes , meaning Panamanian authorities have had to remove the 255,000 bags of sugar by hand . Experts believe the sugar could be Cuban payment to cash-strapped North Korea in exchange for the weapons repairs . "  This will be much ado about nothing , except telling the world just how bad a shape Cuba and North Korea are in today -- bartering early Cold War materials for sugar , that speaks volumes , " said Ellemann .	Panamanian authorities raid North Korean ship , find Cuban weapons Russian-made weapons seized are Cold War relics from the 1950s , say experts Expert on SA-2 system : "  No modern country wants to be seen with those " Expert : "  Bartering Cold War materials for sugar speaks volumes " about nations
CNN  -- Mohammed Bin Hammam has promised to reform FIFA 's corruption-tainted top echelons if he is successful in ending the 13-year reign of its president Sepp Blatter in the June 1 elections . The head of the Asian Football Confederation threw his name into the hat on Friday to end the prospect of the 75-year-old Blatter being re-elected unopposed . "  I will always put in mind and consider among other things ... the demands from the public to keep FIFA and football organizations above accusations and suspicion of negative practice , " Bin Hammam told reporters on Friday . "  I will always put into consideration the need of economically-underprivileged member associations to have more technical and financial support to enable them to close the gap between their nations and those of the advanced football nations . " Vote for Blatter -- or ` None of the Above ' ? The last time Blatter faced a battle was in 2002 , when he defeated Africa 's Issa Hayatou by 139 votes to 56 despite his campaign being run amid claims of corruption and financial mismanagement . FIFA 's 24-man executive committee has again been mired in controversy , with two of its members suspended last November ahead of the decision on which countries would host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , following an investigation into alleged bribery for votes . Bin Hammam , in his third term as AFC president , said he will replace that committee with an expanded 41-member FIFA Board if he is elected , giving more representation to the world 's regional confederations . "  I propose UEFA gets four more seats , CAF four more seats , Asia four more seats , CONCACAF three more seats , CONMEBOL one more seat and OFC one more seat , " the 61-year-old Qatari said , adding that he had the support of the AFC executive committee . "  A new executive committee will be coming , 40 members plus the president is 41 , and it will avoid as much as possible for the privilege of the casting vote going to the president . " Bin Hammam said he would also create a new "  executive office " headed by the FIFA president and the six confederation leaders to implement the board 's decisions . "  I will decentralize the activities of the FIFA administration . The legal matters , like the statutes and international transfers , and statutory issues can be handled directly by the confederations under the supervision of their executive bodies , " he said . He also vowed to make football 's governing body more transparent , with a new proactive body to replace the existing Ethical Committee , which presently rules only after acts have happened . Bin Hammam will face a difficult task to convince FIFA 's 208 member nations that he should replace Blatter , who has presided over a $ 1.28 billion profit following the success of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Blatter 's committee awarded Qatar the 2022 tournament despite serious concerns over the emirate 's infrastructure and intensely-hot weather , while Russia was a surprise winner of the right to host in 2018 .	Asian Football Confederation president decides to stand against Sepp Blatter Mohammed Bin Hammam hopes to end Blatter 's 13-year reign as president The June 1 election sees Blatter face an opponent for the first time since 2002 Bin Hammam vows to replace FIFA 's executive committee following corruption claims
CNN  -- Although most Swedes would be too modest to say so themselves , Stockholm can stake a decent claim to being the capital of Scandinavia . Built on 14 islands , Stockholm seems to float on water . Built on 14 islands where Lake Mälaren meets the Baltic Sea , Stockholm is a soft-hued vision of light and water , the bewitching start to an archipelago of some 24,000 islands and islets . Sweden 's neutrality during World War II means Stockholm was spared the bombing inflicted on most European capitals ; the result is the unspoiled old town of Gamla Stan , with its winding , cobbled streets . Despite a post-war building blitz that saw the construction of some particularly uninspiring modernist architecture , it is a city where gray concrete facades are largely eschewed in favor of a smorgasbord of pastel colors , rusty reds and glowing ochres . For a capital city it 's unusually green -- not just leafy and dotted with verdant parks , but environmentally sound . Stockholm proper has a population of just 800,000 , avoiding the congestion and pollution that plague larger cities -- so much so that you can fish from , and swim in , the waters surrounding the city center . Cold and sometimes bleak during its long , dark winters , Stockholm comes alive during the summer , when the Scandinavian sun barely sets . As temperatures rise the city 's cafe culture blossoms , only for Stockholm to become a ghost town during July , when the locals make the most of their generous holiday entitlement and slip off to holiday cottages in the archipelago . But beyond its historic heart Stockholm is a progressive , evolving city . Its financial fortunes grew with the mid '90s IT boom and shrank when the dotcom bubble burst , but it remains a hotbed of technology and communications companies . Watch ABBA 's Bjorn Ulvaeus take CNN on a tour of Stockholm " Around 20 percent of the residents of greater Stockholm are of foreign descent , giving a sense of cultural diversity -- not to mention some welcome variety to the city 's thriving restaurant scene . Despite Sweden 's largely anti-EU stance , Stockholm is cosmopolitan and outward looking , with a keen eye for the latest international trends . Its shops are filled with the latest in functional , minimalist Swedish design and there are enough boutiques boasting hip New York brands and cool Swedish labels to indulge Stockholmers ' obsession with style . It 's also the city where Swedish global exports H&M and IKEA have their flagship stores . For all its picture-postcard pleasantness and progressive civic planning , Stockholm can seem a little sterile . It 's not the kind of place likely to be described as "  edgy . " Stockholmers themselves can come across as standoffish , but that 's not say that they are unfriendly -- just politely reserved . Small talk is regarded with a certain suspicion meaning the locals can be hard to get to know , but it 's amazing what a difference a couple of glasses of akvavit can make . Puritan legal regulations mean that high-alcohol drinks  that 's anything with more than 3.5 percent alcohol  are heavily taxed and can only be bought in bars and government-run "  Systembolaget " shops . The result is that a night on the town is expensive enough to make anyone teetotal , with Stockholmers often avoiding midweek drinking , saving their krona for weekend partying . But what Stockholm lacks in grit it more than makes up for in style . From its artfully designed coffee shops to the classic contours of its baroque and rococo buildings , this island city is endlessly pleasing to behold , especially when viewed from the water that flows like blood through its veins .	From artfully designed cafes to baroque buildings , Stockholm exudes cool The island city has dubbed itself the capital city of Scandinavia City blossoms in the summer when temperatures rise and sun barely sets Influx of immigrants has added new dimension to city 's gastronomic scene
London  CNN  -- Hundreds of millions around the world have been dazzled by the sights and sounds of director Danny Boyle 's opening ceremony for the London 2012 Olympic Games . The four-hour , Â # 27 million  $ 42.4 million  spectacle contained references to such globally-recognized British icons such as James Bond , David Bowie and Harry Potter 's Lord Voldemort . But with the production tossing out historical and cultural references at a rapid rate , even the most ardent Anglophiles in the audience may have felt some allusions whiz over their head like an airborne nanny . The Oscar-winning director of "  Slumdog Millionaire " says the ceremony , titled "  Isles of Wonder , " was inspired by a passage in Shakespeare 's The Tempest , believed to have been written in 1610 and set on a remote , magical island . Although that phrase itself appears nowhere in the play , the character Caliban refers to his home as an isle "  full of noises , sounds and sweet airs , that give delight and hurt not . " The line encapsulates the vision fellow film director Stephen Daldry , the ceremony 's creative director , says the production sought to represent , in capturing "  the rich heritage , diversity , energy , inventiveness , wit and creativity that truly defines the British Isles . " The ceremony opened with a scene inspired by the work of another English literary genius , the Romantic visionary poet and painter William Blake : Specifically , the preface to his epic "  Milton a Poem " -- "  And did those feet in ancient time , " better known as "  Jerusalem . " Written in 1804 , the poem was set to music in 1916 by Sir Hubert Parry , and sung to bolster flagging spirits during the war years . With its lyric describing the establishment of a new Jerusalem in England , it has become England 's most recognized patriotic song , sung as a religious hymn and a de facto national anthem at many sporting events . No less than three phrases from its 16 lines -- "  green & pleasant land , " "  dark satanic mills " and a "  chariot of fire " -- have entered the national lexicon , and were referenced within the ceremony . The first provided the theme for the opening scene , which presented a vision of England as a pre-industrial rural idyll -- the type of bucolic setting in which J. R. R. Tolkien 's Hobbits made their home . Animals gambolled , workers tended the fields while a game of cricket took place on a village green , complete with a maypole -- a traditional focal point for community celebrations in British village life . In one area of the stadium was a mound resembling Glastonbury Tor , an historically significant hill in Somerset identified with King Arthur . The hill carries a link to the Jerusalem theme , as Blake 's poem is inspired by the "  Glastonbury Legend " -- an apocryphal story that one of Jesus ' relatives , Joseph of Arimathea , had visited Glastonbury and taken Jesus there as a boy . Glastonbury also has a more contemporary significance as the home of the UK 's most famous music festival . Enter the "  dark satanic mills " of the industrial revolution , which began in the UK in the middle of the 18th century and swept throughout the rest of the world , transforming society and laying the foundations of the modern world in its wake . Featured in the ceremony were representations of looms for manufacturing textiles and iron-making processes which played a key role in the revolution . The next , dreamlike sequence celebrated one of Britain 's most beloved institutions , the National Health Service , while playing on its link to another celebrated icon . Founded in 1948 , the NHS provides free healthcare , and has become the fifth largest employer in the world , with 1.7 million staff . Many Britons are fiercely proud of the service and have fought to defend it from successive waves of reforms . The NHS was represented here by several wards ' worth of nurses pushing hospital beds , which were used as trampolines by children before being arranged to spell out the word : "  Gosh . " Coming in close proximity to a recitation from J.M. Barrie 's children 's classic Peter Pan -- "  When you play at it by day with the chairs and table-cloth , it is not in the least alarming , but in the two minutes before you go to sleep it becomes very real " -- this was a clear reference to Great Ormond Street Hospital , a London children 's hospital closely associated with that book . In 1929 , Barrie gifted all the rights from the work to the hospital , claiming that Peter Pan himself had been a patient there , and that "  it was he who put me up to the little thing I did for the hospital . " Peter Pan was not the only children 's literary character to feature in the segment , as a shower of Mary Poppinses -- the magical English nanny who was the heroine of P. L. Travers ' book series -- blew in from above , to do battle with a towering character who resembled Lord Voldemort , the main villain of J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter books  Rowling herself also appeared in the ceremony  . The heroes did n't all hail from the world of books . At one point a Mini appeared -- the classic two-door economy car first manufactured by the British Motor Corporation in 1959 . The next narrative segment was more modern and raucous , featuring a house party crashed by a horde of social networking teens . The attention also shifted to Britain 's rich lineage of musical stars : Queen , David Bowie , the Sex Pistols , New Order and the Eurythmics , among many others . The ceremony also made great play of the two great , inescapable constants of British life -- the weather , and the dry national humor . At one point in the proceedings , as a "  storm cloud " broke and threatened to jeopardize the celebrations on stage , an audio clip familiar to many Britons was played . It contained the immortal words of veteran television weatherman Michael Fish , best remembered for allegedly saying , hours before a killer 1987 storm : "  Apparently a lady rang the BBC and said she heard that there was a hurricane on the way . Well , do n't worry , if you 're watching , there is n't . " In recent years , Fish has been at pains to point out that the British public has misremembered his role in the affair , saying he was n't working that day and that his infamous quote was actually made in relation to another storm . On any other day , he might resent the matter being revisited . But tonight he will surely manage a laugh at the unlikely way the bane of his career has placed him at center stage , in celebrated company , at Britain 's biggest party .	Danny Boyle 's Olympic opening teemed with historic , literary and pop culture references Its title , ` Isles of Wonder , ' was inspired by a line in Shakespeare 's "  The Tempest " It contained many references to the celebrated William Blake poem "  Jerusalem " But it 's not all highbrow : There was also a reference to a famous weatherman blooper
CNN  -- Pakistan cricketers have been told they will not be allowed to appear in the highly-lucrative Indian Premier League  IPL  this coming season because of fears over security . Danish Kaneria , in action against India last December , was hoping to play in the Indian Premier League . Stars from Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Sri Lanka , West Indies and , for the first time , England will be competing in the action that starts on April 10 . Several Pakistan stars had also signed for IPL franchises while another five , including leg-spinner Danish Kaneria , were scheduled to appear at a players ' auction to be held in Goa , India , on Thursday . However , the Pakistan Cricket Board  PCB  said players would not be allowed to play in the IPL this coming season on government advice . "  We have informed the IPL and Indian board that our players ca n't take part in the IPL this year , " PCB chief operating officer Saleem Altaf told Reuters.com . The decision follows concerns for players ' safety because of the tense relations between Pakistan and India after the Mumbai militant attacks in November . Former Pakistan captain Shoaib Malik , who plays for Delhi , said the players would abide by the directives of the government and PCB . Meanwhile , another former captain , Inzamam-ul-Haq is among several top Pakistan players who have successfully challenged a domestic ban imposed following appearances in the unofficial Indian Cricket League  ICL  . Provincial Sindh High Court on Monday suspended the 2007 action taken by the PCB which must appear in court later this month to explain their action . Players affected by the 2007 ruling also include Mohammad Yousuf , Imran Nazir , Mohammad Sami and Azhar Mahmood who along with Inzamam , played for Lahore Badshahs . Last year , the Badshahs named after a Pakistani city and with a number of Pakistani players won the ICL 20s Indian championship . "  The honorable court has suspended this relevant clause of the PCB rules and allowed the players to appear in domestic cricket with immediate effect , " Zahid Fakhruddin Ibrahim , the legal counsel for the players , told Reuters.com . Lahore coach Moin Khan , a former Pakistan captain , said the suspension of the ban was good for Pakistani cricket . "  Some of the ICL players can still play for Pakistan and when they play in domestic cricket , youngsters will learn from them , " Khan commented . "  The ban had hurt the players financially as well as cricket-wise , so it 's a great decision . "	Pakistan cricketers miss IPL season over security fears Pakistan players not competing on government advice England stars making debuts in the league starting in April
CNN  -- On the day that LeBron James announced that he would accept an employment offer from the Miami Heat , I had a conversation with a person you would not automatically associate with basketball expertise . But it was n't basketball I wanted to ask him about . It was the fleeting nature of celebrity -- even of the most incandescent celebrity . James is enjoying that kind of fame right now . It seems that you ca n't walk down a city street without hearing someone mention his name . But a person 's moment in the sun comes and goes . The passions , both good and bad , that a star inspires can cool off in a relatively short span . Which is an instructive thing to keep in mind at times like these . The person with whom I spoke was Steve Auerbach , co-owner of the famous Stage Deli on Seventh Avenue in New York . For generations , the Stage has been a part of New York City life . The triple-decker sandwiches at the Stage have traditionally been named for famous men and women . The idea is to appeal to customers whose eyes will be drawn to an item on the menu because of the celebrity associated with it . So I asked Auerbach about the No. 8 -- the sandwich called the Katie Couric . It features turkey , ham and swiss cheese . It was n't always known as the Katie Couric , Auerbach said . Its name was changed in recent years from what it was formerly called . Diners , it seemed , were no longer quite as attracted to the old name of the No. 8 : The Marilyn Monroe . Same with the No. 18  turkey , chopped liver , lettuce , tomato , onion  . It 's a hit , in large part because of the bigger-than-life New York figure for whom it is named : Alex Rodriguez . The A-Rod sandwich appeals to a new generation of customers who might not feel as strong a connection with what the same triple-decker was called until not so long ago : The Joe DiMaggio . "  The clientele changes , " Auerbach told me . "  It happens . Younger customers come along who might not be as familiar with the old famous names . " Milton Berle , 60 years ago , was as famous as a person could be in the United States . He was the first major television star -- magazines and newspapers referred to him as Mr. Television . His Tuesday evening broadcasts were so popular that in some cities , restaurants and movie theaters closed their doors on that night because they could n't compete with him . The world and all of its rewards were his , and so was the No. 12 at the Stage Deli : roast beef , chopped liver , onion . No one 's eyes could scan the big menu without stopping at the Milton Berle . But that was long ago . The No. 12 has a different name now , one with more cachet : The James Gandolfini . "  The Sopranos " took care of that . "  The celebrity thing is hard to keep up with , " Auerbach said . "  It used to be that fame lasted for 30 or 40 years . Now , it seems to pop up and then it 's gone . Someone like Britney Spears comes along , and everyone is talking about her , and next thing you know you do n't hear her name and everyone 's talking about someone else . " For all the hyperbolic verbiage during that LeBron James television special  "  You 're now looking live at the king "  , for all the incomprehensible financial figures being thrown around about other NBA players who recently have agreed to terms  one , it was said , signed a six-year deal for $ 123 million , another signed a four-year deal for $ 80 million  , perhaps a small dose of perspective is needed . The sports analysts often ask if events like the frantic courtship of James are a distraction for the various teams involved . But of course , that 's what professional sports are : a distraction . That 's what the public is buying : a few hours of distraction from the matters in this world that are genuinely troubling , the ones that ca n't always be solved with certainty when the final buzzer sounds . The welcome distraction that all of this provides is at the core of its inherent value . Is it any wonder that the players in the middle of it sometimes can become a little disoriented ? During the Chicago Blackhawks ' recent National Hockey League playoff run to the Stanley Cup , many fans in the United Center in Chicago , Illinois , wore the replica jersey of the team 's captain , Jonathan Toews , who turned 22 years old this spring . One of the people in the arena wearing a Toews jersey was a 47-year-old fan : Michael Jordan . What must it be like for Toews , knowing that Jordan is not only watching him play , but also wearing his jersey ? It all moves along so quickly ; on the day in 1988 that Toews was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba , the papers carried stories saying that Jordan had scored 50 points in a playoff victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on this same stretch of West Madison Street where he now sat cheering for Toews . No one could be more famous than LeBron James , this week . Even the president of the United States was talking about him . At the Stage Deli in Manhattan , Auerbach had a decision to make . "  People want to see recognizable names , " he said . "  Names that are popular . " For years , the No. 24  twin rolls of pastrami and corned beef  was known as the Raquel Welch . Then , as the sands of renown shifted , it was changed to the Dolly Parton . Auerbach believes that it 's time for the No. 24 to evolve again . He is considering various candidates . No offense to Dolly . "  Nothing lasts forever , " he said . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	LeBron James is an incandescent celebrity , with tens of millions paying attention Bob Greene notes that even the greatest celebrities eventually become part of history Marilyn Monroe , Milton Berle , Joe DiMaggio once were household names Greene notes that for such stars of the past , fame proved fleeting
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The Italian media call her "  Foxy Knoxy , " portray her as a "  devil with an angel 's face , " and there are 11 Facebook pages dedicated to her , all in Italian . Both Raffaele Sollecito  left  and Amanda Knox deny charges of murder and sexual assault . Amanda Knox , 21 , is an American college student from Seattle , Washington , who is on trial for murder in Perugia , Italy . The case has given Knox almost pop star status there . She was voted the top woman in an online "  person of the year " poll by an Italian TV channel in December , beating out Carla Bruni , the Italian-born French first lady . Seven of the 11 Facebook pages champion her innocence ; four seem convinced that Knox is pure evil . A sampling of comments : "  No to Amanda . No to her superstardom " ... "  She 's a sociopath " ... "  Everyone is not sure if she is guilty or not and that she will lead us to a new existential awareness . Please shout with me your anger . ... Let 's say no . Let 's say Knox . " Knox and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , 24 , are charged with murdering and sexually assaulting one of Knox 's roommates , British exchange student Meredith Kercher , on November 1 , 2007 . They insist they are innocent and are disputing the allegations . Knox and Sollecito are due back in court today . The last time Knox appeared before the panel of eight judges , she wore a T-shirt quoting The Beatles : "  All you need is love . " Prosecutor Giuliano Mignini alleges that Kercher , 21 , was killed because she refused to participate in a drug-fueled sex game played by Knox , Sollecito , and a third man , Ivory Coast native Rudy Hermann Guede . In court papers , prosecutors stated that Sollecito held Kercher by her wrists while Knox poked at her with a knife and Guede sexually assaulted her . The case is being tried in Perugia , a university town about 115 miles north of Rome that is better known for its chocolate than for its scandalous murder trials . According to the prosecutor 's office , Kercher had been in Italy for two months as part of a year-long course with Leeds University , where she was working toward a degree in European Studies . She shared a house with Knox , a University of Washington student in the same exchange program , and two Italian housemates . The crime scene , which has become a tourist attraction , has been broken into twice , police say . Knox and Sollecito were arrested November 6 , 2007 , and were kept in prison while an investigation continued . The judge overseeing the investigation found both were capable of committing the crime again , fleeing the country or tampering with the evidence . Police sought charges in July 2008 , and they were ordered to trial in October . The trial began January 16 and has been held mostly on weekends . Italian newspapers assigned their top crime reporters , and the case has received unprecedented international coverage . Knox has appeared on the cover of People magazine , which shares a corporate parent with CNN . A random sampling of women on the streets of Rome showed that all of them had heard of the case and most believed Knox and Sollecito were at the very least implicated in the slaying . The superheated publicity surrounding the case helped make Knox a household name in Italy . She is usually portrayed as a femme fatale . Consider these headlines : • "  Sex , lies and stabbings " • "  Lovers without any inhibitions " • "  And in prison , she even tries to sun tan " Italian journalists also have plastered their newspapers with photos they found of Knox on the Internet , especially images that showed her as a "  wild girl . " They pounced on the "  Foxy Knoxy " nickname they found on her MySpace page , even though her parents later explained the high school moniker came from the way Knox played soccer , quick like a fox . Although Italian law limits the publication of court and police records , the media ban is less strict than in many European countries . While it is not exactly legal to publish police investigative reports , no journalist has gone to jail in Italy for doing it . Among the items leaked : Knox 's diary , various police interrogations , photos of Kercher 's body , video of Kercher 's body  which wound up on YouTube but has been pulled  , and video of the Italian forensic police carrying out their investigation . Eventually , even the leaks made headlines , leading to more speculation . Knox can do no right in the Italian media . If she appears reserved and timid in court , she is portrayed as someone with plenty to hide . If she smiles or laughs in court , she 's called disrespectful . As far as the Italian media is concerned , Knox is the mastermind who manipulated those around her and seduced her Italian boyfriend and led him astray . While Knox and Sollecito 's preliminary hearings were being held in October , Guede was convicted of murder after a fast-track trial . His lawyers had hoped that the speedy resolution of the case would give him a break at sentencing . He got 30 years in prison . According to testimony at Guede 's trial , his fingerprints were found in the house , and his DNA was linked to Kercher 's body . He has never denied being in the house the night of the slaying but insists he did n't kill her . He says he had an "  appointment " with her that night and was in the bathroom when she was killed . Sollecito and Knox say they were n't at the house the night of the slaying . They say they both were at Sollecito 's house . But the alibi has been contradicted by witnesses at the trial . Eighty-six media outlets sent 140 journalists to cover the opening of the trial in January , but publicity has waned since then . The Italian 24-hour news channel TG24 no longer breaks into its programming with multiple updates . Knox , for now , has been relegated to the pages preceding the sports or weather report . But Italians love their murder cases , and attention has shifted to other crime news . A mother is accused of killing her toddler son , a husband and wife are accused of multiple killings . Their courtrooms are now filled with spectators who wait in line an hour or more . The Perugia courtroom still is packed , but the long line is gone . That is likely to change , however , as testimony shifts to the defense case .	Murder trial makes American student notorious in Italy Amanda Knox , 21 , is accused with former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito British student Meredith Kercher found dead in house shared with Knox Italian media portrays Knox as seductive femme fatale
Many female travelers are scrubbing India off their destination lists after the horrific gang rape and murder of a Delhi student in December 2012 . According to the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India , 35 % less women visited India in the three months after the attack compared to the same period last year . Since December , rapes have persisted and mass protests have erupted across the country , pointing at inefficiency in dealing with such crimes and an inherent patriarchal nature . But there 's one clear observation from the outcry : some of the voices belong to India 's men . "  Every time I look into the mirror , I want to see a man whose mother , sister , wife and daughter are proud to call their own , " says renowned Bollywood actor and director Farhan Akhtar on the website of his movement formed in March called MARD -- Men Against Rape and Discrimination . Distributing plastic moustaches -- a symbol of masculinity -- at the cricket ground of Eden Gardens in Kolkata in April , Farhan is using his influence to encourage men to become "  real MARDs " -- also meaning "  men " in the national language of Hindi . He is setting out a plan of action with Magic Bus -- an established NGO in India -- that uses sport to engage children from poorer communities , teaching values such as the importance of education , health and gender equality . "  Young people in India do n't have good role models aside from Bollywood and sports people , " says Matthew Spacie , Magic Bus founder . "  Farhan is a great voice addressing young people . " Parvati Pujari , 22 , is one of around 10,000 youth leaders recruited from within communities to deliver the NGO 's programs . She says boys are aware of the rape problem and the need for change . "  But somewhere in their minds , they see girls as weak , " she adds . The programs focus on building confidence in girls , for example , to ask for the ball from boys in a game of football , and encouraging boys to believe girls can play as well as they can . Deepak Kashyap , a psychologist in Mumbai , says the idea of boys being better than girls begins in childhood : "  We 're talking about a country where the female infanticide rate is so high . That says that women are not wanted . Then boys grow up with a sense of entitlement . " But why do men , or boys , go on to rape ? Kashyap says that although pinpointing the reasons are complicated : "  Sex , as much as it 's about sex , is about power . And the only thing that separates rape from usual sex is consent . " He adds that the definition of what it means to be a man can be unclear to children : "  I am gay and when I was growing up , I was always told to be a man , " says Kashyap . "  I just did n't understand what that meant ; does it mean abusing people ? "  The reason why I became a psychologist is to understand myself , the culture , gender and sexuality . " Kaizaad Kotwal co-produces and directs American playwright Eve Ensler 's Vagina Monologues in India with his mother , Mahabanoo Mody Kotwal . American woman allegedly gang-raped in India At first , it was banned in several cities . The play speaks candidly of female sexuality , including issues such as rape and genital mutilation -- a conversation , Kaizaad Kotwal says , India was n't ready to have . But the play is in its 11th year : "  The audiences , right from the start , embraced the play , " says Kotwal . He claims it were mainly theaters -- and sometimes women -- that opposed . "  Patriarchy knows no gender ; it 's a mindset , " says Kotwal . "  It 's an attitude towards women which many women themselves perpetrate . " Although female goddesses and figures are revered in Hinduism , a dominating religion of the country , Kotwal argues : "  The goddess model is very hard for anyone to emulate . "  We 're saying if women fall short of being a goddess , we 'll violate them . In Hindu mythology , many virtuous women are only praised when in subservience to men . " Kashyap says a change in this culture will influence reforms in the legal system . However , some men are worried about what stricter anti-rape laws might mean for them . Goa Citizen 's Welfare Trust formed an NGO in April to protect the region 's men or boys wrongfully accused of rape : "  There are some women who are taking advantage of this law and misusing it , " says founder , Michael Ferns . Dadleancho Ekvott , meaning the unity of men in the local language of Konkani , will work alongside Goa 's police to verify whether a complaint of sexual harassment or rape is genuine by speaking to people surrounding the case . If the accused is thought to be innocent , they will try to prevent his arrest . Although Ferns believes innocent men deserve protection , he admits the problem faced by women in India is in greater need of attention , and men need to take action . However , some believe that this is a battle for women only . "  Research shows -LSB- women 's movements -RSB- need autonomy and self determination , " says Natalie Gyte , head of communications at the Women 's Resource Center  W.R.C.  , the UK umbrella body for women 's charities . "  We have to decide what we want and how we want to achieve it . "  It 's not dissimilar from the Civil Rights movement which had to come from black people to progress it and have something of their own . "  Men ca n't live that reality -LSB- of women 's oppression -RSB- . " So what should men do ? Gyte says : "  Men can listen , educate themselves and challenge sexist behavior whenever they observe it . "  We -LSB- W.R.C. -RSB- are all for men creating their own organizations , but they should be about challenging patriarchal views . " Opinion : Empowered women make nations strong Some men are doing just that . On March 16 , men from different walks of life , from suited office workers to rugged Delhi bikers , gathered in Jantar Mantar -- a well-known protest area in Delhi -- to apologize to women . Holding posters with words such as : "  Delhi women : I 'm sorry , I 'm changing , " this was an alternative response to the rape crisis and the offense rate in the city , known as the crime capital of India . Recent figures from the National Crime Records Bureau show that in 2012 , more women were raped in Delhi -- 585 cases -- than in any other of India 's largest cities . The so-called public apology was organized by India for Integrity , a charity formed by a circle of male friends during the anti-corruption movement in 2011 . They encourage personal responsibility and follow the slogan : "  I am corrupt and change starts with me . " "  This is n't our responsibility , what do you have to be sorry for ? It 's the girl 's fault , " was one such comment co-founder Jonathan Abraham received on the group 's Facebook page , which has over 4,600 likes . "  This is the debate we need to have , encouraging people to introspect . That 's the first step to change , " says Abraham , echoing the philosophy of the late Mohandas Gandhi , leader of the Indian nationalist movement . Kotwal says that although the rape crisis in India can not be denied , this is a problem the world over , citing the U.S. military as one example , where recent Pentagon estimates indicate a 37 % increase in sexual assaults to 26,000 cases last year . But Abraham believes looking at the statistics of other countries is ignoring the fact that there 's a huge problem at home . Nobody believes social overhauls happen overnight . Spacie says change begins with educating today 's youth ; therefore it will take a generation before real transformation is seen . But the efforts of some of India 's gentlemen provide hope that chivalry is alive in a country where a rape crisis is at odds with its image of spirituality and gentleness . But how can the message reach the real culprits ? Kotwal says : "  The message has to constantly be out in the media , public , our discourse , education , corporate and political worlds . "  It 's got to be this drone that you ca n't get away from . We all have to become the message . " Anger , frustration over rapes in India : ` Mindset has n't changed '	Female tourism to India has dropped 35 % in three months after a high-profile rape Men in India are also trying to change mentality , holding protests and campaigns Patriarchy is a mindset women can have as well , says advocate
TIME.com  -- A filmmaker with multiple sclerosis hopes an app he developed will help fellow wheelchair users make cities like New York more accessible . For most people , meeting friends for dinner at a new restaurant , jumping into a taxi or going out for a shopping trip should n't require too much advanced planning . Just show up and walk in . But as Jason DaSilva discovered , these simple actions that he took for granted for the first 25 years of his life harbored hidden obstacles that made them nearly impossible to perform in a wheelchair . Steps , narrow doorways , cracked sidewalks and impossibly long ramps were only some of the barriers he encountered as he tried to navigate New York City , where he lives , from a chair . Most of the subway system is out of reach , since not all stations have elevators . And not all taxis are equipped to load wheelchairs either . Frustrated by his inability to move around as freely as he liked , DaSilva developed AXS Map â $ " a crowdsourcing platform that allows people around the world to rate businesses for accessibility and , most important , to share that information . Because while the Americans With Disabilities Act , enacted by Congress in 1990 , mandated that buildings and other facilities become more accessible to those with disabilities , DaSilva found huge variability in how well the law was executed . TIME.com : The myth of Roosevelt 's wheelchair Beyond that , many buildings constructed before 1990 are exempt from the regulations . AXS Map is n't intended to rate the extent to which a structure is ADA-compliant ; it simply serves as a tool for people with mobility issues to find out which businesses in their community are actually accessible , and to what degree . Launched in 2012 as a website and mobile Web app , AXS Map is powered by Google Maps . Both of the current iterations allow the user to rate several features of local businesses for accessibility , which are tallied into an overall star rating . Much like Yelp and other crowdsourcing platforms , the more data that users contribute , the more useful the app will become . Also like Yelp , with more ratings , the most positive or negative reviews are canceled out so users end up with a solid core of realistic reviews . "  I think it 's critically important that people like Jason are getting involved and creating change in their own right . It is the only way that this effort will be successful , " says Mark Perriello , president and CEO of the American Association of People With Disabilities . "  You see a lot of innovation by people with disabilities ... but the number of people who are participating and changing the future , changing their own future by changing society , is far too few . " TIME.com : Disabled kids get in the game Instead of leaving the ratings for AXS Map up to specialists , DaSilva wanted members of the disabled community to inform and empower themselves , with the help of friends , family and neighbors , by pooling their evaluations of how accessible facilities really are . "  I found that there was a lack of awareness in general around accessibility , " he says . "  People without disabilities do n't realize all the challenges that we face , like is a restroom accessible , is there one small step outside a restaurant that would keep us from being able to get in ? It kind of blows their minds when they start to realize all these little details . Opening up the ratings to the community is an attempt to bridge the gap between people living with mobility issues and the larger communities that we live in . " Failure to adhere to ADA regulations can result in government injunctions , steep civil penalties and lawsuits . But while thorough , the law is complex and often difficult to apply in practice , resulting in the patchwork level of accessibility that DaSilva encountered . Initially , the Department of Justice offered free written advice to business owners who had questions about applying the law , but those letters ended in the mid - '90s . Since then , businesses rely on ADA consultants or lawyers , whose help can be costly , or free ADA-consulting services , which can be difficult to find . Building inspectors are tasked with making sure that state and local codes are followed , and states can request federal certification from the Department of Justice that these codes adhere to or exceed the requirements of ADA . But as DaSilva and others affected by disabilities have found , there can be variation in the extent to which these codes actually address accessibility . For example , the degree of steepness and length of a ramp can render it too challenging for someone in a manual wheelchair ; a fraction of an inch on a door frame can make it too narrow for some chairs . TIME.com : Equipping the disabled And when it comes to older structures , which are more common in cities in like New York , for example , the issues become even more challenging . "  Those facilities have an obligation to remove barriers to the extent that the removal is readily achievable , and that is a multifactor analysis that takes into account the cost of the removal , the difficulty , the resources of the business and a host of other factors , " says Minh Vu , a partner at the legal firm Seyfarth Shaw and leader of its ADA Title III Specialty Practice Team . Additionally , as with any piece of legislation , enforcement is also a major issue . For DaSilva , the app is his legacy for the disabled community . A documentary filmmaker in New York , he was diagnosed with primary progressive multiple sclerosis , a rare , accelerated form of the neurological disorder , after he noticed that his walk began to change in 2005 . With AXS Map , he hopes to help others like him to live as independently as they can . DaSilva and his wife Alice Cook , whom he met while developing the product , have started hosting Mapping Days across the U.S. , bringing together volunteers from the community to map entire neighborhoods in AXS Map . And at the same time , they are raising awareness around accessibility . "  The work I do , this app and the film , is about changing the face of disability . The civil rights movement , the gay and lesbian movement , even the feminist movement all gained traction . But for some reason , the disability movement kind of slowed down , " says DaSilva . "  I 'm trying to find a way to bring it back . " Jason DaSilva 's documentary film , "  When I Walk , " opens theatrically in New York City at IFC Center on October 25 and in Los Angeles on November 1 . This story originally published on TIME.com & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Steps , narrow doorways and cracked sidewalks can make travel difficult in cities Frustrated by his inability to move around , Jason DaSilva developed AXS Map The crowdsourcing platform allows people to rate businesses for accessibility
Lax oversight at the Internal Revenue Service allowed for the singling out of some conservative groups , resulting in lengthy delays in the processing of their applications for federal tax-exempt status , according to a report by the agency 's inspector general released Tuesday . The report found that for more than 18 months beginning in early 2010 the IRS developed and followed a faulty policy to determine whether the applicants were engaged in political activities , which would disqualify the groups from receiving tax-exempt status . "  The IRS used inappropriate criteria that identified for review Tea Party and other organizations applying for tax-exempt status based upon their names or policy positions instead of indications of potential political campaign intervention , " according to the report . President Barack Obama called the report findings "  intolerable and inexcusable . " "  The federal government must conduct itself in a way that 's worthy of the public 's trust , and that 's especially true for the IRS . The IRS must apply the law in a fair and impartial way , and its employees must act with utmost integrity . This report shows that some of its employees failed that test , " the president said in a statement released late Tuesday . Opinion : The real risk of the IRS scandal Obama said he has directed U.S. Secretary of Treasury Jack Lew "  to hold those responsible for these failures accountable . " IRS officials , according to the report , did not consult anyone beyond the agency about the development of the additional screening criteria . They believed that the criteria they came up with was a screening shortcut meant to help with the influx of applications , the report said . The agency 's top watchdog found that the criteria used to flag potential political applications resulted in substantial delays and the request of unnecessary information from the groups . Among the criteria used by IRS officials to flag applications was a "  Be On the Look Out " list , or a BOLO , which was discontinued in 2012 , according to the report . The criteria on the BOLO included : -- Whether "  Tea Party , " "  Patriots " or "  9/12 Project " was referenced in the case file . -- Whether the issues outlined in the application included government spending , government debt or taxes . -- Whether there was advocating or lobbying to "  make America a better place to live . " -- Whether a statement in the case file criticized how the country is being run . -- Whether it advocated education about the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights . The investigation by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration was initiated after congressional complaints began to surface in the media in 2012 that the IRS was targeting conservative groups and holding up applications . Obama struggles with rocky start to second term "  Whether the inappropriate criterion was shorthand for all potential political cases or not , developing and using criteria that focuses on organization names and policy positions instead of the activities permitted under the Treasury regulations does not promote public confidence that tax-exempt laws are being adhered to impartially , " the report said . The IRS welcomed the Treasury inspector general 's report , saying that it agreed that aspects of its original approach in handling the influx of tax-exempt applications was inappropriate . "  The IRS is required by law to determine if organizations are engaging in a legally permissible level of political activity . Centralizing these cases was necessary to achieve consistent treatment , " it said in a statement . The developments came hours after U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced the Justice Department had launched a criminal investigation into whether the IRS politically targeted some conservative groups . "  The FBI is coordinating with the Justice Department to see if any laws were broken in connection with those matters related to the IRS , " Holder said at a briefing . In a written response included in the report , the IRS commissioner of the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division said there was no criminal behavior behind the actions of the agents , but rather inefficient management . IRS in the spotlight : What 's a 501  c   4  ? "  We believe the front-line career employees that made the decisions acted out of a desire for efficiency and not out of any political and partisan viewpoint , " the commissioner wrote . The report found that all of the applications that were sent to the Determinations Unit "  experienced substantial delays in processing . " "  Although the processing of some applications with potential significant political campaign intervention was started soon after receipt , no work was completed on the majority of these applications for 13 months , " it said . The report 's findings indicate that of the 298 cases reviewed by the IRS inspector general as potential political cases not eligible for tax exempt status : 72 contained the name "  tea party , " 11 contained "  9/12 " and 13 contained the word "  patriots , " according to the report . There were 202 cases that did not contain any such reference . Of those applications still open for review , 160 cases were open from 206 days to more than three years -- through two election cycles . Among the recommendations made by the Treasury inspector general : The IRS better document reasons why applications are chosen for review , develop a process to track requests for assistance , develop and provide training to employees before each election cycle and immediately resolve outstanding cases . The report also called on the Department of Treasury to develop guidelines to explain social welfare activity -- the primary factor in obtaining tax-exempt status . "  Although the IRS has taken some action , it will need to do more so that the public has reasonable assurance that applications are processed without unreasonable delay in a fair and impartial manner in the future , " the report said . Lois Lerner , director of tax-exempt organizations for the IRS , acknowledged Friday that the IRS had targeted some groups for further review because they had those words in their names . She said the activity took place at the IRS office in Cincinnati , which handles applications for 501  c   4  status . Opinion : IRS abuses power in targeting tea party But documents suggest at least three other IRS offices did the same . Letters provided to CNN show IRS officials in Washington and California contacted conservative groups to demand more information before approving the groups ' requests for tax-exempt status . The American Center for Law and Justice , a legal group representing numerous conservative organizations , provided CNN with four such letters : one each from IRS offices in Washington ; Cincinnati ; El Monte , California , and Laguna Niguel , California . The IRS did not respond to CNN 's request for comment regarding the letters . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday that he 's "  confident " no one at the White House was involved in the practice . Asked about complaints by some Republican lawmakers for the past couple of years that conservative groups were being unfairly targeted , Carney said he is "  sure some people knew about the stories . But we were not aware of any activity or any review by the inspector general . " Some Republicans criticized the president for not speaking out on the issue immediately . He said he learned about it through news reports Friday . The Republican-led House Ways and Means Committee , which oversees the IRS , announced it will hold a hearing Friday . Slated to testify are Steve Miller , the acting IRS commissioner ; and the Treasury inspector general investigating the complaints , J. Russell George . Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations -- which he chairs -- now needs to expand an investigation already under way . That one has focused on the IRS 's "  failure to enforce the law requiring that tax-exempt 501  c  4s be engaged exclusively in social welfare activities , not partisan politics , " Levin said in a statement . The IRS ' announcement about targeting of some conservative groups raises questions over its impartiality in doing so , he added . Will scandal impact 2014 elections ?	Obama blasts the "  failures " of IRS employees , calls their actions "  wrong " Report finds IRS deliberately targeted groups and delayed applications "  The IRS used inappropriate criteria " for deciding reviews , report says
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced Thursday that the Pentagon will start to ease its enforcement of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the military . Among other things , Gates said the Pentagon is raising the threshold for what constitutes an appropriate level of information necessary to launch a "  credible inquiry " into allegations of homosexual behavior . The change , which will take effect in 30 days and apply to all current cases , is a reflection of "  common sense " and "  common decency , " Gates said . "  These changes reflect some of the insights we have gained over 17 years of implementing the current law , including the need for consistency , oversight and clear standards . " President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , support a legislative repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " which was first enacted in 1993 . Some senior members of the military , however , have expressed concern over the impact of the ban 's repeal on unit cohesion and morale , among other things . Is this the right move ? Share your thoughts Last month , Gates announced the Pentagon had taken the first steps to prepare for a repeal of the policy . Laying the groundwork for such a change will take more than a year , he said . In the interim , he said , the Defense Department will start enforcing the policy "  in a fairer manner . " Gates said Thursday that , moving ahead : • The Pentagon will raise the level of the officer authorized to start a fact-finding inquiry or separation proceeding as a result of alleged homosexual conduct to a general or flag officer in the accused service member 's chain of command . • Only a lieutenant colonel , Navy commander or higher ranking officer will be authorized to conduct a fact-finding inquiry . • Only a general or flag officer in an accused service member 's chain of command will be authorized to initiate expulsion proceedings . • The Pentagon will revise what constitutes credible information to begin an inquiry or separation proceeding . For example , Gates , said , the Defense Department will specify that information given by third parties should be given under oath . The use of "  overheard statements " and "  hearsay " will be discouraged . • The Pentagon will revise what constitutes a "  reliable person " upon which an inquiry can be initiated . According to Gates , "  special scrutiny " will be given to "  third parties who may be motivated to harm a service member . " • Certain categories of confidential information will no longer be used in discharge proceedings , including information provided to lawyers , clergy and psychotherapists . Information provided to a doctor as part of a service member 's medical treatment or to a medical official in the course of a public health inquiry also will not be used in discharge proceedings . Information given for either a security clearance investigation or in the course of seeking professional assistance for domestic or physical abuse also will be excluded . Last month , Gates told members of the Senate Armed Services Committee that "  a guiding principle of our efforts -LSB- to change the policy on gays in the military -RSB- will be to minimize disruption and polarization within the ranks , with special attention paid to those serving on the front lines . " Gates also said the Pentagon will ask the RAND Corp. to update a study it conducted in 1993 on the impact of allowing homosexuals to serve openly in the military . Since the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy was implemented , more than 13,500 service members have been discharged , according to U.S. Rep. Jim Moran , D-Virginia . In 2009 , there were 428 discharges under the policy , the lowest rate of discharge since implementation , he said . The highest year was 2001 , with 1,227 discharges . Sixty-nine percent of Americans believe openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military , according to a February 12-15 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . Twenty-seven percent are opposed to such a change , the survey found . In 1994 , shortly after the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy was implemented , 53 percent of Americans believed openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military , while 41 percent were opposed . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Change is reflection of "  common sense " and "  common decency , " Gates says President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen , support legislative repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Policy forbidding gays to serve open in the military enacted in 1993
CNN  -- Two firefighting boats were moved to a safe distance Wednesday as they awaited help in fighting a fire that erupted on a natural gas rig in the Gulf of Mexico , officials say . "  A third vessel equipped with firefighting capability and  an  improved monitoring system " was expected to arrive around midday , the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement said . A Coast Guard cutter was on hand to "  assess the situation and enforce the security zone , " it said , while another was on the way . Forty-four workers were evacuated from the rig earlier Tuesday after a blowout occurred , officials said . Crew members aboard the Hercules 265 , leased by Houston-based Walter Oil & Gas Corp. , were preparing the well for production when they hit an unexpected pocket of gas . No injuries were reported . Natural gas was leaking at the site , but no oil was being released , the BSEE said after it and the Coast Guard sent flights over the rig Wednesday morning . "  There is no observed sheen on the water surface , " the safety bureau said in a news release . "  As the rig fire continues , the beams supporting the derrick and rig floor have folded and have collapsed over the rig structure , " which is in about 150 feet of water , it said . "  Under BSEE 's direction , Walter Oil & Gas has begun preparations to move a jack-up rig on location to potentially drill a relief well . " The platform , about 60 miles southwest of Grand Isle , Louisiana , exploded around 11:45 p.m. Tuesday , the Coast Guard reported . It said a Coast Guard vessel witnessed the blast . A light sheen about a half-mile wide was initially spotted by environmental inspectors but dissipated "  almost immediately , " the BSEE said . March : Relief wells , ` heavy mud ' plug used in North Sea gas leak CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Firefighting boats are moved out of the fire 's range , BSEE says The blast occurs on a platform roughly 60 miles off Grand Isle , Louisiana Crew members hit an unexpected pocket of gas A Coast Guard vessel witnesses the blast late Tuesday
At least 13 inmates at a Venezuela prison , all of whom were on hunger strike , have died , according to the Ministry for Public Power of Penitentiary Services . Authorities said inmates at the prison became violent and started breaking down the walls and doors of the prison areas , with some breaking into the pharmacy . They proceeded to ingest multiple drugs , including antibiotics , antihypertensive drugs , anti-diabetic agents , anti-epileptic drugs , and alcohol ; intoxicating a group of about 145 prisoners who were treated by medical staff at the facility . The 13 deaths were as a result of ingesting drugs , the ministry statement said . The inmates , all housed at the David Viloria penitentiary center in Lara State , had started their hunger strike on Monday morning to demand the dismissal of an officer of the ministry , who they believed had been appointed director of the center . According to broadcaster Globovision , relatives of prisoners have camped out since Tuesday outside the detention center waiting for the Minister of Penitentiary Services Iris Varela to speak to them . The National Guard has been stationed outside the prison preventing access of media and family . Globovision also states that a total of 720 prisoners have been transferred to other prisons . However , families are still waiting for Varela to provide details of the transfer . According to the ministry , the David Viloria center is one of more than 70 new prison centers in the country . They were intended to phase out the old centers , which were plagued by deplorable conditions , lack of control , anarchy and violation of human rights .	At least 13 inmates die after trouble breaks out at a prison in Venezuela 's Lara State About 145 inmates needed medical care after ingesting drugs from the prison pharmacy Prisoners had been on a hunger strike since Monday to demand dismissal of an officer Relatives of inmates are camped outside the detention center demanding information
New York  CNN  -- Cascading fireworks Wednesday night capped an Independence Day in which new citizens took the oath of allegiance and volunteers helped those affected by deadly storms and a heat wave . Revelers across the country got an early start with beer , barbecue , parades and a massive 10K race in Atlanta . In the nation 's capital , a spectacular fireworks display went ahead as planned , despite the tens of thousands who remain without power in the surrounding region . PBS ' "  A Capital Fourth " included performances by Broadway stars Kelli O'Hara and Matthew Broderick , R&B group Kool & the Gang and country singer Josh Turner . See all of our Independence Day coverage here Several cities scrapped plans to hold their annual fireworks displays over concerns of rising temperatures and dangerously dry conditions . In Boston , authorities delayed the celebrations for about 30 minutes because of storms . "  It 's been in the upper 90s to low 100s all week , " said police spokeswoman Sarah Benavidez of Sheridan County , Wyoming , which issued a fireworks ban across the region . Plans for displays were also canceled in towns across Indiana , including Delphi , where authorities said they were prohibiting even consumer-grade fireworks . In San Diego , fireworks were canceled after they all ignited prematurely at the same time , bewildering spectators and sending some fleeing . There were no injuries reported . As temperatures sizzle , fireworks are even more risky Other areas , still struggling from the economic downturn , opted out of their pyrotechnic plans for a simpler reason : The price tag . "  When you are faced with difficult budget choices , you have to sort out the desirable from the essential , " said New Rochelle Mayor Noam Bramson . "  The city council felt that this was an appropriate cut to make . " But his New York residents , not wanting to miss out on their customary dose of Independence Day explosions , sought out personal donations to make up the difference . A total of $ 60,000 was raised , according to city officials . And one major contributor stood out among the rest : A woman known only as Guru Madeleine . Her organization , the S.E.L.F.-Help Foundation , put forth a $ 50,000 contribution so that the show could go on . "  From the moment that I called to do it , I have felt nothing but joy , " Madeleine said . "  I saw the energy shift in the people , that excitement , and you have to have that . When attitudes are starting to feel hopeless , you have to have something to say ` Let 's go , come on , come on , we can do this . ' " In New York , festivities ended on a somber note when a boat with 27 aboard capsized in Oyster Bay Harbor in Long Island on Wednesday night , throwing dozens watching fireworks into dark waters . There were conflicting reports on how many people died -- with the Nassau County Police Department saying three people while the Coast Guard had two . In Washington , the annual reading of the Declaration of Independence outside the National Archives was one of the day 's main attractions . President Barack Obama marked the holiday with a White House greeting following a naturalization ceremony in the East Room for a group of active-duty U.S. service members . "  Happy Fourth of July , " he told the group . "  I have to tell you , personally , that this is one of my favorite things to do . " The ceremony came less than a month after the Obama administration announced it will stop deporting young illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children if they meet certain requirements . "  It brings me great joy and inspiration because it reminds us that we are a country that is bound together not simply by ethnicity or blood lines , but by fidelity to a set of ideas , " Obama said . Members of the military attended a celebration Wednesday evening at the White House . "  You and your families sacrifice more than most of us can ever know -- all in defense of those God-given rights that were first put to paper 236 years ago : life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , " Obama said . Got ta watch : Bizarre fireworks celebrations Hundreds of thousands of Midwest and mid-Atlantic residents remained without power five days after deadly storms . Charities , including Mountain Mission , stepped in to help West Virginia residents by delivering food and water to a shelter . "  This has really surprised us , " said Mountain Mission 's John Roberts during a stop at the Kanawha City Community Center in Charleston . "  I 've been doing this job for 12 years . We help with a lot of fires , a lot of floods , things like that . This storm snuck up on us . " The holiday commemorates America 's original 13 colonies ' declaring independence from Great Britain in 1776 . July 4 has since become a federal holiday , giving all Americans an annual opportunity to celebrate . In Tennessee , Strawberry Plains resident Diane Wilson , 67 , said the day brings memories of her childhood , particularly one occasion in which she stepped barefoot on a lit sparkler . "  Did n't make me scared of sparklers though , " Wilson said , laughing . "  Just did n't go barefoot much after that . " In New York , Bill Etzel -- a Chicago native -- visited One World Trade Center , the structure in Lower Manhattan emerging from the scene of the September 11 attacks more than a decade ago . "  The Fourth means more today than it ever has before , " said Etzel . Meanwhile , a popular hot dog eating competition brought two reigning champs across the East River to Brooklyn for the annual tradition . ` Black Widow ' smashes hot dog-eating record Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas defended her title Wednesday afternoon at the Nathan 's hot dog eating competition , setting a new women 's world record after downing 45 hot dogs and buns . She weighs about 100 pounds . Her male counterpart , Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut , also defended his title during the competition , tying his world record by downing 68 hot dogs in 10 minutes . His victory Wednesday marks his sixth win at the competition . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano , Frederick Bernas and Nina Ibarra contributed to this report	NEW : In Boston , authorities delay celebrations because of storms A popular hot dog eating competition brought two reigning champs to Brooklyn . President Barack Obama offered a holiday greeting following a naturalization ceremony
CNN  -- A Marine based in North Carolina died during a gun battle with police in Texas after authorities said he killed one person and wounded five others in a shooting spree . The Texas Department of Public Safety said the suspect , Esteban J. Smith , 23 , was stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina . He was killed early Sunday when he exchanged gunfire with a state trooper and a game warden , police said . Smith 's death ended a shooting spree that had covered more than 80 miles and lasted more than two hours . Authorities say Smith killed Alicia Torres , 41 , in the town of Eola in Concho County . She was found dead in her car about 6 a.m. . He also shot one person in Eden at 4:30 a.m. , two people in Brady , then went back to Eden where he wounded one other victim . Smith shot a sheriff 's deputy who came upon the suspect on the highway just north of Eden , police said . State troopers and the game warden arrived on scene a short time later . Two victims , including the deputy , Richard Doane , remain hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries . Three other people were treated at a hospital and released . Authorities found an assault rifle , a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition in Smith 's pickup .	Marine Esteban Smith was based in a Camp Lejeune in North Carolina He was killed Sunday after police say he shot six people in three towns Police found two weapons , hundreds of rounds of ammunition in his truck
CNN  -- Demonstrations swelled in several cities across Yemen on Friday , a week after the country 's president was injured in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . In Sanaa , demonstrators participating in a large protest against President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's continued rule could be heard chanting "  Saleh will fall " and "  The end is near for Saleh , " according to eyewitnesses . In a separate large protest in the city , pro-government demonstrators carried signs of Saleh and chanted , "  We are with you , Saleh , " according to witnesses . Another large demonstration was occurring in Taiz , according to witnesses . Protests were also under way in Ibb and Mukalla , witnesses said . Yemen has been consumed with unrest for months as protesters demand an end to Saleh 's rule . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants . On June 3 , the presidential compound was attacked , injuring Saleh and other senior officials . They went to Saudi Arabia for treatment . Tareq al-Shami , a spokesman for the ruling party said Saleh was in good health and would be returning to Yemen "  within days . " The government has also been battling Islamic militants , including in Zinjibar , an Abyan province town that had been taken over by militants . Yemeni state TV said this week that the government had ousted the militants from Zinjibar . A six-nation Gulf Arab alliance has tried to broker a government-opposition agreement that would lead to Saleh 's departure , but that effort has so far been unsuccessful . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	Demonstrations swell Friday in several Yemen cities Both pro- and anti-government demonstrators are out in force , witnesses say Anti-government protesters are chanting "  Saleh will fall , " witnesses say Pro-government demonstrators chant "  We are with you , Saleh "
CNN  -- Werder Bremen snatched top spot in the German Bundesliga after crushing Freiburg 6-0 on Saturday , as young playmaker Mesut Ozil stole the show . The 21-year-old Germany international set up four goals and scored one himself as the home side moved ahead of previous leaders Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference , with both teams on 26 points . Unbeaten Leverkusen can regain their lead in Sunday 's trip to ailing former champions Bayern Munich , while Hamburg can move up to 26 points with victory at home to Bochum . But Bremen ensured bragging rights for at least 24 hours with a demolition job that left Freiburg just two points above the bottom three . Daniel Jansen and Ozil both hit the woodwork before the latter crossed for striker Hugo Almeida to head home the 33rd-minute opener . Marko Marin doubled the lead 10 minutes after halftime with a freekick , then Ozil teed up Almeida 's second soon after before making it 4-0 on 67 as he collected a long ball and rounded goalkeeper Simon Pouplin . Ozil was fouled in the box by Mohamadou Idrissou to allow Naldo to score from the spot six minutes later , and his cross from the left was converted by Markus Rosenberg on 82 . Schalke moved up to third place with a 2-0 win at home to Hannover , who were mourning the suicide of Germany goalkeeper Robert Enke . There was a minute 's silence before the game to commemorating his death , but it was Schalke who took the lead in the 69th minute as Jefferson Farfan headed home Rafinha 's corner . Jan Moravek sealed victory in the second minute of time added on after Enke 's deputy Florian Fromlowitz blocked a shot by Lukas Schmitz , meaning Schalke ended a three-game winless run -- and extended their unbeaten run to seven -- to move onto 25 points . Defending champions Wolfsburg lost 3-2 at home to Nuremberg , who moved out of the bottom three thanks to Peer Kluge 's last-gasp winner three minutes into stoppage time . Ten-man Stuttgart had to come from behind to earn a 1-1 draw at home to bottom club Hertha Berlin , as Zdravko Kuzmanovic 's 82nd-minute effort canceled out the 49th-minute opener by Adrian Ramos . However , the Serbian was sent off three minutes later for a second booking , but struggling Stuttgart held on . Hoffenheim crushed Cologne 4-0 to move above Hamburg on goal difference , while Borussia Monchengladbach moved away from the relegation zone with a 2-1 victory at Eintracht Frankfurt . Borussia Dortmund hosted Mainz in the late match .	Werder Bremen snatch top spot in Bundesliga on goal difference after crushing Freiburg 6-0 Young Germany international Mesut Ozil sets up four goals and scores one himself Schalke move into third place after 2-0 win over Hannover , who are mourning Robert Enke Bayer Leverkusen can reclaim top spot with a point from Sunday 's trip to Bayern Munich
CNN  -- In a sudden turnaround this week , the Mexican government will provide vigilante groups fighting a drug cartel in western Mexico a path to become recognized , moving away from earlier calls for the groups to disarm . The state of Michoacan , long a flashpoint in Mexico 's drug war , has of late been the scene of fighting between a cartel calling itself the Knights Templar and so-called "  auto-defense " groups that have armed themselves and patrolled the streets . The vigilante groups grew from complaints that the government was not doing enough to protect citizens from the drug cartel . The government acted this month , sending federal forces to the region and ordering the vigilante groups to lay down their weapons . But Mexican President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto appears to have abandoned that call , and instead announced a plan wherein the vigilante forces -- if they meet certain criteria -- can become part of a government-sanctioned Rural Defense Corps . Those members of the auto-defense forces who want to be part of the government forces will be required to pass all the tests that other Mexican law enforcement does , PeÃ ± a Nieto said . "  The government is obligated to provide peace and tranquility to Michoacan , that is what the majority wants , " one of the president 's supporters , lawmaker Emilio Gamboa Patron , told the state-run Notimex news agency . "  The grand majority does not want to live in violence . " The about-face comes as officials said they arrested a high-ranking leader of the Knights Templar . Dionisio Loya Plancarte was arrested in Morelia , Michoacan 's capital , on Monday morning by federal forces , the executive secretary of the National System of Public Security , Monte Alejandro Rubido , said . Loya Plancarte was a major drug trafficking figure in Morelia , the official said . He is known for distributing videos online that reported on cartel activity and threatened other criminal organizations , Rubido said . A 16-year-old minor was apprehended along with the drug cartel figure , Rubido said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and CNNMexico contributed to this report .	Mexico says vigilante groups will have a path to become institutionalized It is a change from an original order for the groups to lay down their arms Certain criteria must be met for fighters to join the government One high-ranking cartel leader was arrested Monday
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  -- A day after Britain 's military launched its first airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq , the question is : Who will be next to join the U.S.-led coalition in its air campaign against the extremists who have seized a swath of Iraq and Syria ? As Turkish soldiers and tanks took up position along the border with Syria on Tuesday , Turkey 's government put a motion before its Parliament asking for authorization to take military action against ISIS -- the terror group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . Lawmakers are expected to debate the measure in a special session Thursday before voting , according to Anadolu , Turkey 's semiofficial news agency . Australian aircraft started flying over Iraq in support of allied operations Wednesday , Prime Minister Tony Abbott told Parliament in Canberra . But the government is awaiting an invitation from Iraq before a final decision is made on whether to commit Australian forces to airstrikes , he said . The Australian mission consists of inflight refueling and electronic surveillance in support of the United States and others . The retired U.S. Marine general tapped to coordinate the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS said there is an opportunity for broad cooperation in the fight , even as the countries involved struggle to define their roles . "  It 's actually an important moment where so many countries from so many different backgrounds share that view  that ISIS poses a threat to the region  , that this is an opportunity to create partnership across those lines of effort that would achieve real effect , " John R. Allen told CNN . Poll : Americans back airstrikes , oppose use of U.S. troops Airstrikes rain down The United States could use the help . The airstrikes have already cost it close to $ 1 billion , according to the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , a military think tank . That number will only rise as costly munitions are used -- and could soar further if more U.S. forces are committed to the operation . The U.S. military said Tuesday that it was the busiest day for airstrikes against ISIS since the military campaign began , with 28 total , including the two UK strikes . More strikes were carried out Wednesday by the United States and a partner nation , the U.S. military said , including around the predominantly Kurdish town of Kobani in Syria , known in Arabic as Ayn al Arab . Other strikes hit ISIS targets in Iraq northwest of Mosul , near the Haditha Dam and northwest of Baghdad . Tuesday , British planes helped Kurdish troops who were fighting ISIS in northwestern Iraq , dropping a bomb on an ISIS heavy weapon position and shooting a missile at an armed pickup truck , the UK 's Defense Ministry said . An initial assessment indicates both strikes were successful , according to the ministry . Britain joins the United States and France as countries that have hit ISIS in Iraq with airstrikes , while Belgium and Denmark have also said they also will provide planes . Of those nations , only the United States -- in partnership with some Arab countries -- have struck ISIS positions in neighboring Syria . When the first coalition airstrikes came in Iraq and Syria , Turkey 's absence was noted . Turkey has said it is offering support to the U.S.-led coalition targeting ISIS , but it has stopped short of joining the 40-some countries that make up the group . Syrian town fears massacre ; Obama admits underestimating ISIS Blast hits school In Syria , where a 3Â 1/2 - year-old civil war rages on between government forces and rebel groups including ISIS , twin blasts struck Wednesday near a school in the nation 's third-largest city , Homs . The death toll has climbed to 39 , with at least 30 children between the ages of 6 and 9 killed , according to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . The toll was confirmed by the London-based monitoring group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which collects information about civilian casualties in the country . An explosives-packed car was detonated minutes before a suicide bomber blew himself up in front of the school Wednesday , Syria 's state-run SANA news agency said . The blasts were timed to coincide with students leaving school , to inflict maximum casualties , it said . The neighborhood that was attacked is predominantly Alawite , a religious minority that is a Shiite offshoot to which Syrian President Bashar al-Assad belongs . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . It was the first such attack in months in Homs , once at the heart of the anti-Assad revolution but now firmly back under government control . Images that aired on state-run Syrian TV showed gruesome images of the aftermath of the blasts , including body parts scattered across a neighborhood in chaos . Ban described the attack on children as "  an act of utmost depravity , " according to a statement released by his office . Refugees flood into Turkey Turkey 's debate over whether to step into the fray comes as the flood of refugees from Syria has escalated , with 150,000 people fleeing to Turkey in recent days . Meanwhile , ISIS fighters armed with tanks and heavy weapons advance on Kobani in northern Syria , destroying villages in their path . Two Kurdish fighters told CNN that three airstrikes were carried out around Kobani early Wednesday , two to the east and one to the west of the town . If ISIS takes Kobani , it will control a complete swath of land from its self-declared capital of Raqqa to the Turkish border , more than 100 kilometers  60 miles  away . It has been fighting for months , capturing portions of northern and eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq for what it says is its new Islamic state , or caliphate . Pro-ISIS sympathies simmer in Jordanian city And Sheikh Hassan , of the Syrian Kurdish National Defense committee , who is in Kobani , said fighting continues to the east , west and south of the town , with neither side having taken more ground . Kurdish fighters and ISIS militants are also exchanging fire near the Syrian village of Siftak to the west of Kobani , south of the Turkish village of Karaca , Kurdish fighter Alan Minbic said . Opinion : To beat ISIS , focus on young people Meanwhile , police officials in Kirkuk , northern Iraq , told CNN that a motorcycle rigged with explosives detonated in a village in northern Kirkuk on Wednesday . At least two people were killed and 11 injured . Two roadside bombs exploded in a commercial area in Mahmoudiya , about 19 miles  31 kilometers  south of Baghdad , police officials in the capital said . At least three people died and 18 others were injured . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Irbil , Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote in London . Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz , Elise Labott , Hamdi Alkhshali , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ingrid Formanek , Adam Levine and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Bomb blasts kill 39 people , including 30 schoolchildren , U.N. chief says U.N. chief condemns attack as an "  act of utmost depravity " Coalition is at an important moment , John R. Allen , retired general , says Turkey deploys troops along its border with Syria as lawmakers consider intervention
CNN  -- Like millions around the world , I owe my early career choices to the Beatles . As a 6-year-old , I stayed up "  late " one Sunday night to watch the Fab Four explode onto the world stage on "  the Ed Sullivan Show . " There were the Saturday afternoons I walked to the Plaza Theater in downtown Glasgow , Kentucky , to watch "  Help ! " and "  A Hard Day 's Night . " I thank Ringo for my love of percussion , which manifested itself via paint brushes and coffee cans until I could get real drums . Fast forward a number of years , and I was an honest-to-goodness musician , touring the world with a number of recording artists . I had a gold record on the wall . December 8 , 1980 , was an off day . On the road with jazz-grass fiddle wizard Vassar Clements , we were somewhere in Pennsylvania . We stayed the night there so a TV crew could follow us the next day as we arrived in New York for a series of shows . The hotel room TV was on "  Monday Night Football " when the world changed . Sportscaster Howard Cosell told us that John Lennon had been shot and killed that night in New York . Share your own memories of that day Our trip to New York took on a different meaning . It was dreary and rainy and cold the next morning as we drove toward the city . Fitting , really . After sound check , the road manager and I took the subway up to Columbus Circle and began walking up Central Park West toward the Dakota , the apartment building where John Lennon lived and where he was shot . As we walked along the sidewalk , it was like someone had thrown a sad , gray , wet blanket on the city . There was traffic on the streets , but the streets were quiet . There were people talking as they scurried , but the air was mute . And as we approached the Dakota , we noticed a flock of birds circling above the building . Not venturing anywhere . Just circling . As if they were standing guard , mourning . "  American Morning 's " John Roberts on Lennon Then , from around the corner , we heard the serenade of "  Give Peace a Chance " and "  Imagine " from the hundreds of fellow fans . Some holding candles . Some holding flowers . All holding memories . We joined them . There was so much sadness that day , so many tears , yet it was overshadowed by peace and love and memories . And music . I 'll never forget it . When my son was born in 1987 , we named him Dakota . Some years later , I traded in life on a tour bus for a different seat , watching history . I traded in the recording studio control room for the CNN control room . Thirty years later , the Beatles , and John Lennon , live on . So does the music . So does the legacy . So does the hope -- that someday the world will give peace a chance . Imagine .	John Lennon died 30 years ago He was shot and killed in New York , near Central Park The Beatle had a lasting impact on many
CNN  -- It was the threats that took the fun out of "  Family Funday . " A Muslim group had sold more than 4,000 tickets to the private event , set for this Sunday at a theme park in suburban London , when park officials canceled it last week . This week , officials went a step further , also closing the 150-acre park 's 150-room hotel for the weekend , a park spokeswoman said Thursday . The event was to have been held at Legoland Windsor Resort , 30 miles west of London . It was to have been "  open to people from all faiths and cultures in an open and welcoming environment without the promotion of any particular ideology , " according to the website for the Muslim Research and Development Foundation . But now -- after critics of the group filled the park 's Facebook page with threats -- it 's not open to anybody . "  Sadly , our right-wing extremists took a huge offense to it , " park spokeswoman Liz Edwards said . "  It 's the saddest thing . " The hotel 's closure was also based on concern over safety , she said . "  We wanted to just ensure that the whole site was secure , " Edwards said . Those who had booked rooms were given refunds , but the move did n't satisfy Sarah Shenton Plews , who posted on the park 's Facebook page that she was "  Extremely upset ! " and asked , "  Can u arrange for someone to come round and tell my 5 yr & 8 yr ???! Well ?? " In response to the posting , the hotel cited the threats : "  Your Safety and security is our number one priority so we 've made the decision to close the whole Resort , including the Hotel for the weekend . " Legoland said it took down its Facebook page for a couple of days at the request of the Thames Valley Police . The Muslim Research and Development Foundation cited far-right groups linked to the English Defence League and "  Christian patrols " for the decision to cancel . "  We should not be intimidated by violent threats to our way of life , " the group said , adding it 's a charity that has consistently promoted nonviolence . "  Unfortunately , during the last few weeks leading up to the event , several right-wing groups including the  English Defence League  and Casuals United along with others threatened both the visitors and employees of Legoland in relation to this planned event . They threatened staff at Legoland , staff at MRDF and aimed to disrupt families on the day of the event . " The Muslim group did not immediately return a call and e-mail seeking further comment . A posting on Casuals United 's blog denied its members had made any threats . "  We are hardly Nazis , we are British people who are standing up for our country , " the entry said . "  Call us Nazis all you want , we do n't care . We stop Islamic extremists , we get results . Any venue this group  tries  to book will get the same treatment . " The English Defence League describes itself as a human rights organization working "  to protect the inalienable rights of all people to protest against radical Islam 's encroachment into the lives of non-Muslims . " It says it is not a far-right group . In a statement , the group accused the Muslim Research and Development Foundation of being led "  by a notorious hate-preacher who has made it quite clear that he is opposed to almost every standard of democracy , decency , morality and inclusiveness that we British see as the cornerstone of our culture " and said it was pleased the event had been canceled . The foundation 's chairman , Sheikh Haitham Al-Haddad , has denied he is extremist . The English Defence League added it "  wholeheartedly " condemned any threats of violence . "  In a country with a long and honorable tradition of peaceful protest there is absolutely no excuse for this and the EDL affirms its commitment to nonviolent action . " In a statement , the Thames Valley Police said it initiated an investigation after being notified about the online threats February 11 but had made no arrests . "  As there is an ongoing police investigation , it would be inappropriate for us to comment further , " police said . In November , another event by the Muslim group -- held at the Chessington World of Adventures , Legoland 's sister park about 45 minutes away -- went off without threats or complaints , park spokeswoman Edwards told CNN . "  We have no idea why this has been different . " Sunday 's cancellation is the first by the park since it opened in 1996 , she said . CNN 's Lucy Pawle contributed to this report .	Legoland Windsor Resort cancels a Muslim group 's plans for "  Family Funday " "  Sadly , our right-wing extremists took a huge offense to it , " park spokeswoman says It 's the first cancellation since the park opened in 1996 , spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Didier Drogba scored twice as Chelsea re-established a five point lead at the top of the English Premier League with a 3-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Manchester United 's 4-1 thumping of Portsmouth had lifted the reigning champions to within two points of the leaders , but Chelsea underlined their title credentials with a dominant display against an Arsenal side whose own ambitions took a severe jolt . Arsenal had plenty of possession in the first half without carving out a clear opportunity , but fell behind to a well-worked goal in the 41st minute . Chelsea captain John Terry found his fellow England international Ashley Cole in space down the left and his crisp cross was met on the volley by Drogba to leave Manuel Almunia with no chance . Just before half time and Arsenal were two down as another excellent Cole cross was accidentally deflected past his own goalkeeper by Belgian international Thomas Vermaelen . Arsenal brought on Theo Walcott after the break and he sparked a brief home rally as they had the ball in the net from Andrei Arsnhavin only for it to be ruled out for an Eduardo foul on Petr Cech . Almunia had to save smartly to keep out a deflection off Frank Lampard , but the third came near the end as Drogba 's unstoppable free-kick sealed the three points . It was the Ivorian international 's 11th league goal of the season and his 10th in 11 appearances against Arsenal in London derbies . It leaves Chelsea on top with 36 points from 14 games , with Manchester United on 31 and Tottenham in third on 26 , one ahead of north-London rivals Arsenals , who have played a game less . In Sunday 's other matches , Liverpool beat Everton 2-0 and Birmingham won 1-0 at Wolves in local derbies . A own goal by Joseph Yobo , who deflected home a shot by Javier Mascherano in the 12th minute , and Dirk Kuyt 's late strike sealed three points for Liverpool in the Merseyside clash at Goodison Park . The victory was welcome relief for underfire manager Rafael Benitez as his team moved up to fifth in the standings after being eliminated from this season 's Champions League in midweek . Lee Bowyer scored a third minute goal for Birmingham to beat Midlands rivals Wolves and move into mid-table .	Didier Drogba scores twice as Chelsea beat Arsenal at Emirates Chelsea re-open five point lead at the top of the English Premier League Liverpool beat Everton 2-0 in Merseyside derby to go fifth in standings Birmingham win 1-0 at Wolves with Lee Bowyer scoring winner
CNN  -- If you 're going to pursue an elusive killer , you sometimes have to get creative . A pioneering study into malaria transmission in Kenya , using data gleaned from the cell phones of nearly 15 million people , has given scientists new clues into how the deadly disease spreads . By tracking the population 's movement over a year using cell phone data and comparing it with detailed information on malaria infection rates across the country , the study reveals how human travel contributes to the disease 's spread . The study , led by researchers at Harvard School of Public Health and seven other institutions , could inform how governments -- particularly in sub-Saharan Africa -- act in future to control the disease 's spread . Malaria deaths are concentrated in that part of the continent . Published in the journal Science on Thursday , the study , "  Quantifying the impact of human mobility on malaria , " gives key insights into a disease that kills a child a minute in Africa , according to the World Health Organization . "  This is the first time that such a massive amount of cell phone data -- from millions of individuals over the course of a year -- has been used , together with detailed infectious disease data , to measure human mobility and understand how a disease is spreading , " said senior author Caroline Buckee , an assistant professor of epidemiology at Harvard . Since the disease is passed on to humans by mosquitoes that carry the malaria parasite , the movement of infected people into areas of lower incidence is an important factor . Between June 2008 and June 2009 , lead author Amy Wesolowski , a Carnegie-Mellon doctoral student , and her team mapped every call or text made by 14,816,521 Kenyan mobile phone subscribers to one of 11,920 cell towers in 692 different settlements . This allowed them to follow the destination and duration of each trip made from the cell phone user 's primary place of residence . Using detailed data from a malaria prevalence map for 2009 , drawn up by the Kenya Medical Research Institute and the Malaria Atlas Project , the researchers determined that malaria largely emanates from western Kenya 's Lake Victoria region and spreads east , chiefly toward the capital , Nairobi . The team "  found that a surprisingly large fraction of ` imported ' infections â $ " that is , infections that are carried by people moving from one place to another â $ " wind up in Nairobi , with infected residents returning there after journeys to spots such as Lake Victoria or the coast , " the news release says . This may lead to an increased risk of local transmission within Nairobi and its surrounding areas , despite the lower number of mosquitoes , or "  malaria vectors , " in urban areas . The research suggests that efforts to control malaria could benefit from a focus on "  source " areas where incidence is high , rather than on areas where fewer people are infected . Human travel patterns mean the parasite is likely repeatedly to be carried back to areas where it has been almost eliminated . The study advises that on a very local scale , "  hot spots of transmission can be targeted by indoor residual spraying , vector habitat removal , insecticides , drug administration , and bed-net use . " But attempts to control transmission by targeting human travel between regions "  will be completely different from those that concentrate on local transmission hot spots , focusing on communicating risks to travelers to alter their behaviors , restricting travel patterns , and/or conducting routine surveillance in high-risk areas . " This could mean encouraging people from areas of high prevalence to use insecticide-treated bed nets when traveling to areas of lower malaria incidence to avoid bringing the parasite with them . It also advises visitors to areas such as Lake Victoria to take greater care not to become infected before their return home . Wesolowski acknowledges certain limitations such as following only cell phone users in areas where there are cell towers and inability to track people 's cross-border movements . However , the importance of such research into one of the world 's largest preventable causes of death should not be underestimated . There were about 216 million cases of malaria worldwide in 2010 and about 655,000 deaths from the disease that year , according to the World Health Organization . Understanding and preventing the disease 's spread from areas of high incidence is a key weapon in the fight against malaria . The innovative research could also point the way for other studies into infectious diseases , helped by ever growing rates of cell phone usage worldwide , and particularly in the developing world . "  As mobile phone data sets become increasingly available and representative of entire populations , we anticipate that studies like the one we present here will become common for understanding a range of different infectious diseases , as well as for gaining greater insight into human behavior on a population level , " the study 's authors say . The WHO 's 2011 world malaria report shows that concerted efforts to tackle the disease can make a difference , with death rates down by more than 25 % globally since 2000 . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Researchers use cell phone data to track movement of about 15 million people Using data on malaria prevalence , they can see how human travel contributes to its spread Many Nairobi residents carry the malaria parasite back with them after traveling elsewhere A child dies every minute in Africa because of malaria
Beijing  CNN  -- After years of being badgered by her parents to get married , 26-year-old Zhang Yu finally had enough . "  I have decided never to marry or have a child , " said Zhang , a university graduate from Changsha , Hunan province , who moved to Shanghai earlier this year to escape her family and jumpstart her career . Zhang 's vow to never marry is rare in a country where educated women are constantly told by their families , friends and the state media that they will be lonely and miserable if they do not find a husband quickly . Yet some women are fighting back by rejecting marriage altogether . Zhang had been living with her parents in Hunan to save money after obtaining her college degree , and for a time , fell sway to her parents ' worries that she would become a "  leftover woman "  or "  shengnv " in Chinese ,  officially defined as an urban , educated woman over age 27 who is single . But upon reading feminist websites , she came to believe the term existed to make women return to the home . She then took a risk by moving to Shanghai without a job and leaving the comforts of home for a dorm room shared with nine other roommates . But she loves her new friends and sense of freedom . "  Men are still thinking in the old ways , but women 's values have evolved . I feel very relaxed now , " said Zhang , who just received a sales job offer . Lan Fang , a 32-year-old client relations manager for a financial company in Shanghai , similarly embraces her single lifestyle . She enjoys a relatively high income of 20,000 RMB a month  around US$ 3,200  and often goes out with friends to dinners , movies and concerts . "  Where I grew up in Nanjing , I saw so many couples getting into big fights , and most of them seemed unhappy . Plus , so many men have affairs , " Lan said . "  My life in Shanghai now is very rich , why would I want to change it ? " Zhang and Lan are in the minority , but their attitudes reflect the reality that marriage in today 's China does little to protect women 's rights . Domestic abuse For example , a Chinese woman has almost no recourse if her husband abuses her . Official statistics show that a quarter of women have experienced intimate partner violence , but feminist activists say that number is an underestimate . Li Ying , an attorney and director of the Yuanzhong Gender Development Center in Beijing , said many women do not recognize they are victims of domestic violence . "  Ask a woman if she has experienced domestic violence and she will say , ` Oh no , of course not ! ' " Li said . "  Ask her if her husband has hit her and she will say yes . " Despite years of intense lobbying by women 's rights groups , the Chinese government has failed to enact targeted legislation to curb domestic violence . "  Judges almost never define a case as ` domestic violence ' because the current law in China is not specific or clear enough , " said Feng Yuan , a leading activist with the Anti-Domestic Violence Network in Beijing . As a result , it is extremely difficult for women to secure protection from a violent partner . ` The most rational choice is to stay single ' Married women also experienced a severe setback to their property rights in 2011 , when the Supreme People 's Court amended China 's Marriage Law to state , essentially , that marital property belongs to the person whose name is on the home deed . In China , that person is usually the husband . According to a 2012 survey by Horizon China of home buying in the cities of Beijing , Shanghai , Guangzhou and Shenzhen , only 30 % of marital home deeds include the woman 's name , even though over 70 % of women contribute to the marital home purchase . This is just one of the ways in which Chinese women have been shut out of arguably the largest accumulation of residential property wealth in history , valued at 3.3 times China 's GDP , according to figures from HSBC . That amounted to more than $ 28 trillion at the end of 2012 . Defenders of the court ruling on marriage argue that women are entitled to compensation for their share of the home payments , but most women do not keep receipts of their contributions . And stay-at-home mothers have even less financial protection in the event of a divorce . Many women are upset about the change in the Marriage Law , but the authoritarian nature of China 's one-party state has prevented a women 's rights movement from gaining traction . "  The institution of marriage basically benefits men , and when women are hurt , this institution does n't protect our rights , " a young woman in Beijing recently told me . "  The most rational choice is to stay single . " Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leta Hong Fincher .	Single , urban , educated woman over age 27 considered "  leftover woman " in China Some women fighting back by rejecting marriage altogether Law affords married woman little protection regarding domestic violence , marital property rights
CNN  -- Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has been charged with violent conduct by the English Football Association after his apparent stamp on Tottenham midfielder Scott Parker during Sunday 's 3-2 Premier League win . Balotelli appeared to catch the side of Parker 's head with his boot after the pair had clashed in the second half at the Etihad Stadium . And to compound the misery for Spurs , Balotelli went on to score a last-minute penalty in the top-of-the-table clash , with his winner putting City eight points clear of third-placed Tottenham . Manchester clubs sink London rivals to move clear at summit An FA statement read : "  The FA has today charged Manchester City forward Mario Balotelli with violent conduct following an incident in his side 's home game against Tottenham Hotspur . "  Balotelli was involved in an incident with Tottenham 's Scott Parker during Manchester City 's 3-2 victory at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday 22 January 2012 . Balotelli has until 6 p.m. on Wednesday 25 January 2012 to respond to the charge . " The incident angered Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp , who told reporters : "  I do n't like people kicking other people in the head on a football pitch . "  It is not something I understand . Why should he go and back-heel someone in the head when he is on the floor ? " Should Balotelli be found guilty , he will be banned for four matches because he has been sent off once already this season . Balotelli would miss the Premier League trips to Everton and Aston Villa , plus the home encounter with Fulham and the second leg of the League Cup semifinal against Liverpool . Controversy has dogged the Italian international since his move to Manchester in August 2010 . He has already been sent off three times in a season-and-a-half at City and has been involved in a number of incidents both on and off the pitch that have publicly angered City manager Roberto Mancini . However , one piece of good news for Mancini on Monday came with the confirmation that the FA has decided not to hand defender Joleon Lescott a violent conduct charge , after the England international appeared to catch Tottenham 's Younes Kaboul in the face with his forearm during the same match .	Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli charged with violent conduct by English FA The charge relates to Balotelli 's apparent stamp on Tottenham midfielder Scott Parker Balotelli scored a last-minute penalty as leaders Manchester City beat Tottenham 3-2 City defender Joleon Lescott escapes any charge for his elbow on Younes Kaboul
CNN  -- Members of a fringe Christian group in China have been rounded up for spreading rumors of an impending apocalypse , pegged to the Mayan calendar . Known as the "  Almighty God " cult , the group latched on to the Mayan doomsday scenario to predict the sun will not shine and electricity will not work for three days beginning on December 21 , an official with the Department of Public Security in the northwest province of Qinghai told CNN . Group members would spread doomsday rumors door-to-door or at public venues and claimed only they could save people 's lives , according to authorities . What a year for China in 2012 -- what about next year ? The state-run Xinhua news agency reported that almost 100 people have been arrested so far , including 37 in Qinghai and 34 in Fujian province in the east of the country . A large number of banners , discs , slogans , books and printing machines were seized by police , Xinhua said . According to Xinhua , the cult was established in 1990 in central China and requires its members to surrender their property to the group . December 21 , 2012 , is the endpoint of a more than 5,000-year Great Cycle marked on the "  Long Count " calendar of the Mayans -- an ancient native American civilization . Some say this date marks the end of the world , while other suggest it marks the beginning of a new era . CNN 's CY Xu contributed to this report .	Police : Members of a cult arrested in China for spreading ` doomsday rumors ' Relates to Mayan prophecy about the world ending on December 21 , 2012 Banners , discs , slogans , books and printing machines were seized by police
CNN  -- Attorneys for 16 Indiana National Guard soldiers on Wednesday sued the largest U.S. contractor in Iraq , alleging the company knowingly exposed the soldiers to a cancer-causing toxic chemical . 16 Indiana National Guardsmen have sued the Houston-based company Kellogg Brown and Root , known as KBR . The lawsuit against Houston-based KBR , which seeks an unspecified amount , alleges that the soldiers were exposed to sodium dichromate , an inorganic compound containing a highly toxic form of chromium known as hexavalent chromium . The soldiers say that they , along with other American civilian contractors , were exposed to the chemical at the Qarmat Ali water pumping plant in southern Iraq shortly after the U.S. invasion in 2003 . KBR was tasked with getting the plant up and running using civilian contractors . The National Guardsmen were assigned to protect the civilian workers . The Guardsmen and civilian contractors who worked there have described walking on and sitting near the bright orange powder that was widely dispersed throughout the grounds of the water plant . The chemical was believed to have been left behind by forces loyal to Saddam Hussein . Some of the Guardsmen already suffer from nasal tumors or respiratory system problems and other health problems , according to the lawsuit . One of the guardsmen may have died from the exposure , though the exact cause of his death earlier this year is still not clear . The odorless sodium dichromate was used at the plant as an anti-corrosive , the lawsuit says . The chemical contained nearly pure hexavalent chromium , the toxic substance that poisoned homeowners in Hinkley , California , and was made famous by activist Erin Brockovich , according to the suit . For the Guardsmen , KBR 's "  knowing acts and omissions " resulted in "  months and months of unprotected , unknowing , direct exposure to one of the most potent carcinogens and mutagenic substances known to man , " the lawsuit alleges . A spokeswoman for KBR said the company was still reviewing the lawsuit , but denied responsibility for creating unsafe conditions at the plant . "  We are not providing comment on the suit at this time . The company does intend to vigorously defend itself , " KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said . The Guardsmen say the company knew about the dangers of exposure to the chemical as far back as 2003 , but did not act to protect the soldiers . "  KBR managers knew full well long ago that this stuff was incredibly dangerous . But there was no information about it for years . And now these soldiers are facing some pretty serious health concerns . They 're going to be stuck with this the rest of their lives , " said Doyle . "  The most frustrating thing is that these guys are finding out years later that they were exposed to something , " said Mike Doyle , one of the Houston attorneys representing the Guardsmen . KBR took issue with the allegation that the company knowingly exposed the soldiers or anyone else and did nothing to help . "  KBR 's commitment to the safety and security of all employees , the troops and those we serve is the company 's top priority , " the statement read . "  KBR appropriately notified the Army Corps of Engineers upon discovery of the existence of the substance on the site and the Corps of Engineers concluded that KBR 's efforts to remediate the situation were effective . Further , the company in no way condones any action that would compromise the safety of those we serve or employ . " Mark McManaway , a father and grandfather , was an Indiana National Guard sergeant at the water plant from May through September 2003 , when the worst exposures are believed to have occurred . He is one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit . "  The worst part is that the military has only just recently advised us that the stuff we were exposed to was much worse than they thought while we were out there , " said McManaway . "  It 's in our bodies , but we do n't know how bad it is . Maybe within the next five years cancers could start showing up . You 've got a ticking time bomb in you -- and when 's it going to go off ? " The U.S. military is not named as a defendant in the lawsuit . The toxic chemical made famous by Brockovich in California was a diluted form of hexavalent chromium that caused serious illnesses after being ingested by homeowners through their water . The chemical the Guardsmen were exposed to in Iraq was a nearly pure form of the chemical and could have been inhaled directly by anyone working at the plant . The U.S. Senate held hearings in August on emerging concerns about the exposure to the toxic chemicals after reports of civilian contractors and their exposure to the chemicals at the water plant . But officials of the National Guard -- and most of the Guardsmen who worked at the plant -- were not even aware of the possible dangers at the time of the hearing . Some heard about for the first time during the televised hearings . Only then did the National Guard begin efforts to find the men , some of whom had already been back in the United States for four years . An estimated 275 American soldiers may have been exposed to the chemical at the water plant , over a period of months through mid - to late-2003 .	Suit says Guardsman , contractors exposed to cancer-causing chemical at Iraq plant Suit alleges KBR knew of contamination threat and did nothing to protect soldiers Some Guardsmen suffer from nasal tumors , respiratory problems KBR says it 's not to blame for creating unsafe conditions at plant
CNN  -- When Wisconsin temple gunman Wade Michael Page arrived at Fort Bragg in 1995 , the sprawling Army base in North Carolina already was home to a small number of white supremacists including three soldiers later convicted in the murder of an African-American couple . The killings launched a military investigation that tightened regulations against extremist activity , but some say such influences persist in today 's armed forces . "  Outside every major military installation , you will have at least two or three active neo-Nazi organizations actively trying to recruit on-duty personnel , " said T.J. Leyden , a former white power skinhead in the U.S. Marines who now conducts anti-extremism training . ` Swimming upstream , ' white supremacist groups still strong Page died in a shootout with police responding to his attack Sunday on a Sikh temple in the Milwaukee suburb of Oak Creek that killed six people and wounded four , including a police officer . He had ties to white supremacist groups and the FBI acknowledges it knew of him , though no formal investigation ever took place . According to Pete Simi , a University of Nebraska criminologist who knew Page , the military experience at Fort Bragg helped instill Page 's allegiance to the white power movement . "  What he told me during the course of our time together was that he really started to identify with the neo-Nazism during his time in the military , " said Simi , who met Page in 2001 while doing a study on white power groups in California . "  And specifically , what he told me at one point was that , if you join the military and you 're not a racist , then you certainly will be by the time you leave . " In particular , Simi told CNN , Page 's military experience bolstered his perception that "  the deck was stacked against whites . " "  He came to feel that there was preferential treatment for African-Americans in the military and whites were always on the short end of the stick , " Simi continued . "  And the more he got into the Nazi ideology , the more he came to see all of society in that way . " While Page knew about neo-Nazis and racist skinheads before joining the Army , "  he really started getting into it during his time in the military , " said Simi , author of "  American Swastika : Inside the White Power Movement 's Hidden Spaces of Hate . " Opinion : Hate with a beat -- White power music Page joined the Army in 1992 and ended up at Fort Bragg in 1995 , around the time that the base became the focus of white extremism in the military when three members of the 82nd Airborne Division stationed there were arrested in connection with the murder of an African-American couple in nearby Fayetteville . Investigators found neo-Nazi materials in the barracks of the men , and all three were eventually convicted . The case prompted a military review that determined 22 soldiers at the base had past or present links to skinhead groups , though investigators concluded there was no organized extremist movement operating among the more than 14,000 troops of the 82nd Airborne at the time . Those who served with Page say he showed racist tendencies then . "  He was involved with white supremacy . He talked about the racial holy war a lot , " said Chris Robillard , who met Page at Fort Bragg in 1995 when both were doing psychological operations training . While describing Page as a close friend and a kind person , Robillard also said that "  when he 'd rant , it would be about mostly any non-white person . " "  I know everyone is going to paint him as a racist with hatred , but that 's not how I remember him , " Robillard said . "  The racial holy war talk I always took as something he would vent about , and not act on it . I never pictured him as someone who would do anything . I thought maybe he was just saying it for attention . " To J.M. Berger , a counterterrorism analyst and editor for IntelWire.Com , the military attracts extremists because of the weapons training it provides . "  One thing that we really have to keep in mind is that extremists are often explicitly interested in joining the military because they get training that they can use later , " Berger told CNN , adding that "  there have been some explicit discussions among leaders of some of these groups that their followers should join the Army to get trained . " In talking to military veterans , Berger said , he hears "  different things from different people . " "  Some say that there 's not a massive problem . Others have expressed concern to me about what they 've seen in the ranks , " he continued . "  And , you know , the military is a massive operation like the U.S. population . There are going to be some people who are problems . " Temple killings put spotlight on ` hate rock ' Page received a general discharge under honorable conditions from the Army in 1998 due to "  discreditable incidents , " according to a Pentagon official who spoke on condition of not being identified . Robillard said Page showed up drunk for duty one morning , which led to his eventual discharge . The two men parted ways until 2000 , when Page visited Robillard at his home in Arkansas . "  He had gone through a dramatic change , " Robillard said of the meeting , the last time he saw Page in person . "  His talk about the racist war was ... more like he really did believe it . " Leyden , the former white supremacist who wrote the book "  Skinhead Confessions : From Hate to Hope , " said he openly displayed his extremist leanings while serving in the Marine Corps in the late 1980s . "  I used to hang a swastika flag on my wall locker and everybody in my unit all the way up to my commander knew it , " he said . "  The only time they ever asked me to take it down was when the commanding general would come through , just so they would n't get in trouble . And afterwards , I would put it right back up and they were perfectly fine with it . " He noted that his brother 's unit had less tolerance for such displays . "  His commanding officer went to the barracks and anything that was racist or seemed to be racist , he made them send it home , " Leyden said . "  So it really depends on the commanding officers and who 's in charge of that base . " After the 1995 murder case involving the three Fort Bragg soldiers , the Army appointed a task force to investigate the extent of white supremacists in its ranks and also started including training against extremism . White supremacist group member pleads guilty According to the Department of Defense website , the task force visited 28 installations and interviewed more than 7,500 soldiers . It found that less than 1 % said they had seen soldiers or civilian employees involved with extremist groups . A decade later , the Southern Law Poverty Center reported in 2006 that some high-profile members of extremist groups were serving in the U.S. military . According to the organization , which tracks hate groups in the United States , the presence of extremists in the military increased with the need to bolster ranks for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Complete coverage : Wisconsin temple shooting	Three Fort Bragg soldiers were convicted in a 1995 racial killing Wade Michael Page served at Fort Bragg from 1995 to 1998 Criminologist : Page "  really started getting into " neo-Nazi ideology in the military
At least 50 people have died in Somalia after drinking contaminated water from a well in northern Mogadishu , an official in that East African country said Thursday . Osman Mohamed , the deputy commissioner for Somalia 's Yaqshid district , told CNN about the deaths among those who drank from the newly constructed well . More than 150 people who had water from that well were recently hospitalized . Hawo Abdi , a mother of four , told CNN that her 8-year-old child is among those who died after drinking the contaminated water . While access to drinkable water has improved in recent years , it still remains a major and sometimes deadly problem in some places . That 's especially true in parts of Africa , and even more so in Somalia , which has some of the lowest rates of water coverage in the world . The United Nations reports that 115 people die every hour in Africa from diseases linked to inferior sanitation , poor hygiene and contaminated water . Of course , available quality drinking water is just one of several pressing issues in Somalia . The country is also dealing with persistent violence , much of it linked to the militant group Al-Shabaab . It was not immediately clear how the water that led to the recent deaths got contaminated , including whether anyone or any group might be responsible .	More than 150 are hospitalized after drinking tainted water from a newly constructed well A mother of four says her 8-year-old child is among at least 50 dead after drinking the water Access to quality drinking water is a big problem in Somalia and other parts of Africa
CNN  -- Britain is withholding a multimillion-dollar aid payment to Rwanda over allegations that it is backing rebels who have been fighting government forces in neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo , a minister said Friday . The M23 rebel group seized the city of Goma in eastern DR Congo 10 days ago after days of heavy clashes with government forces . Read more : Why the world is ignoring Congo war Since then , regional leaders and the African Union have drawn up a plan under which the fighters would withdraw . But despite indicating that they would leave , M23 forces remained in Goma on Friday . "  The government has already set out its concerns over credible and compelling reports of Rwandan involvement with M23 in DRC , " Justine Greening , Britain 's international development secretary , said in a statement . "  We are committed to finding lasting solutions to the conflict in this region and will work with the governments of Rwanda and DRC to secure a peaceful resolution to the situation in eastern DRC . " Read more : DRC rebels say they will leave captured Goma The United Nations and a number of donor countries have accused Rwanda of backing the M23 by providing it with arms , support and even soldiers . Rwandan President Paul Kagame has repeatedly denied the allegation . Rwandan Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo told CNN the measure was "  very unfortunate . " "  It is based on allegations of faulty reports which we have said for the last six months are wrong , " she said . "  Aid should n't be used for political purposes . Peace in the DRC does not depend on Rwanda . We find this measure to be counterproductive . " Read more : Fighting worsens ` deteriorating ' situation in eastern Congo The 21 million pound  $ 33.6 million  sum was due to be paid in December . The international community has been playing games with the DR Congo situation , Mushikiwabo said . "  We are very busy trying to talk to both parties : the M23 and the DRC government . And we are busy brokering deals , and this is very unhelpful , " she said . "  We have said from the beginning that Rwanda did not support any mutiny in the Congolese army . What we regret is the level of hypocrisy . We can not be held responsible for a country that so many people have had a hand in messing up . " She said Rwanda would have to adjust spending on social programs as a result of the British decision . Mark Simmonds , the UK minister for Africa , visited Rwanda last week as part of international efforts to defuse the situation . Calling for the M23 to withdraw from Goma , he said in a statement that "  there can be no attempt to unseat the legitimate government of the Democratic Republic of Congo . " The conflict in DR Congo has forced more than 140,000 people to flee their homes , according to the U.N. refugee agency , on top of those already forced from their homes by previous rounds of fighting in the volatile region . And aid groups warn the conflict risks triggering a broader humanitarian crisis . Doctors Without Borders said Thursday that an "  already fragile humanitarian situation in eastern DRC has deteriorated further " since the seizure of Goma by the rebels . Hundreds of people have been injured , Doctors Without Borders said in a statement . Members of its staff are helping to treat dozens of patients admitted to hospitals in the area with war injuries . Cases of sexual violence have also been reported . "  The most vulnerable are in an increasingly precarious situation , " said Grace Tang , head of mission in North Kivu for Doctors Without Borders . "  The fighting that has plagued this region for decades has not stopped -- people can not return home , they are being displaced from one place to another . " Tang said that the number of people in camps for the displaced has roughly doubled since the latest fighting broke out and that many of the people who have fled have nothing . While the fighting has stopped in Goma for the moment , it carries on elsewhere in North Kivu province , she told CNN . "  Even if  the rebels  do retreat , it does n't mean fighting can not start again at any time , " she added . "  The situation is still very volatile . This is not the end . " Doctors Without Borders has teams in the field and more on standby to respond to any further deterioration , she said . Greening , the British Department for International Development secretary , said her agency would provide a further 18 million pounds in support for immediate humanitarian needs in DR Congo . The money will provide 100,000 people with three months of emergency food assistance , as well as access to clean water , essential household items and emergency education for more than 130,000 people , she said . African leaders who convened in Uganda over the weekend demanded that the M23 group withdraw from Goma as a condition of initiating negotiations . Mixed signals have come from M23 leaders and soldiers this week . South African Minister of Defense Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula told CNN that she had met with the defense ministers of Tanzania and Namibia this week following a request for help from DR Congo , a fellow member of the Southern African Development Community . Mapisa-Nqakula said the defense ministers have called for a hybrid African Union force to be placed in eastern DR Congo to stabilize the situation . She said that they would come up with specific plans of action next week , but that Tanzania had already volunteered to send in a battalion and South Africa to provide logistical support . She said they had been disappointed with the actions of MONUSCO , the U.N. peacekeeping force in eastern DR Congo that essentially looked on when the M23 entered Goma . "  We warned the United Nations about this and asked them to strengthen their mandate before M23 took Goma . All they could do is wave as M23 entered , " she said . "  We are very disappointed , and it 's not like we did n't warn them , " she said . "  We saw that this was going to happen . " She also accused the M23 of multiple human rights violations . South Africa has more than 1,000 soldiers as part of the MONUSCO contingent . The latest unrest continues a cycle of violence and misery in eastern DR Congo , a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . The area has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals after the genocide in that country . The M23 group was named for a peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly Tutsis , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army in April , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised , and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions .	Britain stops a $ 33.6 million aid payment to Rwanda over claims that it backs M23 rebel group Rwanda 's foreign minister says the British decision is based on false allegations The rebel group seized a city in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo last week More than 140,000 people have been forced from their homes by the fighting
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton will win Florida 's Democratic presidential primary Tuesday , CNN projects , although party sanctions have stripped the state of its convention delegates and no Democrats campaigned there . Hillary Clinton addresses a crowd in Davie , Florida , after winning the state 's primary . Published polls showed the New York senator and former first lady was heavily favored in the state . Her leading rivals , South Carolina primary winner Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John Edwards , did not campaign in Florida . They opted to concentrate on next week 's "  Super Tuesday " contests in states such as New York , California , Missouri and Georgia . CNN 's projection is based on precincts reporting results , entrance polls and other statistical models -- including the number of votes outstanding in areas where Clinton was expected to do well . The sanctions make Tuesday night 's results largely meaningless to the Democratic presidential race . Obama described the primary as a "  beauty contest " Tuesday , and his campaign issued a statement declaring the race a tie in the delegate count : "  Zero for Obama , zero for Clinton . " But Clinton has pledged to fight to have the state 's delegates seated at the August convention in Denver , and has increasingly stressed the state 's importance since losing Saturday 's hotly contested primary in South Carolina to Obama . Though Democrats agreed to leave the state off their itineraries in a show of solidarity with the national party , Clinton attended permitted fund-raisers in Florida on Sunday and planned to appear with supporters there after polls closed . And turnout was high for the race even though no delegates were at stake . Nearly 400,000 people cast early or absentee ballots ahead of the primary , and Tuesday 's vote was expected to top the nearly 800,000 who turned out in 2004 . Donna Brazile , who managed former Vice President Al Gore 's presidential bid , said many Democrats were likely to turn out to vote on a state constitutional amendment that would limit property tax increases and expand homestead exemptions . "  People are very afraid this will cut public services , cut back education , " said Brazile , a CNN analyst . "  So the Florida Education Association and all of the unions are spending millions of dollars to get voters to turn out . " E-mail to a friend	Rivals Sens. Barack Obama and John Edwards did not campaign in Florida There were no delegates at stake in Florida Obama and Edwards concentrated efforts on Super Tuesday states
CNN  Ashley Judd is taking on Twitter trolls , who she says make social media an unsafe space with violent threats . Her vow to fight online harassment came after she says she was attacked for expressing an unpopular opinion about a basketball game on Twitter . Judd , a diehard Kentucky Wildcats fan who regularly attends March Madness games , told MSNBC that her tweet to the effect of "  I think Arkansas is playing dirty " was met with vile language and sexually charged threats . Judd retweeted messages that are too explicit to include here . "  Everyone needs to take personal responsibility for what they write and not allowing this misinterpretation and shaming culture on social media to persist , " Judd said . "  And by the way I 'm pressing charges . " The actor , who is also an advocate for women 's rights , added : "  The amount of gender violence that I experience is absolutely extraordinary , and a significant part of my day today will be spent filing police reports at home about gender violence that 's directed at me on social media . " Twitter , trolls and sports collided recently in another high-profile social media fight involving former Major League Baseball pitcher Curt Schilling . Schilling had congratulated his daughter on joining her new college 's softball team in a tweet that was met with sexually menacing replies . He tracked down some of the men who sent inappropriate tweets , resulting in one reportedly being fired from his part-time job with the New York Yankees . Twitter CEO Dick Costolo has admitted the company has a less than stellar track record for cracking down on abusive tweets . "  We suck at dealing with abuse and trolls on the platform and we 've sucked at it for years , " Costolo wrote in a February memo . He told employees that he was embarrassed and took "  personal responsibility " for the company 's failure to address abuse . Costolo said he was committed to addressing the issue . This month the company updated its terms of service to directly combat so-called "  revenge porn " that is posted to the site . Revenge porn is sexually explicit material posted online without the consent of one or more participants . Just today , the company debuted a new feature it says will make the process of reporting abusive tweets to law enforcement more seamless . The site will now email a report that can be shared with law enforcement after a user reports an abusive tweet . "  While we take threats of violence seriously and will suspend responsible accounts when appropriate , we strongly recommend contacting your local law enforcement if you 're concerned about your physical safety , " Twitter says . David Goldman contributed to this report .	Ashley Judd says she was attacked by Twitter trolls after a critical tweet about basketball Judd , an actor and women 's rights advocate , has vowed to press charges
CNN  -- "  American Idol " Season 14 will look a lot like last season -- at least in terms of the judges and the host . Fox has announced that the entire Season 13 crew will return . That means host Ryan Seacrest and judges Jennifer Lopez , Keith Urban and Harry Connick Jr. will all be back witnessing some of the best , and worst , of America 's singers . "  I am thrilled our consummate host , Mr. Ryan Seacrest , is returning for Season 14 , together with Jennifer , Harry and Keith , " "  Idol " creator and executive producer Simon Fuller said . "  Their interaction , warmth and experience made them an absolute joy to watch . I ca n't wait to see their evolution together continue next season . " The reality singing competition has had some upheaval at the judges table over the past few years as it 's struggled with faltering ratings and the lack of any competitors who have reached the heights in the music industry of former winners Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood . Lopez initially joined the show in Season 10 , but left following Season 11 . Season 12 was rife with rumors of a feud between then judges Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj . Urban joined the show that season , replacing rocker Steven Tyler . Ryan Seacrest is the only member that has been with "  Idol " since it premiered in 2002 .	The whole team will be returning for Season 14 Judges have changed over the years Ryan Seacrest has been with show since beginning
This week , the elite owners of the National Football League are considering instituting a 15-yard penalty for any NFL player caught using the N-word on the field . Noble gesture ? Sure . Clueless ? Absolutely . Why is it bad to demean a player of African descent , but the pejorative "  Redskins " is still just fine for use as the name of the Washington football team ? Makes no sense . As a Native American , a citizen of the Oglala Lakota Nation and someone who participates in the Native American community and does n't just claim to be Native American because I have a picture somewhere of a great-grandma who had high cheekbones , I wonder : Hey NFL , why are n't you just as pissed about the R-word ? I 'm not black , and although I find the N-word repugnant and wrong , I 'm not here to rage about it . I 'm here , in fact , to make a point . Throughout the last NFL season , Native Americans diligently and consistently worked to remind the conscientious objector  not the bigot -- you ca n't get much into the brain of a bigot  that Redskin is a racial slur . And we , the descendants of those who survived the Founding Fathers and westward expansion and Christian boarding schools , will not sit idly by as opulent white men tell us that the R-word is n't an epithet and that it 's part of their tradition . Lawmakers step into Washington Redskins name fray Do n't mistake me here , folks . Privilege in sports is n't just white . I encounter African-Americans in Redskins garb and Latinos in Cleveland Indians jerseys . In fact , this was the case last week on the D train here in New York City when , in a moment , I had enough of it all and encountered a tall black man with headphones on his ears and a Redskins lid on his skull . He was standing , and I was standing . We faced each other , backs to the sliding doors , and I remember staring and glaring at his hat , then at his eyes , then up again to his cap . It was n't long , maybe just one stop , before he ripped his headphones off and asked me if I had a problem . "  With your hat , " I said . "  So , yeah , I do . " He paused for a quick second and seemed a bit perplexed by my response . He probably thought I was a mad fan of a different team -- the kind of person who fights in stadium parking lots with beer in his gut and hate in his heart for any insolent denizen who dares don the logo of the visiting team . "  What a privilege , " I continued , "  to be able to walk into a subway and not have to see someone wearing a hat with the stereotypical likeness of your people on it and a racist pejorative to accompany the image . " Opinion : Redskins needs to change And it gets better . I was on a Canadian radio show recently discussing the utter vulgarity of the R-word when a caller said to me , "  You know , it 's so trivial . It 's just a word . ... " "  But is n't ` colored ' just a word , too ? " I barked . "  Would you be so audacious as to make the same argument to an African-American about that word ? " I waited for a loathsome rebuttal , but I all I got in return was dead Canadian air . So , if you 're still curious "  what makes the red man red ? "  Thanks again , Disney 's "  Peter Pan "  , all you have to do is go to New York City and see the bevy of Christopher Columbus statues , and then go to Ohio and see the wiggy white men painted in red-face at the Cleveland Indians game and then end up back in Landover , Maryland , where the white and black and brown Washington Redskins taunt you , and then still ask : "  What 's the big deal ? " Here 's the big deal . It 's wrong . I recently asked my Native elder in the West about what he thinks of the term . He said , "  I 'm not red ... I 'm pissed . " And so am I -- because if you 're not pissed , you 're not paying attention . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Simon Moya-Smith : Why is it bad to use the N-word but OK to call an NFL team the R-word ? The NFL may institute a 15-yard penalty for any player using derogatory racial language Moya-Smith : Names such as the Washington Redskins or the Cleveland Indians are wrong
CNN  -- An Oregon sheriff says he will not enforce any federal regulation that President Barack Obama lays out in his package of gun control proposals Wednesday . Linn County Sheriff Tim Mueller joins several other public officials across the nation who have decided to square off with the White House even before it outlines what its plans are for expanded measures . Mueller sent a letter to Vice President Joe Biden this week saying he wo n't enforce any federal regulation "  offending the constitutional rights of my citizens . " He wo n't permit federal officers to come to his county to enforce such laws either , he said . Mueller 's defiant stand exploded into a groundswell of support . His letter -- posted on the department 's Facebook page -- earned more than 59,000 likes and shares -- and was growing by the minute . Over the weekend , Sheriff Denny Peyman of Jackson County , Kentucky , said that he too would disobey any directive from the administration . He told residents in a town hall meeting that the sheriff has more power than the federal government . "  They need to go back and study that . We are a commonwealth . I can ask federal people to leave , they have to leave . I can ask state people to leave , they have to leave , " he said . But Wednesday on CNN , Peyman said he would enforce laws approved by Congress . "  If it goes through Congress , if it becomes law , if it goes that way , yeah , I 'd enforce the law , " he said . In Texas , a lawmaker said this week that he will introduce legislation that would make it illegal to enforce a federal gun ban . "  At some point there needs to be a showdown between the states and the federal government over the Supremacy Clause , " Republican Rep. Steve Toth told WOAI 1200-AM . "  It is our responsibility to push back when those laws are infringed by King Obama . " New York passes first gun control bill since Newtown Local officials do n't get to make that call , CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  A sheriff does not get to decide whether laws are constitutional , " he said . "  Unless a court invalidates a law , he 's obligated to enforce it . " In any event , local police would n't be responsible for enforcing federal gun laws , CNN Legal Analyst Paul Callan said . "  The FBI will be enforcing them , treasury agents will enforce them . It wo n't be local police who would be out making sure federal gun regulations are enforced , " he said . Obama 's proposals Wednesday largely draw on the work of a task force chaired by Biden . An official familiar with the process said the president 's proposal will include universal background checks and bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines . Other recommendations by Biden 's panel include tougher enforcement of existing laws , legislators briefed by the vice president said Tuesday . Support surprises sheriff In Linn County , the support for Mueller 's letter caught the sheriff 's office by surprise . "  Sheriff Tim Mueller is humbled and amazed at the support people near and far have expressed to his letter . Thank you ! " said a post on the department 's Facebook page . A post by Jill Leiser Crowley of Eugene expressed the opinions of many . Senator : Obama acting like a ` king ' "  Thank you for standing up for our Constitutional Rights !!! " it said . "  You are doing the right thing for the people of Linn County - I can only hope other counties will follow !!! " But Karin Hunt , another Oregonian , questioned the sheriff 's stance . "  I would expect  an  officer to enforce the laws of Oregon and the U.S.A. whether he agrees with the law or not , " she said . "  That 's taking the law into your own hands . " The White House knows it can expect a fight . "  Part of the challenge we confront is that even the slightest hint of some sensible , responsible legislation in this area fans this notion that somehow , ` Here it comes , everybody 's guns are going to be taken away , ' " Obama said Monday . Getting any legislation passed may prove to be difficult . The influential National Rifle Association , among other gun rights groups , has vowed to fight tooth and nail against any new gun restrictions -- like an assault weapons ban , which the group 's president , David Keene , predicted Sunday would n't make it through Congress . Polls support change Although some officials have come out against new gun control laws , Americans as a whole are looking for some sort of change after the Newtown , Connecticut , shootings last month that took the lives of 20 grade school children and seven adults . By a 51 % -45 % margin , Americans questioned in a new Pew Research Center poll said it was more important to control gun ownership than to protect gun rights . And by a 52 % -35 % margin , a new ABC News/Washington Post survey indicates the public says it is more likely to support some forms of gun control after last month 's massacre . However , the polls showed continuing divisions along political and gender lines . Still , one Oregon resident warned against passing laws that would conflict with the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms . "  Constitutional changes must be made properly with Congressional and judicial approval , and by a majority of the citizens of the USA , not by the order of a tyrant in Washington D.C. !!! " said Rick Carter of Pendleton . "  I stand with the brave Sheriff ! " The battle lines could not be clearer . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Kentucky sheriff now says he would enforce gun laws approved by Congress Sheriffs ca n't choose which laws to enforce , CNN legal analyst says Tens of thousands of Facebook postings support sheriff The controversy is over rules the Obama administration proposed Wednesday
CNN  -- How many years would you like to live ? Seriously : If you had a choice , what would the number be ? By the side of an expressway the other afternoon , I saw a billboard paid for by Prudential , the big insurance and financial-services company . The message , in letters large enough that no motorist zipping by could miss them : "  The First Person To Live To 150 Is Alive Today . " For centuries , scientists have been debating theories about just how long , with proper health care and judicious personal habits , the human lifespan can extend . In recent years , the 150 number has been up for discussion . Some have scoffed at that prospect , but insurance-company actuaries and retirement-planning accountants are not known for wacky practical jokes -- they are as somber-eyed as funeral directors as they calculate just how big a risk they run while writing policies for their customers of various ages -- so the sight of that Prudential billboard was a little jarring . I contacted Prudential 's corporate headquarters , and the company forwarded to me a table of federal statistics showing the lengthening average lifespans in the U.S. over the past 80 or so years . In 1930 , the average life expectancy  measured at birth  of Americans was 59.7 years . By 1940 , it had grown to 62.9 . 1950 : 68.2 . 1960 : 69.7 . 1970 : 70.8 . 1980 : 73.7 1990 : 75.4 . 2000 : 77 . 2010 : 78.7 . Whether infants born today are entering a world in which 150th birthdays will eventually become if not common then at least possible , the thought raises separate issues for insurance and financial-planning firms than it does for the rest of us . For those companies , the prospect provides marketing opportunities . But for everyone else , it prompts the vexing question : Would you really want to live that long ? Medical advances and emphasis on nutrition and keeping fit notwithstanding , can you imagine what it would be like to reach the age of 75 and think that you might only be halfway home ? To put it in perspective : A person who was 150 today would have been born while the Civil War was still being fought . Longer is better ; that 's what we have always been taught to assume about a lifespan . And changes in the way we live have , in fact , transformed our expectations for what the metrics of a full life are . An emphasis on the benefits of healthy eating and regular exercise has altered the texture of American life . In the 1950s , had a man been seen sprinting down the street in a residential neighborhood in the middle of the day , some people 's instinct would have been to immediately holler , "  Stop , thief ! " Today , the streets would seem barren without the sight of runners and joggers doing their daily best to keep in shape . Smoking cigarettes has evolved from a national habit into something regarded as almost illicit . I thought of the late Ray Kroc , who built McDonald 's into an international business behemoth by relentlessly marketing burgers and fries , the other morning when I walked by one of the company 's restaurants and saw that the one and only item being promoted on its marquee was "  Blueberry Pomegranate Smoothies . " For the past 10 years , Dairy Queens have been aggressively pushing salads . And woe be to any restaurateur who is not fully cognizant of the importance of a pair of words that , just a decade or two ago , would have sounded vaguely alien : "  gluten-free . " But as we head toward a time when 150-year-olds may be walking among us , it 's not illogical to consider whether that would really be such a wonderful thing . To some people , the very thought of it is undoubtedly more than a little exhausting . If such a possibility does come to pass , what will happen to the retirement age ? Will Americans be expected to work until they 're 110 ? And if you think Social Security and the finances of long-term medical care are controversial subjects now ... Expectations about the passage of time are changing , and we take note of it as we observe the career trajectories of public figures . When Mick Jagger turned 30 in 1973 , some people theorized that the Rolling Stones ' days of touring might be numbered . Could a rock band , no matter how skilled , still find an audience when its members were in their 30s ? But the Rolling Stones are on tour this summer , and next month Jagger will turn 70 . The band 's drummer , Charlie Watts , is 72 , the same age as Dick Cheney . Yet it 's unlikely that the world has seen the last Rolling Stones show . But it 's one thing for Jagger to be singing in packed stadiums at 70 ; it would be quite another if someone were to tap him on the shoulder and tell him that he still had more than half of his life ahead of him . When Frank Sinatra was in his 70s , I visited with him backstage before what would turn out to be his last Chicago concert performance . That night , he went out onto the stage , and at one point he lifted a glass and offered a toast to his audience : "  I hope you live to be 675 years old , and the last voice you hear is mine . " No one is talking about being 675 yet , but Prudential is raising the possibility of 150 , and it will be instructive to see whether people embrace the notion of being around that long or if the proposition of that protracted a slog gives them the chills . This is the first weekend of calendar summer , a good time to reflect upon such matters . Summers are fleeting and precious ; we have always known that . They 're over almost before they have begun . You are only given so many . But , even acknowledging that , it would seem supremely odd for some future 25-year-old to routinely think , on the first day of summer : I 'd better savor these warm days and nights . After this year , I may only have 125 summers left . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene saw a billboard saying "  The First Person To Live To 150 Is Alive Today " Greene : We live longer than ever due to medical advances , good nutrition , keeping fit Greene : Still , a person who was 150 today would have been born during Civil War He asks : But who wants to be 75 and be aware that you 've got another 75 years to go ?
CNN  -- The number of states under heat advisories diminished to 15 Tuesday evening . Dangerous heat is expected across parts of northern Texas through Thursday evening , according to the National Weather Service . Dallas , Fort Worth , Arlington and other areas will experience afternoon heat indices of 105 degrees or more through Thursday . Other states still sweltering under heat advisories include Oklahoma , Louisiana , Arkansas , Missouri , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Tennessee , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina and Virginia . Many Tennesseans should expect the heat index to be between 110 and 114 degrees for the rest of the week , according to the National Weather Service . "  I just had to stop once in a while and catch a breath , it was just that tough to breathe , " said Marion , Illinois , resident Ceasar Maragni , who opted to stay inside Tuesday after a swampy Monday evening trip to the Williamson County Fair . Even the frozen lemonade vendor was lagging with few customers in the nearly 100-degree evening heat , he said . Other areas of the country not under heat advisories touted new record highs Tuesday . Newark , New Jersey , broke its previous record of 98 , set in 1966 , when it hit 99 degrees . JFK Airport and Islip , New York , did the same , reporting 97 and 93 degrees respectively , beating 1993 records of 94 degrees at JFK and 91 in Islip . In central Oklahoma , temperatures in some places shot past the 100 mark for the 14th consecutive day Tuesday . Highs in much of the state are likely to flirt with triple-digits for almost another week , according to the National Weather Service . High demand for water amid the heat wave and problems with soil shrinking as the ground warms has resulted in burst pipes and low water pressure in Oklahoma City , prompting officials to issue mandatory water-use restrictions for the first time in at least a decade , according to utilities department spokeswoman Debbie Ragan . More than 200 people have suffered from heat-related emergencies in Tulsa and Oklahoma City since June 17 , when the agency issued its first heat alert , said Lara O'Leary , spokeswoman for the Emergency Medical Services Authority of Oklahoma . The heat has been so extreme that a portion of the Cimarron Turnpike in Pawnee County , Oklahoma , buckled on Sunday , creating a 2-foot ramp that sent a motorcyclist flying 150 feet through the air . In addition to the discomfort and potential danger , the heat could wreak havoc on crops , especially corn , said Chad Hart , assistant professor of agricultural economics at Iowa State University . The heat wave comes at a sensitive time for corn , he said . "  That 's why markets are watching the heat wave . We 're entering a period of time when corn pollinates , and so if you get a heat wave in the early - to mid-part of July across Iowa , Illinois and Indiana , it can have a big impact , " he said . "  The last time we had a big heat wave and drought was in 1988 , and that year we saw corn production fall off by over 30 % ... so if we think of where we are today with already-high corn prices , a true drought scenario can push prices to highs we 've never seen before . " Temperatures will return to nearly normal summertime levels by Wednesday throughout the Northeast , said Chris Vaccaro , a spokesman for the National Weather Service . High pressure over the Plains is keeping the weather pattern stable , allowing heat to build and expand up the Eastern Seaboard . A cooler , dryer weather system is nibbling at the northern edges of the heat wave , threatening to exchange high temperatures for potentially dangerous thunderstorms , according to forecasters . There 's not quite so much relief in store for residents of the lower Midwest and South . "  This has been going on all weekend and will continue into this week , " Vaccaro said . In Oklahoma City , forecasters are calling for nearly another full week of temperatures near or above 100 degrees , threatening to break a 1936 record for 22 consecutive days of such heat . Nighttime will bring little solace . While record - and near-record daytime highs are being set , many areas are also experiencing record warm lows at night . For instance , the low temperature of 83 recorded early Tuesday in North Little Rock , Arkansas , set a new record for the warmest low in July , Vaccaro said . Warm nights are a problem for people without air conditioning , he said . "  If you 're exposed to the outside elements , your body ca n't cool down at night , " he said . The heat has already claimed at least one victim , a 51-year-old man in Granite City , Illinois , who died Sunday because of the excessive heat , according to the Madison County coroner . Mitsunari Uechi was found unresponsive in his mobile home , where the air conditioning was not working . Police described the residence as "  extremely hot , " Coroner Stephen Nonn said in a written statement . Several high-temperature records have been broken recently . Wichita , Kansas , hit 111 degrees Sunday . The National Weather Service says temperatures of 111 degrees have occurred there only 10 times since July 1888 . Forecasters say people should limit outdoor activity during the hottest portions of the day , wear lightweight clothing , drink plenty of water and be watchful for signs of heat exhaustion , which include heavy sweating , pale and clammy skin , weak pulse , fainting and vomiting . CNN 's Monica O'Connor , Meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , Ed Payne , Karen Smith and Chelsea Bailey contributed to this report .	The National Weather Service has taken down heat advisories in some states The heat wave could harm crops , especially corn Oklahoma City gets a bit of a break after 13 straight day over 100 degrees Parts of New Jersey , New York also reported record highs
Hong Kong  CNN  Hong Kong 's unpopular chief executive C.Y. Leung , nicknamed "  the wolf " by detractors , has one Lunar New Year 's request for his city 's people : Be more like sheep . "  Last year was no easy ride for Hong Kong , " said the pro-Beijing leader in an official statement released Wednesday . "  In the coming year , I hope that all people in Hong Kong will take inspiration from the sheep 's character and pull together in an accommodating manner to work for Hong Kong 's future . "  Sheep are widely seen to be mild and gentle animals living peacefully in groups , " explained Leung . At first glance , the statement might seem innocent enough -- perhaps even cute . But it 's a sharp rebuke to thousands of Hong Kongers who staged a massive protest just three months ago in an unsuccessful call for Leung 's resignation . Popularly known as the "  Umbrella Movement , " demonstrators occupied major roads for over two months and demanded genuine universal suffrage : the right to nominate and elect their next leader . Leung -- who was elected by a small committee dominated by Beijing loyalists -- staunchly resisted the protests . Alan Leong , a legislator who participated in the demonstrations , was horrified by Leung 's New Year wish . "  Does he know he has been called a wolf by Hong Kong people ? " he said . "  So is it the wolf speaking , wanting Hong Kong people to behave like sheep , so as to be slaughtered and eaten up by him ? "  I think it 's crazy , and he is sick . " The leader 's lupine nickname is well-known in the city . In late 2013 , a protester hurled an IKEA stuffed wolf at Leung , causing the toy to sell out in stores across the city . Although Hong Kong 's pro-democracy street occupations have been dispersed , fierce discontent remains among residents who feel the former British colony 's values are collapsing under the weight of mainland China 's influence . Protesters have repeatedly vowed to organize new forms of civil disobedience this year . When the largest street camps were cleared in December , many demonstrators left banners with a simple message : "  We 'll be back . "	Hong Kong 's pro-Beijing leader C.Y. Leung asks city 's residents to be like ` sheep ' Leung 's nickname among detractors is ` wolf '
Sol Kerzner is the founder , CEO and chairman of the board of Kerzner International Holdings Limited  formerly Sun International  . Mr. Kerzner has gained international acclaim for his imaginatively designed , high-quality resorts and business acumen . His career spans some 40 years in the hotel/resort and casino industries . He founded both of Southern Africa 's largest hotel groups , played a pivotal role in the development of the tourism industries in Mauritius and The Bahamas , and continues to develop industry leading projects in unique destinations throughout the world . Sol Kerzner , the youngest of four children , was born on August 23 , 1935 in a lower-class suburb of Johannesburg to Russian immigrants . In 1958 , Mr. Kerzner graduated as a chartered accountant from the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg and immediately joined one of Durban 's largest firms , where , by age 25 , he was named a junior partner . Mr. Kerzner 's career in hospitality began in 1960 with the purchase of The Palace Hotel in Durban . Following the success of that and a second hotel , Mr. Kerzner bought and developed an underdeveloped site north of Durban , an area with little apparent tourist appeal . Contacts from his accounting days backed his revolutionary concept of a complete resort with entertainment and sporting facilities and a variety of specialty restaurants and bars . The result was the Beverly Hills Hotel , the first five-star hotel built in South Africa . It opened in December 1964 and within a year was acclaimed as a premier resort for local and international tourists . Following the Beverly Hills , Mr. Kerzner built the 450-room Elangeni , overlooking Durban 's beachfront . And , in 1969 , in partnership with South African Breweries , he established the chain of Southern Sun Hotels , which by 1983 was operating 30 luxury hotels with more than 5,000 rooms . In 1975 , Mr. Kerzner opened his first international hotel , Le Saint Géran , in the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius . While in South Africa , Mr. Kerzner developed Sun City , the most ambitious resort development in Africa . This project included the development of four hotels , a man-made lake , two golf courses , an entertainment center with an indoor 6,000-seat arena , over 1 million hand-planted trees , a casino , two golf courses , and a series of water rides and attractions . In 1994 , Mr. Kerzner made his first major acquisition outside Africa through the purchase of the Paradise Island Resort in The Bahamas . This 1,150-room resort and casino had fallen into bankruptcy . Immediately after acquiring the resort , Mr. Kerzner launched a major re-development and expansion program turning the Atlantis , Paradise Island into a 2,300-room resort and casino that also includes the world 's largest man-made marine habitat , the largest casino entertainment center in the Caribbean , a world-class marina and other attractions . In 1996 , Mr. Kerzner opened the Mohegan Sun gaming resort in Connecticut , occupying 240 acres on the Thames River . This was as a result of negotiating a unique agreement with the Mohegan Indian Nation . Recently , the property has been expanded through a $ 1 billion investment and is now one of the two largest gaming and entertainment resorts in the United States . Kerzner is extending its Atlantis brand globally with the development of Atlantis , The Palm , Dubai . An approximately 2,000 room , water-themed resort expected to open in 2008 , currently being constructed on The Palm , Jumeirah , a multi-billion dollar leisure and residential development in Dubai . In the United Kingdom , Kerzner is currently developing a casino in Northampton and received a Certificate of Consent from the UK Gaming Board in 2004 . Throughout his career , Sol Kerzner has been bestowed with a number of global awards , including Hotels Magazine 's 2004 Hotelier of the World , Las Vegas Hotel & Restaurant Show 's International Hotelier of the Year for 2005 and a lifetime achievement award from the Federated Hospitality Association of South Africa . In 1992 he was the first non-American to be admitted to the U.S. Gaming Hall of Fame . E-mail to a friend	Kerzner was born in Johannesburg , South Africa , in 1935 His first hotel purchase was The Palace Hotel in Durban , in 1960 Kerzner was the first non-American in the U.S. Gaming Hall of Fame
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Two months . It looks like it might be that long before a local grand jury decides whether to bring charges in the death of Michael Brown -- the loud , passionate calls for swift justice notwithstanding . The shooting of the African-American teenager by a white Ferguson , Missouri , police officer has sparked days of demonstrations and nights of often violence protests in the St. Louis suburb . St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch told CNN affiliate KMOV that his office planned to begin presenting the case to a grand jury Wednesday . The grand jury could levy significant charges against Darren Wilson , the police officer who shot and killed the 18-year-old Brown . But McCulloch suggested Wednesday that any action -- charges or no charges -- wo n't come any time soon . "  The aspirational time is by mid-October to have everything completed , " the prosecutor told the station . Granted , McCulloch is n't the only law enforcement leader whose office could take action against Wilson . One other such leader -- U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder -- spent Wednesday in and around Ferguson , Missouri , talking with residents , leaders and the man charged with maintaining security in the city after nearly two weeks of unrest . The most high-profile figure in President Barack Obama 's administration to visit Ferguson , Holder has stressed that the federal government is on the case and listening -- both to protesters calling for Wilson 's arrest and for an end to what they describe as a heavy-handed police response , and to residents and law enforcement officers challenged with looting and violence from some in the crowd . Holder joined dozens of FBI agents who have swarmed on the eastern Missouri city , as the U.S. Justice Department 's civil rights division probes the case . But for charges and a conviction in a federal civil rights case , authorities would have to prove "  racial hostility , " according to CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , should they argue that Wilson somehow targeted Brown . Holder himself acknowledged this distinction Wednesday , saying that he hoped all of the investigative work being done has a positive impact . That said -- for all the symbolic significance of a sitting attorney general visiting the site of an active investigation -- what happens in the St. Louis County courts may more likely impact activists ' bottom line : justice for Brown 's family in the form of Wilson 's arrest . On the local level , Missouri 's governor could appoint a special prosecutor to the case in place of McCulloch . Antonio French , a St. Louis alderman who has been a protest fixture , thinks installing a special prosecutor would be smart given the African-American community 's distrust of the county prosecutor and law enforcement in general . Perception equates to reality if it means that citizens do n't trust McCulloch , French said . "  We 're trying to restore faith in the justice system , " said French , who claimed McCulloch 's "  relationship with the African-American community has not been good for a long time . " For his part , McCulloch told KMOV that he wants the case to proceed through the grand jury "  expeditiously " but also "  thoroughly . " "  We 're not going to rush it through , and we 're not going to leave anything out , " he said . "  They will have absolutely everything that there is , every piece of paper , every photograph , every bit of physical evidence , all the forensic information . " Assuming McCulloch stays in charge and his grand jury timeline holds , French said that having weeks and weeks go by will only aggravate the situation . "  I think the people expect to see something by now , " he said . "  And they 're getting frustrated . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Wilson backers challenged , then whisked away While not as large in number as previous days , protesters were out again Wednesday night . One thing different this time around : a man and a woman who held up a sign that read , "  Justice for Police Officer Wilson . " Dawn , a restaurant employee who asked not to be identified by her full name because she believed that Wilson 's supporters could be endangered , said , "  We just feel like we have a First Amendment right like everyone else . If they 're calling for justice , we need justice for everyone . " The man alongside her , Chuck , added : "  All our friends think we 're crazy , but someone has to take a stand . " The pair quickly drew dozens of Brown family supporters , who converged and yelled at them . Yet the commotion ended quickly when the two Wilson supporters were whisked away . On Tuesday night , hours of relative calm were upended when someone threw a bottle at police . Officers -- lined up in front of businesses , wearing helms and shields -- responded by sprinting after young men . This prompted a handful of protesters to toss more bottles , glass and plastic . Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson , who is in charge of security , later told reporters someone threw urine on police . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests After the chase , the number of riot police ballooned . Officers brought out dogs . One officer used pepper spray on some in the crowd . Protesters locked hands in front of a police line , and some urged the crowd to remain peaceful . Others , wearing T-shirts printed with the word "  peacekeeper , " tried to defuse tensions . Johnson credited them for preventing further escalation . Police arrested 47 people , Johnson said , including a car full of people who he said were armed and threatened to shoot an officer . At least one officer also threatened a protester : The St. Louis County Police Department said an officer from nearby St. Ann was suspended indefinitely after pointing an assault rifle at a "  peaceful " protester . Video showed the St. Ann officer cursing and threatening to kill a protester . Russel Honore , a retired Army general who handled crowd control in the chaos that ensued after Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans in 2005 , was among those critics of the law enforcement response . Looking at crowd members through the scope of a gun sends the wrong message , he said . "  You 're there to protect people , " Honore added . "  They need to sense that from you . " Holder : ` We need concrete action to change things ' In his public comments , Holder has urged law enforcement to show restraint and respect people 's right to protest , while he has condemned looting and violence by protesters . On Wednesday , he made it personal as well . In addition to meeting with Michael Brown 's parents , Holder talked at nearby Florissant Valley Community College about his own experiences as a black man with racial profiling -- including once when police flagged him down for no apparent reason in Washington , when he was a federal prosecutor . "  We are starting here a good dialogue , but the reality is the dialogue is not enough , " he said . "  We need concrete action to changes things in this country . " After these remarks , 27-year-old student Molyric Welch -- who said her brother died of cardiac arrest , allegedly after Ferguson police used a stun gun on him in 2011 -- credited Holder with giving her and others needed "  inspiration " at a time when her city 's future "  is blurry . " Magazine : The aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US Eliott C. McLaughlin reported from Ferguson . Michael Pearson and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Dana Ford , Jim Acosta and Mayra Cuevas also contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 hold signs backing Officer Darren Wilson , then are confronted by others NEW : Attorney General Holder recalls his own experiences with racial profiling A county grand jury to hear evidence , could opt to indict the officer who killed Brown The case has spurred protests by those calling for charges against the officer
New Delhi  CNN  -- It was a photo shoot that caught India 's attention . Five courageous survivors of acid attacks posed for portraits . In a country where victims of such attacks do not dare to come out of hiding , or show their disfigured faces in public , this was a "  ground breaking " photo shoot , participants said . "  After the acid attack I never took photos , " Rupa , one of the models and a survivor said . "  When the photos got circulated in the media , people started calling to inquire about me , I felt so good . After the photo shoot I want to go out meet more people . " Rupa , now 22 , was 15 years old when she was attacked by her stepmother following a dispute about money . "  That night , after acid was poured on my face , I could not see anything . I could not open my eyes , I was screaming , " she said . "  But no one came to help me . My stepmother watched me suffering . " After that night , everything changed . "  My studies stopped , I stopped playing . " It was only three years after the acid attack that Rupa gathered enough courage to look at her face in the mirror . It was her childhood dream , to be a designer and Rupa designed the outfits for all the models featured on the photo shoot including herself . The photos were first published on Facebook page run by Stop Acid Attacks , an organization raising awareness about the plight of acid attack victims but have since been featured extensively across the world . Her next step is to open a boutique . Currently she is living in Chhanv , a rehabilitation center for acid attack victims opened by the charity . New law In 2013 , the Indian Supreme Court passed laws aiming to control over-the-counter sales of acid . But the implementation has been poor though , said Alok Dixit , founder of Stop Acid Attacks . "  Yes , the law is on paper , but you can find acid easily in local markets , " he said . "  We need the government to be active in enforcing the law to regulate acid sales . " According to the group , more than 200 acid attack cases have been reported since January 2013 . But activists including Alok believe the real number is much higher . Lacking support from family and society , many victims do not report attacks to the police . Fearing social stigma , many do not even show their face in public . And that is what the group wanted the photo shoot to change . "  We want the acid attack survivors to come out of hiding and tell their stories . It is okay to show your face , " Alok said . Changing perceptions Rahul Saharan , a professional photographer , was the man behind the camera . He wanted to showcase Rupa 's designs and help her motivate other fellow acid attack survivors across the world . His second goal : make the victims feel beautiful and change the way people define "  beauty " in general . "  In our society , there are lots of things said to the girls -- you are not beautiful , you wo n't get married because your skin is not white and fair , " Rahul said . "  I want to change the perception of beauty -- tell people that the real beauty is not about having a fair skin . "  When you see pictures used in commercials , you just see and forget them after sometime , but when you see these pictures , you feel in love with them . You want to look at them again and again . " Ritu , another acid attack victim and a participant of the photo shoot , was 17 when acid was thrown at her face . She is 19 now and going through treatment . She can not see with her left eye . "  Every acid attack survivor says they do not want to meet the attackers , " she said . "  But I want to meet the guy  who did this to me  and ask : ` was it worth it ? ' " Actress critical after acid attack Indian acid attack victim fights for justice Omar Khan and Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	Photo shoot uses acid attack victims as models One model Rupa says photo shoot helped boost confidence Photographer hopes shoot will change perceptions about beauty New law limits sale of acid but attacks still happening
CNN  -- One of the UK 's most critically endangered butterflies is making a comeback thanks to a profit making partnership between private landowners and conservation organizations . The heath fritillary -- a rare species exclusive to the south of England that thrives in cleared woodland environments -- has declined sharply over the past 25 years as forest clearing has become less common . But population numbers are on the rise again after the introduction of a forestry management scheme that enables rural landowners to cash in by creating butterfly habitats on their property . "  We were down to 12 colonies  of heath fritillary  in 1995 and most of those were very small , " says Dr. Martin Warren , chief executive of Butterfly Conservation , the organization behind the projects implementation . "  Since then we 've been able to work with landowners to get the management back up again and we are now looking at 25 colonies in the same area . " See also : Butterfly farmers help protect threatened forests The conservation scheme works by first sourcing locations where there are remnants of heath fritillary colonies . Those who own the land identified during this process -- be they individuals , businesses or wildlife trusts -- are then approached for permission to carry out the conservation work . This primarily consists of clearing the areas pinpointed of their indigenous plant life and repopulating them with the lighter foliage the heath fritillary requires to prosper . If landowners agree to take part in the project , they are then able to sell on the discarded lumber that accumulates during the clearing and ensuing maintenance process at a profit . See also : Brazil tries to balance farming and forests "  A lot of this is about persuasion , " says Warren . "  You have to deal with loads of different people who all have their own agenda and financial constraints . " "  When you go in there and say ` there is a rare butterfly on your land ' you can sometimes get a very bad response , " he adds . Although Warren admits the profit margins remain relatively small at this stage and that the scheme itself relies on grants from the Forestry Commission to break even , he sees potential for much larger projects in the future . He says that there are currently numerous sites throughout the UK -- where nearly three quarters of butterfly species have seen their numbers decline in the last 10 years -- being scouted for their suitability by Butterfly Conservation . There are also scores of endangered butterfly species across Europe that could benefit from the implementation of similar cleared woodland schemes , he adds . See also : Can wooden skyscrapers transform concrete jungle ? "  There are a whole suite of them  countries  where woodlands are not being managed to the detriment of butterflies , " says Warren . Yet despite his enthusiasm for the project , Warren cautions that there must be a balance struck between maintaining natural forest environments and manipulating their makeup through woodland clearing . "  We would n't advocate every woodland area be managed as there are many other species that depend on mature woodland to thrive , " he says . If an equilibrium between profit , species conservation and respecting natural forest ecosystems can be achieved however , all kinds of diverse forest wildlife could benefit , he adds .	One of Britain 's most critically endangered butterflies is making a comeback The heath fritillary conservation scheme partners conservationists with private landowners The project generates cash and could be replicated to save other endangered butterflies , say Butterfly Conservation
The U.S. Justice Department has filed a notice of appeal over a federal judge 's ruling that directed the Food and Drug Administration to make the morning-after birth control pill available to females of all ages without a prescription . In April , U.S. District Judge Edward Korman ordered the FDA to make emergency contraception , specifically the morning-after pill , available to females of any age without a prescription . This week 's FDA announcement , which pertains to an application from Teva Women 's Health Inc. , is not related to Korman 's order , the FDA said . The key ingredient in Plan B is the synthetic hormone levonorgestrel , which can prevent fertilization or , if an egg has been fertilized , prevent it from embedding in the uterus . Korman 's ruling was in response to a lawsuit launched by the Center for Reproductive Rights . The group was seeking to expand access to all brands of the morning-after pill over the counter , such as Plan B One-Step and Next Choice , so that females of all ages would be able to purchase them without a prescription . Supporters of the ruling called it a landmark decision , while opponents raised concerns about safeguards being eliminated . On Wednesday , Planned Parenthood called on the Obama administration to allow access to the morning-after pill to be expanded . "  Studies show that emergency contraception is a safe and effective form of birth control that can prevent pregnancy if taken within five days of unprotected sex , and research also shows that teens are as likely as adults to use emergency contraception correctly , " said Cecile Richards , president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America . "  Age barriers to emergency contraception are not supported by science , and they should be eliminated . " National Organization for Women President Terry O'Neill issued a statement saying the appeal of Korman 's ruling is "  a step backwards for women 's health . " "  Millions of women need access to this safe and effective product , and the prevention of unwanted pregnancy , particularly in adolescents , should not be obstructed by politicians , " O'Neill said . Emergency contraceptives are intended for use within 72 hours after sex but are most effective if taken within 24 hours . Many developed countries require a prescription for oral contraceptives , including Canada and most of Europe , but other countries sell the pill without a prescription even formally or informally .	The Justice Department says the judge 's ruling does not have " point-of-sale restrictions " Key ingredient in Plan B is the synthetic hormone levonorgestrel It prevents fertilization or , if an egg has been fertilized , prevents it from embedding in the uterus
Georgia teen Kendrick Johnson , who was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat at his high school in January , died as the result of "  unexplained , apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma , " according to a newly released , independent autopsy report . The report , obtained exclusively Tuesday by CNN , directly contradicts the finding of an autopsy conducted by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation that determined that Johnson 's death was the result of positional asphyxia . The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office determined that his death was accidental . Johnson , 17 and an athlete , was found January 11 headfirst in a rolled wrestling mat at a Lowndes County High School gym in Valdosta , Georgia . Inconsistencies in official reports on the condition of Kendrick 's body have led the family and community to question the official cause of his death . The family 's attorney , Chevene King , has sent the independent autopsy report to the U.S. Department of Justice Civil Rights Division , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , the U.S . Attorney for Georgia 's Middle District and Lowndes County Coroner for review . The coroner can call a coroner 's inquest , a process that resembles a grand jury proceeding . After reviewing evidence and testimony , a jury would decide the cause of death , although the findings alone would have no civil or criminal consequences . "  Coroner 's inquests are not something you do every day . I can not tell you the last time a coroner 's inquest was done in this office , " Lowndes County Coroner Bill Watson said . "  I want to do the right thing by the people and the county and all concerned ; I 'm just not sure we have enough information . I 'm not about to refute anybody 's findings because I 'm not a doctor , " said Watson . On May 1 , a judge granted the Johnsons ' request to exhume their son 's body for the purposes of a conducting an independent autopsy at their expense . That autopsy , conducted June 15 , found blunt force trauma to the right neck and soft tissues , "  consistent with inflicted injury . " It was conducted by Dr. William R. Anderson with Forensic Dimensions in Heathrow , Florida . "  This is unexplained -- most very , very likely inflicted , as opposed to something he caused himself , inflicted by another -- and therefore needs to be investigated as an open homicide investigation , " Anderson said . "  I 've never had a case that I can recall where the prosecution actually was told that this may well be a homicide -- the prosecution being the state , the police and so forth -- and then they did n't bother prosecuting . It 's mystifying , " he added . Anderson 's finding supports the narrative of the initial patient care report , written by EMTs with the South Georgia Medical Center Mobile Healthcare Service on January 11 , the day Johnson 's body was discovered . That report said , "  bruising noted to the right side jaw . " However , a January 25 report by the Valdosta - Lowndes County Regional Crime Laboratory cited "  no signs of blunt force trauma on Johnson 's face or body . " The autopsy results released by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation May 2 identified "  no significant injuries . " A spokesperson for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said the agency stands by its report after reviewing the findings of the independent autopsy . U.S. Attorney Michael Moore is reviewing the case but has not launched a formal investigation . "  We 've been working on this for some time , " he said . "  I 'm sure at the appropriate time , I 'll speak with his pathologist . " "  There are some members of the community that question the result , " Moore continued . "  I want to make sure members of the community and the family and everyone involved has confidence in my work and my decision . " The spokesperson for Civil Rights Division has not yet responded to questions about the new report .	New autopsy : Teen 's death caused by "  apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma " Kendrick Johnson , 17 , was found headfirst in a rolled-up gym mat at high school Georgia law enforcement said his death was accidental , caused by positional asphyxia Kendrick 's family demanded outside exam after law enforcement findings
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Rep. Tom Lantos , the Democratic chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , died Monday due to complications from cancer , his office said . Lantos was 80 . Rep. Tom Lantos represented his Northern California district for 14 terms . He died at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , surrounded by his wife , Annette , daughters Annette and Katrina and many of his 18 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , according to his office . Lantos ' life was "  defined by courage , optimism , and unwavering dedication to his principles and to his family , " said his wife , Annette , his childhood sweetheart , in a statement the House of Representatives released . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Monday that she was "  quite devastated " by the death of her "  dear , dear friend . " She called him "  a true American hero " and "  the genuine article . " "  He 's going to be really , really missed , " she said . Rice described Lantos as "  the embodiment of what it meant to have one 's freedom denied and then to find it and to insist that Americans stand for spreading the benefits of freedom and prosperity to others . " Lantos , who was serving his 14th term in the House , was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in December . He announced last month that he would not seek a new term . "  It is only in the United States that a penniless survivor of the Holocaust and a fighter in the anti-Nazi underground could have received an education , raised a family and had the privilege of serving the last three decades of his life as a member of Congress , " Lantos said in a statement at the time . "  I will never be able to express fully my profoundly felt gratitude to this great country . " Watch Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid remember Lantos " The lawmaker is the only Holocaust survivor to have served in Congress . The Hungarian-born Lantos came to the United States in 1947 after surviving a forced-labor camp in his Nazi-allied homeland . He escaped and was sheltered in a Budapest safe house set up by Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg , who was credited with saving tens of thousands of Hungarian Jews during World War II . He arrived in the United States after being awarded an academic scholarship to study , according to his congressional Web site . He received bachelor 's and master 's degrees in economics from the University of Washington in Seattle and later earned a doctorate in economics from the University of California , Berkeley , the site said . As a lawmaker , Lantos was an outspoken human rights advocate . He supported the 2002 congressional resolution that authorized President Bush to launch the invasion of Iraq but later became an outspoken critic of the conflict . He was the latest of more than a dozen members to announce plans to leave the House at the end of the year , most of them Republicans . His San Francisco-area district is solidly Democratic , and he won re-election with more than three-quarters of the vote in 2006 . "  Chairman Lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction -- and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better , freer and more religiously tolerant world , " House Republican Whip Roy Blunt of Missouri said in a statement . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Secretary of state calls Rep. Tom Lantos "  a true American hero " Lantos was only Holocaust survivor to serve in Congress California congressman disclosed last month he was suffering from cancer Lantos had said he would not seek re-election to 15th term in House
Secretary of State John Kerry is postponing a visit to the Middle East to give Egyptian efforts at negotiating a cease-fire between Israelis and Hamas a chance to take root , several senior U.S. officials tell CNN . Kerry was to travel from Vienna -- where he was negotiating a deal with Iran and world powers over Iran 's nuclear program -- to Egypt and Qatar in the coming days to lay the groundwork for a possible cease-fire between the two sides . On Monday , Egypt called for a cease-fire to stop the bloodshed and to project the innocent . "  Egypt shall receive guarantees from both sides of their commitment to implement what has been agreed upon , and shall follow up on its implementation and engage with either side in the case of any action that impinges on its stability , " the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . One official said the United States wants to give Egypt a chance to reassert itself as a power broker the Middle East , as it did during the 2012 cease-fire . The United States sees the election of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as a positive development in terms of Egypt playing a constructive role in the conflict , because Obama administration sources say that North African nation now is viewed as less conciliatory towards Hamas than it was under former President Mohammed Morsy . Kerry will allow a few days for diplomatic efforts to lay any groundwork , officials said , and is still prepared to either travel to the region if any cease-fire does not take hold , or to help support it if it does . Israeli officials tell CNN their military operations have made inroads to degrade Hamas ' capability , now see some potential in the Egyptian proposal , and are willing to test it and see if a cease-fire can be reached . By Monday , the death toll from about a week of Israeli airstrikes had reached 186 -- all of them Palestinians -- with at least 1,390 wounded , according to Palestinian health authorities . No Israelis have been killed in the rocket attacks , though there have been some injuries . If a cease-fire takes hold on Wednesday , the Egyptians have called for Israeli and Palestinian delegations to travel to Cairo for negotiations in the coming says . The cease-fire talks are not expected just to address just a cessation of hostilities and related security issues , but also the humanitarian situation and Palestinian concerns -- such as addressing re-opening the Rafah border crossing between Egypt and Gaza , Palestinian fishing rights , salaries for Palestinians in Gaza and the eventual disarmament of Gaza . The goal , officials from Egypt , the United States and Israel said , is to put the pieces in place to a cease-fire that endures and includes preventing Hamas 's inability to re-arm and continue rocket fire . Israel has made clear that it will only consider a cease-fire if the pieces are in place to make sure that it is a lasting and durable calm . The Egyptian cease-fire proposal calls for "  Palestinian factions " to negotiate with Israel . American , Egyptian and Israeli officials say those factions are to include members of the Palestinian Authority in an effort to empower President Mahmoud Abbas as the legitimate representative of the Palestinian people . The officials say they do n't want Hamas to be the ones gaining politically from a cease-fire , as it has in the past . Senior Israeli officials say the Egyptian proposal is being taken very seriously ; however , a Hamas spokesman described it as a "  joke . " "  We did not receive this declared paper from the Egyptians ... which means it 's an initiative for the media . It 's not a political initiative , " said Osama Hamdan . Speaking on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , " he continued : "  It 's not really an initiative . It 's not really an idea , what they are trying to do is to corner the Palestinians and to help the Israelis more . " Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat was more optimistic , saying he is hopeful that "  we may see some real , real serious signs of a possible cease-fire in the next 12-24 hours . " "  I know that some other leaders in Hamas have said we are not closing any doors for any initiative for a cease-fire , " he said . President Barack Obama Monday welcomed Egypt 's proposal , saying he hoped it "  will restore the calm that we 've been seeking . " One of the goals of the cease-fire is to address some of the issues surrounding the lack of Palestinian unity , with the ultimate goal of having the Palestinian Authority be the ruling authority over Gaza . One complication is the regional rivalry between Egypt and Qatar , which has close ties with Hamas and is looking to play a role negotiating a cease-fire . While U.S. officials say they think that Qatar could play a helpful role given their close ties to Hamas , they need to balance that role carefully so as not to alienate others in the region , including Egypt , who are wary of Qatar . Qatar can also help pay Palestinian salaries , but the U.S. officials say they do n't want Qatar propping up Hamas financially .	On Monday , Egypt called for a cease-fire to stop the bloodshed , protect the innocent Kerry was to travel to Egypt and Qatar in the coming days His goal was to set groundwork for a possible cease-fire An official says the U.S. wants to give Egypt a change to reassert itself in the Mideast
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles County authorities exhumed the remains Wednesday of a woman whose mysterious disappearance and death in Malibu Canyon have been the subject of a family crusade for justice , the coroner 's office said . The grave of Mitrice Richardson , who disappeared at age 24 in September 2009 , was exhumed so that her family 's private pathologist could investigate the remains , said Ed Winter , assistant chief of operations and investigations of the Los Angeles County Department of Coroner . The cause of Richardson 's death remains undetermined , Winter said Wednesday . "  We just do n't know , " Winter said about the cause of death . Her remains were scheduled to be reburied in Inglewood  California  Cemetery Park on Wednesday afternoon , he said . The exhumation also took place so that authorities could return to her grave some of her bones that were found after her body was discovered in Malibu Canyon in August 2010 , Winter said . The bones , found on two different occasions following the discovery of her body , underwent DNA analysis to confirm that they were Richardson 's , Winter said . Last January , after an emotional public appeal , Richardson 's mother persuaded Los Angeles County authorities to exhume the remains and involve the FBI crime lab in examining them and Richardson 's clothing . The exhumation and the FBI participation marked a victory in Latice Sutton 's long struggle to get authorities to investigate her daughter 's mysterious disappearance as a murder . Richardson disappeared after she left the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lost Hills/Malibu station , where she had been detained for allegedly being unable to pay $ 89.51 for food and drink at a Malibu restaurant . At one point in the controversy over her death , Richardson 's father , Michael Richard , blamed the Sheriff 's Office for releasing his daughter without any assistance even though she had mental health issues and was in a manic state . He accused local authorities of providing special treatment and transportation to celebrities running afoul of the law such as Mel Gibson and Charlie Sheen , but said his daughter did n't receive similar courtesy . Richardson 's skeletal and mummified remains were found about eight miles from the sheriff 's station , in the Monte Nido section of the Santa Monica Mountains , which bisect Los Angeles , Latice Sutton said . Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca has said Richardson 's case showed "  no indication of a homicide , " but he and the coroner 's office agreed to the exhumation as a matter of cooperation with her family . "  We 've been working with family ever since her remains were recovered , " Winter said Wednesday .	Mitrice Richardson 's family has fought to have her death investigated as a murder But Los Angeles County authorities do n't have any evidence of a homicide Richardson 's body is exhumed so that the family 's private pathologist could investigate Richardson disappeared in 2009 , and her mummified remains were discovered in 2010
Can a patient be rejected for a kidney transplant based on a developmental disability ? A New Jersey mother alleges in her blog that this happened to her 3-year-old daughter , and it has sparked an Internet uproar . Whether a person with a mental disability qualifies for an organ transplant is a decision made on a case-by-case basis , based on that patient 's health , experts say . On Thursday , Chrissy Rivera wrote in the blog wolfhirschhorn.org about her latest doctor 's visit concerning her daughter , Amelia . Rivera writes in the blog that Amelia was ruled out from receiving a kidney transplant because of her developmental disability . The blog post went viral and inspired an online petition on Change.org that had collected more than 26,000 signatures by 1 p.m ET Wednesday . It 's not possible to confirm Rivera 's story with the hospital because of privacy protection laws . CNN contacted Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , but the hospital said it had no comment other than a statement posted on Facebook . Amelia , nicknamed Mia , has the genetic disorder Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome , which delays growth , development and intellectual abilities . People with this syndrome have unusual physical features such as dry skin , curvature of the spine , dental problems , cleft palate or cleft lip , and weak muscle tone that can cause short stature , according to the National Institutes of Health . Depending on the type of Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome , the median life expectancy is no higher than 34 years , according to a 2001 study published in the Journal of Medical Genetics . Amelia has been a patient at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia almost all her life , said her father , Joe Rivera . But her kidneys are failing , according to the Riveras . Her nephrologist estimated she has six months to one year before needing a transplant , the girl 's parents said . In the blog entry , Chrissy Rivera detailed a doctor 's visit on January 10 . She wrote that a doctor on the transplant team and a social worker said that Amelia could not be a candidate for kidney transplant "  because of her mental delays . " The doctor warned that the medications Amelia has to take after a transplant are very dangerous and could cause seizures and brain damage , the blog post said . According to Rivera , she was told that it was a different case for Amelia compared with other children , because "  she is already brain damaged and mentally retarded . " Amelia 's dad was also in the room during the conversation . "  I do n't know how I did n't jump across the table , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I was more in shock . I felt like I was frozen . " Rivera said they did not ask that Amelia be placed on the transplant waiting list , which has 90,150 candidates seeking kidney transplants . The Riveras wanted to see whether they or other volunteers could be a donor match for her . Children even as young as Amelia can receive adult organs -- these body parts can be sliced in a way to fit inside a child 's body . Amelia 's parents had not been tested to see whether they matched yet . "  We were going into the meeting thinking we 're going to be informed on the process , " Rivera said . "  Instead he  the doctor  gives us a paper that said she 's mentally retarded so she does n't qualify . " His wife ended her blog post urging readers to share Amelia 's story . "  We are in the year 2012 and my child still does not have the right to live , the right to a transplant , because she is developmentally delayed , " Rivera wrote . Without knowing the child 's medical information , it 's impossible to know whether there were other factors that shaped the doctor 's recommendation regarding Amelia 's transplant . On its Facebook page , Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia stated that , "  We do not disqualify potential transplant candidates on the basis of intellectual abilities . We have transplanted many children with a wide range of disabilities , including physical and mental disabilities . " In response to the barrage of comments on its Facebook page , the hospital wrote : "  We 're listening . We hear your concerns and take seriously your posts , emails and phone calls . " During a discussion on CNN Tuesday , former prosecutor Seema Iyer said , "  I would love to hear from the hospital , because these hospitals are constantly in fear of being sued , " and said that there could be other issues in this case . Rivera said someone from the hospital called Sunday about scheduling another appointment . "  We never said anything about CHOP , " he said . "  Some of the people ranting about Facebook , we have n't said one bad thing . We love CHOP . We want things to be fixed . " There are no national guidelines over transplants involving mentally disabled patients . The United Network for Organ Sharing , the private , nonprofit organization that manages the nation 's organ transplant system , does not have rules about what to do in cases of patients with mental disabilities . Doctors can refuse to consider a patient for an organ transplant if there is another illness or complications such as a severe infection or cancer that is likely to limit the life span . Mental disabilities should not factor into the decision making for transplants , so long as the patient has strong support from family and caregivers who would ensure that the required medications and care is given , said Dr. Raul de Velasco , the clinical ethics program director at the University of Miami . "  The mental disability should not be the reason why you should not receive a kidney , " said de Velasco . The decision should come down to "  a medical problem , not the value of the life of a mentally disabled person . " The issue of developmental delay is a difficult one for transplant doctors . "  It 's such an unpredictable area ; there 's not a lot of info known , " said Dr. George Mazariegos , the chief of pediatric transplantation at Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC , about various developmental disabilities . "  Therefore these decisions are usually individualized , based on the patient 's conditions , their absolute need for transplant and other aspects of the patient 's condition . " All transplant recipients have to take immune-suppressing medication to make sure there is no rejection of the new organ . "  Because many individuals with disabilities have a guardian or health care provider making sure they 're getting to their appointments , the compliance is not an issue , " said Marilee Martens , program director of Nisonger Center at The Ohio State University . Martens wrote a 2006 report examining the outcome of patients with developmental delays who received kidney transplants . The report published in Pediatric Transplantation concluded that the one-year patient survival rate was 100 % and the three-year outcome was 90 % . In Amelia 's case , it 's difficult to draw any conclusions because , "  all we know is what the mom reported hearing . We do n't know what the physician stated , " she said . On the flip side , patients who have mental disabilities or neurological delays can qualify to be live organ donors after undergoing screening processes and consent from the family . Joe Rivera said over the past few days , they 've heard from other parents of children with developmental disabilities , who say they were excluded from transplants . All kids deserve a chance , he said .	New Jersey mom wrote that a doctor rejected transplant based on "  mental delays " The hospital has faced much criticism from social media Topic of transplants for mentally disabled patients is a complex one
CNN  -- We all know what happens when urban sprawl gets out of control : Commutes back up , smog thickens , and concrete suburbs gobble up green spaces . The oceans are growing crowded , and governments are increasingly trying to plan their use . But what about "  ocean sprawl " ? Until recently , no one gave that idea much thought . But the oceans , like the land , have gotten crowded , and now scientists and policy makers are looking for ways to plan ocean development -- with the aim of preventing our public-owned seas from turning into sprawling , watery versions of Houston , Texas , or Atlanta , Georgia . "  The oceans are kind of the last frontier for use and development , " said Amanda Leland , ocean policy director at the Environmental Defense Fund , an advocacy group . "  Even in the 1970s we thought that the oceans were limitless resources of fish . We know today now that fisheries are collapsing all around the world . " In an attempt to address this and other crowding problems , governments are for the first time devising comprehensive plans for their marine waters . The Obama administration on June 12 announced a task force devoted to federal ocean planning . By September , the group must recommend a national policy on the subject that 's designed to protect ocean ecology , address climate change and promote sustainable ocean economies . A handful of states , including Massachusetts and Rhode Island , are charting similar courses . Massachusetts on June 30 published a draft plan for its coastal waters , which is scheduled to be finalized by the end of the year . One of the state 's main aims is to make space for two ocean wind farms -- taking up 2 percent of the state 's waters -- without angering fishing industries , killing whales or harming ecosystems . Internationally , several European countries , including Denmark , Belgium , the United Kingdom and France , are pioneering the new field , said Fanny Douvere , a co-principal investigator at UNESCO 's Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission . Ocean advocates say these planning processes are urgently needed and have been a long time in coming . One reason it 's taken so long is that people ca n't see that the oceans are filling up , said Sandra Whitehouse , a marine biologist and senior adviser at the Ocean Conservancy , an environmental group . "  The majority of the ecosystem is under the water , " Whitehouse said . "  So it 's out of sight , out of mind . We 're only looking at the surface . " Beneath the water , though , overfishing has caused some fish stocks to collapse . By one report , wild fish could disappear by mid-century . The energy sector threatens to take up large chunks of water . Shipping lanes cross the paths of endangered whales . Fish farms are growing in some countries . Climate change is altering ocean chemistry . And power lines , reefs , lobster traps and sunken ships compete for seafloor space . In Europe 's North Sea , expanding industries have tried to claim three times the amount of ocean space than is available , said Douvere , of UNESCO . What happens on land also affects the oceans . A 2003 report by the Pew Oceans Commission says that each year , coastal development destroys 20,000 acres of estuaries and near-coast fish habitat . Furthermore , pavement on land creates "  expressways " for oil and other pollutants to run into the ocean . "  Every eight months , nearly 11 million gallons of oil run off our streets and driveways into our waters -- the equivalent of the Exxon Valdez oil spill , " the report says . When the renewable energy sector started trying to move into the sea , the situation went from crowded to unmanageable and without a clear plan , said Whitehouse , of the Ocean Conservancy . "  There 's a lot of pressure to be able to harness this energy , " she said , "  but it 's very important that this be done in a proactive and comprehensive way , because we also have so many important economic aspects of our oceans . " Since there are new uses but not new space , planning is necessary , said Charles Ehler , another co-principal investigator at the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission . He added , "  There 's not enough space for everything , and there are going to have to be trade-offs that are made . " Current efforts focus on broad public interest rather than specific conflicts , Ehler said . Until now , the ocean primarily was divvied up in a sort of "  free-for-all " in which "  whoever gets there first gets the access , " he said . Leland , of the Environmental Defense Fund , said the patchwork of federal agencies managing the oceans in the United States contributes to the problem . More than 140 federal laws govern the ocean 's use ; and six federal departments , along with dozens of agencies , are in charge of implementing those laws , according to the Pew Oceans Commission report . Charles M. Wahle , a marine ecologist and senior scientist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said Obama 's ocean-planning efforts are a complete shift in thinking . "  We 're acknowledging that we want and need to use the ocean in a lot of different ways , " he said . "  They all have standing , and we need to figure out a way to allocate them fairly and sustainably . " He added , "  Fifty years from now , you should be able to go to a place -LSB- in the ocean -RSB- and know what will be happening there . " There are skeptics of the shift . Commercial fisheries are hampered by current regulations and could be further harmed if the ocean is divided up among too many groups , said Jim Ruhle , president of Commercial Fishermen of America , an industry group . "  We make our livelihoods from that ocean , and we want to make sure that we have reasonable plans in effect to allow that to take place , " he said . Some other fishing groups oppose new ocean uses , like offshore wind energy , entirely . Despite this new emphasis on planning , there 's still a chance that ocean waters could go the way of haphazard cities . "  The proof will be in the pudding , " said Wahle , of NOAA . But he said it 's exciting that so many groups are on board for a new way of thinking . "  If we do our jobs right , overall , the oceans will be healthier , ecosystems will be more productive , people will derive more services and benefits and value from those ecosystems , " he said , "  and industry will be able to plan and commit and invest in ways that actually work . "	The oceans are growing crowded , and some scientists worry about "  ocean sprawl " For the first time , governments plan ocean use in a comprehensive way Advocate says oceans are the "  last frontier for use and development " President Obama creates task force to map out the future of the oceans
A gruesome snuff video that has garnered more than 180,000 views on YouTube underlines just how grim the Syrian conflict has become . This video appears to document one of the worst kinds of war crimes : The summary executions of wounded men .  Warning : The scenes are extremely graphic . Several paramilitaries in battle fatigues armed with automatic weapons -- some speaking Arabic in distinctive Lebanese accents -- pull wounded men out of the back of a van and drop them on to the ground , then shoot them in their heads at point-blank range . As they shoot their victims , some of the paramilitaries seem almost giddy with excitement . A man who appears to be their commander admonishes his men , "  Come on guys , we are here to carry out our duties not to seek revenge on our own . This is unacceptable . " One of the paramilitaries smilingly replies , "  But we are killing them in God 's cause , only in God 's cause . " The wounded men lying on the ground awaiting their deaths repeat religious phrases that are commonly said just before death . They all appear to be civilians . There has been much analysis of the al Qaeda-aligned groups in Syria fighting the Assad regime that have recruited thousands of foreign fighters from around the Arab world and a smaller number from the West , but there has been far less discussion of the Shiite militias in Syria that have recruited foreign fighters from Iraq as well as from Lebanese Hezbollah , all of whom are fighting to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Barak Barfi , an American journalist who is a fellow at the New America Foundation and who has reported inside Syria for many months , says that one of the executioners in the videotape is wearing a distinctive yellow armband that Hezbollah fighters wear . Barfi says , "  This appears to be a Hezbollah video , though we can not conclude this with high confidence . " Similarly , Augustus Richard Norton , professor of international relations at Boston University and the author of an authoritative study of Hezbollah , says , "  The only identifying marks on the uniforms are yellow ribbons , which , in theory , would identify them as Hezbollahis . " Randa Slim , also a fellow at the New America Foundation and a scholar at the Middle East Institute who is writing a book about Hezbollah , says that based on the accents of the Arabic-speaking executioners the video shows Syrians as well as fighters from Iraq and Lebanon . Slim cautions , however , that the paramilitaries conducting the executions could well be members of an Alawite militia made up mostly of Syrians who have been trained by Hezbollah , but that are not part of Hezbollah itself . Phillip Smyth , a researcher at the University of Maryland who specializes in Shiite militias operating in Syria , says that the fighters are likely from Hezbollah as they speak in a Lebanese accent and when they perform the executions they mention a religious edict handed down by a key Hezbollah religious guide . Oubai Shahbandar is a Syrian-American who worked at the Pentagon for much of the past decade as a Middle East analyst , including a stint on General David Petraeus ' staff during the Iraq War , and is now a vice president at the Syrian Support Group , which supports "  moderate elements of Syria 's armed opposition . " Shahbandar has been tracking Hezbollah since 2007 and he asserts that the executioners in the video are definitely from Hezbollah and that the video itself was shot in Homs province in western Syria . An analysis done by CNN 's International desk confirms that the dialect spoken by the executioners in the videotape is Lebanese Arabic and they can be heard shouting "  Fi Sabil Allah , " an Arabic phrase that means "  in God 's cause , " an expression commonly used by Hezbollah fighters on the battlefield . The international desk 's analysis points out that the yellow and green ribbons tied to the fighters ' uniforms appear to mark them as Hezbollah fighters . As is now well known , many of the players in the Syrian conflict , including most prominently the Assad regime itself , have committed war crimes against civilians . On Friday , Human Rights Watch released a report documenting a massacre on August 4 that was perpetrated by two al Qaeda-aligned Sunni militant groups , the Islamic State of Iraq and Sham and Jabhat al-Nusra . The massacre took place in the coastal region of Latakia in a number of Alawite villages supportive of the Assad regime . According to the report "  Eight survivors and witnesses described how opposition forces executed residents and opened fire on civilians , sometimes killing or attempting to kill entire families who were either in their homes unarmed or fleeing from the attack , and at other times killing adult male family members , and holding the female relatives and children hostage . " Human Rights Watch collected the names of 190 civilians who were killed in these attacks , including 57 women and at least 18 children and 14 elderly men . While the world in the past few weeks has been distracted by the U.S. government shutdown and the brutal attack on the mall in Kenya by an al Qaeda affiliate that left at least 67 dead , the Syrian war has ground on . It is a war that has now claimed as many as 120,000 lives . Four of those deaths are documented in the appalling videotape of the Shiite paramilitaries gleefully executing wounded men who appear to be civilians . And the deaths of 190 civilians killed by Sunni militias in August are documented in great detail in the Human Rights Watch report that was released Friday . Just when you thought the Syrian civil war could n't get any worse , it does .	A video purportedly shot in Syria shows gruesome executions Peter Bergen : Atrocities in Syria continue , and appear to involve both sides He cites a Human Rights Watch report documenting a massacre on Aug. 4 Bergen : As the world 's attention wanders , as many as 120,000 have died in Syria
CNN  -- The search for Avonte Oquendo , a 14-year-old autistic boy who ran out of his school two weeks ago , focused Friday on the Sunnyside East Rail Yard , a large railroad yard for passenger cars , in Long Island City , Queens , according to a source close to the investigation . The teenager is fascinated by trains , his family has said . The source also gave CNN new details about the widespread search for Avonte , who was last seen on surveillance video running out of Center Boulevard School in Long Island City on the afternoon of October 4 . Three hours after Avonte went missing , bloodhounds traced his scent to a marshy area near his school , but then lost the trail near the water , the source said . One hour after that , the bloodhounds picked up Avonte 's scent again , this time at a subway station nearby , the source said . Searches of train stations , tracks and tunnels are being conducted at the start of every shift by the Metropolitan Transit Authority , New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said , adding that 50 NYPD officers and a task force of detectives are working the case . Transportation officials in New York suspended overnight track maintenance on the city 's transit system last weekend as workers combed the underground network . All 468 New York City subway stations have been searched , and aviation , harbor and canine officers are mobilized and deployed periodically , the NYPD said . The previous notion that Avonte did not like water may not be correct , according to the source , who said Avonte apparently recently attended a class trip on a Circle Line Sightseeing cruise and was fascinated by the water . The NYPD had six divers in nearby water on Thursday using sonar , the source said . For the first time in the extensive search , police have brought in the assistance of cadaver dogs , the source said . The clothing company Old Navy also is now working with the NYPD and a federal agency , providing them with a shirt matching the one Avonte was wearing at the time of his disappearance . The source said officials will put that shirt into their database to scan video cameras for recognition , similar to facial recognition . The Department of Environmental Protection brought in special cameras extended on poles to search the sewer system in and around the area Avonte went missing , the source said . NYPD is also working in conjunction with the food delivery company Fresh Direct to examine its trucks . The source said there is a truck depot nearby and Avonte possibly could have gone into a truck without a driver knowing and left the area . New York police patrol cars and search vehicles have been playing a recording of Avonte 's mother calling for him into the streets , Keith Brooks , director of operations for CityWide Disaster Service , said Thursday . "  Avonte , this is your mother . You are safe . Walk toward the lights , " the message repeats . The hope is the teen , who is unable to communicate verbally , will hear the sound of his mother 's voice and approach the emergency vehicles . The extended efforts of the NYPD have led to increased awareness among New York residents , with posters and fliers filling the streets , subway alerts and city papers all spreading the same message : Have you seen Avonte Oquendo ? "  I heard the day he first went missing on the news , " said Alex Toroslar , a student at John Jay College of Criminal Justice . "  Since then I 've seen posters at Port Authority and heard announcements there . " Another New Yorker , Rachel Gilbert , said she has seen pleas to help Avonte in newspapers and on the subway . "  I was quite surprised by the individual announcement , " Gilbert said , noting that she could n't remember ever hearing a similar announcement for a missing child . "  I think the NYPD will eventually find him , " Toroslar said . "  It 's just a matter of time because everyone in the city is aware of it . " Retta  who wished to not be identified by her last name  agreed with Toroslar but was unsure if the same intense search technique should be used in the future . "  I wonder if it were more frequent we would become more immune to it , " Retta said , suggesting that New Yorkers are aware of Avonte because the search efforts have been so publicized . The reward for the safe return of Avonte grew this week to $ 77,500 , as divers joined an ever growing number of police and rescue officers from several states who have been searching for him nonstop for more than a week . Avonte 's mother , Vanessa Fontaine , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " on Thursday that she believes her son is still alive and that someone is probably holding him . "  My message to my son is that I love him and we 're going to find him . You 'll come home to your family . And for anyone who has him , please be kind and to let him go , " she said . Kelly said he is not holding the school safety officer who was on duty when the teen ran out of the Queens high school responsible for the boy 's disappearance . When Avonte approached the front door of his school the day he disappeared , the safety agent told him to go back upstairs , Kelly said at a news conference on Wednesday . Surveillance video then showed Avonte turning and going down another hallway , and exiting the building from a side door , he said . Surveillance video provided by the police department shows that no supervisor or monitor stopped the 14-year-old when he ran out . "  Even though he 's 14 , it should n't matter . No one should be , you know , allowed to run around the hallways in school . And that security guard should have questioned him , " Fontaine said . David Perecman , the Oquendo family 's attorney , said it took school officials at least 45 minutes to call police after Avonte left . "  I do n't understand how this happens to a special needs child unless there is something in there that failed the family , " he told "  Piers Morgan Live " on Thursday . The New York City Department of Education issued a statement saying it is working closely with police . The school is not commenting . The Oquendo family filed a "  notice of claim " on October 9 , said Perecman , marking the first step of a lawsuit against the city of New York . He declined to give further information about the claim . Police said Avonte was last seen wearing a gray striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds . Anyone with information about Avonte is asked to contact the NYPD 's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS . The public can also submit tips at the Crime Stoppers website , nypdcrimestoppers.com or can text to 274637  CRIMES  , then enter TIP577 . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno , Laura Ly and Julia Lull contributed to this report	Avonte Oquendo , 14 , has been missing since October 4 Source says bloodhounds initially traced his scent to a marshy area A previous notion that Avonte did not like water may not be correct , source says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's foreign minister Wednesday rejected criticism of its human rights record , accusing the United States of "  clinging to a Cold War mentality " and "  practicing double standards . " Workers at the Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Fast Railway , a key project associated with the Beijing Olympics . Yang Jiechi was responding to questions about a State Department report released a day earlier that characterized China 's human rights record as one of the most repressive in the world . The report was released five months before the Summer Olympic Games kickoff in Beijing . Although he chided the United States and other critics of its human rights record as "  making confrontation , " Yang stressed that China is "  ready for dialogue with the United States , as long as it is done in an environment of respect and fairness . " Despite rapid economic growth and social change in China , the report said the "  authoritarian " Chinese government "  continues to deny their citizens basic human rights and fundamental freedoms . " It also said there was an increase in forced relocations in Beijing , with people being thrown out of their homes to make way for Olympic projects . "  China 's overall human rights record remained poor in 2007 , " it stated , citing tightening controls over religious freedom in Tibet and the Uyghur population . China announced Sunday that militants in Xinjiang 's Uyghur Autonomous Region had planned to carry out two terror attacks , including one targeting the Olympics set to begin on August 8 . China said it successfully thwarted both attacks . The autonomous region is home to about 19 million people , most of whom are Muslims and other minorities . Many of them oppose Beijing 's rule . The State Department report also said China has increased its efforts to "  control and censor the Internet , and the government tightened restrictions on freedom of speech and the domestic press " and bloggers . It cited a 20 percent increase over 2006 in convictions of citizens under what it called China 's overly broad state security law that is often used to silence government critics . "  The government continued to monitor , harass , detain , arrest , and imprison journalists , writers , activists , and defense lawyers and their families , many of whom were seeking to exercise their rights under law , " the report said . "  Individuals and groups , especially those deemed politically sensitive by the government , continued to face tight restrictions on their freedom to assemble , their freedom to practice religion , and their freedom to travel . " The report , issued annually , surveys the human rights record of more than 190 countries around the world . In rolling out the report , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said : "  No corner of the Earth is permanently condemned to tyranny . Change may take time , but change will come . " E-mail to a friend CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott in Washington and Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report	China 's FM rejects U.S. attack on human rights record , says "  double standards . " Yang Jiechi says China ready "  for dialogue with the United States " U.S. State Dept. report comes five months before the Beijing Olympics Report emphasized forced relocations , human rights abuses , control of Internet
CNN  -- French police arrested a man Wednesday in connection with the weekend stabbing of a soldier in a business district of Paris , according to the Ministry of Interior . The suspect , who is being named only as "  Alexandre , " will turn 22 on Thursday , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said in a news conference broadcast by CNN affiliate BFMTV . He converted to Islam when was about 18 years old , the prosecutor said . The attack is believed to have been motivated by religious ideology because the suspect prayed less than 10 minutes beforehand , Molins said , and because it came only three days after a soldier was killed in London , by attackers who spoke of Islam . In light of the evidence so far , police will continue to treat it as a terrorism incident , he said . The serviceman , age 23 , suffered wounds to the neck when the assailant attacked him from behind with a knife or box cutter as he patrolled the capital 's La Defense neighborhood . The attacker stabbed the soldier several times , Molins said . The suspect was identified through security camera footage and traces of DNA found on a juice bottle he left along with a sweater in a bag near the scene , the prosecutor said . He had a prior record of petty crimes committed when he was under 18 and is known to have been rebellious in his youth , but was not known to French security services , Molins said . His details were in the national police database because of an identity check made in 2007 when he was praying in the street . At that time , he did not appear to represent any threat , Molins said . Alexandre was arrested outside the home of a friend close to Les Yvelines , near Paris , where he had been staying because he has no permanent address , Molins said . Authorities do not believe the friend is connected to the attack , he added . The suspect can be held in police custody for 96 hours without charges being filed . Molins praised the work of French investigators in identifying him in only four days . The soldier was hospitalized with non-life-threatening wounds , the Ministry of Defense said in a statement . "  The aim was to kill the soldier because he was a soldier , " Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told the CNN affiliate on Saturday . The attacker wanted "  to kill a soldier who is in charge of French security , " he said . The attacker was wearing a robe at the time of the assault , a police spokesman said . The soldier was on patrol as part of a heightened security plan initiated in certain areas following France 's intervention in Mali this year , French President Francois Hollande said . UK police continue to investigate the attack on a British soldier hit by a car and then hacked to death in southeast London last Wednesday . Moments after that assault , one of his alleged attackers was filmed saying the soldier was killed "  because Muslims are dying daily " and that "  we must fight them as they fight us , " an apparent reference to British and coalition forces ' roles in conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : The suspect , a convert to Islam , prayed before the attack He has a record of petty crimes but was not known to security services , Molins says The stabbed soldier was hospitalized Saturday with wounds to the neck The soldier was on security patrol in La Defense , a business district of Paris
CNN  -- What happens when a North Korean architect is given free rein to design what he or she likes ? Over the course of the last four years , one Beijing based tour company has sought to answer that question by asking a practicing architect from North Korea to create futuristic designs for sustainable tourism developments in the country . Koryo Tours -- which offers organized trips around North Korea -- provided the anonymous participant who works at the Paektusan Architectural Institute in Pyongyang with an open brief and no limits on costs , scale or physical possibilities . The fascinating results depict something akin to Soviet-era iconography and the Jetsons and are now on display at the Venice Architecture Biennale in Italy . According to Nick Bonner , the man who arranged the project , "  there is very little exposure to contemporary architecture in North Korea . " "  The architect who led this project for us drew upon his own thoughts and experiences , " he added . Unsurprisingly , the career path of an architect in North Korea is very structured . "  All architects  in North Korea  are trained at the University of Architecture and all work for the government . There are no private projects , " Bonner continued . "  In a way , it 's not much different than working for a council -- limited projects , but the better you are the more chance you have of working on more interesting projects , and the more chance of influencing design . " Some designs appear more rooted in reality than others which take big leaps into what the architect believes may be possible in the future . The image above shows a hotel and gondola on the West Sea Barrage in the port city of Nampo , an area currently without major accommodation facilities . Exhibiting slightly more blue-sky thinking , this image depicts a flying house that can double up as a hovercraft . Combining the old and the new , meanwhile , this nifty-looking bridge is designed to connect the famous mountains of Myohyangsan . People walking across it in the morning will be high above the early mist providing the sensation of floating above the clouds , the architect said . "  Apart from blocks of architecture that reflect Soviet influence , there is a certain futuristic style  and  modernism in many of the buildings " in North Korea , Bonner said . In the image above , visitors to a mountain villa retreat interact with each other in an atrium designed to encourage social interaction between holidaymakers . Reaction to the exhibition has been mixed so far . "  Some people see it as retro and kitsch , while others see it as inventive , fun and with some valid ideas , " Bonner said . "  It was never intended as anything more than a visual brainstorm -- a way to stimulate engagement , ideas and discussion . " The designs will be on display at the Korean Pavilion at the Venice Architecture Biennale until November while Koryo Tours will be running a seven day architecture trip to North Korea in late October .	A tour group asked North Korean designers to come up with their visions of the future The results depict a mixture of Soviet style and futuristic technology Images are currently on display at the Venice Architecture Biennale
CNN  -- Pink hair , piercings and the name Emily -- Iowa father Paul Plate saw his own teenage daughter as he read about a different Emily 's harrowing experience with synthetic marijuana . Plate had already had the conversation about the drug with his daughter . But reading about Emily Bauer , a Texas high school student left brain-damaged after smoking "  potpourri " she bought at a convenience store , really put him in her parents ' shoes . "  I felt horrible for her . I know we all do stupid things as kids , but to have an outcome like this is dreadful , " said Plate , one of the thousands of readers who took the time to comment on the CNN.com story . "  I am a sucker for my little girl , so I know how I would feel in their place . " Bauer 's tale set off warning bells for parents across the country : What is this drug ? Why did n't her family keep her from smoking it ? What should I tell my kids ? What if that were my daughter ? The teenager 's symptoms of psychosis and strokes would jolt just about any parent into a conversation about the dangers of synthetic marijuana . Add in the statistics about the drug 's popularity -- one in every nine U.S. high school seniors has admitted to smoking fake weed , according to a 2011 study -- and parents were alarmed . Opinion : Regulate fake pot , it 's not going away While parents like Plate sympathized with the Bauers , others said it would never happen to their kid . "  The story points to another example of people who should n't be allowed to be parents , " wrote Lynn DeArmond , who added she was thankful Emily is recovering . She said her six children understand that using weed is unacceptable and they would face consequences if they smoked it . "  Parents need to start being parents instead of friends . To do otherwise results in these kind of stories or worse . " On the other side of the debate were parents who might allow their children to smoke real marijuana if that would keep them from experiencing Emily 's fate . One dad argued for its legalization and suggested monitoring children while they try pot . "  Honestly , if my child was seriously showing signs of wanting to smoke pot , or even just try it , I 'd probably buy it for them myself and make them do it at home , in a safe environment , just to make sure they 're responsible , " commenter Rob Doerr wrote . "  I think that 's the responsible thing to do . You 're being a parent , and monitoring your kid , making sure they do n't do anything dumb . " Synthetic marijuana just as dangerous Emily 's stepfather , Tommy Bryant , welcomed the conversation because he wants to raise awareness of the drug , even if some of the comments were n't so kind . "  I do n't wish this upon anybody , " he said . "  My purpose is not to judge myself or judge others , but to get Emily well and help others learn from our mistakes , because obviously we did make a mistake , and I 'll be the first to admit it . " While Bryant knows there will be critics and people out there questioning his parenting , he said he 's just thankful to have more time with his daughter . "  I think back to all the fond memories I have of her , then I realize that somehow , I got another chance to make more , " he said on Wednesday . "  And these new memories may actually impact others in a positive way ... I am thankful . " Parents : Do you talk to your children about the dangers of drugs ? Why or why not ? Please share your thoughts in the comments below .	Emily Bauer wound up in ICU after she smoked synthetic marijuana , her family says Bauer 's story received more than 7,000 comments , many from alarmed parents Synthetic marijuana is an herbal mixture sprayed with chemicals Bauer 's sister first shared the story with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo took advantage of a rare sign of vulnerability from the all-conquering Mercedes team to score his maiden victory in a thrilling finish to the Canadian Grand Prix Sunday . The Red Bull rookie overtook title leader Nico Rosberg in the closing stages of the 70-lap race in Montreal and took the checkered flag under the safety car after Felipe Massa of Williams and Sergio Perez in his Force India crashed while battling for minor places . It was an astonishing turn around after another race set to be dominated by Mercedes with title leader Rosberg battling to hold off teammate Lewis Hamilton for the honors . The early stages had been marked by an early safety car when the two Marussias of Briton Max Chilton and Frenchman Jules Bianchi 's collided on the first lap . Rosberg , who started from pole , eventually came under pressure from Hamilton , who had initially lost second place to Vettel . But both suffered power problems , allowing the pack to close up with Massa briefly taking the lead . Hamilton finally passed Rosberg to take second , but then was forced to retire with a rear brake problem . Rosberg , who reclaimed the lead , was unable to hold off the charging Ricciardo , but will be consoled by opening up a potentially decisive 22-point lead in the championship race over Hamilton . In a fine day for Red Bull , four-time champion Sebastian Vettel completed the final podium spot , but has been beaten by his precocious teammate in the last five races . "  I am still a bit in shock , " Ricciardo said at the presentations . "  Hamilton had a problem and Rosberg was slow down the straights , " he revealed . "  I really struggled to get past  Sergio  Perez but managed to finally get a run out of the last chicane and get a nice run out of turn one and set my sights on Nico with couple of laps to go . "  I finally managed to get in the right spot to use DRS and it 's an amazing feeling right now . " Rosberg , winner of the last race in Monaco , had made a brave attempt to hold on to his lead . "  I lost a lot of power in the straights but it did not quite work out . I could n't hold off Daniel Ricciardo , " he admitted . Behind the front runners , Jenson Button took a fine fourth for McLaren with Nico Hulkenberg in fifth for Force India and Fernando Alonso sixth for Ferrari . Finn Valtteri Bottas was seventh in the second Williams ahead of Frenchman Jean-Eric Vergne of Toro Rosso . Danish rookie Kevin Magnussen in the second McLaren and Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari completed the points scoring . Perez and Massa , who walked away from their 240kph crashes , were classified 11th and 12th , scant consolation after both scented victory as Mercedes faltered .	Daniel Ricciardo wins Canadian GP for Red Bull First victory in F1 for young Australian Nico Rosberg finishes second for Mercedes Teammate Lewis Hamilton retires in blow to title hopes
In an otherwise smart suburb of Beirut is a small prison housing some of the women Lebanese society would rather forget . Some of the 70 inmates of Baabda Prison are accused or convicted of murdering their husbands , others of drug trafficking . Many of the women have themselves been victims of circumstance all their lives and are now for the first time discovering they have a voice , according to Zeina Daccache , an actress and drama therapist working with the inmates . Several times a week for the past six months , Daccache has spent an afternoon with the women encouraging them to talk about their experiences . In February or March , the project will culminate in a performance called "  Scheherazade in Baabda , " named after the fictional Persian Queen and narrator of "  One Thousand and One Nights , " and based around the women 's own stories . Among the 20 prisoners involved is Fatme , now 26 , and awaiting trial for a murder she denies . In video footage of the project , Fatme said : "  I never learned to say no . I was always obedient , saying yes to my very early marriage , saying yes to my parents who forbid me to get divorce . Now I 'm learning that I have a voice and it can spell no . " Libya 's accidental child victims Daccache , who has a weekly political satire show on Lebanese television and also runs a drama therapy center Catharsis , said the project -- funded by the Swiss-based Drosos Foundation -- had empowered the women and for the first time gave them an opportunity to express themselves . She said : "  You would be amazed how many are there for murder and it 's mostly for killing their husbands . They were married at 12 or 13 years old to someone they had never met before . "  They were pregnant at 13 and had husbands who beat them or had psychological issues . If they went to their family or to the police for protection , they would just be told it was a domestic issue . "  They ended up protecting themselves with their own hands . They are not saying their crimes were the best solution , but in some ways they had no other choice . " Daccache said several other inmates were in jail for drug trafficking and their young children were left on the streets . "  If the woman and her husband are both in prison , there is no protection for their children if they do n't have families who take them , " she said . Other inmates who are serving shorter sentences for adultery have joined the project for a limited period but will be released before the final production . Daccache said : "  For many of them , the real crime was that they were born a woman . There 's this underlying patriarchy to everything in this country . " Who are Middle East 's most influential women ? The play will be performed in the prison in front of invited guests , including government ministers , prison authorities and the women 's families . Daccache said : "  They are in prison , but many of have said they feel free for the first time because it 's the first time they can talk about anything they want . "  The play is giving them the space to do things they have never done before and to convey a message . "  It 's a message to protect women 's rights and to protect women from domestic violence . " Another of the inmates is Maryam , 40 , who was married by her family at the age of 15 to a cousin and had three children . She is accused of murdering her husband . Maryam is taking part in a flamenco dance for the production . In film footage she said : "  For the first time I learn how to move this body of mine , as if I was imprisoned in a body that did n't belong to me . " Four years ago , Daccache began a similar project with male inmates in Lebanon 's largest prison Roumeih . A documentary film she made about the work , called "  12 Angry Lebanese , " won several international awards . This is the first time she has worked in a women 's prison . Daccache is filming the work in Baabda for a similar documentary about the women involved . She said the women were initially reluctant to show their faces on camera , but eventually realized it was an opportunity to tell their stories . "  At first they wore disguises to cover their faces when we were filming , but eventually decided to take them off , " said Daccache . "  People tell me they ca n't believe the women agreed to be filmed because of the stigma , but they had been hidden away all their lives and did n't want to be suppressed anymore . " One of the inmates , Nisrine , a 28-year-old woman serving a three-year jail term for fraud , said in film footage : "  I was so worried about appearing in front of the camera , then after thought if I hide my face I 'd be only contributing to hiding myself , my voice , the women and human being within me . "  I 'm taking off my mask and showing  myself  as I wish to . " Respected American drama therapist Amand Volkas joined Daccache to run workshops with her in January . He said : "  In Lebanese society , she is a visionary . She is able to use her prominence as an actress to have a very powerful impact . "	Drama therapy helps Lebanon 's women prisoners tell their life stories Therapist Zeina Daccache is also a well-known actress and comedienne Documentary about similar project in men 's prison won international awards
Washington  CNN  -- Jill Kelley 's legal team is launching a full-court press to defend her reputation in response to damaging reports from the scandal involving former CIA director David Petraeus , according to sources close to Kelley . Kelley 's legal team is alleging that "  government sources " are responsible for the leaks to the media about her personal life , starting with her name . A letter from Kelley 's lawyer obtained by CNN asks whether the Department of Justice is investigating these alleged leaks , which Kelley 's attorney Abbe Lowell refers to as potential violations of the Privacy Act . In the letter , Lowell opens the door to legal action , writing "  we are researching these issues to advise  the Kelleys  of their right to pursue these issues civilly . " CNN could not reach the Justice Department for comment . Other documents obtained by CNN indicate that Lowell is filing a complaint with the Attorney Consumer Assistance Program in Florida against a lawyer who once represented Kelley . Lowell claims that Kelley 's attorney-client privilege may have been violated . The complaint suggests the lawyer targeted in the complaint "  held a press conference to discuss his relationship with  Kelley  and other members of her family " without Kelley 's knowledge or permission . CNN called the lawyer 's office but was not able to reach him . Petraeus mistress seeks normal life Another letter went to a former business associate of Kelley 's , New York oil and gas developer Adam Victor . It warned Victor that some of his public statements about Kelley were false and may constitute defamation . When contacted , Victor asserted that all of his public statements about Kelley were accurate . "  One hundred percent of what I said was the truth , " Victor said . Kelley to lose honorary diplomatic title Sources close to Kelley also released several photos of her to try to project "  a more complete " image of the woman who alerted the FBI to allegedly threatening emails from David Petraeus ' mistress , Paula Broadwell . Howard Kurtz : Too much hype The photos show Kelley with her family and serving meals to the homeless on Christmas Day .	"  Government sources " leaked Jill Kelley 's name , lawyer alleges Former lawyer violated Kelley 's attorney-client privilege , present lawyer says Former business associate stands by his comments about Kelley
CNN  -- The lucky winner of an auction for a George Zimmerman painting selling for about $ 100,000 could see the artwork personally delivered by the former neighborhood watchman himself . The eBay posting originally stated that the portrait would be sent via expedited shipping from Sanford , Florida , but in a response to a buyer who wanted to drive from Arkansas to pick up the painting , the terms changed . "  The price it is at now has well exceeded my $ .99 minimum ; therefore , whoever wins within the Continental United States , will receive this painting delivered by me personally , " the reply says . The 18-by-24-inch canvas features a blue , waving American flag with the words , "  God , one nation , with liberty and justice for all " emblazoned across it . The auction was posted Monday at a starting bid of 99 cents and is scheduled to end Saturday . As of Wednesday , 108 bids had been logged for the painting , ratcheting the price up to $ 110,100 , but it appears some bids were retracted and it was selling for $ 97,500 in the afternoon . Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , says George painted the piece . "  Everyone has been asking what I have been doing with myself . I found a creative , way to express myself , my emotions and the symbols that represent my experiences , " the item description reads . "  My art work allows me to reflect , providing a therapeutic outlet and allows me to remain indoors . " Zimmerman appears to respond directly to at least 11 questions sent about the item , although the site states more than 900 inquiries were made . "  Just wanted to tell you we all love you and stand behind you . You have so many people on your side I hope you know that ! " a commenter wrote on the eBay page . "  Thank you so much for the words of kindness and support , " reads the answer . "  I do know how many great Americans are still here , I run into at least 3-5 a day that go out of their way to tell me the same . Your Friend , GZ . " "  I am truly sorry our government run liberal media and justice department persecuted you they  sic  way they did , " another comment says . "  God Bless you . You have nothing to apologize to me for . The system is broken , an innocent man should not spend one second without his God given liberty , solely because a small sect of uneducated loud mouths . We must fix it . If we ca n't fix it together , then we owe many people a sincere apology , " the reply says . Photos were added to the auction Tuesday , including one of a grinning , flannel-clad George Zimmerman holding the painting . The artwork has stirred up controversy online and in art circles . As of Wednesday , at least a dozen other listings could be found on eBay with their own takes and variations of Zimmerman 's posting , including one with the American flag bearing the words , "  Not for a coward to hide behind . " Consultant and art appraiser Jane Cofer said it appears there was skill required in producing the work . "  It 's not the worst painting I ever saw . He was certainly able to capture some shadows in the flag and some movement , " Cofer said . Those who are driving up the price are likely not art lovers , but more likely Zimmerman 's supporters . "  America seems to love to support their causes , to put money towards them -- to support that , " she said . Online , a flurry of tweets and Facebook postings deride the painting 's originality and even accuse Zimmerman of plagiarism . A Democratic Underground blog post points out if one were to zoom in and Photoshop one of its own photos of the American flag , which the site purchased from Getty Images , it would look very much like Zimmerman 's painting . When contacted , the site administrator said he thought it was "  humorous " Zimmerman had picked an image the site had used for its T-shirts long ago . "  Nor are we accusing Zimmerman of photoshopping his artwork . If you do a Google image search for ` US flag ' or ` American flag , ' that particular image comes up near the top of the results . So it appears to us that Zimmerman found the image on Google and used it as the basis for his painting , " Dave Allsopp said in an e-mail . "  Since most of the people who visit our website are critics of George Zimmerman , we thought they would find it amusing that he 'd used a photograph that we had once used on our T-shirts . " The listing states that the painting is a signed original and that it was made using donated household latex paint . Zimmerman has been in and out of the spotlight since his July acquittal in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in 2012 . Last week , Florida prosecutors said they would not charge Zimmerman after a domestic dispute with his girlfriend in November resulted in his arrest . Previously , he was stopped several times for speeding . Zimmerman told a judge last month he had $ 150 to his name and was $ 2.5 million in debt . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Winnie Dunbar contributed to this report .	NEW : Lister , who claims to be George Zimmerman , says he will personally deliver art Zimmerman artwork features American flag with words from Pledge of Allegiance Zimmerman 's brother confirms the former neighborhood watchman painted the piece Last month , Zimmerman told a judge he was almost penniless , $ 2.5 million in debt
CNN  -- Fallout from a job discrimination lawsuit filed by the head of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in New York has led to at least a temporary shakeup at the agency 's headquarters in Washington . Suzanne Barr , chief of staff for ICE Director John Morton , voluntarily stepped down this week and is on paid leave because of allegations made against her as part of an ongoing civil suit filed by New York ICE chief James Hayes . In the suit , which is leveled at the Department of Homeland Security and DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano , Hayes claims he was passed over for promotions in favor of less-qualified women , some of whom used to work for Napolitano when she was governor of Arizona . As part of his lawsuit , Hayes cites behavior by Barr in an attempt to prove an alleged culture of sexual discrimination against men , according to Hayes ' lawyer , Morris Fischer of Maryland . In his lawsuit filed in federal court in Washington last May , Hayes says Barr "  created a frat house-type atmosphere that is targeted to humiliate and intimidate male employees . " ICE Public Affairs Director Brian Hale said in a written statement this week that "  ICE has referred these allegations to the DHS Office of Inspector General and the ICE Office of Professional Responsibility for review . Ms. Barr has voluntarily placed herself on leave pending the outcome of this review . " On Thursday , DHS filed a motion to dismiss the entire complaint and denied allegations of discrimination and retaliation . Its attorneys also argued "  unfounded allegations " made against Barr are "  irrelevant " and an "  attempt to embarrass or harass senior government officials . " However , a federal official calls the allegations about Barr "  serious . " In his lawsuit , Hayes also cites Dora Schriro , who was appointed to serve as special adviser to Napolitano on detention and removal , and immigration and customs enforcement ; and as director of the office of detention policy and planning . After about a year , Schriro left DHS in September 2009 after being recruited to run New York City 's Department of Corrections . Hayes claims Schriro was not qualified for her DHS appointment because she lacked experience running a federal law enforcement department . Previously , Schriro served as head of both Missouri 's and Arizona 's Department of Corrections . In the mid 1980 's , she was Assistant Commissioner of Corrections . In the lawsuit , Hayes blames Barr for "  sexually offensive behavior . " In one alleged incident , Hayes says Barr called a male employee at a hotel and screamed at him using crude language to say she wanted to have sex with him . Hayes also states Barr moved the office contents of three male employees into a men 's bathroom at ICE headquarters in 2009 . After his client 's lawsuit was filed , Fischer says he was contacted by other federal employees who heard about Hayes ' claim . They provided affidavits to Hayes and his lawyer alleging more sexually charged comments made by Barr , according to Fischer . "  We 've been getting calls and e-mails from all over the country from people who want to come forward with information that may be helpful on this case , " Fischer told CNN . In an affidavit provided to CNN , another ICE employee describes a 2009 meeting in the office of ICE Director Morton during which employees were discussing personal plans for Halloween . The male employee says he overheard Barr ask a "  senior ICE employee " about the size of his genitals . "  You 're a sexy mother -  expletive  , " she allegedly said . Over 17 years , Hayes rose through the ranks from Border Patrol agent to a top position at headquarters in charge of Detention and Removal Operations , overseeing a $ 2.5 billion budget , his lawsuit states . Hayes claims he was removed from that job because of gender discrimination . Hayes is suing to recover $ 335,000 in moving costs and lost bonuses he says he incurred when he was transferred to New York in 2009 from Washington His lawyer says other ICE employees have been reimbursed for similar expenses . His lawsuit also claims he faced retaliation after threatening to file an Equal Opportunity Claim against DHS and cites six internal investigations which were all unfounded . However , all but one of those investigations against him involving complaints by fellow employees were initially filed before Napolitano took office in 2008 . In his court documents , Hayes says the complaints were reviewed after he began complaining . Hayes ' lawsuit is filled with "  false and unsubstantiated " allegations against Barr and other DHS employees , according to a federal official who defended ICE as an agency of "  dedicated law enforcement professionals . " Hayes ' allegations "  do not align with the fact that Mr. Hayes has routinely held high-ranking assignments , including his current position as head of ICE 's second largest field office in New York , the official added . DHS plans to file a motion to dismiss the lawsuit before the end of next week , the official said . Barr could not be reached for comment . Schriro was on vacation Thursday , but a spokeswoman for New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's office issued a statement on her behalf and also praised Schriro 's work . "  In an arena that has historically been run by men , Commissioner Schriro is proud to have served a combined 14 years as the first woman Director of Correction for the States of Missouri and Arizona . Her selection and service at DHS were based on merit , " Samantha Levine , deputy press secretary in Bloomberg 's office , said in the statement . "  Schriro  served with distinction in Washington , D.C. , and New York City is fortunate to have her as our Department of Correction Commissioner . " Hayes declined comment on his lawsuit . His lawyer indicated Hayes would like to stay with DHS and issued a statement calling his client a victim of "  frat house behavior . " In the same statement , Hayes ' lawyer is asking the House subcommittee on Oversight , Investigations , and Management of DHS for a bipartisan investigation . Mike Rosen , a spokesman for Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the subcommittee , called Hayes ' allegations "  certainly of interest . " In a statement , committee chairman Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said the committee "  has made no decision to initiate an investigation " but will monitor the lawsuit . The subcommittee has held five previous hearings on DHS management and leadership .	A discrimination suit was filed by the man who heads ICE operations in New York James Hayes claims he was passed over for promotions in favor of less-qualified women Hayes cites alleged behavior by Suzanne Barr , chief of staff for the director of ICE ICE says the allegations are under review ; Barr has taken paid leave of absence
CNN  -- The gulf between smartphones and cameras is getting smaller , thanks to a new point-and-shoot camera from Nikon that 's powered by the Android operating system . The 16-megapixel Coolpix S800c camera , announced Wednesday , will be the first camera running Android on the market when it hits shelves in September . The addition of Android brings a few much-needed features to the point-and-shoot . Users can download mobile apps from the Google Play store and share images over cellular networks by tethering to a nearby smartphone or tablet . Pinterest releases new iPad and Android apps When phone makers first started adding tiny , low-resolution cameras to their devices , the camera industry was not terribly threatened . They had glorious digital SLR cameras with interchangeable lenses , sleek pocket cameras with large sensors and manual controls , and features like high-ISO for low-light shooting , megazoom , and rugged bodies for the outdoors . Anyone who loved photos would certainly prefer the high-quality shots captured on "  real " cameras , right ? But the camera companies underestimated just how important convenience was to consumers , and the public 's appetite for sharing photos of moments right when they happened . The resulting cellphone images were low-quality , but nothing a little sepia-filter could n't fix . The iPhone was not the first phone to have a camera , but it made sharing images online , over its cellular connection , a snap . In 2011 , more than a quarter of photos and videos were captured using a smartphone , according to a study from research company NPD Group . That number is only getting larger . The $ 350 Coolpix S800c is bringing some of what has made those smartphones so popular to a camera . It does n't have a cellular connection , but it does have Wi-Fi . Wireless connections have been around for a while on cameras , but the addition of Android means the camera can tether to a smartphone or tablet running Android when there 's no Wi-Fi network handy . The 3.5-inch touchscreen display gives users access to the Google Play store , where photogs can go to download more apps for their camera , including editing tools and social networks , such as Twitter , Facebook and , of course , Instagram . The camera can also run all the regular smartphone apps , allowing users to send e-mail , browse the Internet , listen to music and play games . Like Apple 's iPod Touch , it draws the line at making phone calls , however . The camera has 10X zoom , can shoot 1080p video , and includes GPS and maps for tagging images with locations . There are no manual controls . The S800c is running Android 2.3 , known as Gingerbread , which is not the most recent version of the operating system . That Nikon is the first to bring an Android camera to market is a surprise , since competitors Sony and Samsung already make Android devices and were in a better position to combine the two products . Polaroid showed off a demo camera running Android at the Consumer Electronics show in January , the SC1630 , but it is n't yet available . Nikon 's Android camera may be a first in the camera industry , but it 's still playing catch-up to the real competitors : smartphones with increasingly higher-quality cameras .	Nikon 's new point-and-shoot camera is powered by the Android operating system The touchscreen camera can access the Google Play store and run apps For instant sharing , photographers can use the camera 's Wi-Fi or tether it to a smartphone or tablet
CNN  -- Ferrari driver Felipe Massa will be in Brazil for his home Formula One grand prix on October 18 -- as a special guest to wave the chequered flag . Felipe Massa is still hopeful of competing in the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in November . Massa is currently on the road to recovery after requiring life-saving surgery towards the end of July following his accident in qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix . After completing two days in the Ferrari simulator this week , the 28-year-old is scheduled to drive a 2007-spec car on Monday after undergoing a medical check-up in Paris on Friday , with governing body the FIA in attendance . Massa , who has not ruled out the prospect of driving in the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on November 1 , will then return to Brazil for the penultimate round on the calendar . Massa will become the third celebrity to wave the chequered flag at Interlagos in the past eight years , following in the footsteps of Pele and model Gisele Bundchen . Hopefully , Massa will at least have his eyes on the conclusion of what could be the title decider , unlike Pele , who famously failed to carry out his duty . The legendary footballer was looking the other way when Michael Schumacher beat his brother Ralf by half-a-second in 2002 .	Felipe Massa will be in Brazil for home Formula One grand prix on October 18 The Ferrari driver is a special guest to wave the chequered flag at Interlagos Massa is recovering from surgery after accident in qualifying for Hungarian GP
CNN  -- Tampa , Florida , was set to assume center stage in American politics as the GOP gathers there to nominate Mitt Romney as the party 's presidential nominee . But now the city and Republicans are sharing the national spotlight with Tropical Storm Isaac , which is expected to make landfall along the Gulf Coast late Tuesday or Wednesday as a Category 1 hurricane . Tampa spared ; Isaac follows Katrina 's track By the numbers , here 's a look at Tampa , host city to the 2012 Republican National Convention . 346,037 -- Population of Tampa , Florida . Put your stamp on Tampa Third -- Tampa 's ranking among Florida 's largest cities . Strippers look to GOP to ` make it rain ' 670,000 square feet -- Area of the Tampa Bay Times Forum , site of the GOP convention . One -- Number of times Tampa has held the GOP convention , or any national presidential convention . Isaac could hinder GOP chance to define Romney 14.49 million -- Visitors to Tampa in 2011 . Tampa airport and airlines eye Isaac ahead of convention 91 -- Years since a hurricane has hit Tampa 5,000 acres -- Size of the Port of Tampa , one of the nation 's largest seaports . One -- Airports in the United States with an onsite beer brewery , Tampa International Airport . 12,280 feet -- Length of the Tampa Riverwalk tourist attraction . 237,045 -- Active , registered Republican voters in Hillsborough County , Florida , where Tampa is the county seat . One -- Number of times the Tampa Bay Rays have played in the World Series . They lost the series to the Philadelphia Phillies , four games to one , in 2008 . Four -- Number of times Tampa has hosted the Super Bowl .	Population of Tampa , Florida , is 346,037 Port of Tampa , one of the nation 's largest seaports , is 5,000 acres in size Tampa International Airport is only U.S. airport with onsite beer brewery The GOP convention is Tampa 's first national presidential convention
CNN  -- Fifty years after the Second Vatican Council was meant to represent the beginning of a "  world church " in the Catholic Church , the Catholic Church is still predominantly Eurocentric in her teachings , structures , and personnel . The shift in the center of gravity in world Christianity from the West to the global South , and the changing demographics in world Christianity , demands that the Eurocentric types and models of church and Christianity need to be abandoned . African Catholicism , like all local Catholic Churches throughout the world , can only flourish when it has the freedom to mine local and cultural resources and to develop its own narrative of faith and life , while embracing the positive heritage of Catholic and Christian history . Read more : Why the next pope should be African In the West , many Catholics are calling on the future pope to use his authority to address the causes and consequences of the clerical sexual abuse crisis . Other issues which many Western Christians see as needing urgent action are clerical celibacy , the place of women in the church , the problems of a high rate of divorce , the place of homosexuals in the church , the anguish of divorced and separated Catholics , the use and abuse of authority in the church , and some of the polarizing arguments on abortion and contraception . However , sometimes these problems in their Western variants are presented as the universal templates to view the challenges facing the Catholic Church in all parts of the world . Similar problems do exist in African Catholicism , but they manifest themselves in different ways and for different reasons . In African Catholicism , for example , there are few incidents of pedophile priests , but that does not mean that the church in Africa does not have its own demons with regard to sexual misdemeanors of its clergy with adult females . Many Africans value families because having children is the only way an African achieves personal immortality , by becoming an ancestor . As a result , the concern of some African Catholics for the church to have an open and honest discussion on celibacy is not driven out of concern for the loneliness or isolation that priests suffer in the West , but rather by the belief that having a wife and children culturally enhances one 's humanity and is a good thing for the community and the individual priest . Some African Catholic priests and bishops who secretly have had their own children were driven not simply by some unchecked and repressed libidinous upsurge , but by a cultural pressure to procreate and thus guarantee ancestral life beyond death . Watch video : Contender to be the first black pope ? Most African Catholic women do not wish to be able to become Catholic priests like their Western counterparts . On the other hand , many African women in the Catholic Church are silently bearing the weight of an African brand of Catholicism that reinforces a traditional African patriarchal mentality that women should not have a voice , and that they should be subordinate to men . African Catholic women would like to see the end to all kinds of sexual , physical , and emotional abuses of women in marriages , sexual harassment and exploitation in public offices and in some churches , and the suppression of the rights of women in African society . African Catholic women are praying for a future pope who will encourage African religious leaders to commit themselves to defending the rights of women to inheritance , land and to divorce , so that gender equality and respect for the dignity of the African woman can be achieved . Whereas abortion and contraception are divisive issues in Western Catholicism , most African Catholics embrace this teaching because most African cultures reject abortion and contraception . However , African Catholics are more concerned that the use of condoms to prevent HIV/AIDS should be understood as a therapeutic means to protect and preserve life . It should be seen in this light as actually a morally legitimate pro-life act , rather than anti-life . African Catholics look forward to the future pope introducing new and effective measures to check the seeming absolute powers and privileges of African bishops and priests . There is a troubling clericalism in African Catholicism that is similar to , and in some cases worse than , the dictatorial tendencies , corruption and lack of accountability among African politicians . Read also : Africa 's rocky road to democracy The poverty in Africa is shocking and sinful ; the social condition of the continent is perplexing , and the human suffering is not only unacceptable , but also inexcusable . The reason that religion is so central to Africans , and for the appeal of Catholicism , is because most Africans believe that God can intervene in their longs nights and dark days of suffering and uncertainty about the future . Many Africans hope that the future pope will challenge his fellow African bishops and priests to become the voice of the voiceless , and to not live above the people or exploit their vulnerability . Religion , and Christianity in particular , has become for many Africans a shopping mall where they experiment with all kinds of solutions to their existential problems . Many might argue that African Christianity lacks depth because people 's allegiance to one church or religion is not firm : an African Catholic can consult with an African traditional healer in the morning and take the same problem to a Pentecostal pastor in the afternoon , and then bring the same issue for prayer at a Catholic Mass in the evening . However , in an atmosphere of so much suffering and pain , the search for religious options becomes a viable pathway . African Catholics expect the next pope to raise the bar of ethical , prophetic , sacrificial , and servant leadership in African Catholicism -- and to hoist the banner of righteousness and moral rectitude , and political activism and solidarity , to lift millions of Africans from the pit of poverty so that they will have a voice and contribute in building a better society . The African church should be a church of the poor , a church with the poor , a church for the poor and a church that is on the side of the poor so as to give them a voice . Next pope from Africa or Latin America ? Africans , like most Catholics , hope that the future pope will be a humble , holy , wise and compassionate servant leader , who is able to communicate the teachings of the Catholic Church with compassion and tenderness . Such a pope must also be a listening pope who will not be afraid to engage the modern world , in order to discern the signs of the times and embrace the beauty of the new revelations which God is manifesting in today 's world . What do you think should be the next pope 's top priority in Africa ? Leave a comment below . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stan Chu Ilo .	Catholic Church is still predominantly Eurocentric , argues Stan Chu Ilo Challenges facing African Catholicism not always the same as those facing the Western church African Catholic women praying that pope will encourage religious leaders to defend women 's rights Ilo says Africans hope pope will be humble , holy , wise and compassionate
CNN  -- Reputed former mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger did not have the right to commit more murders after striking a purported immunity deal with the FBI in the 1970s , a federal judge ruled Monday , knocking down a key part of Bulger 's defense at his trial . Bulger , the alleged former head of Boston 's notorious Winter Hill gang , faces 19 murder charges , as well as charges including extortion , money-laundering and narcotics distribution . The defense had initially moved to dismiss the case , saying Bulger was granted immunity by federal agents working to infiltrate Irish and Italian mobs in Boston three decades ago . Judge Richard Stearns denied Bulger had "  prospective immunity " -- that is , immunity to commit crimes made after his purported deal with the FBI . Stearns left undecided whether Bulger had "  historical immunity " for crimes committed before a deal . He gave both sides time to review evidence on that point . Bulger 's attorneys had also sought to have a jury decide on his immunity claim , arguing he would receive a fairer hearing , but Stearns refused . Photos : Whitey Bulger in hiding Bulger 's attorneys said he is prepared to detail the immunity deal "  for past and ongoing crimes " at trial , and they said they will continue to fight for a jury trial . "  The federal government has done everything in its power over the past 25 years to cover up the relationship between James Bulger and federal law enforcement authorities , " the attorneys wrote in a statement after the ruling . "  The federal government , including attorneys who worked for the  U.S. Justice Department  during this period , desperately want to conceal this sordid history from the jury , the victims , and the public . Today 's decision is another step toward that goal . " The U.S. attorney 's office declined to comment . Regarding Bulger 's claim of immunity , Stearns wrote that a license to kill is "  beyond the pale and one unknown even in the earliest formalities of the common law . " He wrote the defense has provided a "  paucity of information " about the deal that Bulger says he struck with Jeremiah O'Sullivan , then the head of the Justice Department 's New England Organized Crime Strike Force . Prosecutors submitted an affidavit from a former U.S. Justice Department official who says that if O'Sullivan did grant Bulger immunity from his past crimes , then it was without proper approval and against agency practice . The affidavit is part of the evidence the two sides will be reviewing on historical immunity . Bulger made headlines when he was arrested in June 2011 in Santa Monica , California , after being on the run for 16 years . Before his sudden departure from Boston , he cooperated as an informant with disgraced ex-FBI agent John Connolly Jr. , who is serving a 50-year sentence for second-degree murder and racketeering . According to an indictment against Connolly filed in 2000 , Bulger became his confidential informant in fall 1975 .	NEW : Bulger 's attorneys say the federal government is covering up its role NEW : The Justice Department declines to comment Former mob boss Whitey Bulger faces 19 murder counts A judge rules against part of his immunity claim
CNN  -- Heavy rains and flooding in Brazil have caused 260 deaths in the states of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo , CNN affiliate TV Record reported Wednesday . The greatest damage was in a cluster of towns in a mountainous area northeast of the city of Rio from Tuesday night to Wednesday morning , where civil defense officials said 147 lost their lives . That included 114 people reported killed in Teresopolis by a mudslide , local officials told CNN . Some 1,000 others were left without shelter and were being moved to a local gym and schools . And , in nearby Petropolis , 18 deaths were recorded , the state government said , according to Agencia Brasil . Three deaths were reported in Itaipava , while in Nova Friburgo there were 12 . Among the victims in Rio state were three firefighters who were involved in rescue operations when they were buried by a subsequent mudslide , Agencia Brasil reported . A fourth firefighter was missing . Nearly 75,000 people were without power in the region as a result of the heavy storms . Teresopolis Mayor Jorge Mario Sedlacek declared his city a natural disaster area . He told CNN affiliate TV Globo that at least 80 rescuers have been sent to the region . Meanwhile , in the state of Sao Paulo , at least 24 people were dead as heavy rain continued to batter parts of the state , authorities said . It has been raining since January 1 , and the deluge could continue until the end of the week , forecasters have said . The flooding has caused mudslides , officials said Tuesday . The Mairipora Dam gave way , adding to the woes in the area , said Ramos Junior , a captain at the Sao Paulo Civil Fire Department . Sao Jose dos Campos , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  from the city of Sao Paulo , has been hardest hit by the flooding , Junior said . In January last year , heavy rains caused dozens of deaths in Brazil 's southeast coast . Torrential rains caused deadly mudslides in the resort area of the town of Angra dos Reis . Journalist Luciani Gomes and CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Rafael Romo and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : There are 147 reported deaths in state of Rio de Janeiro Three firefighters are among those dead It has been raining since January 1 in Sao Paulo state A dam in the area has given way , adding to the woes
Washington  CNN  -- If nothing else , the latest ISIS act of barbarism brought a quick political consensus , and added pressure on President Barack Obama : Caution in the face of repugnant horror just wo n't do . The president responded Wednesday in his first public remarks since the beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff . He promised results while pleading for time to deal with Islamic terrorists in Iraq and Syria . "  Our objective is clear : That is to degrade and destroy ISIL so it 's no longer a threat , " Obama said during a news conference in his trip to Estonia . "  It 's going to take some time , it 's going to take some effort , " he said . His comments came the day after lawmakers from both sides of the aisle called for action . "  We must use every tool at our disposal , short of introducing ground forces in combat roles , to put an end to the threat they pose to our national security , " Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire said in a statement Tuesday . Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio , rarely on the same page as Shaheen , also called on Obama to respond , and quickly . "  There is no disease that becomes easier to treat the longer you wait , " Rubio said . But whether increased bipartisan pressure will translate into a dramatically new and bolder administration approach is an open question . "  He is not going to plunge America into another trillion-dollar social science project because two American journalists have been killed , no matter how horrific it is , " said longtime State Department hand Aaron David Miller , now a scholar at the Wilson Center . ISIS video shows beheading of American journalist Still , given the second barbaric beheading in a few weeks and the growing political calls for more decisive action , Miller said , "  You ca n't imagine him not responding in some way . " The rush of statements from politicians shared similar language calling for action and a better explanation of U.S. policy . ` Let there be no doubt , we must go after ISIS right away , " said Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida , the senior senator from the home state of American journalist Steven Sotloff . "  It is long overdue for the Obama administration to present to the Congress , the American people , and our allies around the world a comprehensive strategy to respond to the horrific threat ISIS poses , " moderate GOP Sen. Susan Collins said in a statement . What can the U.S. do against ISIS in Syria ? And Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , already among the Republicans suggesting Obama has been too timid in responding to the ISIS threat , said it was time to stop debating whether to use U.S. air power against ISIS leadership targets in Syria . "  Condemnation is not enough to deal with this scourge . It is time we act decisively , " Graham said . The GOP hawk said airpower had proven to be effective against ISIS targets on a limited basis in Iraq and said now : "  It 's a tactic that should be aggressively pursued both in Syria and Iraq . Mr. President , if you ca n't come up with a strategy , at least tell us what the goal is . " The timing also adds to the pressure on the President . ISIS released the video showing the purported murder of Sotloff as Obama traveled to Europe to attend a NATO summit , where responding to ISIS is a top agenda item . Miller sees sad irony in the fact that a president who made a name for himself in politics with innovative uses of social media to communicate "  is now forced to respond because of this cruel and savage use of it . " Obama ` cautious ' approach on ISIS is panned As the commander in chief traveled , a top State Department official urged patience even in the wake of the apparent Sotloff beheading . "  Obviously , ISIS is a very sophisticated organization , " Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Brett McGurk told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  You can not just go in militarily and start dropping bombs , and hope that it 's going to work out . You have to have a very sophisticated approach to this . " In the short term , veteran diplomats and intelligence experts acknowledge the pressure on the White House to respond with force will be intense , but they cautioned the menu of options might not be terribly appealing . "  I 'm not sure there is a one-off airstrike or small set of airstrikes that would achieve much right now , " Miller said . "  And I do n't think they are ready , in terms of identifying the targets , for a sustained and comprehensive set of strikes in Syria right now . " Why a strategy to fight ISIS in Syria will take time Given that the options are hardly appealing , Miller said the President 's often-criticized caution makes considerable policy sense . "  But his risk aversion is politically a disaster for him . " While mulling new military and diplomatic moves , Miller and others suggested a growing urgency for the president to set a speech or some other event to explain in detail the ISIS threat and his deliberations . "  It took 10 years to take down al Qaeda , " Miller said . "  Given some of the advantages ISIS has it will probably take 20 . He will be handing off to the next guy or woman who is going to have to continue the fight . But he has got to figure a way to lay out a strategy , and explain the generational aspect . That is something a president needs to do . " Apparent ISIS executioner : ` I 'm back , Obama '	The second video of an American beheaded by ISIS prompted fast calls for more action Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle urge President Obama to act quickly Experts say ISIS is a sophisticated organization and more robust action may be complicated Obama "  is now forced to respond because of this cruel and savage use " of social media , one expert says
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe  RBZ  has introduced a $ 1,000 note -- $ 10 trillion in the old value -- as the country battles to end cash shortages in the hyper-inflationary environment . Zimbabwe 's currency is trading around Z$ 350 -- $ 35 trillion in the old value -- against U.S. dollar . However , analysts said the new note -- which can only buy a loaf of bread -- will not ease pressure on cash shortages because of the ever-increasing prices . "  It will not make even a small impact . What we need in Zimbabwe is a clear change of policies , start production and then inflation will start easing up , " said John Robertson , an economic consultant . "  The zeros seem to be coming back no matter how often they slash them . " In August , Zimbabwe slashed ten zeroes on the currency ; two years earlier the country slashed three zeros . The zeroes keep bouncing back in the country that has an inflation rate of 11.2 million -- the highest in the world . Zimbabwe 's agro-based economy has been on a free-fall for more than a decade now . The situation was exacerbated by the destruction of commercial agriculture in 2000 when President Robert Mugabe 's government embarked on a violent land grab from white farmers and gave it to inexperienced black farmers . Mugabe denies that he is to blame for the country 's economic collapse , citing economic sanctions that have been placed on Zimbabwe . Since 2000 , Zimbabwe 's currency has been depreciating against major currency . It is trading around $ 350 Zimbabwean dollars -- $ 35 trillion in the old value -- against the U.S. dollar .	Z$ 1,000 note can only purchase a loaf of bread Zimbabwe 's agro-based economy in free-fall for more than a decade Robert Mugabe blames country 's economic collapse on sanctions
CNN  -- A plane carrying three Canadians across Antarctica is unaccounted for , and inclement weather is impeding the search for the aircraft , New Zealand officials said . The emergency locator transmitter on the Twin Otter aircraft activated at 10 p.m. Wednesday  4 a.m. ET  from within New Zealand 's Antarctic rescue area , a Maritime New Zealand statement said . The plane was flying from the South Pole to an Italian base at Terra Nova Bay , Maritime New Zealand said . Planes and helicopters in New Zealand are ready to search , but "  weather conditions are extremely challenging , " said John Ashby , a search and rescue mission coordinator for Rescue Coordination Centre New Zealand . "  There are winds of 90 knots at the site , and conditions are forecast to worsen with snow becoming heavier . " The plane has survival equipment and supplies for five days , Ashby said . Canadian , U.S. and Italian authorities are also involved , the statement said .	Three Canadians were flying from the South Pole to Terra Nova Bay in Antarctica The plane did not arrive , and the emergency locator activated , New Zealand officials said Bad weather is preventing search aircraft from heading to the area , officials said
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Three top allies of Ivory Coast 's former president , Laurent Gbagbo , have been arrested in less than a week , raising political tension in the West African nation , where the nation 's army has been hit by weeks of attacks . Laurent Akoun , general secretary of the Front Populaire Ivoirien , Ivory Coast 's former ruling party , was arrested on Sunday in Adzope , 100 kilometers east of Abidjan , the nation 's economic capital and most populous city , party officials said . Akoun was arrested for having defamed President Alassane Ouattara during a recent meeting with some of the party 's members and supporters in an Abidjan cafe , said Sylvain Miaka Oureto , the party 's leader . He also is accused of harming state security because of what he said during the meeting , Oureto said . He said Akoun was still in custody Monday evening . Akoun , the current deputy chief of the party , was heading to a party rally when the nation 's gendarmerie -- a paramilitary force -- arrested him and transferred him to Abidjan , said Augustin Guehoun , the head of communication for the party . His arrest follows that of two former Gbagbo Cabinet ministers , one of them in Ghana , where he had sought refuge . Oureto said the series of arrests against the party 's high-ranking officials is intended to "  behead the Front Populaire Ivoirien . " He said the government is "  man hunting " against the leaders of the party . At least seven attacks have been carried out since August 5 by unidentified gunmen against the Forces Republicaines de CÃ ´ te d'Ivoire , Ivory Coast 's national army . At least 17 people were killed in the attacks , including 10 Ivorian soldiers . In the latest raid , carried out Saturday , four people died when an army 's checkpoint was attacked by four armed men at Irobo , about 100 kilometers west of Abidjan , said Paul Koffi Koffi , minister delegate to defense . One civilian , one soldier and two attackers were killed , he said . Ivory Coast 's authorities say Gbagbo 's supporters are behind the attacks , intended to destabilize the West African country , which is recovering from a five-month post-election crisis that killed more than 3,000 people last year . Oureto denied the party is connected to any of the violence that has hit the country in the past month . He said the reasons for the recent attacks have to be investigated in light of the failing process of disarmament and reassimilation of former fighters . The political standoff was sparked last year when Gbagbo refused to acknowledge his defeat in a November 2010 presidential election and hand over power to Ouattara . Gbagbo was arrested in April 2011 , after 10 days of war , in Abidjan . Ouattara addressed the recent attacks Sunday , saying he condemned those "  reprehensible acts , " and adding that "  this violence is the arm of desperate persons . " An extraordinary security meeting is to held Tuesday to assess the security situation in the country , he said . The Front Populaire Ivoirien 's headquarters in Abidjan also were attacked on August 18 , and the party has accused the government of staging that incident . Laurent Akoun is the third Gbagbo 's top ally to be arrested in less than a week by Ivory Coast 's authorities . Alphonse Douati , a senior member of the party and former Cabinet minister in Gbagbo 's administration , was arrested last Tuesday and has been charged with harming state security . He is accused of financing the recent attacks . Justin Kone Katinan , a spokesman for Gbagbo during last year 's standoff and the ex-budget minister , was arrested on August 24 in neighboring Ghana , where he sought refuge after the collapse of Gbagbo 's administration in April 2011 . Ivory Coast 's government issued international arrest warrants last year against two dozen military and political officials loyal to Gbagbo , including Katinan , who is accused of economic crimes . Ghana 's authorities said Monday they are studying a possible extradition of Katinan .	Laurent Akoun is the third supporter of the former president arrested in a week The party 's leader denies the group is linked to attacks against the army At least seven attacks have been carried out this month against army forces
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron made a surprise visit to the troops in Afghanistan Thursday , a day after he announced a significant drawdown of UK forces there . "  Thank you for what you 've done . You make our country proud , " Cameron told the troops , according to the official Twitter account for his office at No. 10 Downing Street . Cameron said Wednesday that UK troop numbers will decrease to about 5,200 by the end of 2013 . The country currently has around 9,500 military personnel in Afghanistan , 500 of which will be leaving by the end of this year . Read more : Karzai welcomes UK troop withdrawal plan The accelerated withdrawal is due to progress in the southern province of Helmand , where Afghan forces are now taking a lead security role , British officials say . "  We came to Afghanistan to help this country stop being a haven of terror , but we 've always wanted this country to be able to police itself , with its own army and its own police force , " Cameron said during his visit . "  We 're successfully training them up so we 're able to bring our troops back home . " Cameron said the withdrawal is "  based on success , not based on failure . " France pulled its last combat units from Afghanistan over the weekend . About 1,500 French troops will remain the country through next year to remove equipment and help train Afghan forces , a French Defense Ministry spokesman said . Britain is the second-largest contributor of troops to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , with the majority of its personnel operating in Helmand . Since Operation Enduring Freedom began in 2001 , Britain has lost 438 troops , the highest of any coalition member behind the United States . The United States , whose troops make up the bulk of the force , has lost 2,162 troops in the NATO mission . Some 68,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan . Coalition forces are working to get Afghan security forces ready to take charge of security after the NATO mission in Afghanistan concludes at the end of 2014 . Read more : Land mine kills 10 girls collecting firewood in Afghanistan CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Prime Minister David Cameron thanks the troops : "  You make our country proud " His surprise visit comes after announcing reduction from 9,500 to 5,200 troops by end of 2013 Britain has lost 438 troops since Operation Enduring Freedom began in 2001
CNN  -- "  De Soto , Holder of Twenty-nine World Records , builds a new aero-dynamic car at popular prices ... This year De Soto does the unexpected again ... introduces not one new car ... but two ! ... We ca n't describe the new Airflow model . You will have to see it yourself to know how truly beautiful it is . " Go to a public library or a used-books-and-periodicals store sometime , select at random an American magazine from decades ago , flip through the pages at your leisure . What may strike you is not the now-forgotten news stories , but the energy and effort expended , the enthusiasm displayed , in the advertisements extolling products that were prominent at the moment , and that today are nowhere to be seen . "  When your head is stuffed up ! Nothing helps a cold more than rest and sleep but you ca n't sleep when your head is stuffed up , and you ca n't enjoy your food when you ca n't smell and taste . If you want to have your head clear , enjoy your food and sleep peacefully , just buy a bottle of Mistol , put a few drops in each nostril and see how much better you feel immediately . " Labor Day weekend is as good a time as any to reflect upon what endures -- what matters -- in the life of American commerce and industry . What lasts are not the specific products we desire and purchase . They come and go . People , for a while , decide they need or want them . We 're terrific at making stuff -- at conjuring what the market will go for , at expertly constructing and packaging it , at promoting and selling it . We 're so good at it that we sometimes forget that the thing to be most proud of is not the products , which are largely ephemeral , but the work -- the labor -- that goes into them . The products , those worthy and those without much worth at all , tend to disappear in time . The diligence and skill behind the labor renews itself each generation . "  Quieted down to a mere whisper ... it 's Cushioned . The New Underwood Special Typewriter . Mark this significant feature of Cushioned Typing now : There 's no ratchety rasp and bang when the carriage is thrown across the machine . Just a gentle purring swish ... that 's all . " The products mentioned above were featured in the January 21 , 1935 , edition of Time magazine . They shared the pages with promotions for the Hotel Annapolis on H Street in Washington  "  Economize Without Sacrificing Comfort . 400 Outside Rooms , 400 Baths "  , Pierce-Arrow automobiles  "  Ride in one ... prove to yourself that without doubt , America 's finest motor-car is this year 's Pierce-Arrow "  , and the Great White Fleet of cruise ships  "  The Golden Key to the West Indies and the Caribbean "  . All of them are now long departed . On this Labor Day weekend , page through any magazine on the newsstand , click through the ads on any website , and you will encounter products that are fresh and enticing today , but that will have gone the way of the Pierce-Arrow or the Underwood Special by the time your grandchildren who have n't yet been born are consumers . There 's optimistic news in that . By then , inventors and laborers and sales representatives will have come up with something they believe is better , something more suited to the needs of that era . They -- the creators , the work force -- are what maintains . In the summer of 1960 , when the medium of network television was still relatively new and booming , NBC News presented a preview of the Democratic National Convention . On this archived video of the broadcast , you will notice the trumpeting of sponsors . There 's Look magazine  "  bringing the exciting story of people to 28 million readers every issue "  . There 's Kentucky Kings cigarettes  "  the only cigarette with a filter made of tobacco -- an all-tobacco filter for that all-tobacco taste . "  And , at the end of the broadcast , there 's an invitation to viewers : "  If you have any question about the convention or its people , simply send a telegram to NBC Convention Wire , Los Angeles , California . " Look went out of business in 1971 ; Kentucky Kings and their all-tobacco filters drifted away like a waft of spent smoke ; and when you have an urgent question for someone all the way across the country , the impulse to send a telegram undoubtedly never occurs to you . "  Ask the man who owns one , " the Packard automobile company proclaimed in that old issue of Time . Packard went away in 1958 , but there are new ideas for new products and services being dreamed up right now . It 's the one certain thing about American life . Given the opportunity , given a job to do , we know -- we always have known -- how to build . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene	Bob Greene : Ads for long-gone products a record of what lasts , what does n't , in U.S. commerce He says Labor Day reminds of enduring importance of worker as fashions , retail tides shift Who gets excited about a De Soto , an Underwood typewriter ? Just the work force that built them Greene : One certainty in America : Given opportunity , Americans always have known how to build
CNN  -- Actress Olivia Wilde proudly announced the birth of her baby boy on Wednesday , tweeting a photo to share the news with her fans . "  Ladies and gentlemen , Otis Alexander Sudeikis has LEFT the building !  I 'm the building  , " she wrote . The photo posted by the 30-year-old actress shows her smiling , with the baby 's head pressed against her cheek . Wilde and former "  Saturday Night Live " star Jason Sudeikis welcomed their newborn on April 20 , a representative for Wilde said . The couple announced their engagement last year and revealed in October that they were expecting their first child together . "  We 've discussed all our ideals and hopes . I ca n't wait for children , " the "  Rush " star told Marie Claire last year . "  I 'm open-minded about how many , but three , which I love , is like a little party . ...  T  here 's no strict plan for anything in my life . What happens , happens . " But even then Wilde said she knew her husband-to-be would make a great dad . "  He 's so good with kids , " she told the magazine of Sudeikis , 38 . "  I 've never before experienced looking at someone and thinking , ` That 's who I want to raise a child with . ' " CNN 's Breeanna Hare and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep : Olivia Wilde and former SNL star Jason Sudeikis ' baby was born April 20 "  Otis Alexander Sudeikis has LEFT the building !  I 'm the building  , " Wilde tweets The 30-year-old actress tweets a photo of herself and the baby
London  CNN  The Hatton Garden heist , as it will surely come to be known , was every safe deposit box holder 's nightmare , every movie director 's dream . Thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London over the past holiday weekend , possibly taking advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes . And they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even , in the educated guess of one former police official , as much as 200 million pounds , or $ 300 million . Police were offering few details Wednesday of the robbery at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. . Detectives on the scene were carrying out a "  slow and painstaking " forensic examination , police said in a statement . "  Officers anticipate the process to take approximately two days , " the statement said . "  At this stage it is believed that approximately 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary . Officers are working closely with Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd to establish the identities of those affected . Police will be contacting victims directly as and when they are identified . " WATCH : Top five jewelry heists Throughout the day Wednesday , customers of the business went in and out of the premises , clearly unhappy about not being able to learn whether their boxes were among those ransacked . Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city 's diamond trade . The area 's promotional website says it is home to "  the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the UK " and has been for quite some time . "  History tells us that the old City of London had certain streets -- or quarters -- dedicated to specific types of business , " the website says . "  The Hatton Garden area has been the epicentre of London 's jewellery trade since medieval times . "  Today , it maintains its international reputation as the centre of London 's diamond trade . It is one of the finest and most renowned jewellery locations in the world . " $ 4.8 M in gold swiped from N.C. highway . But how ? The police statement did not put a value on the amount of the haul . But numerous British news organizations put the figure in the hundreds of thousands of pounds , which translates into even more hundreds of thousands of dollars . Many of those who rent safe deposit boxes at the company are reportedly in the jewelry trade . But Roy Ramm , a former chief of the Flying Squad , an economic crime unit of London 's Metropolitan Police Service , came up with a much higher guess . "  I would not be surprised , given where this one is , in Hatton Garden , if 200 million pounds is around about the amount stolen , " Ramm said on BBC Radio 4 . Because of the long Easter weekend , police did not hear of the robbery until Tuesday morning . This may prove to be an embarrassment , as the Telegraph newspaper reported that the alarm at the business sounded Friday but , as the front and back doors still appeared locked , no action was taken . The website of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. says the company was founded in 1954 and offers a "  secure and cost-effective solution to store and protect important and irreplaceable personal belongings . " Robbers target security vans in France jewel heist	Robbers may have taken advantage of a four-day holiday weekend Estimates of the value of the items taken rage from hundreds of thousands of pounds to 200 million pounds The heist took place in a historic heart of London 's jewelry business
New York  CNN  -- In one of the largest single-day operations against the Mafia in FBI history , federal agents working with local law enforcement fanned out across Italy , New York , New Jersey and Rhode Island to arrest 127 people allegedly involved in organized crime , officials said . Alleged members from the five prominent New York families -- the Gambino , Colombo , Bonanno , Genovese and Lucchese families -- were arrested Thursday , based on 16 indictments in four different jurisdictions , Attorney General Eric Holder said during a news conference in New York . "  Today 's arrests and charges mark an important step forward in disrupting La Cosa Nostra 's illegal activities , " he said , referring to the criminal organization by its Italian name . Ninety-one members and their associates , including one in Italy , were charged with federal crimes that include conspiracy , arson , extortion , narcotics trafficking , illegal gambling , labor racketeering and murders that date back as far as 1981 , according to a U.S. Justice Department statement . An additional 36 suspects were charged for their roles in the alleged criminal activity , the statement said . About 125 people , including several high-ranking members and much of the Colombo family leadership , are currently in custody following a raid that Holder described as the largest single-day operation against the notorious crime network . Four of those charged were previously in custody , officials said . Members of the New England Patriarca family and New Jersey-based Decavalcante family are also accused of related federal crimes . "  Some allegations involve classic mob hits to eliminate perceived rivals , " Holder told reporters . "  Others involve senseless murders . " He described two murder victims who were allegedly killed in a public bar over a dispute concerning a spilled drink . Holder 's appearance in New York with leadership from local and federal law enforcement perhaps underscores the significance the Justice Department attributes to Thursday 's sweep . Television images showed several men handcuffed and hand-checked by federal agents -- an apparent part of the "  unprecedented " 800-person task force involved in the raid . The move comes amid concerns about a possible resurgence of organized crime despite a scattered recent history of defections , beginning with acting crime boss of the Lucchese family , Alphonse D'Arco , who admitted to "  cooperating with the federal government " starting in 1991 . Gambino family underboss Salvatore "  Sammy the Bull " Gravano defected later that same year , providing testimony -- in exchange for a reduced sentence -- which led to the conviction of the infamous Gambino kingpin John Gotti . "  If you look at the mob in the '50s and '60s and '70s , there were virtually no informants , " said New York Waterfront Commissioner Ronald Goldstock . "  The picture has changed dramatically today . The mob is practically unrecognizable . " But Thursday 's sweep may now do away with "  the myth " of the mafia and the widely held notion that "  La Cosa Nostra is a shell of its former self , " said Janice Fedarcyk , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's New York Division . "  I think we made a serious dent today , " Fedarcyk said , but she warned of a new generation of criminal leadership "  coming up behind them . " The mob revival concept , however , is the subject of debate . "  Their leadership ranks have been battered by federal and local law enforcement over the years , " said James B. Jacobs , a professor at the New York University School of Law . "  It 's very hard to see to how they could have ever reconstituted in the way they were before . " Attorney General Holder said organized crime is not resurgent and no longer nationwide , but still subtracts millions of dollars from local businesses by way of a "  mob tax , " or tribute exacted through corrupt local officials . Holder described the phenomenon as "  a major threat to the economic well-being of this country . " On Thursday , New Jersey and New York prosecutors identified more than a dozen New Jersey residents with alleged mob ties who worked as officials for longshoremen 's unions , charging them with racketeering and other related offenses , according to a joint statement from district attorneys in both states . A man described as a "  soldier in the Genovese organized crime family " allegedly collected money from port workers , extorting payments after the workers received their annual Christmas bonuses . Police say workers from the International Longshoremen 's Association , Local 1235 , were forced to pay corrupt officials between $ 500 and $ 5,000 each year if they hoped to rise above entry-level dock jobs , according to New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . "  Organized crime means what it has always meant on the waterfront : Mobsters getting rich on the backs of dock workers , " he said . Despite declines in mob activity in other industries , dockyards in the U.S. Northeast are places where organized crime remains a threat , according to Waterfront Commissioner Goldstock . And with law enforcement focused on preventing terrorism and providing port security , organized crime is often left without the "  day-to-day pressures " it may have felt in years past , he said . Last April , 14 members of the Gambino crime family -- including Daniel Marino , who was then considered the family head -- pleaded guilty to charges that included murder , racketeering , extortion and prostitution of minors , court officials said . CNN 's Mary Snow , Deborah Feyerick , Terry Frieden and Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	NEW : Some 125 people are currently in custody , says Attorney General Holder NEW : Four of those charged were previously in custody , officials said . 91 members and associates , including one in Italy , are charged with federal crimes Another 36 suspects were charged for their roles in the alleged criminal activity
CNN  -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed legislation that requires the state to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states while such marriages were legal in California . California will recognize same-sex marriages from a period of time before Proposition 8 was enacted . Same-sex marriages performed elsewhere between June 16 , 2008 , and November 5 , 2008 , are to be legally recognized , as are in-state marriages performed during that time . The end date represents when a ballot initiative , Proposition 8 , added a ban on same-sex marriage to the state constitution . Proposition 8 bars the state from recognizing any marriage performed outside the state outside those dates . The state Supreme Court ruled after the proposition passed that marriages performed before the ban would remain on the books . But Senate Bill 54 splits a legal hair and requires the state to recognize such marriages as "  unions , " providing "  the same legal protections that would otherwise be available to couples that enter into civil unions or domestic partnerships out-of-state , " the governor said . "  In short , this measure honors the will of the people in enacting Proposition 8 while providing important protections to those unions legally entered into in other states , " Schwarzenegger said in a signing statement accompanying his signature . He signed the bill Sunday . Proponents of Proposition 8 lambasted the governor . "  The governor 's signing of SB 54 illustrates his disregard for the sovereign authority of California 's voting citizens , " said Everett Rice , a spokesman for the California Family Council . "  In 2000 and 2008 , the voters expressed their desire at the ballot box to protect traditional marriage . They emphatically affirmed that marriage should retain its historical definition and identity . However , today the governor has joined with other elected representatives by choosing to place the demands of special interest groups over more than 7 million California voters . "	Bill requires California to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states State will recognize marriages performed between June 16 and November 5 , 2008 Ending date marks when Proposition 8 was enacted State will recognize such marriages as "  unions ; " bill angers those who voted for ban
CNN  -- Former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki made a shaky start to the new WTA season with a shock defeat to Kazakhstan qualifier Ksenia Pervak in the first round of the Brisbane International Monday . The Dane finished her 2012 campaign in fine fettle with an 18-3 record after the U.S. Open , but Pervak showed her promise with a 2-6 6-3 7-6 win in two hours 48 minutes . Wozniacki , watched by her boyfriend , golf 's World No. 1 Rory McIlroy , powered through the opening set in just 29 minutes , but Pervak hit back to level . The pair had gone to three sets in their previous two meetings , both won by Wozniacki , but this time the tables were turned . The eighth seed led 2-0 and 30-0 but Pervak broke back and was dominant in the tiebreak , winning it 7-1 for her first victory over a top ten player . "  It 's tough to lose 7-6 in the third -- it could have gone either way , but it did n't go my way today , " Wozniacki told the official WTA website . "  I had a good off-season . I 've been working very hard . It 's just always tough to play your first match of the season , " she added . Wozniacki will now head to Sydney to get in some match practice ahead of the Australian Open , while Russian-born Pervak goes into the second round at Brisbane for the first time in four attempts . The shocks did not stop there as home hope and seventh seed Sam Stosur was beaten in the night match by Swede Sofia Arvidsson , going down 7-6 7-5 . Fourth seed Angelique Kerber came through in three sets against Georgia 's Anna Tatishvili , while her fellow German Sabine Lisicki beat Czech Lucie Safarova 6-2 6-4 . Lisicki will play women 's top seed Victoria Azarenka Wednesday . Serena Williams is already into the second round with a straight sets win over Varvara Lepchenko . In the men 's ATP event , which is headed by Britain 's Andy Murray , Japanese fifth seed Kei Nishikori began his campaign with a straights sets 7-5 6-2 win over Australian Marinko Matosevic .	Caroline Wozniacki beaten in first round of Brisbane International Ksenia Pervak of Kazakhstan wins 2-6 6-3 7-6 in marathon match Australian Sam Stosur also exits to Swede Sofia Arvidsson Serena Williams already into second round
CNN  -- It lit up the world and showed us all our way . It served presidents , princes , and paupers with equal alacrity . It brought the writings of Yeats , Joyce , Rowling , and Trudeau to millions of bed-readers , and helped countless people around the world avoid stubbing their toes in the dark . And now , it is no more . Farewell , traditional light bulb . As the clock strikes midnight , the light dims on your reign as the mechanical illuminator of human existence . Rest in peace . This was no sudden death . The diagnosis came in years ago , in 2007 , when President George W. Bush signed a law to replace standard incandescents with more efficient bulbs . Much more . Only about 10 % of the energy these traditional bulbs use is for light , the Environmental Protection Agency says . Seventy-five - and 100-watt bulbs were already banned this year . The ban on production of 40 and 60-watt bulbs -- the most popular in the country -- kicks in as 2014 begins . "  There are 4 billion light bulb sockets in the U.S. and more than 3 billion of them still use the standard incandescent technology that has n't changed much in 125 years , " the EPA says . "  A standard incandescent is only 10 % efficient -- the other 90 % of the electricity it uses is lost as heat . " It 's the dawn of a new day . Taking over the limelight now : halogen bulbs , compact fluorescent bulbs , LED bulbs and high efficiency incandescents . While CNNMoney has covered the business behind all this , as well as the battle over whether it 's a sign of too much government meddling , on this New Year 's Eve , we 're left with the sad sense of saying goodbye to you , sweet standard -- but also the knowledge that your legacy will irradiate our world , brighter than ever . Born in 1803 or later , depending on how you measure it , you , in all your transformational beauty , were raised by more parents than we could name -- Humphry Davy , James Bowman Lindsay , William Sawyer , Albon Man , Joseph Swan , and , of course , Thomas Edison , the Energy Department notes . While , unlike President Barack Obama , you have no birth certificate , we will always treasure Edison 's patent of you from January 27 , 1880 . And we find solace in knowing that he just might be glad to see you exit gracefully , making way for the next generation . "  Thomas Edison was a patriot , he was a futurist , and he was green . Edison 's concern after the turn of the last century was with pollution and nonrenewable resources , not with freezing technological change at the level of 1879 , " David Edward Edison Sloane , Thomas Edison 's great grandson , wrote for CNN.com under the headline , "  Edison would 've loved new light bulb law . " Still , some are n't quite as ready to let go . And , in a way , they wo n't have to . As with all laws , there are some loopholes . Three-way standard incandescent light bulbs will still be made . Yes , we live in an era of space stations , blazing fast computers , and access to just about any piece of information we need . But no one can take away the glory of that click-click-click you give us in our hotel-room lamps . So , for those who just ca n't quit you yet , some enterprising shop owners have a plan . "  Any regular lamp , you can change it from an on-and-off to a three-way , and we do it for our customers here , " Doug Satterfield , owner of Rollier 's Hardware in Mount Lebanon , Pennsylvania , told CNN affiliate KDKA . But in the not-so-long run , we know , your gleaming presence in our lives is fading . Today 's children wo n't know you as previous generations did . At CNNMoney.com , a commenter calling himself Mudbone Willie posted his concern -- and received hundreds of "  upvotes " for it . "  Great . I do all of my baking in a small oven that uses a light bulb at its heat source . Now what ? " Worry not , Mudbone Willie . The Easy-Bake oven has changed with the times . "  No more light bulbs needed ! " Hasbro says in its ad for the Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven . As greenbiz.com reported , Hasbro revised its classic in response to the new law . The new lights taking over our lives will surely bring joy and less wasted energy -- perhaps a beautiful new beginning . Still , on two of life 's most pressing questions , we remain in the dark : What will happen when a cartoon character gets a great idea ? On this , Fortuna Lee offers some suggestions . And , finally , how many psychiatrists/lawyers/programmers / med students/economists/surrealists will it now take to change a light bulb ? Oh , there are new ones that look the same ? Problems solved . Here 's to you , standard incandescent light bulb . May the fireworks that light up the skies this evening give you the blazing sendoff you deserve .	Standard incandescent light bulbs will no longer be manufactured They 're being replaced by more energy-efficient bulbs A standard bulb only puts 10 % of its energy into light , the EPA says Three-way standard lights will still be made
CNN  -- We had no idea five guys with a clever photo tradition would capture so much interest . But the overwhelming response to a recent story about high school friends who 've kept in touch over three decades through summer lakeside reunions and a commemorative photo shoot made us wonder what other creative ways people document their travels , relationships and experiences . If you 're traveling with Andrew Bennett , you know he 'll hand over a camera to capture him doing a handstand in front of some of the world 's noted landmarks . Is the photo better than the vacation ? Bear , an aptly named stuffed animal , is likely to turn up in Sue Brady 's travel shots . Claire Warmenbol does n't need any help or props : She simply points her camera at her feet to get the right shots . In an era of digital photography and smartphones , it 's easier than ever to create special traditions . The photo essay is no longer limited to professional photographers or people documenting the first day of school , Christmas or a college reunion . Seven beauties of the British Isles Where the tradition starts iReporter Bennett wanted a twist on the usual smiling-in-front-of-a-landmark shot . "  I thought to myself , ' I bet there are n't too many pictures of people doing handstands in front of the Eiffel Tower , ' " wrote Bennett , an Austin , Texas , resident who started his tradition in 2007 when he was studying abroad in Spain . "  So I started doing handstands everywhere we went . I 've traveled abroad several times since that trip , most recently to Israel this summer , and the tradition has continued . " Geneva-based iReporter Claire Warmenbol , who has been taking pictures of her feet around the world for about 10 years , thinks she started snapping shots in response to the question , "  Why do you travel so much ? " Her answer : "  Itchy feet ! " Warmenbol often travels alone for the great sense of freedom it gives her . From the stoop to social media Steve Springer 's photo project did n't start with photography or travel in mind . On August 25 , 1971 , his Bronx-based trio of childhood friends were in high school when they decided to meet at the stoop where they always hung out in exactly 10 years . They did n't take a picture that day , but found a photo later taken about that time and decided to replicate it each decade . Every 10 years , Springer , Steve Haimowitz , Errol Honig and other friends and assorted spouses and children travel from Florida , Washington , D.C. , California and just around the block to meet at the stoop to take the picture  standing in the same positions  , play stickball and reminisce . Now the photos are posted on former CNN staffer Springer 's blog and the group 's Facebook page . The men even made a YouTube video of their photo shoot . "  That stoop was our hangout , it 's where if we were n't playing ball or going to movies or playing records , that 's where we hung out , " said Springer . The tradition and the electronic community the men have created is "  simply a continuation of a friendship built 40 years ago , and we 're trying to keep it going and keep it alive . People post every day on our Facebook page . It 's like we 're hanging out on the stoop . " Last year 's 40th anniversary celebration was delayed by 24 hours because Honig was driving his daughter to start college in upstate New York . "  That seemed an awfully good reason to delay things by 24 hours , " wrote Springer on his blog . 27 must-sees on Earth Gratitude for many things While the photos bring back memories , they also remind people of their families , friends and other items on their gratitude lists . "  I think about how blessed I 've been to have had the opportunity to go to all these places , " Bennett wrote . "  Some were during study abroad , some were on family vacations , and some were for work with ISA  International Studies Abroad  . I also try not to take myself too seriously , so doing handstands is my way of keeping a light heart during my travels . Warmenbol 's ritual reminds her why she travels . "  It 's ` me ' moments on holidays , key moments of being somewhere special ; capturing stillness whilst being on the move , " she wrote . It 's not too late to start a tradition A friend gave "  Bear " to Sue Brady of Los Banos , California , after Brady 's gentleman friend of 22 years passed away three years ago . Brady , 63 , had always traveled with her companion , and now preferred to travel alone -- except for Bear , the stuffed polar bear . He has joined Brady on her travels around the country and became the star of her travel pictures . "  Some people when I take the picture will smile and think it 's cute , and some people look at me like I 'm nuts . " Having bear along makes traveling more fun , she said . If you do n't want to take the same picture every time you travel or return to a hometown you never liked , you do n't have to make the same commitment as these travelers . "  You do n't have to wait 30 years to get the same sequence of pictures , " says Heather Maddan , chief storyteller at Shutterfly.com and manager of the website 's storytelling section . "  It does n't have to be ` Let 's meet at the lake . ' It could be any day . You could go out for the weekend and take the same picture every day  and see the progression of the weekend  . " For the hard-core enthusiast : a challenge For those of you interested in a more intense challenge , turn to Charles and Rose Benoit for inspiration . The Rochester , New York , couple , who married in 1984 , started taking a picture of themselves every single day about 20 years ago . "  It all started one night when we were looking for pictures after many of our friends started to have kids , " said Rose Benoit . "  We had pictures of all our friends ' kids  and  we did n't have any pictures of us together . " Now the Benoits have pictures from all over the world . "  When we used to live overseas , we were both teachers and we went to this educational conference where Jane Goodall was a speaker , so we took a picture with Jane Goodall , " she said . "  Syria , Jordan , Thailand , Singapore -- we do n't take a lot of pictures , but every day we have our picture . " Has social media changed the way you share your travel photos ? Please share your stories in the comments below .	One iReporter does handstands in front of world landmarks Three childhood friends meet on a Bronx stoop every 10 years It 's never too late to start a photo-taking tradition
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 25 security personnel were killed when between 200 and 300 militants attacked border posts along Pakistan 's border with Agfhanistan , Pakistan 's military said Saturday . Those who died included Pakistani soldiers and police , the military said in a statement on its website , and two of the seven checkpoints attacked were overrun . Twenty of the militants , who came from across the border , were reportedly killed , the military said . Reinforcements are now being sent to the northwestern Chitral district . The attacks took place in areas that spanned roughly 125 km , a military official told CNN . "  It was a well coordinated attack involving a large number of militants , " said the official , who asked not to be named because he 's not authorized to speak to the media . Earlier , provincial government official Mian Iftikhar Hussain , the information minister for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , told CNN that 36 Pakistani security personnel had died . Fifteen militants were also killed , he said . The militants used both small and heavy weapons , said Rehmatullah Wazir , a senior government official from Chitral . Wazir said clashes continued between security forces and militants in some areas near the border . The Pakistani military said the militants were reported to be from Dir , Swat and Bajaur , three areas in northwest Pakistan where the military has sought over the past two years to remove insurgents . Saturday 's attacks were the latest in a series of recent cross-border assaults from Afghanistan 's Pech Valley and the provinces of Kunar and Nuristan , all areas from which U.S. troops began pulling out earlier this year as part of a strategy designed to bolster security in more populated areas of Afghanistan . Pakistani military officials say the withdrawal of U.S. troops has provided insurgents in the mountainous areas of eastern Afghanistan with safe havens that are used to launch cross-border attacks against Pakistani security forces . The attacks have raised tensions between Pakistan and Afghanistan , with each country accusing the other of not doing enough to secure its border region . CNN 's Nasir Habib and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 25 security personnel died in attacks on border posts , Pakistan 's military says NEW : Some 200-300 militants from across the Afghan border took part in the attacks , it says NEW : It says two of the seven border posts attacked were overrun by militants A government official puts the death toll for Pakistan security personnel higher , at 36
CNN  -- If you 're not Canadian , chances are you have never been as acutely aware of the political happenings of that country as you are now . Rob Ford , the embattled and out-of-control mayor of Toronto , has made sure of that , with his erratic behavior blazing across our screens more boldly and brightly than the reddest maple leaf that nation has ever produced . Ford 's booze-soaked stunts and possibly drug-driven debacles -- now feeding the tabloids and late night talk shows more meat than they could digest in a year -- are probably nothing you have n't read about , talked about , thought about , or , unfortunately , laughed about . But what you might not have thought about is this : You know this man . You know and respect this man . He works with you . He works for you . He lives next door to you . He 's related to you . He might even be you . He is , in fact , everywhere . And there 's nothing funny about it . Oftentimes functioning at levels you would never expect from someone with an addiction , the Rob Ford in your life is trying your case , prescribing your medication , running your company , investing your money , flying your plane and governing your city . And guess what ? He or she is doing it from the grips of a progressive disease , making it look easy until , well , one day it suddenly looks horrible . I know -- I 've been there . Was my own powerful reckoning with alcohol as excruciatingly documented and publicly consequential ? Mercifully , no . Not even close . Could it have been , under different circumstances ? Yes , perhaps . When you laugh at the mayor of Toronto , you are laughing at the struggles of countless people like him that you 'll never know about . People who you otherwise admire and sometimes even vote for . You see , the biggest difference between Mayor Ford and millions of other alcoholics and addicts who have built a successful career is n't that his behaviors are so much more shocking , it 's that his are alone in the center of a spotlight , on full display like the unsightly scar most of us are able to keep private . And he 's the mayor of one of the largest cities in North America . But if you dim that light and pause those digital recorders , you 'll see the mayor is not alone . He 's surrounded . Surrounded by a vast sea of others shrouded in the same , strong , delusional fog of denial . A fog that 's born from the marriage of disease and diploma , sickness and success . And , you 're surrounded by them , too . Hiding in plain sight , addicted yet outwardly successful professionals are a carefully disguised contradiction . We do n't have a problem with our drinking . Other people have a problem with their drinking . You know , the type of people who could n't do half of what we 've done . The people who could n't even get our job , let alone do it . Those people . Even when startling evidence to the contrary begins piling up , as it so clearly has with Mayor Ford , we stick to our story and cling to our capabilities . To paraphrase the mayor , if we were alcoholics , we could n't show up to work every day . Could we ? Yes . And we do . Until the bitter end and long after the other relationships in our lives have tanked , we suit up and show up . We 're professionals . And as long as we 've got that , we 're not alcoholics . We 're not addicts . Or so our inner monologue goes . But , if you pierce through that devastatingly convincing argument we sell ourselves , and you , each of us is a walking bundle of profound denial , tightly bound up by an impressive tailored suit , spotless lab coat or an elegant black robe . Bolstered by a track record of academic or professional victories , we 've got a deep stockpile of accomplishments to call upon in our war against reality . We have a formidable arsenal of achievements deftly deployed against you and your little idea that we need help . That 's cute -- that you think we need help . But you do n't get it . We 're not the kind of people who need help . Do you even understand how talented and smart we are ? Although denial is the hallmark characteristic of all alcoholics and addicts , unfortunately for us ours comes with a resume that pumps our ego and demands your respect . Until , that is , it eventually does n't . Last year I was sitting in my office with a client -- a highly successful , highly regarded attorney with a highly advanced drinking problem -- who after years of fervently denying his problem finally found his truth . He looked me dead in the eye , breathed a slow sigh of calm relief and said plainly : "  The jig is up . " From that moment forward , his life changed . His denial had collapsed , thankfully before he did . So what was responsible for his long overdue recognition of the obvious and surrender to reality ? It was the fact that those around him had stopped excusing his reluctance to seek help out of deference to his professional stature . No longer were people overlooking his sickness out of respect for his career . More important , neither was he . As our science moves toward a better understanding of addiction and our culture moves toward a greater acceptance of it , it 's important to keep in mind that this disease walks upright through all corridors of our society , even those in the house of that accomplished professional next door . We might want to stop laughing now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick Krill .	Patrick Krill : We laugh about Toronto Mayor Ford 's stunts , but addiction is serious Krill : High-functioning addicts with big jobs are all around us , disguising their addictions Krill : They think if they were addicts , they could n't go to work every day ; others believe it too He says friends , family need to stop excusing their behavior because they 're professionals
CNN  -- Ephemeral messaging apps such as Snapchat , Wickr and Frankly , all of which advertise that your photo , message or update will only be accessible for a short period , are on the rise . Snapchat and Frankly , for example , claim they permanently delete messages , photos and videos after 10 seconds . After that , there 's no record . This notion is especially popular with young people , and these apps are an antidote to sites such as Facebook where everything you post lasts forever unless you take it down -- and taking it down is no guarantee that it is n't still available . These ephemeral apps are the first concerted push against the permanence of Internet conversation . We started losing ephemeral conversation when computers began to mediate our communications . Computers naturally produce conversation records , and that data was often saved and archived . The powerful and famous -- from Oliver North back in 1987 to Anthony Weiner in 2011 -- have been brought down by e-mails , texts , tweets and posts they thought private . Lots of us have been embroiled in more personal embarrassments resulting from things we 've said either being saved for too long or shared too widely . People have reacted to this permanent nature of Internet communications in ad hoc ways . We 've deleted our stuff where possible and asked others not to forward our writings without permission . "  Wall scrubbing " is the term used to describe the deletion of Facebook posts . Sociologist Danah Boyd has written about teens who systematically delete every post they make on Facebook soon after they make it . Apps such as Wickr just automate the process . And it turns out there 's a huge market in that . Social media users migrating to smaller circles Ephemeral conversation is easy to promise but hard to get right . In 2013 , researchers discovered that Snapchat does n't delete images as advertised ; it merely changes their names so they 're not easy to see . Whether this is a problem for users depends on how technically savvy their adversaries are , but it illustrates the difficulty of making instant deletion actually work . The problem is that these new "  ephemeral " conversations are n't really ephemeral the way a face-to-face unrecorded conversation would be . They 're not ephemeral like a conversation during a walk in a deserted woods used to be before the invention of cell phones and GPS receivers . At best , the data is recorded , used , saved and then deliberately deleted . At worst , the ephemeral nature is faked . While the apps make the posts , texts or messages unavailable to users quickly , they probably do n't erase them off their systems immediately . They certainly do n't erase them from their backup tapes , if they end up there . The companies offering these apps might very well analyze their content and make that information available to advertisers . We do n't know how much metadata is saved . In SnapChat , users can see the metadata even though they ca n't see the content and what it 's used for . And if the government demanded copies of those conversations -- either through a secret NSA demand or a more normal legal process involving an employer or school -- the companies would have no choice but to hand them over . Even worse , if the FBI or NSA demanded that American companies secretly store those conversations and not tell their users , breaking their promise of deletion , the companies would have no choice but to comply . That last bit is n't just paranoia . We know the U.S. government has done this to companies large and small . Lavabit was a small secure e-mail service , with an encryption system designed so that even the company had no access to users ' e-mail . Last year , the NSA presented it with a secret court order demanding that it turn over its master key , thereby compromising the security of every user . Lavabit shut down its service rather than comply , but that option is n't feasible for larger companies . In 2011 , Microsoft made some still-unknown changes to Skype to make NSA eavesdropping easier , but the security promises they advertised did n't change . This is one of the reasons President Barack Obama 's announcement that he will end one particular NSA collection program under one particular legal authority barely begins to solve the problem : the surveillance state is so robust that anything other than a major overhaul wo n't make a difference . Of course , the typical Snapchat user does n't care whether the U.S. government is monitoring his conversations . He 's more concerned about his high school friends and his parents . But if these platforms are insecure , it 's not just the NSA that one should worry about . Dissidents in the Ukraine and elsewhere need security , and if they rely on ephemeral apps , they need to know that their own governments are n't saving copies of their chats . And even U.S. high school students need to know that their photos wo n't be surreptitiously saved and used against them years later . The need for ephemeral conversation is n't some weird privacy fetish or the exclusive purview of criminals with something to hide . It represents a basic need for human privacy , and something every one of us had as a matter of course before the invention of microphones and recording devices . We need ephemeral apps , but we need credible assurances from the companies that they are actually secure and credible assurances from the government that they wo n't be subverted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : Ephemeral messaging apps such as Snapchat are on the rise Schneier : These apps claim they permanently delete your post , but that 's not quite true He says the app companies might analyze their content and give info to advertisers Schneier : If the apps are not truly secure , dissidents who use them could be affected
CNN  -- Police in the Northern California town of Tracy are pursuing hundreds of possible leads in the disappearance of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , a police spokesman said Wednesday . Sandra Cantu , 8 , disappeared on Friday , according to police in Tracy , California . Police have received 477 tips since she disappeared Friday , 100 of them on Tuesday alone , Lt. Jeremy Watney of the Tracy Police Department told reporters . "  We 're following up on all of them , " he said . "  It 's extremely frustrating . We want her back safe . That 's the bottom line . "  At this point , everything is still open . " Authorities Tuesday afternoon impounded and searched a car -- the fourth one to be seized -- that was parked near the mobile home park where Sandra lives and was last seen . On Monday night , Tracy police and FBI agents searched six locations , some in the Orchard Estates Mobile Home Park and some in Tracy . All of the places were connected to two men who live in the mobile home park , officials said . Watch CNN report on Sandra 's disappearance " Authorities have not called the men suspects and have not named them publicly . They did not say how or if they might be related to the case . On Friday afternoon , Sandra came home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives a couple of homes away . A short time later she left that home to go to another friend 's home , a spokeswoman for her family said Tuesday . The girl , who was wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings , has not been seen since , said the spokeswoman , Lisa Encarnacion . Her parents reported her missing about 8 p.m. Friday . Officials said surveillance camera footage recorded the girl playing in the park . A dozen agencies are involved in the search . The number of searchers swelled over the weekend , and a similar effort is likely Saturday and Sunday , Watney said . Police have said they doubt she ran away . The mobile home park has fewer than 100 units . There are about 80 registered sex offenders living in a five-mile radius around it . Tracy is about 60 miles east of San Francisco , California .	NEW : Police say they 've received 477 tips -- 100 on Tuesday A fourth car near mobile home park is searched for clues Sandra Cantu played with one friend on Friday , left for a second friend 's house It 's not clear whether she ever got to the second house , family says
