CNN  -- If you are one of the lucky many to have received a new tablet or smartphone over the holidays , congratulations ! You 'll want to rip open the box and start playing right away . But before you do something potentially distracting like downloading Dots , here are some starter tips to make the most of your new device , whether it 's an iPad Mini , Nexus 5 smartphone or Kindle Fire HDX . Prevent heartbreak with security measures Your new gadget is shiny and amazing and already precious to you . So it might be hard to imagine a dark day in the future when you are careless enough to leave it in the airplane seat pocket in front of you or unlucky enough to have it stolen . Bad things will happen , but there are a few steps you can take now to make it hurt a little less down the line . First , turn on the screen-lock setting which will require a passcode or password  or fingerprint or face recognition  every time you turn on the phone or tablet . This is your number one defense against someone accessing sensitive financial and personal information if they find or steal your device . It will also make it more difficult for them to wipe it and erase any information you did n't back up . Logging in every time will seem like a slight inconvenience at first , but after a few days you 'll hardly notice you 're doing it and the few seconds will become a forgotten routine . Next , download or activate any lost-device location features so that you can track the physical location of your tablet or phone if it is lost or stolen . Apple products have Find my iPhone installed by default , but you must connect your device to an iCloud account . Android devices can use the Android Device Manager . Make a backup plan Whether you end up using your tablet or smartphones primarily for communication , enjoying content like movies and books , or creating original content like drawings and work documents , you 'll want to back up your device . You can go through the default backup tools , such as iCloud or iTunes on iOS 7 or the Backup & Reset settings on Android . Third-party apps can also come in handy , like Dropbox , Titanium Backup or Carbon . When possible , use individual apps that automatically sync anything you create to the cloud . Get a case A new gadget 's pristine screen and body are so pretty to look at , so gloriously unscuffed and unsullied . You may think it would be a shame to hide its glory under some cheap plastic case . You know what 's worse ? Living with a broken and scratched device that cost hundreds of dollars . It happens far too often . Just look around your local coffee shop and count the number of people working around a cracked screen , dragging their bleeding or calloused fingers over fractured glass held together with clear packaging tape . If you 're clumsy or have children or are prone to the forces of gravity , consider buying a case . Save money The first bill on a new mobile device can be a shocker when you easily breeze past your data limit or rack up roaming charges . If your device is on a cellular plan , take precautions and set a mobile data warning or limit to prevent you from going over . The option is under Settings - > Wireless & Networks - > Data Usage on Android devices . If you 're using an Apple device , you can monitor how much data your device is eating up under Settings - > Cellular - > System Services  at the very bottom of the page  . It groups data usage by the type of service like Mapping Services and Exchange Accounts . If you deduce a specific app is sucking down the most data , you can revoke its ability to use cellular data here too . You can also install third-party apps to monitor data usage , some of which break it down by individual apps . Video and music streaming apps are big data hogs , so make sure you 're on a wireless network before binge watching House of Cards . If texting or calling charges are a concern , download calling and messaging apps that work over WiFi like Skype , What 's App and Viber . Delete the junk Fresh out of the box , many devices are set up to favor their creators ' or carriers ' preferred apps . The problem is especially bad with Android and Windows phones sold through third-party carriers , which like to preinstall all sorts of bloatware . Go through and delete any promotional or unwanted apps right away . If you ca n't delete the app on Android , you can probably disable it in settings so that it is out of sight . Apple devices are more conservative with preinstalled apps , but there is a core group of iOS apps you ca n't uninstall . If you really do n't want to use them , stash them away in a folder . This is also the time to make some cosmetic adjustments , like picking a new wallpaper and organizing your apps , so that you do n't have to readjust to a new layout later . Prone to motion-sickness ? Switch off the parallax setting on iOS 7 . Download starter apps While not junk , some of the default apps might not be the best option for you . For example , Apple 's Maps app , while vastly improved over its original buggy version , still is n't as good as Google Maps , which can be downloaded from the App Store  Google makes a number of must-have apps for iOS 7  . There are a host of weather , calendar , note-taking , and camera alternatives to test out before setting down with the defaults . Hunting for and downloading new apps is the most exciting part of a new gadget . Start with the basics , like Twitter , Facebook and Instagram . If you 're a news junkie , get the apps for your favorite outlets , any local channels or publications , and your favorite news aggregation app . Keep yourself organized with Evernote , and if you 're part of a couple , download Avocado  if not for the sweet private messaging stuff , than because it 's a handy way to coordinate to-do lists  . If you are a subscriber to any video or music streaming services , download the mobile apps  Netflix , Pandora , Amazon Instant , Hulu , Spotify  . If you 've already started anthropomorphizing your iPhone or iPad , just go all the way and download Hatch . Here are suggestions of apps for travelers , apps for weathering storms and apps for staying healthy . If you have kids You may start out telling yourself you wo n't let the children play with your tablet or smartphone , but it only takes one twitchy toddler in a nice restaurant to kill that dream . If your device has parental controls , set them up early to prevent any unwanted app purchases , work emails or cryptic Facebook postings . If you are going to record a video Make sure your device is horizontal . Vertically shot movies are a plague that must be stopped . If you 're replacing an old tablet or phone Do n't forget to wipe your old device completely before handing it down , selling it on Craigslist , or donating it to a local charity .	New mobile device ? There are some tips any new owner should know Simple tablet and smartphone security measures can prevent heartache later Save money with data warnings and limits , as well as Wi-Fi messaging and phone apps
CNN  -- Big-spending Shanghai Shenhua have been stripped of their 2003 league title and handed a $ 160,000 fine in the latest crackdown by Chinese football authorities against match-fixing . Shenhua , who achieved worldwide prominence with their audacious signing of Chelsea 's Didier Drogba last year , will also start the next Chinese Super League  CSL  with a six-point deduction . Shenhua were among 12 clubs handed punishments , while 33 people , including disgraced officials Xie Yalong and Nan Yong , received life bans , according to the official Chinese news agency Zinhua . Former Chinese national team players - Shen Si , Qi Hong , Jiang Jin and Li Ming -- who were jailed for five-and-a-half years last year for taking bribes -- were also banned for life , as was former World Cup referee Lu Jun. . In 2009 the Chinese Football Association  CFA  launched an investigation into corruption in 2009 in an attempt to clean up their game . "  Acts of corruption violated national laws , and did serious damage to the image of Chinese football , " said a statement on the CFA 's official website . Xie and Nan , who were both high-profile former heads of the CFA , were each given jail sentences of 10-and-a-half years as a result of the investigation , ahead of the further football related punishments announced Monday . Shenhua , who also signed Drogba 's former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka , were found guilty of fixing a game against Shanxi Guoli during the 2003 season . Fellow CSL side Tianjin Teda were also found to have fixed a match in the same season and , like Shenhua , were deducted six points and fined one million yuan  $ 160,000  . In total , 12 clubs were handed "  disciplinary punishments " while former Chinese international Xu Hong , who recently became coach of CSL Dalian Arbin , was among a further 25 people banned from the game for five years . Allegations of corruption linked to gambling have long damaged the reputation of Chinese football , but the acquisition of Ivory Coast star Drogba , fresh from helping Chelsea to win the 2012 European Champions League , was seen as a major coup . He was joining Anelka , who signed in January 2012 , but both have subsequently left the club , with Drogba joining Turkish champions Galalatasaray on an 18-month deal while Anelka is on loan at Italian giants Juventus . The punishments announced by the CFA follow the revelations earlier this month of widespread fixing of European football matches . European law enforcement agency Europol announced on February 4 that 380 games in Europe -- including World Cup and European Championship qualifiers and two Champions League games -- have been deemed suspicious . Prior to the Europol announcement , FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke told CNN that match-fixing was a "  disease " as he responded to lifetime bans handed out in January to 41 South Korean players found guilty of attempting to influence the result of games . The CFA insisted that their anti-corruption drive has achieved "  positive results " and in its statement claimed that "  public enthusiasm for football is gradually restored , with the audience and television viewers for the CSL at record highs . " But mired by the controversies , China 's national team has been struggling to make an impression and failed to qualify for the 2014 World Cup after finishing third in a group behind Iraq and Jordan .	Didier Drogba 's former club found guilty of match-fixing Shanghai Shenhua stripped of 2003 Chinese title and fined 33 people handed life bans including four former Chinese internationals Punishments follow three-year investigation by Chinese Football Association
CNN  -- Two people were shot and killed Friday at a community college in Dearborn , Michigan , in what police believe was a murder-suicide , an official said . The Henry Ford Community College campus in Dearborn , Michigan , was locked down after the shooting . A man and woman were found dead in a classroom building on the campus of Henry Ford Community College , Dearborn Deputy Chief Gregg Brighton said . Investigators believe the man shot the woman but would not provide further information , Brighton said . A shotgun was involved in the incident , which occurred in a classroom that was not being used , he said . "  We 're in the very preliminary stages , " Brighton said . "  We 've just made the scene safe . The crime lab is on the scene with detectives . " Watch Brighton describe the scene " Police responding to a report of gunfire at the school had entered the south hallway of the Fine Arts Building when they heard another gunshot , Brighton said . "  We were in the building when we heard the shotgun blast , and when we finally got to that room , we had two deceased parties , " he said at a news conference . "  We believe this is a murder-suicide . " The campus was briefly in lockdown and will remain closed for the rest of the Friday , a school official said . The school 's emergency system immediately notified students , faculty and staff about the shooting via e-mail and cell phone , said Marjorie Swan , vice president and controller of the college . "  Our hearts go out to the family and the friends of the young woman who lost her life today , " Swan said .	NEW : Police believe man shot woman in murder-suicide NEW : School offers condolences to "  young woman who lost her life today " Man , woman found dead in classroom building at Henry Ford Community College Scene is contained , campus will remain closed for rest of Friday
CNN  -- One was a "  nice guy , " who was "  friendly and very polite " and "  just wanted to help everybody . " Then there was the "  crazed ... animal " -- someone who 'd brutally hack to death a man in broad daylight on the streets of London , then tried to justify it and suggested there was more violence to come . Two vastly descriptions , for one person : Michael Adebolajo . While British police have not named any of the men arrested in connection with Wednesday 's gory slaying of British soldier Lee Rigby , one of them did n't hide his identity at the time . That man -- toting a meat cleaver and large kitchen knife in his bloody hands -- sought out a cell phone camera minutes after the attack to justify what he and another man allegedly had just done . "  The only reason we killed this man ... is because Muslims are dying daily , " he said in a video later aired by CNN affiliate ITN . "  This British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . " He was not done . The man insisted British people should force their government to remove troops from "  our lands " -- an apparent reference to largely Islamic countries like Iraq and Afghanistan -- or else they 'd see more bloodshed . "  You will never be safe , " he said . Friends , acquaintances and British media identified the man of this video as Adebolajo . He has n't been heard from in public since he made those remarks , as Rigby 's mutilated body lay behind him . He and the 22-year-old with him rushed at armed police when they arrived at the site of the attack on southeast London 's Woolwich neighborhood . Both were wounded by gunfire , and are now under guard in South London hospitals . Others , though , have spoken about the 28-year-old Adebolajo -- explaining who he was and , in some cases , why he allegedly did what he did . "  He was dedicated to Islam and wanted to put himself at its service and defend it , " said one of his former associates in Al-Muhajiroun , a British group of Islamic extremists virulently opposed to UK intervention in Iraq and openly supportive of al Qaeda . Described as polite , passionate about Islam A British national of Nigerian descent , Adebolajo was born into a Catholic family , according to this former associate . At least a decade ago , he converted to Islam . The Guardian newspaper reported that he attended Marshalls Park School , Havering Sixth Form College , then Greenwich University . A former girlfriend told the Independent that Adebolajo was "  really friendly and really polite , " saying she did n't detect anything that may suggest he was capable of horrific violence . Syrian cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed , who founded Al-Muhajiroun in the late 1990s , said by phone from Tripoli , Lebanon , that he was acquainted with the man he knew by his Muslim name , Mujahid . Adebolajo had been particularly impressed that Islam was a brotherhood between all races "  whites , black and Arabs , " Bakri said . He described him as "  quiet and shy " and highly respectful . Adebolajo had two wives , whom he married at the same time during a religious ceremony , said the former associate , who said he was among the attendees . At the time , Al-Muhajiroun frequently conducted marriage ceremonies for followers who were not registered with the British government . Abu Baraa said he 's been friends with Adebolajo for seven years . In that time , Baraa came to know him as a "  very caring " man who "  just wanted to help everybody . " And Adebolajo , who the ex-associate said had children , was especially passionate in his faith , as well as his desire to protect it and his fellow followers . "  He 's always been very vocal and very concerned about the affairs of Muslims and people being oppressed , " Baraa told CNN . "  And he could never tolerate anybody believed to really be oppressed . " Ex-associate : May have been tired of ` no action ' Adebolajo attended several talks that Bakri Mohammed gave in London from 2003 to 2004 , the radical cleric told CNN . In fact , Bakri Mohammed said Adebolajo was at his side at a number of Al-Muhajiroun protests against the war in Iraq around that time . One talk Adebolajo attended was at a community center in Woolwich -- the neighborhood where Rigby was killed -- recalled Bakri Mohammed , who noted the group met in such locations because they were not welcomed in mosques . The vast majority of British Muslims reject the views of Bakri Mohammed -- who has n't been allowed back in the United Kingdom since the 2005 bombings of London 's transit system . His group has been barred since that time as well , though it 's continued to operate under different guises . Its leaders drum home the idea that the British government is at war with Islam , but have been careful to cross legal red lines that would implicate them for inciting terrorism . Bakri Mohammed said that , although they did not have many interactions , Adebolajo stood out because he was a new convert to the religion . The former associate -- who was himself "  born again " into Islam , but has since shed his radical views -- said that "  like all of us ,  Adebolajo  had a literal understanding of Islam . " Even after Bakri Mohammed left England , Adebolajo remained active in Islam circles . British Muslim radical leader Anjem Choudary told CNN that he knew Adebolajo , noting the suspect attended demonstrations and a few lectures organized by Choudary 's group Al-Muhajiroun . In fact , an ITN video from April 2007 shows Adebolajo standing behind Choudary at a rally protesting the arrest of men who allegedly made inflammatory speeches inside a mosque . Two or three years ago , Al-Muhajiroun leaders have said that Adebolajo moved away from the group . The former associate -- who last saw Adebolajo in 2005 -- suspects this break might be related to this week 's attack in Woolwich . "  What tends to happen is some of the group 's members start to see Al-Muhajiroun as all talk and no action , " he said . "  So they leave the group , and then they do something . " CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta , and CNN 's Paul Cruickshank -- CNN 's Terrorism Analyst -- reported from London . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Adebolajo was married to two women and had children , ex-associate says NEW : He may been tired of "  all talk and no action , " the former associate adds Friends say Adebolajo is the cleaver-wielding man seen on a video after attack He was "  very concerned " about what he believed was Muslims ' oppression , a friend says
The Hollywood Reporter  It 's been nearly six months since Robin Williams ' death , and in the last two , the late comedian 's family have entered into a dispute over the personal property his trust assigns each of them . On one side is his widow , Susan Williams , who filed a petition in December for a court 's interpretation of the trust . On the other are his three children by previous marriages , Zachary , Zelda and Cody , who dispute the reading she provides . The dispute centers on the two houses Williams owned at the time of his death -- one in Napa and one in Tiburon , California . Susan 's filing calls the Tiburon house the "  marital abode , " and the trust , which her late husband most recently amended in 2010 , before their marriage in 2011 , grants her the Tiburon residence and its contents upon his death . That 's where things get complicated . Williams ' widow claims that "  within days " of his death in August , the trustees started gathering up the comedian 's property . Within weeks they allegedly informed her they would come to the Tiburon residence to remove more of it . "  The co-Trustees had keys to her home . Naturally , Mrs. Williams became frightened of the co-Trustees invading her home , " reads her petition , filed in San Francisco Superior Court . In their opposition , filed in the same court on January 21 , Williams ' children tell it differently . They claim that collecting and inventorying Williams ' property is part of the execution of the trust . Furthermore , they say she held them off for nearly three months "  while at the same time permitting various third parties to access the residence on her own behalf to appraise certain Trust assets , remove certain Trust assets from the Tiburon Residence , and plan , design and implement a $ 30,000 renovation . " Read more : THR 's 10 Most Popular Stories of 2014 She complains of not being "  given time to grieve her loss free from the frenetic efforts to interfere with her domestic tranquility " or that of her high-school-aged sons . But her resistance to the trustees ' efforts was in part due to concerns over the interpretation of the trust . Specifically , there 's one paragraph about certain items of Williams ' property that his beneficiaries have made into a tricky semantics debate . The paragraph assigns to Williams ' children all of his "  clothing , jewelry , personal photos taken prior to his marriage to  Susan  ... memorabilia and awards in the entertainment industry and the tangible personal property located in Napa . " In Susan 's interpretation , the paragraph is ambiguous regarding the house  or houses  from which the items can be removed . Is the phrase "  located in Napa " in reference only to "  tangible personal property , " or is it restrictive of every category ? She claims her husband wished "  to allow her to stay in their Tiburon home as it was during their marriage , " and therefore the paragraph should be read to cover only the items in the Napa house , not those in the Tiburon house . "  Any other interpretation would lead to Mrs. Williams 's home being stripped while Mrs. Williams still lives there , " her filing reads . It would give the trustees permission to give to the children items including the tuxedo he wore at their wedding , she specifies . "  It is difficult to imagine Mr. Williams desiring that outcome . " But Williams ' kids read the trust differently -- they argue that it grants them every category of item listed in addition to the property in the Napa house , not every category of item confined to the Napa house . It 's nonsensical to list "  the tangible personal property located in Napa " separately if there are n't items to which they 're entitled outside the Napa house , they argue . They point out lines in the trust that give Susan the Tiburon house and its contents with the exceptions of items gifted in other stipulations . They want the court to declare they 're entitled to the categories ' items in the Tiburon house , too . "  The Williams Children are heartbroken that Petitioner , Williams ' wife of less than three years , has acted against his wishes by challenging the plans he so carefully made for his estate , " reads their opposition . "  While it is styled as a request for instruction , the Petition in fact appears to be a blatant attempt to alter the disposition of assets Mr. Williams specifically planned and provided for . " "  We 're puzzled a little by the tone of the opposition , " Susan Williams ' attorney , James Wagstaffe , tells The Hollywood Reporter . "  I 'm hopeful that there 's a spirit of generosity in this . " Read more : Robin Williams Had "  Early Stages of Parkinson 's Disease , " Wife Says But Susan 's petition anticipates their counterargument , and in the event a judge finds the paragraph applies to the Tiburon house , she wants categories like "  memorabilia " and "  jewelry " narrowly defined . The former should encompass only items depicting him or relating to his fame -- "  in other words , this does not include his personal collections of knick-knacks " -- and the latter should n't include his watches , she argues . Williams 's children dispute her interpretations , in particular criticizing her characterization of their father 's collections -- which apparently included Japanese anime figurines , antique weapons , carved boxes , theater masks , rare books , lapel pins , fossils , graphic novels and skulls -- as "  knick-knacks . " They were "  carefully amassed " during his lifetime and should go to his children , they argue . "  As the Williams Children grew , so did their father 's collections and they shared in their father 's excitement as additions were made to his collections , " their filing reads . There 's one separate question , too . It 's unclear whether the contents of storage spaces Susan claims were intended for the Tiburon home should go to her as if they were contents of the house itself . California courts have never addressed the issue , according to Susan 's filing . "  In other states that have considered this issue , courts have found that a residence , i.e. a home should be broadly interpreted , " her filing continues . The Williams children , unsurprisingly , present different case law that indicates a home should be strictly understood to mean the physical location . A hearing is scheduled for March 30 in Superior Court in Marin County , where Tiburon is located , but Wagstaffe tells THR he hopes the parties will sort it out in discussions before then . Attorneys for the Williams children have not responded to a request for comment . Read the original story in The Hollywood Reporter	Robin Williams ' widow , children at odds over trust designations Dispute centers on two houses Williams owned Famed comedian , actor died August 11 , 2014
Two of Saudi Arabia 's best-known female advocates for lifting the ban on women driving were detained on Friday after being caught behind the wheel in the country 's capital . Aziza Al-Yousef , who was driving the car , and her passenger , Eman Al-Nafjan , tell CNN they were pulled over and spent a few hours at a police station in Riyadh until being released into the custody of their respective husbands . Al-Nafjan , one of Saudi Arabia 's most prominent bloggers , and one of the organizers of the popular October 26 Women 's Driving Campaign , said she decided to go for a spin with Al-Yousef to attract more attention to her cause . "  We were looking for the police . We drove by the police station on purpose , " she explained , adding how she welcomed the detention . Despite repeated attempts , CNN has been unable to reach Riyadh police for comment . Al-Yousef and Al-Nafjan , who tweets as "  Saudiwoman , " say they have grown tired of waiting for the Saudi government to allow women to drive . "  We are sick and tired of waiting to be given our rights , " Al-Yousef told CNN . "  It 's about time to take our rights . " Al-Yousef has driven before and was glad to get behind the wheel again on Friday but says she was not deliberately looking to be detained by the police . "  In a way it is good for the cause because you 'll the keep the issue in the mind of people , " said Al-Yousef . "  However , some people might understand wrongly that we 're confronting the government and that might slow the process . " Why Saudi Arabia ca n't ban women from driving forever Al-Yousef was initially concerned she and Al-Nafjan might go to jail , citing the presence of traffic police , regular police and secret police who were called to the scene . She says the mood of the police had lightened substantially by the time she and Al-Nafjan reached the station . When her husband came for her , he was asked to sign a statement pledging Al-Yousef would not drive again . Al-Yousef says her husband jokingly asked , "  How can I do that ? I ca n't prevent her from driving . Only God can do that , " before signing . She was then released . The issue of women driving is a particularly sensitive and controversial one in Saudi Arabia , the last country on Earth where females do n't have that right . In recent years , though , more women have challenged the government , urging officials to overturn the ban and taking to streets in remarkable displays of civil disobedience . Although women are not allowed to drive in the ultraconservative Kingdom , there is , in fact , no law barring them from doing so . But religious edicts are often interpreted to enforce the prohibition . "  We have tried all the legal channels , " explained Al-Nafjan . "  The government keeps promising us that all we have to do is be patient and quiet , and we 'll eventually get the right to drive . Officials keep saying the women driving issue is one for Saudi society to decide . We wanted to prove that really is n't the case and that the only people who really stop us is the police . " In May 2011 , Manal Al-Sharif was jailed for more than a week after posting a video of herself driving in Saudi Arabia online . She quickly became a hero to many and inspired dozens of women to drive throughout the streets of various cities in June of that year . More recently , in September , a website for the October 26 Women 's Driving Campaign launched , and within a few weeks , tens of thousands had signed an online petition calling for an end to the driving ban for women in Saudi Arabia . As October 26 approached , numerous women filmed themselves driving in the conservative Kingdom and uploaded those clips to sites like YouTube . Opinion : Give Saudi women the right to drive In the weeks leading up to October 26 , one Saudi cleric gave an interview in which he warned that Saudi women who drove risked damaging their ovaries . On October 24 , the country 's Interior Ministry issued a statement telling women to stay off the streets . Despite strong opposition by conservative quarters in the Kingdom , where a puritanical strain of Islam is practiced , October 26 saw dozens of women taking to the streets and driving . The campaign 's backers insist the movement is ongoing and has been a success thus far , while its critics say it has failed . Last week , Al-Yousef had an audience with Saudi Arabia 's Interior Minister , Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , via teleconference . She conveyed a message on behalf of the growing number of women and men calling for an end to the driving ban . Al-Yousef was told the matter was now in the hands of Saudi King Abdullah , considered a cautious reformer . "  I think it might have been a good thing , " said Al-Yousef . "  Before the government had said the driving issue was a societal issue . But now that is not an issue anymore . The good thing is now we know clearly that society is not the decision maker . " Al-Yousef added : "  We are trying to find a way to reach the King now . We have a letter signed by 3,000-plus people asking for permission to allow women to drive , and we want to find a way to get that letter to the King . " Al-Nafjan , who was detained before for the very same offense , says she will continue pushing the envelope , even if that gets her into legal hot water . "  I would n't mind if they prosecuted me , " she says . "  I think it will further the cause . It 's good publicity for the cause -- to be prosecuted for being a passenger in a car driven by a woman . You ca n't get more medieval . "	Prominent advocates for allowing women to drive detained in Riyadh police station Aziza Al-Yousef , the driver , and Eman Al-Nafjan , the passenger , were released to their husbands Their efforts follow the October 26 campaign when dozens of Saudi women drove Religious interpretation -- not law -- prevents women from driving in the Kingdom
CNN  -- She 's built her career caring for orphans . Jane Aronson has evaluated more than 10,000 adopted children from around the world . Her patients include the offspring of Hollywood luminaries . An infectious disease specialist , she treated Angelina Jolie 's daughter Zahara , who was critically ill when the actress brought her home from Ethiopia . In her new book , "  Carried in Our Hearts : The Gift of Adoption : Inspiring Stories of Families Created Across Continents , " Aronson curates a collection of stories written by many of the families she helped to unite . The actress Mary-Louise Parker shares the moment she first met her daughter in an Ethiopian orphanage . "  Grey 's Anatomy " creator Shonda Rhimes remembers crying in a Detroit hospital parking garage , overcome with emotion while waiting for her adopted daughter 's birth . The book is also a family affair for Aronson . Her two adopted sons contribute their own recollections of how they became a family . Des Aronson , now almost 15 years old , shares an anecdote about getting lost soon after meeting his new mother when he was 5 . Elevator doors closed unexpectedly at the Hilton Hotel in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , sending the new family into a panic across hotel floors . But "  Carried in Our Hearts " is about more than the orphans who found their way to loving homes . It also includes a heart-wrenching reminder of the children left behind . The number of international adoptions has plummeted by more than 60 % from its peak of 22,991 in 2004 . More than 90 % of Aronson 's young patients were adopted internationally . In her work as a doctor , and as an advocate for children without families , she has witnessed brutal treatment of orphans in many parts of the world . She also knows the potential these children have to succeed , with education , attention and love . Internet reveals secrets of ` closed ' adoptions Aronson has made it her mission to improve the lives of the world 's orphans , many of whom live in appalling conditions . Worldwide Orphans Foundation , the charity she founded in 1997 , is dedicated to helping orphans around the world become productive members of their own communities . She recently talked to CNN about her new book , and her charity 's work . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What is the best way forward for solving the orphan crisis ? Aronson : This is a huge problem . We have a population of 7 billion people in the world -- 2.2 billion of them are children . Probably half of those children are at risk for poverty , and lack of access to medical care , education and social support . Orphans , whether they be true orphans , double or single , or children living without parental care because they 're children whose parents are unable to parent them -- children are at risk . The number from UNICEF that you see everywhere is 153 million children who are considered orphans , less than 18 , loss of one or both parents . And that number is just horrific . The horror of it means that these are children at risk : for early marriage , living in the streets , prostitution , child labor , and finally -- the worst ever -- children who end up exploited by adults , and traded and trafficked . It is all about women and children . It 's everything about women and children . It is so about women and children , I ca n't shout it enough . If young women are protected , and allowed the opportunities they deserve , then they would not be giving birth to babies that were not part of their family and their community . And they could go on and become stars and leaders . The book , from my point of view , is a tribute to all these families . We all did some great work together . We provided hundreds and thousands of children with homes . But it 's a drop in the bucket . It 's just an option . It 's not the solution to a bigger problem . The highs and lows of foreign surrogacy CNN : How did this book come about ? Aronson : I built an international adoption consultation service . I ended up doing what I considered to be the best medicine I could have ever done . I was able to help people in a terribly vulnerable time in their lives . I successfully created families through adoption . I would shepherd them to help that child who was severely malnourished , depressed , delayed , and emotionally deprived become a really solid , juicy little butterball , happy -- it was really like being the stork . In the best of both worlds , it was the stork , not just the delivery of a baby in a hospital room , it was really the delivery of a baby by a collaboration , a team effort , by adoption service professionals , myself , the families . We were helping a little tiny child who had no potential become a person . I 'm very proud of that work . I 'm just so proud of that work . CNN : How did you get the families to share their stories ? Aronson : I cast a wide net to get the stories . I sent out hundreds and hundreds of letters , maybe even a thousand . There were hundreds of people who wrote essays for me . I personally edited every story . The reason why I was so conscientious about editing each of the stories was because I wanted the stories to read universally . I wanted everyone to read this book to feel as if , ` You know , this is the story that resonates with me , that I can identify with , ' because it 's really about how parents are struggling to become parents , and children are struggling to become children . It was really great to write a book . I 'm really proud to have written a book that really reflects a huge part of my life , and the lives of so many families . CNN : What made you decide to include stories from the perspective of children who were adopted ? Aronson : That could be a whole book . That could be many books . But I really felt that there were so many families that I knew whose kids grew up during the time I was practicing , I felt it would be a sweet touch . And it was an opportunity for me to have my children express their thoughts about adoption , and they readily do that . CNN : What is the story behind the cover photo ? Aronson : That 's an extraordinary story . Here 's this magnificent couple , attempting to adopt an Ethiopian baby , and they met with some challenges . They ended up with a very happy ending . That photo really reminds me of a house . The way in which they look at him from the side actually look like the sides of the roof , that scaffolds him and protects him . What 's really interesting about that photo is how they really are looking at him , and themselves , and not at us . They are really showing , ` We love this baby . This baby is the center of our life . He 's our heart . He 's our home . '	"  Carried in Our Hearts " includes interviews with parents and children joined through adoption Actress Mary-Louise Parker shares moment she met daughter International adoptions have dropped 60 % from their peak in 2004 There are more than 150 million orphans around the world , UNICEF says
CNN  -- "  This is the Charm Blow , we are abandoning ship . " With that message -- delivered at 4:20 p.m. Sunday -- radio communication between the boat and the Coast Guard went dead . Since then , searchers have been scouring the waters off San Francisco for the reported occupants of a 29-foot sailboat -- a couple , their 4-year-old child and the child 's cousin , who the Coast Guard said is younger than 8 . Coast Guard spokeswoman Pamela Boehland said the search will continue through the night . The man had called the Coast Guard an hour earlier to say that the boat had begun taking on water and its electronics were failing , the Coast Guard said . At that time , the boat was some 65 miles  105 kilometers  off Pillar Point , south of San Francisco . The four might have boarded a life raft , said the Coast Guard , which appealed to the public for help Monday in identifying the missing seafarers . "  We do n't have a lot of information to go on , " Boehland told CNN . "  All we know is that there were those four people on board and the two young children , and we 're hoping that there is still time to save them . " The focus of the search was 60 to 65 miles off Monterey Bay , said Lt. Heather Lampert , a Coast Guard spokeswoman . Several aircraft and vessels have joined the search . Asked about the possibility that the report could be a hoax , given that no one has come forward to identify a family as missing , the Coast Guard said that it operates under the assumption that such reports are legitimate . If the boat did not have a life raft , the chances of survival are slim , said Mario Vittone , a recently retired Coast Guard helicopter rescue swimmer and a marine safety specialist . "  They 're not going to live long , even in life jackets , " he said . "  That 's cold water out there . " According to the National Oceanographic Data Center , the water temperature off San Francisco was 49.3 degrees Fahrenheit  9.6 C  . Marine accidents in waters below 50 degrees F are five times more likely to end in death , Vittone said . Computer models will factor in currents , weather and wind to create search patterns to focus searchers ' efforts , he said . The search will continue until the four are found or until the limits of survivability have passed , he said . Three years later , no sign of missing family	NEW : Coast Guard will continue search into Tuesday , spokeswoman says Coast Guard appeals to the public for help in identifying the missing family A couple , their 4-year-old child and a cousin are missing , the Coast Guard says The boat was taking on water , the Coast Guard says
CNN  -- India has been certified polio-free by the World Health Organization after going three years without an endemic case of polio . The eradication of polio in India is heralded as one of the biggest achievements in global health efforts . The polio-free certification by the Regional Certification Commission came Thursday , along with a proclamation that Southeast Asia is free of the disease . Just five years ago , India was home to nearly half the global polio cases and considered one of the most technically difficult places to eradicate the disease , because of sanitation challenges and high-density population . India 's last case was reported in a young girl paralyzed by polio in West Bengal in January 2011 . Meet the last person to have polio in India So how did the second most populous country in the world , considered the hardest place to end polio , become free of the disease ? Health workers determined that the children of migrants or those growing up in difficult-to-reach areas were not getting access to vaccines . So they deployed immunization efforts to reach the most vulnerable , according to UNICEF . India launched a massive effort involving a surveillance network and almost 2.3 million vaccine administrators , who identified communities falling through the cracks . To counter rumors and misgivings about the vaccine , social mobilizers , religious leaders and parents were included to increase understanding about immunizations . They also bolstered communication and outreach efforts that often included Bollywood celebrities and cricket players . The efforts combined government , various U.N. agencies as well as philanthropic organizations . The highly infectious viral disease primarily affects young children and could lead to paralysis and death . It can be prevented through immunization , but there is no cure . The incidence of the disease has dropped by more than 99 % since 1988 . It remains endemic in three countries -- Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan -- down from more than 125 countries in 1988 . Vaccinating children against polio can be a deadly job Polio workers in those countries have been facing violence as some militant groups have begun targeting anti-polio campaigns . In December , the WHO began vaccination efforts to reach more than 23 million children across the Middle East following an outbreak of the disease in Syria .	India 's last polio case reported in January 13 , 2011 India had been considered one of the hardest places to end polio World Health Organization issues official certification Thursday
CNN  -- FIFA President Sepp Blatter said Monday his organization would ban for life any players and administrators found guilty of match-fixing . "  We ca n't intervene at this early stage , but when those people are condemned and found guilty we will ban them for life . They will not be allowed back into football , " Blatter told reporters in Harare , as he wrapped up a one-day visit to Zimbabwe . FIFA security chief Chris Eaton arrived in Zimbabwe ahead of Blatter on Sunday . The organization is looking into allegations of match-fixing committed two years ago , which resulted in the Zimbabwe Football Association  ZIFA  boss being fired in October 2010 . Player Method Mwanjali was one of five athletes who told a ZIFA inquiry last year that he accepted bribes in return for losing matches against Thailand and Syria in 2009 . ZIFA submitted its findings to FIFA , which is now conducting its own investigation . "  We are working with Interpol and the governments . What FIFA is doing is to clean up the situation , " Blatter said . Besides meeting with the country 's football administrators , the FIFA president met with President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai during his one-day visit . He is scheduled to head next to South Africa to attend an International Olympic Committee meeting on Tuesday .	FIFA is looking into allegations of match-fixing Zimbabwean players have told investigators they were paid to lose games FIFA President Sepp Blatter spoke to reporters in Harare
CNN  Metro systems that travel underground in the United States may be unprepared for smoke or fire emergencies , National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Keith Holloway said Tuesday . The board wants a nationwide audit of transit systems , with emphasis on trains that operate in enclosed tunnels . The huge undertaking would be the first of its kind , Holloway said . The call for an audit comes as investigators look into a January 12 fatal accident that happened near the L'Enfant Plaza Metro Station in Washington . An electrical malfunction inside the tunnel caused train cars to fill with smoke . Passengers who were trapped inside said they struggled to breathe . One female passenger died . The Washington Metro system , operated by a multistate compact known as WMATA , has ventilation fans at strategic locations designed to remove smoke and heat from the tunnels , but investigators found they were inadequate . "  The ventilation strategy that WMATA implemented during the accident was not consistent with best practices . " the NTSB said . Investigators also found Metro employees had no written procedures for dealing with ventilation during smoke and fire events underground . "  The investigation to date has revealed that WMATA does not currently have the means to determine the exact location of a source of smoke in its tunnel network , " the NTSB said . The findings in Washington raised concerns there could be similar problems in other transit systems across the country . Transit networks with significant portions of their tracks underground will be the focus of the audit . New York City 's MTA , Washington 's WMATA , Atlanta 's MARTA , San Francisco 's BART , Los Angeles 's MTA , Boston 's MBTA and Philadelphia 's SEPTA would be included . In a letter , board members called on the Federal Transit Authority , a division of the Department of Transportation , to conduct the examination of tunnel ventilation systems as well as written emergency procedures for fire and smoke . The FTA has not yet decided if it will investigate . The agency said it "  has not yet determined how an audit of this nature would be conducted or the potential impact such an audit would have on the transit riding public . "	NTSB wants audit of transit systems , with emphasis on trains that operate in enclosed tunnels Call comes as investigators look into fatal January accident on Metro train in Washington
EW.com  -- Fox has nabbed NBC 's spinning chairs ! After "  The Voice " swiped some of "  American Idol 's " ratings thunder this season , Fox is now returning the favor , launching a new show called ... "  The Choice . " In an announcement that seems like a brilliant April Fools ' Joke  but , we 're assured , is not  , Fox 's new summer series will feature -- like "  The Voice " -- contestants in blind auditions for a quartet of celebrity judges who are seated in spinning chairs . The big difference : Instead of a music competition , this is a dating show . So , yes , famous faces will audition their potential love interests , making a contestant 's hidden physical appearance potentially quite relevant to the celebrity in the power seat . Fox is not ready to announce the participating celebrities , but we can reveal the show 's host will be Cat Deeley , pulling double duty while hosting "  So You Think You Can Dance " this summer . "  The Choice " is from longtime Fox alternative series president Mike Darnell and producers A. Smith & Co , who presumably did n't get this idea while watching "  Survivor . " "  I think there 's a big hole in the dating show world , " says Darnell , who is also launching the U.K. dating show import "  Take Me Out " this summer . "  There has n't been a new hit since ` The Bachelor , ' and there has n't been an in-studio one that 's worked since ` The Dating Game ' 30 years ago . I was thinking about how to do a blind-date show without using a wall or blindfolds , and the spinning chairs seemed like a great way to do it . " ` Best Friends Forever ' : A salute Of course , "  The Choice " has more in common with "  The Voice " than just chairs -- like that title , for instance ? " ` The Choice ' seems like an obvious title because you have to make a choice , " Darnell says , then playfully adds : "  I 'm just now realizing it rhymes ! " Fox plans to air six one-hour episodes this summer , debuting the show on Thursday , June 7 at 9 p.m. Five of the episodes will have male celebrities with female contestants ; one will have female celebrities and male contestants . All the singles will be physically attractive  I know , you expected Fox to stock the pond with some wicked surprises , right ?  . ` Celeb Apprentice ' peek : Aubrey topless In the first round , celebrities will listen to "  sexy singles " describe themselves . If the celebrity bachelor likes what he hears , instead of a big red button the star will pull his "  love handle , " spinning his chair around to bring him face-to-face with his potential mate . If more than one celebrity pulls their handle , they battle for her affection until the contestant decides who they prefer to date . Once each bachelor has his three prospective dates , the teams enter the "  Speed Choice " round , where each woman has seconds to convince the man to select her for the final round . Then Deeley will pose a challenge question to the final two contestants . The winners get to go on one date with their celebrity . "  Many people say its what 's inside that counts , " Darnell says , "  now we 'll see . " See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Like "  The Voice , " "  The Choice " will feature celebrity judges seated in spinning chairs "  So You Think You Can Dance 's " Cat Deeley will host the Fox dating show Fox plans to air six one-hour episodes this summer , debuting the show on June 7
CNN  -- Blame it on "  Glee . " And the Biebs . And healthy airline safety video competition . Virgin America just released its new video , which its head of marketing and communications has been losing sleep over for months . The elaborate new five-minute video features 36 dancers and former contestants from "  So You Think You Can Dance " and "  American Idol " doing everything from singing , rapping , breakdancing and contortion -- all while adhering to the FAA 's in-flight safety guidelines . It 's an attempt to refresh Virgin America 's 2007 hand-drawn safety video , which drew praise from passengers and the public . To direct the new video , the airline recruited John M. Chu , the director of classics "  Step Up 2 , " "  Step Up 3 " and Justin Bieber 's 3D concert film "  Never Say Never . " More promos As a promotion , the airline offered 20 % off flight purchases made using a promo code with the safety video hashtag . The airline is also holding a talent audition on Instagram . The winner appearing in an in-flight version of the video . Reaction to the video have been mostly favorable from the media . References in headlines have ranged from "  The sassiest safety video you 've ever seen "  Mashable  to "  An in-flight safety video that will make you dance "  Skift  . The airline has a page updating the reactions on social media . "  As someone terrified of flying , this makes me wan na hop on a plane right now , " tweeted @cherithebeat . "  Ca n't even begin to comprehend how annoying this will be on every single flight , " said commenter Paul Howard on the airline 's Facebook page . "  Makes me want to fly again soon . Kind of distracting though  in a good way  , " was another comment . What do you think of Virgin America 's new video ? Does the message get lost in the musical ? Let us know in the comments below .	Virgin America 's new safety video is a song-and-dance musical number John Chu  "  Step Up 2 and 3 "  directed the video
CNN  -- The biggest occasion in their 81-year history is approaching for minnows Wigan but the FA Cup final might prove an unwelcome distraction in their battle to retain English Premier League status . A crushing 3-2 home defeat to Swansea on Tuesday left the plucky club from the north west staring at relegation to England 's second tier after eight years of defying the odds . Roberto Martinez 's side , famous for miraculous escapes in previous years , now find themselves three points adrift of safety with just two games remaining . It means their clash with Manchester City in England 's premier domestic cup competition at Wembley on Saturday could be their last slice of the limelight for some time . Conversely , City warmed up for the showpiece final with a 1-0 win over West Bromwich Albion , that edged them towards a second place finish behind champions Manchester United . Wigan had taken the lead over Swansea , nestled safely in mid table , thanks to a volley from Roger Espinoza but shortly after halftime Angel Rangel equalized with an equally smart volley . James McCarthy restored Wigan 's lead finishing off a fine move but then Wigan shot themselves in the foot with some sloppy defending which has blighted their season . First a poor pass from Gary Caldwell allowed Itey Shechter to level things at 2-2 before a mix up in the six-yard box allowed Dwight Tiendalli to scramble home the winning goal . With a trip to Arsenal and a home clash with Aston Villa left , Wigan now have a mountain to climb , but Martinez tried to remain positive . "  Today the number of injuries we have had at the back shows and there are key moments that affected us , " Martinez told Sky Sports . "  We conceded sloppy goals with bad decisions and that 's very unfortunate because you could see the effort of the players and the desire to want to win the game . "  Emotionally today was such a difficult game for us and when you concede such goals in a soft manner then it is hard to recover . "  It 's a missed opportunity . We 've got incredible character and we 're determined to fight for every single point there is left . " City rested several players ahead of the cup final and their winner came from Bosnian striker Edin Dzeko . It moved them seven points clear of third placed Chelsea . Roberto Mancini told reporters : "  It was a difficult game because we changed a lot of players but it was important for us to win the game . "  After 10 minutes we started to play better and we missed five incredible chances to score which made it difficult for us in the second half . " In Italy , Roma missed the chance to draw level on points with fifth-placed Fiorentina in Serie A after they lost to Chievo Verona . Cyril Thereau scored the only goal of the game in the final minute of the match to move Chievo Verona into 12th position .	FA Cup finalists Manchester City and Wigan suffer mixed fortunes in Premier League City beat West Bromwich Albion 1-0 but Wigan lose crucial match with Swansea Wigan 's hopes of avoiding relegation now look slim ahead of Saturday 's FA Cup final Chievo Verona score a 90th minute winner against AS Roma in Serie A
CHENGDU , China  CNN  -- Rainy weather and poor logistics thwarted efforts by relief troops who walked for hours over rock , debris and mud on Tuesday in hopes of reaching the worst-hit area of an earthquake that killed nearly 10,000 in central China , state-run media reported . Setting out from Maerkang in Sichuan Province at 8 p.m. Monday , the 100 or so troops had to travel 200 kilometers  124 miles  to go before reaching Wenchuan , the epicenter of the quake , also in the province , Xinhua reported . After seven hours , they still had 70 kilometers  43 miles  to go . "  I have seen many collapsed civilian houses , and the rocks dropped from mountains on the roadside are everywhere , " the head of the unit , Li Zaiyuan , told Xinhua . Added CNN Correspondent John Vause : "  The roads here are terrible in the best of times ... right now they 're down right atrocious . They 've resorted to going in one man at a time on foot . " Nearly all the confirmed deaths were in Sichuan Province , but rescuers were hindered because roads linking it to the provincial capital , Chengdu , were damaged , Xinhua reported . Local radio quoted disaster relief officials as saying a third of the buildings in Wenchuan collapsed from the quake and another third were seriously damaged . The earthquake was powerful enough to be felt throughout most of China . Many children were buried under the rubble of their schools . The Chinese government said the death toll was sure to rise . An expert told CNN the 7.9-magnitude quake at about 2:28 p.m. Monday  6:28 a.m. GMT  was the largest the region has seen "  for over a generation . " Residents as far as Chongqing -- about 200 miles from the epicenter in Sichuan Province -- spent the night outdoors , too afraid of aftershocks to sleep indoors . Local radio in Sichuan quoted disaster relief officials as saying a third of the buildings in Wenchuan collapsed from the quake and another third were seriously damaged . Watch as the death toll rises " The state-run Zhongxin news agency reported that a survivor who escaped Beichuan county in Sichuan Province described the province as having been "  razed to the ground . " The Red Cross Society of China , coordinating some of the international aid efforts , encouraged financial donations because of the difficulty of getting supplies to those most in need . At least six schools collapsed to some extent in the quake or aftershocks that followed , Xinhua reported . See a report on rescue operations at the school " At one school , almost 900 students -- all eighth-graders and ninth-graders , according to a local villager -- were believed to be buried . See workers in Chengdu hiding under their desks during the quake " At least 50 bodies were pulled from the rubble by Monday night at Juyuan Middle School in Juyuan Township of Dujiangyan City , Sichuan Province , Xinhua reported . "  Some buried teenagers were struggling to free themselves from the ruins while others were calling for help . Eight excavators were working at the site . Devastated parents watched as five cranes worked at the site and an ambulance waited , " Xinhua reported . "  A tearful mother said her son , ninth-grader Zhang Chengwei , was buried in the ruins . " Meanwhile , 2,300 people were buried in two collapsed chemical plants in Sichuan 's Shifang city , and 80 tons of ammonia leaked out , Xinhua reported . Six hundred people died there . The plants were among a series of buildings that collapsed , including private homes , schools and factories . The local government has evacuated 6,000 civilians from the area and was dispatching firefighters to help at the scene , Xinhua reported . Much of the nation 's transportation system shut down . Xinhua reported there were "  multiple landslides and collapses along railway lines " near Chengdu . Quake victims have been sleeping outside in Chengdu " Sichuan Province sits in the Sichuan basin and is surrounded by the Himalayas to the west . The Yangtze River flows through the province and the Three Gorges Dam in the nearby Hubei Province controls flooding to the Sichuan -- though there were no reports of damage to the world 's largest dam . Monday 's quake was caused by the Tibetan plateau colliding with the Sichuan basin , Zhigang Peng , an earthquake expert at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , Georgia , told CNN . "  Earthquakes in this part of China are infrequent but not uncommon , " he said . The last major earthquake in the region occurred in the northwestern margin of the Sichuan basin when a 7.5-magnitude quake killed more than 9,300 people on August 25 , 1933 . President Hu Jintao ordered an all-out effort to help those affected , and Premier Wen Jiabao traveled to the region to direct the rescue work , Xinhua reported . "  My fellow Chinese , facing such a severe disaster , we need calm , confidence , courage and efficient organization , " Wen was quoted as saying . "  I believe we can certainly overcome the disaster with the public and the military working together under the leadership of the CPC Central Committee and the government . " Peter Sammonds , professor of geophysics at University College London , called the earthquake "  tremendous . " "  Particularly in the more remote , the more mountainous part where this has taken place , a lot of the buildings are built on sediments that are quite unstable . They 're probably liquifying , causing the buildings to collapse . You might expect landslides to occur , which could actually stop the relief efforts going through on the roads , so this could be very grim in the remoter , more mountainous parts of this province . " While many of the most immediate efforts were focused on Sichuan Province , Xinhua also reported dead and injured in Gansu , Chongqing and Yunnan provinces . A provincial government spokesman said they feared more dead and injured in collapsed houses in Dujiangyan City in Wenchuan County . A driver for the seismological bureau said he saw "  rows of houses collapsed " in Dujiangyan , Xinhua reported . Bonnie Thie , the country director of the Peace Corps , told CNN she was on a university campus in Chengdu about 60 miles from the epicenter , in the eastern part of China 's Sichuan province , when the first quake hit . "  You could see the ground shaking , " Thie told CNN . The shaking "  went on for what seemed like a very long time , " she said . Bruce Presgrave , a geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey , said this quake could cause major damage because of its strength and proximity to major population centers . Also , it was relatively shallow , and those kinds of quakes tend to do more damage near the epicenter than deeper ones , Presgrave said . An earthquake with 7.5 magnitude in the northern Chinese city of Tangshan killed 255,000 people in 1976 -- the greatest death toll from an earthquake in the last four centuries and the second greatest in recorded history , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Tangshan is roughly 995 miles  1,600 km  from Chengdu , the nearest major city to the epicenter of Monday 's quake . Read an explanation about earthquakes " After the quake struck Monday , the ground shook as far away as Beijing , which is 950 miles  1,528 km  from the epicenter . Residents of the Chinese capital , which hosts this year 's Olympic Games in August , felt a quiet , rolling sensation for about a minute . See CNN 's interview with an American in Chengdu " Thousands of people were evacuated from Beijing buildings immediately after the earthquake . At least seven more earthquakes -- measuring between 4.0 and 6.0 magnitudes -- happened nearby over the four hours after the initial quake at at 2:28 p.m. local time , the USGS reported . A spokesman for the Beijing Olympic Committee said no Olympic venues were affected . The huge Three Gorges Dam -- roughly 400 miles east of the epicenter -- was not damaged , a spokesman said . The earthquake was also felt in Hong Kong , Shanghai , Taiwan , and as far away as Hanoi , Vietnam , and Bangkok , Thailand , according to the Hong Kong-based Mandarin-language channel Phoenix TV . Impact your world CNN 's John Vause and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	NEW : China says at least 10,000 dead but it expects figure to rise NEW : Rain hampering rescue , aid efforts in worst-hit area Nearly 900 children buried when a school building collapses , 50 bodies found 7.9 magnitude quake is felt throughout much of China
If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , the old adage goes . Yet that 's exactly what Airbus is doing to its successful A330 model in order to up its stakes in the skies . Airbus will launch the A330neo range , a revamped version of A330 airliner , the company announced Monday at the 2014 Farnborough International Airshow held in England . The new wide-body planes will compete with Boeing 's Dreamliner 787 . "  The A330 has been one of our most successful aircraft in the Airbus wide-body family , " said Kiran Rao , Airbus ' executive vice president of strategy and marketing . Airbus has sold more than 1,300 A330 airplanes to nearly 100 customers worldwide , making it one of the most successful aircraft in the wide-body category , Rao said . "  What we are doing is making this aircraft , which is already great , better , " he said . The newly launched A330-800neo and the A330-900neo  enhanced versions of the A330-200 and A330 -- 300 models , respectively  will feature several new features , according to Airbus , not the least of which is a vast improvement in fuel efficiency . With the help of new Rolls-Royce Trent 7000 engines , an 800 kilograms reduction in weight of the aircraft , and a new aerodynamic design featuring a 64 meters wingspan and curved wingtips , the new airliner will see a 14 % reduction in fuel consumption per seat . "  We enjoy very good sales of the A330 , but we were listening to our customers . People were telling us , your aircraft is fantastic , but would be even more fantastic if you could achieve a better level of fuel burn , " Fabrice Brgier , president and CEO of Airbus , told CNN . But not everyone is convinced by Airbus ' claims of better fuel efficiency . Boeing 's marketing head , Randy Tinseth , said he found Airbus ' estimate "  extraordinarily optimistic , " according to the Wall Street Journal . Brgier also admitted that since the investment was not planned , the new model will increase Airbus ' development costs through 2017 . He also said he anticipated the A330neo family would ultimately improve profits , and that he expects to sell at least 1,000 of the aircraft , which will be available for delivery by the end of 2017 , during the week-long airshow . Previous experience suggests that Brgier has a point . Sales for Airbus ' A320neo , a similarly updated version of their older , single-aisle A320 model , has been off the charts , with over 2,800 orders since it was launched in 2010 , the company said . The new models are appealing to airlines as they tend to be cheaper than completely new designs . Still , the reduced cost , though attractive , is not the only feature likely to bring in new customers . The new aircraft also come outfitted with updated controls in the cockpit , and a larger rest area for cabin crew . Rao says that customers will be please with wider seats  18 inches in economy  and an updated in-flight entertainment system that will allow passengers to watch movies in 3D .	Airbus is launching the A330neo range , a revamped version of its successful A330 models The company made the announcement at Farnborough International Airshow Airbus ' new wide-body planes will compete with Boeing 's Dreamliner 787
CNN  -- It may have been one of the most eagerly anticipated casting choices of the year , and we now know the leads in the film adaptation of "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " The novel 's author , E.L. James , tweeted on Monday that actor Charlie Hunnam will portray Christian Grey , and actress Dakota Johnson has been cast as Anastasia Steele . The highly successful erotic novel was released in 2011 , and fans have been speculating about who might portray the two main characters since plans for a film were announced last year . A psychology lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire even put a face to the character of billionaire Grey , who has had readers all aflame . Now , the fantasy will come to life in the form of Hunnam , who is one of the stars of the film "  Pacific Rim " and the television series "  Sons of Anarchy . " Johnson is the daughter of actors Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson and has appeared in the films "  The Five-Year Engagement " and "  21 Jump Street . " Let the cheers -- or the jeers -- begin !	We now know the stars of the "  Fifty Shades of Grey " movie Charlie Hunnam and Dakota Johnson have been cast Johnson is the daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson
CNN  -- Courtney Cash , the grandniece of musician Johnny Cash , was found dead in a box in her home in Tennessee , and a friend is charged in her death , according to Putnam County sheriff 's officials . Wayne Gary Masciarella , who is in custody , is charged with first-degree murder , and more charges are expected , Sheriff David Andrews told CNN . Masciarella apparently had gone out Tuesday night with Cash and her boyfriend , William Austin Johnson . The couple lived together , and when all three returned to the apartment early Wednesday , there was an altercation . Cash and Johnson were both stabbed , officials say . Johnson managed to get away from the apartment and gave a statement to investigators at a local hospital . Based on his statement , the sheriff said authorities arrested Masciarella within a couple of hours . Johnson remains hospitalized at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville . Cash 's grandfather , Tommy Cash , who is Johnny Cash 's brother , said on Facebook : "  We ask for your prayers for the Cash family at this time . Courtney and her boyfriend are beloved members of my family , and like you , we have a lot of questions and emotions that we are beginning to sort through today . "	Courtney Cash , grandniece of Johnny Cash , was found dead in her home Police say she was apparently stabbed by a friend , who is in custody He was charged with first-degree murder Cash 's boyfriend was also hurt in the stabbing and remains hospitalized
CNN  Barack Obama is convening a landmark White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism with key international leaders in an attempt to develop an urgently needed plan to tackle terrorism and radicalization across the world . The importance of the summit was brought into sharp focus , yet again , with the terror attacks in Copenhagen over the weekend . While the facts of the case are still being pieced together , Danish intelligence agencies are "  operating under a theory " that the attacker may have been inspired by the horrific events in Paris last month . Nearly a decade and a half after the 9/11 attacks , there remains a key flaw in the ongoing U.S.-led "  War on Terror : " Washington 's response has been hyper-militarized , dominated by counter-terrorism and security , while other soft power instruments like public diplomacy have been under-invested in . To be sure , even this badly unbalanced strategy has secured some key successes , including the unseating of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan . But an overwhelming emphasis on hard power has fueled significant controversy and alienated many across the world . Obama recognizes this much more so than his predecessor George W. Bush , but the fact remains that American policy is still viewed internationally as overly military and security-focused . Since Obama assumed office , there has been a huge increase in drone attacks and this is controversial both domestically and overseas . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry highlighted the need for a paradigm shift in the campaign on terrorism only last month , calling for a "  shift in gears onto a path that will demand more from us ... politically , economically , and socially ... a truly comprehensive and long-term strategy to destroy -LSB- terrorism 's -RSB- very roots . " Kerry 's argument is that while military power can degrade terrorist groups like ISIS , it ca n't defeat or destroy the ideology behind it . For that , a much wider , holistic effort is needed . And with the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War approaching , Kerry compared this forthcoming challenge with what Washington and its international allies faced in tackling fascism in that previous generation . One of the most glaring gaps that now badly needs to be addressed is need for a turbo-charged soft-power effort to win hearts and minds around the world . As Obama has said , this must include an "  alternative narrative " for a disaffected generation , especially in Muslim-majority countries . Obama summit aims to battle extremists , Islamic and otherwise In numerous key countries such as Turkey , Jordan and Pakistan , polls show that positive opinions toward the United States have fallen off a cliff in the last decade and a half . Just 10 % , 12 % , and 14 % of the populations in these three countries , respectively , have a positive image of America , according to the latest Pew Global Research . This is key because the anti-terrorism contest is , in essence , one whose outcome is related to a battle between moderates and extremists within Islamic civilizations . And unless this fundamental is better recognized and addressed , with soft power dialled up significantly , the U.S.-led international strategy will continue to face serious setbacks , if not outright failure . In the context of the campaign against terrorism , soft power represents the capacity of Washington and its allies to persuade others  both states and individuals  without brute force -- in other words , the ability to attract others by legitimacy of policies and the values that underpin them . The roadmap for what is needed is relatively clear . Seizing the moment requires the United States and international partners to give much higher priority to non-military , civilian instruments of national power such as public diplomacy , strategic communications , foreign aid and development assistance , and exchange programs . At Wednesday 's summit , Obama will rightly note that this is an expensive , demanding and complex generational project that the U.S. and its allies can not achieve alone -- which is why multiple international leaders from other arenas like the private sector , NGOs and faith communities will also be in attendance . While Kerry last month drew an analogy with the Second World War , it is the Cold War that perhaps provides an even better comparison with what is now needed in the campaign against terrorism . Just like the Cold War , which was ultimately won by a strategy of U.S.-led international containment and cultural vigor , the challenges posed by the campaign against terrorism need a much smarter balance between hard and soft power , with resources to match . Numerous U.S. officials , including former Bush and Obama defense secretary Robert Gates , have highlighted the gross mismatch between the current budgets of the Pentagon and other U.S. international programs . Today , for instance , Washington spends about 500 times more on its military than it does collectively on the international broadcasting and exchanges that proved so successful during the Cold War . Of course a comprehensive international plan to tackle violent extremism will inevitably have a military and counter-terrorism component . But soft power needs to become a much bigger part of the overall mix , as even Gates , the former Pentagon chief , advocates . America and its international partners must urgently address this Achilles heel in the campaign against terrorism . While a limited window of opportunity exists to get this agenda kick-started before Obama 's term of office ends , a sustained commitment will be required for many years beyond his presidency .	14 years after 9/11 attacks , there remains a key flaw in the U.S.-led ` war on terror ' Response hyper-militarized , neglecting soft power tools like public diplomacy Washington and allies will only win war with legitimacy of policies and values
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama met Monday afternoon with Mexican President Felipe Calderon in the first face-to-face talks of the incoming U.S. leader with a foreign head of state . Mexican President Felipe Calderon discussed immigration and trade issues with Barack Obama . The meeting at the Mexican Cultural Institute in Washington fulfilled a tradition in effect since 1980 of U.S. presidents talking with their Mexican counterparts before being sworn in , to underscore the special relationship between the two nations . Obama takes the oath of office on January 20 . Speaking to the press afterward , Obama said the tradition is "  appropriate " because of the "  extraordinary relationship " between the two countries . "  My message today is that my administration is going to be ready on Day One to build a stronger relationship with Mexico , " he said . Calderon and Obama said the two leaders discussed a wide range of issues , including security , the economy and immigration . Security is a primary concern for Mexico , where drug-fueled violence reached record levels last year . The nation recorded around 5,400 slayings in 2008 , more than double the 2,477 reported in 2007 . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich characterized the battle among drug cartels and with government authorities as a "  civil war " on a news program Sunday . "  The more secure Mexico is , the more secure the United States will be , " Calderon said , first in Spanish and then in English , to make sure no one missed the point . Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , attended a three-hour private dinner Calderon hosted Sunday night for non-governmental U.S. specialists and experts on Mexico . Security was a prime topic . "  Both countries share a long border , " Hakim told CNN on Monday . "  They are terribly worried about the violence from organized crime in Mexico and slipover into the U.S. " Watch how the meeting will highlight the two countries ' special ties " That 's a message Calderon wanted to make sure Obama heard . "  This common problem of organized crime , terrorism , drug trafficking , which is an international problem , we can fight together , " Calderon said after the meeting , again in both Spanish and English . "  Mexico wants to make clear what they are doing about this , " Hakim said . "  They 're investing a lot of money into it and the extensive reforms they are going through now . " Those reforms include revamping police and judicial systems , trying to root out corruption and using new technology , Hakim said . "  The message he has is that Mexico is investing its heart and soul into this , " Hakim said . Obama will likely be receptive to that message , said Michael Shifter , a vice president at the Inter-American Dialogue . "  I think Obama is going to understand that Mexico is very important to the United States , " Shifter told CNN last week . "  This is n't an issue that he has focused a lot of attention on up until now . But he 's going to understand that if Mexico really deteriorates or if the violence spills over into the border states , this is a war that he really has to deal with . " Mexico is also concerned , Hakim said , because of the vast number of firearms being smuggled from the United States into Mexico . Many of those weapons end up in the hands of drug traffickers . Robert Pastor , a former National Security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington , said weapons sales are a thriving business along the 2,000-mile border with Mexico . "  There are 7,600 gun shops within 50 miles of the Mexican border , and they 're selling primarily to drug lords , " Pastor told CNN recently . "  We are part of this problem and we have n't been significantly supportive . " Calderon probably told Obama Mexico does not want U.S. money but does want the United States to help curb that flow of lethal firepower , Hakim said . "  Mexico wants the U.S. to be helpful where it can be most helpful , " he said . The economy is another area of concern to Mexico , and Calderon would like the United States "  to get its economy back in shape , " Hakim said . "  Mexico has done everything right and is suffering the U.S. meltdown , " he said , noting that Mexico has kept budget deficits and inflation down and its banks are in good shape . "  They come with a clean bill of health , " said Hakim . "  It 's the U.S. that overborrowed , overspent and ran up huge trade deficits . Mexico had none of that . " Obama and Calderon said they also discussed immigration , though Hakim noted that Mexico understands that issue is not a top priority right now for the United States . Asked how he sensed the mood of Mexico 's leaders toward the incoming administration in Washington , Hakim said , "  They 're very hopeful . " But he noted that there are some concerns , especially with trade issues and the North American Free Trade Agreement that the two countries and Canada signed in late 1993 . Obama has said he would like to renegotiate the pact . "  It 's no secret they 're a little bit concerned about his statement during the campaign about redoing NAFTA , " Hakim said . "  But my suspicion is that this is less of a concern than the other issues I mentioned . " In addition to Hakim , Calderon 's office said other participants at Sunday night 's dinner meeting included Sidney Weintraub of the Center for Strategic and International Studies ; Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars ; Eric Farnsworth , vice president of the Council of the Americas ; former U.S. Rep. James Thomas Kolbe , now a fellow at the German Marshall Fund public policy institute ; and Demetrios Papademetriou , president of the Migration Policy Institute . Calderon is scheduled to meet with President Bush on Tuesday .	NEW : Obama : Ready "  to build a stronger relationship with Mexico " Meeting part of tradition of incoming U.S. leaders talking with Mexican counterpart Security , the economy and immigration among issues on agenda Felipe Calderon to try to show Mexico 's commitment to dealing with violence
Four people were killed when a car bomb exploded near the Irbil provincial governor 's office , Iraq 's state-run Iraqiya TV reported Wednesday . Several other people were wounded in the blast in Irbil city , Iraqiya said . It was not immediately clear who the victims were or who was responsible . Kurdish security and government officials did n't answer CNN calls for comment . Irbil is the capital of Kurdistan 's regional government , which is under the control of Kurdish and Peshmerga forces . The ISIS militant group has taken over small villages in Nineveh province , close to the Kurdistan region , but Irbil is still relatively safe . The explosion near the governor 's office in the heart of the KRG capital is significant because the Kurdish region has had a history of stability , even during the sectarian battles between Sunnis and Shiites between 2005 and 2007 .	The blast happened in Irbil , the capital of the Kurdistan regional government It 's not immediately clear who was killed and who was responsible
CNN  -- Justin Timberlake is not afraid of reinvention . While other boy-band heartthrobs were still recycling the same hooks , the multitalented 30-year-old had moved on to a solo R&B career , fighting his own label to do non-bubblegum songs like "  SexyBack . " Now , Timberlake has decided to let his Grammys collect dust while he makes yet another leap : pop star to movie star . "  Friends with Benefits , " opening today , marks the first time Timberlake 's name has seen the top of a cast list . And it wo n't be the last . What 's the secret to Timberlake 's crossover success ? No doubt he 's talented , hard-working and easy on the eyes . But there 's something else at play here , something rarely acknowledged in articles about JT 's stylish clothes and beautiful girlfriends : Justin Timberlake is a nerd . That 's not to say he is n't cool . He 's the cool nerd , the guy who makes cool seem attainable . Remember that popular guy in high school who was n't a quarterback or homecoming king , whose sheer likability gave him a spot at the cool kids ' table ? Justin Timberlake is n't so far removed from that kid . Take a look at "  The Social Network , " the Facebook-origin movie that put Timberlake , The Actor , on the map . JT plays Napster founder Sean Parker , the closest thing the film has to a rock star . When he saunters into a Silicon Valley restaurant , heads swivel . As Parker , Timberlake is charismatic and convincing , but what makes his performance great is a deep , intense vulnerability . Parker , we realize , is only a celebrity in the insular tech world ; in the real world , he 's just an asthmatic college dropout . He 's a person who has carefully crafted his own hyper-cool image , an impersonation of what he thinks a tech-world celebrity  had there ever been such a thing before ?  should be . At the end of the film , the cracks start to show , and our hearts break a little . Perhaps Timberlake played Parker so well because he , too , is a guy who has carefully curated his own image . Try to isolate him for a moment from his hit songs , his "  SNL " skits , his movie trailers . Would you cast a guy like Justin -- the puppy-dog screen presence , the high breathy voice , the Brillo pad of hair -- as a leading man ? Timberlake knows he 's an unlikely candidate to fill Brad Pitt 's shoes , which is why he 's played his acting career like a chess game : making under-the-radar indie films and popping up casually on "  Saturday Night Live " until he was suddenly on every movie screen . These days , Timberlake is frequently compared to Mark Wahlberg , another Top-40 teen idol who gave it up for a film career . But beyond the obvious , it 's not a good analogy . Wahlberg was born a leading man , buff and intimidating with a sly smile and a natural swagger . When he became a movie star , he cut himself off completely from his now-embarrassing foray into rap . It 's now amusing to think of Marky Mark and Mark Wahlberg as the same person , because the differences are so striking . Timberlake has a leading-man swagger , too -- but his seems carefully practiced , the way Fred Astaire would rehearse behind closed doors for hours to make his dancing seem effortless . His gestures , his jokes , appear as carefully chosen as his impeccable wardrobe . Remember , this is the guy who became a decent facsimile of a young Michael Jackson through sheer hard work and force of will . Unlike Wahlberg , Timberlake has never tried to distance himself from his teenybopper days . He knows we 've all seen him as a 14-year-old in blond dreadlocks and head-to-toe denim . And that , too , is part of his charm . He makes cool seem attainable for the rest of us geeks . When his Tennessee awkwardness shows through his Hollywood persona , he 's the first person to laugh it off . He 's not the guy you 'd expect to "  have you naked by the end of this song , " as he sings in "  Rock Your Body " -- and that 's why he pulls it off so well . All of this makes Timberlake the perfect star for a time when the line between geeky and cool has become more of a zigzag . Like those Clark Kent glasses he wears in interviews , JT has found a way to be the best of both cultures . And two weeks ago , the teen-star-turned-pop-star-turned-film-star announced that he would be reinventing the social networking site MySpace . It 's life imitating art -- and of all people , Justin Timberlake knows a little something about doing a great imitation .	What makes his "  Social Network " performance great is a deep , intense vulnerability Unlike Wahlberg , Timberlake has never tried to distance himself from his teenybopper days He 's the cool nerd , the guy who makes cool seem attainable
CNN  -- A blustery nor'easter that made travel throughout the Northeast absolutely miserable Tuesday is going to stick around for a few more days . And the West Coast will get drenched , too . Record rain reports poured in from the New York metropolitan area with nearly 3 inches falling . At John F. Kennedy International Airport , 2.95 inches fell , the most on this date . Coupled with high winds -- including one gust of 47 mph -- the precipitation delayed air travel for hours . At LaGuardia Airport , where 2.65 inches fell , the delays at one point reached four hours . Heavy rain tapered off Tuesday evening , but some areas were still flooded , the New York office of the National Weather Service said . Flood warnings for three counties just north of Manhattan were issued . "  I urge all drivers to exercise caution and check conditions before getting on the road , " Gov. Andrew Cuomo said , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . "  We are proactively deploying as many resources as necessary to assist communities in the storm 's path to prepare for and manage whatever Mother Nature brings . " Earlier , the pooling water caused issues for parents . "  We 're stuck at home until this dies down , " a woman in Amityville told CNN affiliate News 12 Long Island . "  I 'm not even sure if I 'll be able to get my kids at school . " And there were problems for some commuters on foot . "  It 's pretty bad . I 'm actually trying to get home so I do n't know how I 'm going to get over there , I 'm going to have to walk through it again , " Sean O'Malley told WCBS of his trek through the water-logged streets of Sea Bright , New Jersey , on the Atlantic Ocean shore . "  It happens every year , it 's not a surprise . " About 20 million people are under winter storm warnings and advisories in the Northeast . Snow will stay inland with over a foot of snow from northern New York to Maine . Some areas could get up to 12 inches of snow by Thursday . According to the flight tracking website FlightAware.com , more than 2,600 flights departing from and/or landing in the United States were delayed Tuesday and 1,200 were canceled . Headaches in other areas It was also pouring in Washington state . "  1 storm down , 2 more to go , " the headline on the website of CNN affiliate KOMO in Seattle read . The station reported there was going to be a break in the rain between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning . The next set of storms will bring buckets of rain to Oregon and California , too . The highest elevations of northern California might get 10 inches of rain , forecasters said . San Francisco could see 2 to 4 inches in the city with up to 8 inches in the hills . Southern California might get 1 to 2 inches with twice as much in the hilly areas . In West Virginia , an inch or so was predicted for the next few days , but it was an ice-covered morning for iReporter Janie Lambert of Harpers Ferry . "  The roads were glazed and hazardous early in the morning , " she said . "  By noon , the ice melted on the roadway but the trees were still an icy wonderland . " CNN 's Christina Zdanwiscz contributed to this report .	The rainfall records for December 9 fell at several New York measuring spots New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo warns potential drivers to check conditions first The West Coast braces for another storm on Wednesday that will bring a lot of rain
CNN  -- A Virginia judge on Tuesday approved an $ 11 million settlement from the state to the families of victims killed or injured in last year 's Virginia Tech shootings . Parents of wounded Virginia Tech students comfort each other on Tuesday . The 24 victims included in the settlement were among the 32 killed by Seung-Hui Cho 's April 16 , 2007 , shooting rampage . The settlement also compensates 18 people injured . "  The commonwealth has endeavored to meet the needs and concerns of the victims , including family members , through both monetary and non-monetary provisions , " said Chief Deputy Attorney General William C. Mims . Of the remaining eight deceased victims , families of two chose not to file claims and two other claims are unresolved . The other four will be brought forward at a later date , Mims said . The settlement also includes provisions that allow the families to occasionally meet with the governor and Virginia Tech officials to review legislation and improvements made at the campus in response to the tragedy . The families had pursued wrongful death and personal injury claims against the state after an August 2007 report by an independent panel concluded that more timely and more specific information from university officials might have saved lives . University officials were criticized for not immediately warning students and staff after two students were found dead in a dormitory at 7 a.m. on the day of the killings . Police said they initially believed the two had been involved in a romantic dispute , but later determined they were Cho 's first victims . It was almost 9:30 a.m. before authorities sent an e-mail to students and staff notifying them of the shootings and warning them to be cautious . About 9:50 a.m. , Cho , 23 , began shooting people in Norris Hall , an engineering and classroom building . While criticizing the university response , the panel -- which included former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge -- also said quicker action by school officials may not have made a difference . The report also noted that campus and state agencies might have taken a different approach to Cho had his middle - and high-school records followed him to Virginia Tech . Problems with Cho reportedly began to surface well before the shootings . The records detailed his mental health issues , including a tendency to react to depression with violence .	24 victims included in settlement were among 32 Seung-Hui Cho killed in April 2007 Of the other 8 victims , families of two chose not to file claims ; two are unresolved Agreement allows families to be updated on campus security improvements
Aboard The Uss Wasp  CNN  -- -- Even before Hurricane Irene started thrashing the U.S. East Coast , the Navy prepared for what it could do if the disaster was even more catastrophic than it proved to be . As Irene strengthened and bore down on the United States , the Navy ordered 27 warships to sail out of its massive naval station in Norfolk , Virginia . Another 11 ships , already at sea on various duties , were told to stay out . "  Our first mission was to sortie the fleet and keep the fleet safe , " said Capt. Brenda Holdener , commander of the USS Wasp , one of the ships that left Norfolk . Like Air Force bases that fly their planes west , moving ships to sea has become standard operating procedure for the Navy when major hurricanes approach . "  Ships are safer at sea than than are in port during a hurricane or heavy weather , " said Lt. Cmdr. Timothy Reiswig , navigator of the Wasp . But when the Wasp , an amphibious assault ship , headed out of Norfolk , steering clear of Irene was just its first objective . The ship was also prepared to respond with a wide array of equipment and people to the hurricane zone if civilian officials asked for help . "  Over the years we 've had so many hurricanes that devastate this country , you know we kinda get primed for being ready and responsive to it , " said Rear Adm. Kevin Scott , commander of Amphibious Task Force 26 , a unit that was created to be more prepared for hurricane response than any other Navy unit . "  What you are seeing is lessons learned from what has happened over the past few years , and realizing that the response that 's required for a major catastrophe -- you know like Hurricane Katrina and Rita -- requires all the resources that the nation has to bear , " Scott said . Those resources were focused on the Wasp , one of America 's largest amphibious ships . The ship has a full-sized flight deck , capable of launching heavy-lift or search and rescue helicopters , and a dock inside its stern , capable of carrying and launching two huge landing craft . Those boats can move from inside the hull of the Wasp to just about any beach and unload some 160 tons of equipment , supplies or personnel . And not all the help has to go to shore . The Wasp , which normally carries Marines into combat , has a huge hospital deck . "  We have three operating rooms . We can expand to four . We have 15 ICU beds that you can see here , each one with it 's own equipment , which is exactly what you would find in a normal ICU , " said Lt. Cmdr. Juan Dapena , a doctor who is the senior medical officer on the Wasp . Dapena 's regular medical staff was augmented by a surgical team that was prepared to go ashore to help with any medical emergencies . The ship also brought a group of Seabees , Navy engineers who are trained in disaster response . They brought along chainsaws , water pumps -- even a bulldozer . But putting this vast capacity of disaster aid to use depends on a twist of federal law . States can and did mobilize thousands of National Guard troops to help victims of Irene . But the Navy sailors involved in Amphibious Task Force 26 are active-duty military , and they ca n't just find a crisis and start helping . Under a system called Defense Support of Civilian Authorities , local officials who want help have to ask the federal government for it . The president would then issue an order to the military , which would trickle down the chain of command before the Wasp and other ships in the task force could go to work . This time , as bad as Irene was , state and local officials , as well as non-military federal agencies like the Federal Emergency Management Agency , were able to respond without calling in the Navy . But Scott thinks even though his task force focused on practice training , that what he saw while at sea for the past week is evidence the Navy is better prepared than ever . "  Over the years we 've just gotten better and better at it and poised to respond , " Scott said . But to prove that the Navy has gotten better , that would likely require a disaster like Irene ... only worse .	The USS Wasp is one of America 's largest amphibious ships It has a full-sized flight deck , a dock inside its stern and a hospital deck "  What you are seeing is lessons learned , " says Rear Adm. Kevin Scott
CNN  -- An 11th suspect linked to a central Florida white supremacist group has been arrested and another individual was being sought , authorities said Thursday . Verlin C. Lewis , 40 , was charged with unlawfully committing paramilitary training , attempting to shoot into an occupied dwelling and evidence to prejudice while committing an offense , said Twis Lizasuain , a spokeswoman with the Osceola County Sheriff 's Office . Lewis was released Tuesday on $ 50,000 bond from the Washington County jail in northern Florida . Authorities were searching for Dylan J. Rettenmaier , 25 , a convicted felon . According to authorities , members of American Front -- a white supremacist group -- trained in hand-to-hand combat and drilled in breaking down weapons and practiced shooting them . Authorities : What went on at the American Front On Monday , authorities said they had arrested Marcus and Patricia Faella and five other members of the group , which is also known by its initials AF , on charges of illegal paramilitary training , attempting to shoot into an occupied dwelling and evidence of prejudice while committing a crime . "  Faella views himself and the other members of the AF as the protectors of the white race , " investigators wrote in an affidavit . "  Faella has stated his intent during the race war is to kill Jews , immigrants and other minorities . " More immediately , according to police , Faella was planning to stage provocative disruptions at the Orlando City Hall and at a Melbourne , Florida , anti-racism gathering . Faella , the police documents say , wanted to stir up media attention to help gain new recruits for American Front , which hate-tracking groups says has been faltering since the death of its leader , David Lynch , in California . Nationally , American Front has had a long and violent history , including the beating death of a Salt Lake City man and a string of 1993 bombings in California , according to hate-tracking groups . The 25-year-old group enjoyed a resurgence in 2007 under Lynch , described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a charismatic leader who helped form it in 1987 . But Lynch was shot to death in his home in March 2011 , leaving the group with no clear leader , according to the Anti-Defamation League . It has shrunk significantly in the past year , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . Most of the group 's 50 or so members appear to live in Florida , according to the ADL . Authorities identified the other members arrested last week as Christopher Brooks , Richard Stockdale , Kent McLellan , Jennifer McGowan , Mark McGowan , Diane Stevens , Paul Jackson and Dustin Perry . Marcus Faella bonded out of jail on Saturday , according to Osceola County officials . His wife was released on Sunday , they said . The Faella compound is situated on the edge of a wildlife management area marketed by tourism officials as a good spot for hikers , campers and bird watchers . According to police , Faella 's group watched videos training them in fighting and the use of AK-47s and other weapons at the compound , which the affidavit said is ringed with barbed wire and protected by pit bulls and firing positions facing the driveway . The property was meant to become a refuge for white supremacists after the fall of the U.S. government during a race war , investigators wrote in the affidavit . The group was making body armor and sniper suits and stocking up on supplies in preparation , according to police . CNN 's John Couwels and Kim Segal contributed to this report .	11th suspected member of white supremacist group charged , released Authorities have arrested members of American Front Police documents say they were plotting disruptions to attract new members A 12th individual is being sought
CNN  Protests -- some disruptive , but none violent -- marked Martin Luther King Jr. . Day across the country . The demonstrations took on a new vigor this year , after the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner -- two black men who were killed by white police officers . More than 60 protesters partially closed the San Mateo Bridge in the San Francisco Bay area , the California Highway Patrol reported . "  It was peaceful , but they were blocking the bridge and were arrested , " said Officer Damian Cistaro . The disruption snarled traffic for miles . Demonstrators also targeted transportation in nearby Oakland , shutting down the Bay Area Rapid Transit Coliseum station as part of a "  Reclaim King 's Legacy " march . Seventh-grader Kai Jones said he thinks it 's important to protest because "  young men my age and older are getting killed , and it 's not fair , " he told CNN affiliate KGO . The day started very early with a 5 a.m. protest outside the home of Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf , which was just fine with her . "  I woke up this morning knowing it 's great to be an American , that we are a city that allows people to peacefully assemble and to protest , " she said . In Seattle , the situation was dicier as demonstrators danced on roadways , challenging police to corral them . One police officer suffered a serious leg injury , responding to protesters , authorities said . Organizers said civil disobedience is a way to bring about change . "  People are putting their lives on the line to make a statement that black lives do matter , " Monica Avery told affiliate KOMO . "  And there is a national call ... to start moving our lives and putting our bodies on the line to move the movement against police brutality . " Nineteen demonstrators were taken into custody , KOMO reported . In Boston , hundreds protested police brutality and called for social justice . The 4-mile walk to Boston Common touted the familiar messages of recent protests -- "  Black lives matter , " "  Jail killer cops , " "  Remember Ferguson , " and the thought-provoking "  Who will be our next King ? " In Minnesota , demonstrators descended on the state Capitol in St. Paul . Along the way , they shut down traffic briefly on Interstate 94 . U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison praised the fight for racial equality . "  They 're putting their lives on the line , " he told affiliate WCCO . "  And sometimes they disrupt traffic ; they make a lot of noise . They 're trying to get our attention . " But it was n't all protests and demonstrations . In Los Angeles , tens of thousands watched the 30th annual Kingdom Day Parade , with 3,000 taking part . This year 's theme : "  Love & Respect : Let It Begin With Me . " The parade was a celebration of King 's life , complete with marching bands and some advice from the grand marshal on how all people can get along . "  If you want to be successful with anything , take a peaceful approach that we are all together , " Herb Wesson , a City Council member and grand marshal , told affiliate KTLA . "  What 's good for one group of people is good for all groups . " The observances come as The New Yorker unveiled a poignant magazine cover , combining the historical with current . Called "  The Dream of Reconciliation , " the cover shows Martin Luther King Jr. marching arm-in-arm with Brown , Garner , Trayvon Martin and NYPD Officer Wenjian Liu . Liu and fellow Officer Rafael Ramos were gunned down in their patrol car last month . "  It struck me that King 's vision was both the empowerment of African-Americans , the insistence on civil rights , but also the reconciliation of people who seemed so hard to reconcile , " artist Barry Blitt said . "  In New York and elsewhere , the tension between the police and the policed is at the center of things , " he said . "  It is hard to believe things would have got as bad as they are if he was still around today . "	Many marches mark King Day across the country Demonstrators target roadways , bridges and subway stations
CNN  -- A Lion Air flight carrying about 100 people ended up in the Indian Ocean while attempting to land at Bali International Airport on Saturday , officials said . Only one person was immediately confirmed as having suffered injuries , Lion Air spokesman Edward Sirait said at a news conference in Jakarta following the incident . Eighteen people were taken to the hospital to be checked over , Sirait said . The airline , which operates under the official name Lion Mentari , was already banned from European airspace due to safety concerns , according to the European Union . The plane , a Boeing 737-800 , has only been in use by Lion Air since March , Sirait said . Sirait said the plane is a new one and that the pilot was fit to fly . Lion Air crew can fly a maximum of eight hours per day , he said . iReporter captures images of crash aftermath The plane had flown earlier in the day from Palu , Central Sulawesi , to Banjarmasin , Kalimantan ; it then proceeded to Bandung and then Bali , Sirait said . It 's not clear whether the same pilot was flying the aircraft the entire time . Doug Sovern , of KCBS Radio in San Francisco , was at the airport when the incident happened . He described seeing the plane , with a big crack splitting the fuselage in two , off the end of the runway in the Indian Ocean . "  Amazingly they were able to get everyone out of the plane , " he told KCBS Radio , adding that he did n't see any rescue chutes . "  We saw a lot of fire engines and ambulances . We were told there were some minor injuries , " he said . The plane appeared to be more than 100 feet out into the ocean , he said , but it was n't too far for people to get back to land . The fuselage now seems to be sinking into the water , he said . At first people feared the worst , he added , but it now seems the passengers and crew have had a fairly miraculous escape -- with shades of the "  Miracle on the Hudson " in New York . In that 2009 incident , Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger was forced to make an emergency landing on the Hudson River after his Airbus A320 collided with a flock of geese and lost thrust 2,700 feet over Manhattan . Everyone was rescued . In late 2011 , Boeing made its largest single aviation sale -- 230 planes totaling $ 21.7 billion -- to Lion Air , a domestic airline virtually unknown outside of the archipelago nation of 6,000 inhabited islands . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Jacque Wilson , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Lion Air is banned from European airspace The domestic passenger flight landed in the water , Indonesia officials say At least one person suffered injuries , a Lion Air spokesman says The plane , a Boeing 737-800 , has only been in use since March , he says
Washington  CNN  -- New rules designed to protect credit card users from "  unreasonable late payment and other penalty fees " went into effect Sunday as a result of the Credit Card Act of 2009 . The rules block credit card companies from charging more than $ 25 for late payments except in extreme circumstances , prevent them from charging customers for not using their cards , and requires them to reconsider rate increases imposed since January 1 , 2009 , according to the Federal Reserve , which approved the regulations . They are the final provisions of federal legislation that placed new restrictions on credit card interest rates and fees , completing the most comprehensive overhaul of the credit card industry in history . The banking industry has already made changes in response to the Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility , and Disclosure  CARD  Act of 2009 , a spokesman said Sunday . "  The industry has moved swiftly to implement all of these changes and the final piece of the puzzle is now in place , " said Kenneth Clayton of the American Bankers Association . "  It will still take some time before we can really see how the landscape has changed , but it is clear that consumer choice and control will ultimately drive further changes in the marketplace , " he said in a statement . The Fed 's rules could result in lower interest rates for consumers . Banks will have to reduce rates if the reasons for increases imposed in the last 20 months no longer exist , and regulators will review and enforce such cuts . Consumers will most immediately notice the new penalty fee limit of $ 25 . Reducing penalty fees was a central provision of the credit card law , but Congress left it to the Fed to determine how to do it . The Fed leaves room for larger penalty fees to be charged if a consumer has shown a pattern of "  repeated " violations or if a card issuer can show that a higher fee reasonably offsets its own costs in dealing with the violation that spurred the penalty . Among other new rules , penalty fees ca n't exceed the dollar amount incurred by the consumer 's violation that spurred the fee . For example , if a customer is late making a $ 20 minimum payment , the fee ca n't exceed $ 20 . A consumer who exceeds her credit limit by $ 5 can not be charged an over-the-limit fee of more than $ 5 . Consumers will no longer face multiple penalty fees if the violation was based on a single late payment . The provisions , which were announced in June , complement previous rules of the 2009 credit card law that are already in effect . Starting in February , issuers were prohibited from hiking interest rates on existing balances as long as customers paid their bills on time . They also have to notify customers at least 45 days in advance of interest rate increases and most fee changes . The Fed was tasked with figuring out a way to set penalty fees in a way that 's "  reasonable and proportional " to the violation that caused the fee . Consumers scored a win , since these fee caps go beyond what the Fed had suggested earlier this year in a draft . The $ 25 limit will mean significant savings for consumers who face median penalty fees of $ 39 , according to data collected by the Pew Safe Credit Cards Project . However , if a cardholder is late or over his credit limit two times within six months , issuers could hike the second penalty fee to $ 35 , or possibly more if the issuer can justify the fee to regulators , according to the Fed rules . Although the Fed is cracking down on penalty fees , it has n't addressed the interest rate hikes that are also imposed on consumers who violate the terms of their credit card agreements . So a consumer who spends more than his credit card limit by $ 15 may only face a $ 15 fee . But that consumer could still face a permanent penalty hike on his interest rate , which would apply to any future purchases . Still , some banking groups have concerns . Financial Services Roundtable 's senior lobbyist Scott Talbott warned that the Fed 's cap on penalty fees will limit the industry 's ability to offset the risk that credit cardholders do n't pay their bills . "  The restrictions in the rules the Fed issued will decrease the ability of the credit card industry to price for risk and the net effect will be a decrease in -LSB- credit -RSB- availability , " Talbott said . CNN 's Scott Spoerry and CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	The rules block companies from charging more than $ 25 for late payments in most cases They also ban charges for not using cards The Federal Reserve announced the changes resulting from the Credit Card Act of 2009
CNN  -- It all started out quite innocently , with jokes about the Queen 's perma-frown and GIF collections of weird , what-the-Dickens moments from the opening ceremony . From there , however , the Twitter conversation about the London Olympics has taken a rapid turn toward the troll-ish . Athletes have been flaming sports announcers and lobbing racist comments at people from other countries . Pretty much everyone on the Internet has contributed to the #NBCFail hashtag . A spectator told a British diver that his fourth-place finish "  let your dad down . "  A dad , by the way , who died of cancer last year .  And Twitter itself has come under fire for briefly deleting the account of one of the Games ' and NBC 's biggest critics , purportedly for breaking the site 's terms or use . Was n't this supposed to be the "  Twitter Olympics , " where everyone rejoiced in the digital-era magic of hearing directly from the world 's best athletes and scrolling through a global , real-time conversation about what must be the planet 's most "  Kumbaya " - like sporting event ? It was . The International Olympic Committee even promoted it as such . But maybe that was the wrong expectation for a communications platform that has become much more than a feel-good public relations tool . As Brian Mossop wrote on Monday for Wired , Twitter has also helped fuel dictator-toppling protest movements . "  It 's almost as if the IOC is completely unaware of the role Twitter and Facebook played in the Arab Spring , " he wrote , "  or the frequency with which people use it to communicate in real time . " In terms of numbers , the London Games certainly have been the Twitter Olympics , far outpacing both the Beijing and Vancouver Games , when Twitter was n't quite the global communications phenom it has become in 2012 . "  There were more tweets in a single day last week than during the entire 2008 Beijing Games , " Twitter wrote in a blog post on its UK site , adding that more than 60 % of British athletes are on Twitter . "  We 've already seen 10 million mentions of the term Olympics during the Games as fans use Twitter to get to the heart of the action , " the company said .  Enough of that traffic came from London , by the way , that the Olympic committee reportedly asked spectators to refrain from tweeting and texting unless it 's "  urgent , " in an effort to lessen the network 's load . Over the years , Twitter , which did not respond to a request for comment on this story , has become the Olympics ' "  cocktail hour , " where both athletes and couch dwellers chatter about the games , said Jason Damata , spokesman for Trendrr , a social media tracker . In 2010 , he said , more than 307,000 tweets contained the term "  Olympics " on the first weekend of the Winter Games in Vancouver . This year , that number jumped tenfold , to more than 3.5 million tweets on the opening weekend of the Games in London . "  Two or four years ago it was n't as common . Four years ago , especially , it was really just people in their houses saying ` Oh my gosh did you see that dive . ' It was people talking to their social circles , " he said . "  As Twitter as a platform has evolved and behavior has evolved , it is happening on both ends . Now there are way more athletes who are on . And there are way more people who are sharing their viewing habits , on Twitter especially . " 12 great Olympics-related Twitter accounts What those athletes say , however , can be another matter . A Swiss athlete was expelled from the Games after he called South Korean athletes "  mongoloids , " according to The Daily Mail ; and a Greek triple-jumper was banned for writing on Twitter that "  With so many Africans in Greece , the mosquitoes from the West Nile will at least be eating some homemade food . " More benign , but still unexpected , was Hope Solo , an American soccer star , who used her Twitter feed to blast player-turned-analyst Brandi Chastain , telling NBC to employ a soccer commentator who "  knows more about the game . " And several prominent Olympians have taken to Twitter in protest of International Olympic Committee Rule 40 . That rule bans the athletes from using their social media accounts to promote companies other than the official Olympic sponsors . "  I am honored to be an Olympian , but #WeDemandChange2012 #Rule40 @NBCOlympics " several of the athletes posted . Opinion : Should we trust Twitter ? That kind of political dissent is new , said Mark McClusky , a senior projects editor at Wired who is covering the Games . "  Athletes are taking to Twitter to voice frustrations with the way that the sports system is currently constructed and oriented , " he said by phone from London . "  That 's something we really have n't seen before -- or not in such a coordinated way , having a couple dozen really prominent Olympians starting to really talk about those issues . Beyond that I think it 's just so much more part of how these athletes interact with the world than ever before , certainly . We saw some people tweeting at Beijing and a few more at Vancouver -- and now it 's just part of the oxygen . " The London Games , however , have been testing the limits of how far Twitter , NBC and law enforcement will let the spitfire of real-time conversation go . British police reportedly arrested a 17-year-old "  on suspicion of malicious communications " after he sent a Twitter message to UK diver Tom Daley telling the diver he had disappointed his recently deceased father by placing fourth in Monday 's synchronized diving competition on the 10-meter platform . The Twittersphere erupted Monday and Tuesday after Twitter temporarily suspended the account of Guy Adams , a journalist who had been one of the harshest critics of NBC 's decision to televise the Olympics on a delay in the United States . NBC complained to Twitter after Adams posted the e-mail address of one of its executives , asking people to air grievances with him . Twitter then suspended the account , saying that posting another person 's private info is a violation of its terms . Meet the man who started #NBCFail But some media analysts cried foul , saying Adams effectively was censored because of his views . "  What makes this a serious issue is that Twitter has partnered with NBC during the Olympics , " Dan Gillmor wrote for The Guardian . "  And it was NBC 's complaint about Adams that led to the suspension . That alone raises reasonable suspicions about Twitter 's motives . " Adams ' account was reinstated on Tuesday . Not all the Twitter Olympic chatter is negative , of course . As Twitter notes on its UK blog , the phrase "  good luck " has been used more than 1.2 million times on the network since the Olympics began . And , according to Trendrr , the #NBCFail hashtag , which is the digital warehouse for complaints about the network 's coverage in the United States , got less traffic over the weekend than Rowan "  Mr. Bean " Atkinson did during his three minutes onstage during Friday 's opening ceremony . Even the man credited with creating the #NBCFail meme said he thinks things have gotten a little out of hand . "  In some ways it 's showing some of the worst sides of what this instant media can do , " said Steven Marx , a 48-year-old who had only 17 Twitter followers before the hashtag spread . "  It 's sort of that mob mentality that Twitter encourages . I think in this sense it 's showing the bad . But in the Occupy  Wall Street  movement , it showed the good that Twitter can do for organizing . Even though it 's made me slightly famous , I 'm not necessarily thrilled with what 's happened . I 'm not terribly impressed with NBC , but that 's not new this year . " Others are merely finding fun in the sport of being grouchy . "  I 'm glad for Twitter so I can get real time results , " one Twitter user wrote in response to a CNN question about the topic . "  A lot of the complaining is really funny , so I 've been enjoying it . "	The London Games are being billed as the "  Twitter Olympics " But much of the online conversation has devolved into criticism of the Games Twitter is far more popular now than it was at the Beijing and Vancouver Olympics Writer says it has become "  oxygen " of the games , fueling both positive and negative
CNN  The first Puppy Bowl aired on February 6 , 2005 , on a hunch that viewers would tune in to watch puppies run around a small replica of a football field . Boy , did they ever . As the popular sideshow enters its second decade , it has become one of Animal Planet 's most popular shows , with animal lovers around the world looking forward to it . Here are ten things you may not know about the Puppy Bowl : 1 . In 2014 , 13.5 million watched various airings of the Puppy Bowl , according to Discovery 2 . First lady Michelle Obama introduced the Puppy Bowl in 2014 3 . Almost all the animals are available for adoption 4 . The puppies tend to range in age from 12 to 21 weeks old 5 . In recent years , the Puppy Bowl has been re-broadcast in a 12-hour marathon 6 . The idea for the Puppy Bowl came from the holiday Yule Log broadcasts 7 . Unlike the Super Bowl , there 's very little in the way of commentary during the Puppy Bowl 8 . The Kitty Halftime Show grows more elaborate each year , adding such talent as Keyboard Cat in 2014 9 . The Super Bowl has yet to have a double touchdown , unlike the Puppy Bowl 10 . Not to be outdone , the Hallmark Channel started the Kitten Bowl last year Which Super Bowl city is cooler ?	Puppy Bowl launched on Animal Planet as Super Bowl counterprogramming in 2005 Millions watch Puppy Bowl each year
CNN  -- Michael Vick , the comeback story like no other -- the nation 's largest ongoing rehabilitation project not named Sheen -- makes his postseason splash Sunday night . A bigger audience means more fans than ever face this question : Can I embrace the Philadelphia quarterback 's singular talents without getting the blood of past sins on me ? It 's been more than 19 months since Vick 's release from federal prison in Leavenworth , Kansas , on his dogfighting conviction . And still the debate over his crime and his place back at the forefront of the NFL achieves spectacular extremes . Within two days in late December , the president of the United States congratulated Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie for giving Vick a second chance while a Fox News analyst suggested that Vick should have been executed for his crime . But this process of redemption also works itself out quietly , modestly , one oil change at a time . A Nissan dealer in Woodbury , New Jersey , has a played a small role in reintroducing Vick to the segment of society that does n't kill dogs for sport . Thomas McMenamin , executive manager of the dealership , was the first businessman to sign the ex-con QB to an endorsement deal . Before the feds started digging around Vick 's Bad Newz Kennels in Virginia , he was the hottest property in the league , making a reported $ 7 million a year in endorsements . Afterward , he was an untouchable . Now , for a series of promotional appearances and one television spot , he reportedly is receiving the free use of a $ 50,000 Nissan Armada . "  When we first met , he was n't ashamed to admit that he did wrong and was wrong , " McMenamin said . Would you buy a car from Michael Vick ? McMenamin said the response has been mostly positive . "  We have gotten some phone calls from people saying , ` We 'll never buy a car from you again , ' but a lot of those came from out of town , from people who would n't buy here anyway . " To help ease the expected criticism , the dealership struck a promotional arrangement in which it would donate to the local humane society for every car sold until the end of January . McMenamin estimates the total should amount to $ 10,000 . One episode last month struck the manager as telling . A customer came to him irate over how long it had taken the service department to perform a simple oil change . He left dramatically , vowing never to return . The next day , McMenamin 's phone rang . It was the same disaffected customer . He had seen the Vick commercial that night . "  You gave Michael Vick a second chance , and I 'm willing to give your store a second chance " are the words McMenamin remembers . Sport has always had its gamblers and rogues , its cheats and addicts . In one Super Bowl night in Atlanta , Baltimore linebacker Ray Lewis became part of a double murder case  he eventually pleaded to misdemeanor obstruction of justice  . The following year , 2001 , he was the Super Bowl MVP . There 'd be none of the usual failings for Vick , though . Like his skill set of speed , elusiveness and arm strength , his downfall had to be so out of the norm as to challenge belief . He 'd bankroll a dog fighting ring . The cruelty of Vick 's crime was spelled out in unsettling detail in the indictment against him , in passages such as : "  In or about April 2007  Purnell  Peace ,  Quanis  Phillips and Vick executed approximately eight dogs that did not perform well in "  testing " sessions by various methods including hanging , drowning and slamming at least one dog 's body to the ground . " And the price he paid for his crime was steep : 23 months in prison , three years probation , bankruptcy and great heapings of public scorn . But fans love a good comeback story , and they are quick to grant forgiveness to those who lead them back to the top of the standings . Now , with Vick , they are being asked to process an entirely foreign kind of crime along with a startling kind of ability . It 's like trying to read a Greek tragedy -- in Greek . After serving as a backup with the Eagles in 2009 , Vick took over the starting role early this season . The team had shed its longtime marquee quarterback , Donovan McNabb , with plans of plugging in Kevin Kolb as his successor . But Kolb suffered a concussion , and Vick rediscovered his Vickness . At 30 , he appeared to be a star at peak brightness . Against Washington in November , he put on such a show -- passing for four touchdowns and rushing for two others -- that the Hall of Fame requested his jersey . He threw for more than 300 yards three times in a month .  During six seasons in Atlanta , he had done that only twice .  Throwing for a career-high 21 touchdowns , with only six interceptions , he was 8-3 as an Eagles starter and led them to a division title . On Sunday , versus Green Bay , Vick returns to the site of his last playoff appearance , this time leading the home team at Philadelphia 's Lincoln Financial Field . It has been seven eventful years since he last played the postseason . And that was a largely forgettable performance , the Atlanta Falcons losing in the 2003 NFC championship by 17 and their quarterback rendered practically invisible . He enters this game with an injured leg , and his last start , a loss to Minnesota , was his least productive of the season . But it 's so much more than the numbers with Vick ; it 's how he amasses them . Dan Reeves , Vick 's first coach in Atlanta and an unabashed supporter , is an old-school , understated football lifer . But on the subject of Vick , he raves : "  Vick 's  just exciting . I love what Peyton Manning and Drew Brees and Tom Brady do . But it 's different . They are great at what they do ; I love to watch them , but Mike takes your breath away . "  You watch him and you say , ` How did he get away from that guy ; how did he make that deep throw ; how did he throw across his body like that ? ' " By all accounts , Vick has dedicated himself to the craft of his position as never before . In interviews now , he sounds markedly more clear-headed than during his Atlanta days . He has struck all the right notes thus far this season , including dedicating himself to regular appearances on behalf of the anti-dog fighting campaign of the Humane Society of the United States . That cause has benefited even from those wishing Vick ill . A pair of Green Bay fans this season pledged $ 10 to the Humane Society for every time the quarterback was sacked . The total currently stands at $ 340 . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told the Philadelphia Inquirer , "  This young man has turned his life around , and he 's going to contribute . " While Vick never can outrun his past , there are signs that he has begun to at least give it a good race . Nowhere has the Vick conversation been more divisive than in Atlanta , where he was the franchise 's No. 1 overall draft pick in 2001 . His rise lifted the Falcons profile nationally and titillated the fan base like no other player , including Deion Sanders . And his fall absolutely laid waste to the franchise for two seasons . Chris Dimino , co-host of morning sports talk on Atlanta 's 790 The Fan , has found himself moderating the debate over Vick 's standing among Falcons fans . It often swings between vitriol and blind adoration , seeming to break down frequently along racial lines . "  I never thought I 'd see the light at the end of that tunnel . But I do sense that there is a turn  in the tone of the conversation  , " Dimino said . "  Most people now are playing the good-for-him , give-him-a-second-chance card , " he added . "  He was stupidity personified . He paid the price ; now let 's move on . People like a redemption story . "  Of course , if the Falcons were n't 13-3 now , there might be a heck of a lot more venom than there is now . " Vick 's past and present teams may be on a collision course for an NFC Championship game meeting in Atlanta , at which time the old scab will be ripped clean off . Deciding on how to deal with Vick here at center stage would be so much easier if only there were a porthole to his soul , allowing a peek at what 's really in there . How can any fan know ? Vick 's road to fan acceptance is the same one that will take him to a new contract ; his two-year deal  which with bonuses and incentives have earned him a reported $ 7 million  runs out this season . He seems to realize the practical truth that what he does is going to amount to much more than what he utters . He recently told Sports Illustrated , "  I do n't think me saying the right thing is going to get me a new deal . It 's all about my play . It 's all about how you conduct yourself as you play well . I do n't have to put on a front around anybody . " The idea that people can change -- that 's the notion Wayne Pacelle 's life is built around . "  If it was my belief that people were static , I do n't think I could come to work every day , " says the president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States . Vick is just one of a number of former dog fighters and animal abusers that Pacelle 's group has enlisted as spokesmen against cruelty . Vick has made a dozen appearances in major cities in the East , attempting to reach youngsters who could be lured into the practice of pitting dogs against each other in back alleys and abandoned buildings , so-called "  street fighting . " Pacelle said he has been asked a thousand times whether he believes Vick is sincere . Asked for the 1,001 st time , he said , "  I do n't get into that . " All he knows for sure is that he has seen Vick speak to hundreds of youngsters who , because of the quarterback 's status , "  sit and listen in rapt attention . " Will the head of the Humane Society be rooting for the one-time dog fighter this weekend ? Pacelle is one of the very few who remain mute on that subject .	Philadelphia Eagles quarterback makes his NFL postseason splash Sunday It 's been 19 months since his release from prison on dog fighting conviction Fans love a good comeback story , often forgive those who lead them back to top
CNN  -- New France coach Laurent Blanc has chosen not to select any of the 23-man World Cup squad , that refused to take part in a training session during their disastrous tournament , for next month 's friendly international against Norway . Blanc , who took over from Raymond Domenech following France 's exit at the group stage of the competition , opted to exclude the whole squad for one match as a punishment for their role in the protest that came just two days before their final match against host nation South Africa . The French Football Federation confirmed the decision on their official website , with a statement saying : "  Laurent Blanc proposed to the federal council not to retain any of the 23 players officially selected for the World Cup in South Africa , for the friendly match against Norway in Oslo on Wednesday August 11 . "  Laurent Blanc will release the list of players selected for this match on Thursday August 5 . " France 's tournament fell into disarray after Chelsea striker Nicolas Anelka was sent home following a row with Domenech . Captain Patrice Evra then became involved in a heated public argument with coach Robert Duverne -- resulting in Duverne storming off the training ground with the squad retreating to their team bus and refusing to train . Among the players now not available to Blanc are Arsenal trio Bacary Sagna , Gael Clichy and Abou Diaby , Bayern Munich winger Franck Ribery , Barcelona 's Eric Abidal , Chelsea 's Anelka and Florent Malouda and playmaker Yoann Gourcuff -- who Blanc coached when he the pair were at Bordeaux . However , there is no suggestion that the ban will last longer than a single match and many of the players are expected to return for the opening Euro 2012 qualifier at home to Belarus -- although it remains to be seen whether Anelka and Evra , who were perceived as the ringleaders , will return to the squad . Goalkeeper Hugo Lloris earlier admitted to L'Equipe newspaper that the players had made a mistake in refusing to train . "  We acted as a team . To strike was the decision of a squad who felt lonely , who believed that no-one had stood up for them and who had a message to convey . "  We went too far . It was a very awkward decision , a big mistake . It was completely stupid . But there were so many problems . " Lloris ' Lyon teammate Jeremy Toulalan told the Journal du Dimanche : "  I 'm not proud of what I did but I accept responsibility . There were no ringleaders and no slaves , no good guys and no bad guys . We were all involved and we are all responsible because nobody said a word against the boycott . "	Laurent Blanc choses not to select any of France 's 23-man World Cup squad for Norway friendly Blanc makes the decision following the squad 's boycott of training during the World Cup Franck Ribery , Eric Abidal , Nicolas Anelka and Florent Malouda among those suspended Captain Patrice Evra was involved in a row with a fitness coach which prompted boycott
CNN  -- This week , as I was searching for popular topics and interesting articles , I kept finding posts dealing with obesity . It does n't really make sense , but for whatever reason , the Internet world seems to be fascinated by fat . There was chatter about a new report that says by 2030 half of all adults in America will be considered obese . Essentially , in 18 years most of us will be sweating actual bacon grease . Sunbathing will smell delicious . Reading this report was sort of depressing , but at the same time , it was also kind of encouraging . Depressing , because we 're all becoming a bunch of disgusting fat-bodies . Encouraging , because it sounds like , perhaps , the future holds pie ! Another trending article told how lawyers for an obese death row inmate in Ohio say their client ca n't be executed because he weighs almost 500 pounds -- it 'll cause too much pain and suffering to administer the lethal injection . On top of that , they argue that the gurney literally might not even be able to hold him . I simply ca n't imagine how one actually gains that much weight sitting behind bars , presumably separated by several states and  at the very least  a sheet of plexiglass from Paula Deen . I seriously do n't know . Maybe he has conjugal visits with a tub of buttermilk . "  No , silly . I love you more . " But the story that really got to me -- the one that really tugged at the empty space where my heartstrings would be if I had the ability to feel -- was about a dog . A dachshund . But not just any dachshund . A 77-pound dachshund ! I do n't know how to put this any other way , but ... that 's a huge wiener ! Thanks , folks . I 'll be here all week . The 5-year-old dog 's name is Obie , and he was originally owned by an elderly couple in Seattle . Apparently , they expressed their love for him through food . And Obie expressed his love for them by becoming a zeppelin . A relative of the elderly couple eventually put out a plea for help , and a willing foster mom emerged in Portland , Oregon . When Obie finally arrived on August 18 , driven down by a friendly volunteer , Nora Vanatta was shocked by the size of her new dog . The former vet tech had seen a lot in her day , but this thing here was blocking out the damn sun . Thus began Biggest Loser , Doxie Edition -- an epic quest to get Obie back into shape . Vanatta started a Facebook page for Obie -- who 's otherwise healthy -- to track his weight loss and solicit donations for help . She also wanted her dog 's story to rally humans . Vanatta wrote , "  My hope is that he can be an inspiration to any person or animal trying to lose weight . It is so important to introduce pups and kids to a healthy lifestyle and food choices as early as possible . Prevention is the key ! " And she 's right . Good habits make healthy dogs . Hopefully , excessive weight gain wo n't really be something I 'm going to have to worry about with my dog , Mikey . He 's a Great Dane mix who , one would think , could eat the entire contents of my fridge given a full hour and nothing better to do . But , amazingly , he 's not overly motivated by food so much as he 's completely motivated by licking the place where his testicles used to be . I stopped judging him a long time ago . I 've got my hobbies . He 's got his . Still , I do n't get why he 's not completely hyper-crazy-bonkers-insane about food like other dogs . I do n't allow him any people food , so it 's not like he knows he 's missing out on something better . Which he is . Specifically , the McRib . Do n't laugh . I swoon for that stupid thing . It completes me . "  No , silly . I love you more . " Eventually , Mikey eats . But when he 's full , he stops . This dog literally has the self-control to leave remaining food just sitting in the bowl . Whereas I ca n't remember the last time I did n't lick my plate . I 'm single , ladies . Your parents will love me . But despite my dog 's disinterest in food , what 's even more amazing is that Obie -- that short , stumpy dachshund -- actually weighs more than Mikey . And he 's still completely adorable ! Besides , chubbing out was n't Obie 's fault . Naturally , it was human error . Getting all nice and fat has clearly become the great American pastime . And these days there 's an added incentive , because , now if you manage to get your entire family to weigh more than a Buick they give you a show on TLC ! Though , not to be outdone , Obie has already been on the Today Show . And in his own private version of The Biggest Loser , he 's sure to be the big wiener . Thanks , folks . I 'll be here all week .	Bellini : For whatever reason , the Internet world seems to be fascinated by fat A dachshund named Obie in Portland , Oregon , weighs 77 pounds Obie 's new owner started a Facebook page to track his weight loss Bellini : I do n't get why my dog 's not hyper-bonkers-insane about food like other dogs
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran said Wednesday it is investigating reports of violence at a Tehran University dormitory in the wake of rallies sparked by last week 's disputed election . The aftermath of anti-riot police actions at Tehran University shows smashed computer terminals . Tehran University students told a CNN iReporter that government forces staged a massive crackdown early Monday at the university 's dorm . Some students were detained in the raid . Students jumped out of windows to escape the Iranian police forces who threw tear gas and beat students , according to the iReporter , a former Tehran University student who now lives outside Iran . He did not want to be identified for security reasons . CNN has been unable to confirm the account because of restrictions on international media in Tehran . Parliament speaker Ali Larijani on Wednesday called for an "  unbiased report " by the team of lawmakers appointed to look into the "  unfortunate incidents " at the university dorm , according to Iran 's government-funded Press TV . "  There has been news of unfortunate incidents taking place in parts of the city such as the Tehran University dormitory , and it appears that hidden hands are at work to feed foreign media outlets with propaganda , " Larijani said . The investigating lawmakers have spoken to Tehran University students and other officials and are demanding the release of the detained students , Press TV reported . The lawmakers are also calling for the arrest and punishment of those who perpetrated the violence and for students to be compensated for their loss , according to Press TV . The CNN iReporter said one Tehran University student e-mailed him as the assault on the dormitory happened between 1 and 5 a.m. Monday . "  So around 4 a.m. , he sends this very frightening e-mail . He says , ` Right now Ansaar -LSB- pro-government -RSB- forces are outside of buildings and threatening students to , ` Get out of the rooms like good boys . ' Thank God the night is going to be over soon . Please pray for us ! ' " the iReporter told CNN . A couple hours later , the student wrote , "  Some students jumped out of windows to save themselves and got injured , but the shameless forces even beat and arrested those too . ... Some of the arrested students are released after more beating and interrogation , others are missing . " The iReporter said he believes Iranian students have "  a very important role " in Iranian politics , but noted that the current protests in Iran are more than just a student movement . "  At least the perspective that those forces have is that the students are at the leadership of this movement , " he said . "  This might or might not be true especially right now because all the people are involved in this protest and it 's not only students . They have a very important role here . " There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities . Amateur video posted on YouTube showed several injured people identified as Isfahan University students . Amnesty International said it appeared students were also targeted at Tabriz University in northwestern Iran when security forces entered dormitories there and detained 10 students . Amnesty also reported similar crackdowns on university students in the cities of Shiraz , Mashhad and Zahedan . The human rights agency called on Iranian authorities to "  end attacks on students . " CNN 's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Tehran University dorm raided , with tear gas and beatings alleged , iReporter says Several students reportedly still being detained by Iranian police Parliament speaker calls for "  unbiased report " to reveal "  hidden hands at work " There have been reports of crackdowns on other Iranian universities
The Frisky  -- Mobile therapy apps are on the way . Just imagine -- you might not have to pay $ 200 an hour to talk about your problems . You can just pop out your iPhone and a virtual therapist can offer you some perspective . Real therapists speculate that mobile mental health apps will be a great addition to ongoing in-person therapy , but not a total substitution . Some therapy apps are being designed to help patients track moods or even predict psychotic breaks . The exciting thing is that virtual therapy will be available 24/7 unlike even the best therapists . Here are three new mobile therapy apps that are in the works . All that will be missing is the couch . App name : Mobile Therapy Developed by : Dr. Margaret Morris , a clinical psychologist working for Intel How it works : You can map your moods , energy levels , sleep patterns , activities , and food intake on a daily basis . Based on the info , the app will offer you therapeutic exercises like guided relaxations or suggestions about how to disengage from a stressful situation . The idea is that you look at your week in moods and see a connection about what 's going on in your life and how it affects your mental state . Best for : Anyone . If you have severe problems or you are just a human being living your life this app could be helpful to gain self-awareness , insight , and develop strategies for dealing with stress . App name : Mobile Mood Diary Developed by : Alan Delahunty , a psychotherapist from Ireland , and Mark Matthews at Trinity College in Dublin How it works : This app is a support tool for Cognitive Behavioral Therapy  CBT  , which helps change behavior by changing thoughts . An important component of CBT is daily homework , part of which involves patients charting their daily moods , energy levels , sleep patterns , activities , and thoughts . The patients can track this information and print out the mood diary to bring to weekly therapy sessions . Best for : Teenagers . It makes CBT homework more fun and engaging for them . Kind of like glorified texting . App name : CBT MobilWork Developed by : Judy Callan at the University of Pittsburgh and scientists at Carnegie Mellon How it works : This app lets patients check off CBT homework as it 's completed and prompts and coaches the patient on to the next step . Best for : Adults with severe depression . They are hoping to expand this app to be used to treat anxiety , phobias , eating disorders , and schizophrenia . TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Therapists say mobile mental health apps are a great addition to ongoing in-person therapy Virtual therapy is available 24/7 unlike even the best therapists CBT MobilWork lets patients check off CBT homework as it 's completed
CNN  -- Proponents of marriage equality for lesbians , gay , bisexual , and transgender  LGBT  persons had been on quite a winning streak -- every federal district court , save one in Louisiana , had found a constitutional right to same-sex marriage . Four federal courts of appeal -- one rung below the U.S. Supreme Court , have reached that same conclusion , with same-sex marriage now legal in conservative states like Utah , Oklahoma and Idaho . As a result of the Supreme Court 's refusal to hear these cases , 32 states and the District of Columbia now allow same-sex marriage . This string of victories , however , came to a halt on November 7 , when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit , on a 2-1 vote , became the first federal appellate court to uphold same-sex marriage bans . In the decision , DeBoer v. Snyder , the court dodged addressing the real issue -- the impact of same-sex marriage bans on the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  persons . Instead , it focused on a different question -- should courts or the people through democratic processes be making decisions about marriage ? In framing the issue in such a way , the court suggested that judges should not be making such decisions . The court is wrong . It is critical for the judiciary system to play a role in our constitutional process . The Constitution is designed to protect minority groups against the tyranny of the majority , who otherwise could legislate away all sorts of rights absent the protections found in the Bill of Rights and elsewhere . Oddly , many people who would decry this supposed judicial usurpation of democratic processes in the context of same-sex marriage are likely the same as those who lauded the Supreme Court 's striking down of gun restrictions in Washington , D.C. and Illinois in District of Columbia v. Heller and McDonald v. Chicago , respectively . Yet , the scenario is exactly the same . Invalidating gun restrictions and same-sex marriage bans rest on the same principle -- courts strike down laws that were adopted through the democratic process but that run afoul of rights protected by the Constitution . When the Supreme Court struck down the gun restrictions in those cases , it , too , was disrupting the outcome of our democratic processes . Yet gun rights proponents did not suggest that the Court 's decisions were somehow illegitimate . Instead , the decision was about protecting the rights of people , in those cases , the rights of gun owners . The same is true with same-sex marriage bans -- protecting the rights of people against a majority who , for whatever reason , does not care for them or their relationships . One could argue that the situations are different because the Second Amendment clearly articulates a "  right to bear arms , " whereas courts are merely manufacturing rights under the guise of "  due process " and "  equal protection . " But , that argument does n't survive a closer look . The Second Amendment is vague , too . The Second Amendment states "  A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . " But , what exactly are "  arms " ? Only the weapons around when the amendment was adopted , so that Congress ca n't ban muskets but can ban anything else ? If the meaning "  arms " changes over time , then where do we draw the line -- bazookas , tanks , or nuclear weapons ? Clearly , there is no constitutional right to own any of those . The language of the Second Amendment requires judicial interpretation to flesh out its limits . To be clear , I disagree with the Supreme Court 's interpretation of the Second Amendment and would have preferred that the court uphold those gun control laws . But I do not think that those decisions reflect an illegitimate act of judicial usurpation of the democratic process . The same dynamic is taking place with the same-sex marriage cases . The courts are explaining what the protections of "  due process " and "  equal protection " mean . If states have violated the rights of LGBT persons by denying them access to civil marriage without sufficient justification , it is not only legitimate for the courts to strike down the bans , it is also their obligation to do so . As the dissenting judge at the Sixth Circuit rightfully and eloquently explained , "  If we in the judiciary do not have the authority , and indeed the responsibility , to right fundamental wrongs left excused by a majority of the electorate , our whole intricate , constitutional system of checks and balances , as well as the oaths to which we swore , prove to be nothing but shams . " The majority in the Sixth Circuit ignored this reality , as well as the four other appellate courts that concluded otherwise -- that they had the obligation to decide these issues . Now that there is disagreement among the federal appellate courts on this issue , the Supreme Court will have to intervene . Let 's hope the Supreme Court recognizes its obligation to decide these issues by protecting the rights of LGBT persons and opening the doors of marriage to same-sex couples .	Tim Holbrook : For the first time , a federal appellate court upholds same-sex marriage bans Holbrook : Court should decide on the issue rather than letting the people decide Invalidating gun restrictions and same-sex marriage bans rest on the same principle Holbrook : Courts should make a ruling and side with protecting rights of Constitution
CNN  -- British graffiti artist Banksy has launched an art exhibition in Bethlehem that he hopes will focus attention on the poverty of the West Bank and draw tourists to the traditional birthplace of Christianity . A Palestinian man walks by Banksy 's camel , painted on the security barrier near Bethlehem . As part of the project , Banksy has adorned the controversial security barrier around the West Bank town with spray paint and plaster works of art in a comment on the Israel-Palestinian conflict . Israel says the purpose of the barrier is to prevent terrorist attacks being launched from the West Bank . Palestinian leaders however say the barrier amounts to an illegitimate land grab by Israelis , setting unilateral borders for an eventual Palestinian state . The new exhibition , called "  Santa 's Ghetto Bethlehem 2007 , " is a collaboration by artists who say they are trying to revitalize tourism to Bethlehem and "  offer the ink-stained hand of friendship to ordinary people in an extraordinary situation . " Banksy 's sketches on the security barrier flow towards Manger Square , across from the Church of the Nativity , where Christians believe Jesus was born . His images include a dove wearing a bullet-proof vest , a young girl in a frilly pink dress frisking a soldier and a donkey being checked for its identity papers . According to the Web site for Santa 's Ghetto , Banksy thought he was making an ironic commentary with the donkey picture , but locals told him the animals are frequently asked for ID papers . Santa 's Ghetto typically operates during the month of December out of a small store on Oxford Street in London , where underground artists showcase their work . Banksy , who started the initiative six years ago , says : "  I felt the spirit of Christmas was being lost . It was becoming increasingly uncommercialized and more and more to do with religion , so we decided to open our own shop and sell pointless stuff you did n't need . " His exhibition in Bethlehem is rife with the same satirical sentiments . Beyond the barrier graffiti , the work of Santa 's Ghetto 's diverse artists spread across three floors of a building in Manger Square . Inside , examples include a painting by Palestinian artist Suleiman Mansour in which a man carries the city of Jerusalem on his back , and London artist Peter Kennard 's montage of dollar bills printed on pages from the Jerusalem Post . Proceeds from Santa 's Ghetto sales go to charity . Little is known about Banksy other than that he was born in Bristol , western England . Collections of his original work , which attract the likes of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt , have sold for more than $ 1 million  almost # 500,000  . Banksy 's previous political statements have included hanging a picture of a cave man pushing a shopping cart in the British Museum and placing a doll of a Guantanamo Bay detainee in Disneyland . The doll was removed , but the "  primitive " portrait became a part of the British Museum 's permanent collection . Tourism -- even in the traditional Christmas peak season -- has been hard hit in recent years with Israeli checkpoints keeping most of the local Palestinians in and all but the most determined tourists out . As a result levels of unemployment are high . Speaking through the Web site , Banksy says tourists need not fear visiting the West Bank . "  It would do good if more people came to see the situation here for themselves . "  If it is safe enough for a bunch of sissy artists then it 's safe enough for anyone . " E-mail to a friend	Graffiti artist Banksy uses Bethlehem security barrier as his latest canvas His exhibition , "  Santa 's Ghetto , " aims to bring visitors to the West Bank Banksy 's identity is kept secret , adding to his allure
CNN  -- Jenny 's phone number is for sale , but not for a song . "  867-5309 / Jenny " originally appeared on Tommy Tutone 's "  Tommy Tutone 2 " album . Bids for a New Jersey version of the number , stuck in the minds of millions since Tommy Tutone 's "  867-5309 / Jenny " hit the Top 10 in 1982 , had reached $ 5,100 on eBay as of Monday morning . The song is about a guy who finds Jenny 's name and number scribbled on a bathroom wall . "  This is really , in my opinion , one of the last cultural remnants of the '80s pop culture era ... other than the mullet , " said Spencer Potter , a 28-year-old DJ who is selling the number he got for free five years ago . While Potter is overlooking the fact that "  867-5309 " is an active phone number in dozens of other area codes , it does get called a lot by curious people . Potter said he has gotten about 40 calls a day since he got the area code 201 version for his Weehawken , New Jersey , DJ business . "  The minute we plugged the phone jack into the wall , it began ringing , " Potter said . Mostly , Potter said , the callers are "  a lot of '80s fanatics " and he lets the calls ring through to his voice mail . When he did answer a call three years ago , Potter found his own Jenny on the line . "  She had been using my number to give out to guys that she did n't like at bars , " he said . "  It was a bum phone number . " The young lady from Hoboken , New Jersey , told Potter she was just curious about who might be getting the calls . Potter ended up asking her out . "  I figured if she was having to give out a bum number that often then she was probably pretty cute , " he said . "  We ended up meeting for drinks . We dated for awhile and it was actually a great friendship . " Potter recently moved from Weehawken and decided to try to make money off the infamous digits with an eBay auction . Potter 's DJ business goes with the number , a necessary provision to get around phone company rules against selling telephone numbers , he said . Phone companies technically own the numbers , not the customers . Potter said Vonage , the company that assigned the number , gave him permission to transfer it as part of the sale of his business . EBay halted a 2004 auction by the purported holder of the 212 area code version of the number , The New York Times reported . A Philadelphia-area resident who holds the toll-free versions -- both 800 and 888 -- said he values his numbers in the millions . Jeffrey Steinberg said his best offer so far , rejected several years ago , was for $ 1 million from a national weight-loss company . He acquired the numbers in the early 1990s for a pizza delivery campaign and has licensed them for other advertisers in the years since . Potter said when his auction ends next Monday , February 9 , he hopes to make at least $ 40,000 . He said he would use the money to take a Caribbean vacation -- away from his ringing phone . . CNN 's Laurie Segall and CNN Radio 's April Williams contributed to this report .	Man selling his "  867-5309 " phone number on eBay Digits made famous by 1982 Tommy Tutone hit song Along with phone number , auction winner will get DJ business
CNN  -- The sobbing woman pleads for help in a 911 call . "  There 's a guy breaking in my front door , " she says . The dispatcher repeats : "  There 's a guy breaking in your front door ? " The caller comes back quickly : "  He 's trying to kick it down . " She cries as she tells the dispatcher that the man is yelling . She describes what he 's wearing -- a green shirt and khakis or jeans . As she anxiously awaits police , she repeatedly asks , "  Oh my God , are they almost here ? " The frantic 911 call , released by authorities Tuesday , brought officers to the North Carolina home on Saturday . Minutes later , 12 bullets from one officer 's gun flew toward the 24-year-old unarmed man outside , who authorities now believe had been looking for help after a car accident . Police say the officer hit him 10 times . Now Jonathon Ferrell is dead . And Randall Kerrick , the police officer who shot him , faces a felony charge of voluntary manslaughter . The release of the 911 tape Tuesday is the latest twist in a case that has drawn national attention and calls from some activists to charge the police officer with murder . Police have said Kerrick and two other officers responded to what they believed was a "  breaking and entering " call . When they got to the scene , police say , a man matching the 911 caller 's description ran toward them . Attorney for man 's family : Killing was cold-blooded Attorney Chris Chestnut says that 's when something went terribly wrong . And he says Ferrell 's family members watched a police video on Monday that shows it . Chestnut says the video , filmed from the dashboard of one of the police cruisers on scene , shows a clearly unarmed Ferrell moving forward toward police with his hands out , then panicking as two laser beams hit the center of his chest . "  Then he gets excited , and he 's like -- ` wait , wait , wait ' -- and he 's coming forward saying , ` stop , ' and he goes off camera , and you just hear shots . One , two , three , four ... pause ... one , two , three , four , five , six ... pause . One , two . " Police declined CNN 's request to review the dash-cam video , saying it was sealed as part of the ongoing investigation into the shooting . They have said one of the officers fired his stun gun as Ferrell came toward them . When that was "  unsuccessful , " police said , another officer opened fire . Now police say Kerrick used excessive force and had no cause to shoot Ferrell . "  Our investigation has shown that Officer Kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge his weapon during this encounter , " police said in a statement Monday . They 've charged Kerrick with voluntary manslaughter , a felony . He was released Sunday on $ 50,000 bond . But Chestnut , who watched the video with Ferrell 's family in a meeting with the Charlotte-Mecklenburg police chief on Monday , said there 's only one way to interpret it . "  Cold blooded , " he said . "  Badge or no badge , that 's murder . " Attorney for officer : His actions were justified Michael Green , a defense attorney representing Kerrick , declined to comment on evidence in the case . "  We 're not going to make any general statements about the evidence at this time , as the case is still pending . We 're going to allow this case to be tried in a court of law , " he said . "  However , we 're confident that the resolution of this case will be found that Officer Kerrick 's actions were justified on the night in question . " In a statement to investigators regarding the shooting , Kerrick said he suffered injuries and was assaulted . A probable cause hearing has been set for October 7 . At a news conference Monday , Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe said the department 's hearts go out to Ferrell 's family and to members of the police force . "  This is never something easy , " he said . The police department said in a written statement Monday that the shooting "  has devastated a family as well as caused a great deal of sadness and anxiety in our organization . "  However we must always strive to bring forth all facts and evidence in every case to determine when it is appropriate to place criminal charges against a member of the department , " the news released added . Charlotte police kill ex-FAMU football player CNN 's Josh Levs , Ed Payne and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	"  There 's a guy breaking in my front door , " a woman tells a 911 dispatcher The call brought police to her North Carolina home , where an officer shot the man Now police say the man was unarmed and looking for help after a car crash The officer who shot him is charged with voluntary manslaughter
CNET  -- If you want to consider a difficult computational problem , try thinking of the algorithms required to animate more than 10,000 helium balloons , each with its own string , but each also interdependent on the rest , which are collectively hoisting aloft a small house . The production team at Pixar faced many new technological challenges on "  Up , " its tenth feature film . That was the challenge the production team at Pixar faced when it set out to begin work on "  Up , " its tenth feature film , five years in the works , which hits theaters on Friday . There was absolutely no way the team was going to hand-animate the balloons . Not with their numbers in five-figures , and especially not when you consider that within the cluster , every interaction between two balloons has a ripple effect : If one bumped another , the second would move , likely bumping a third , and so on . And every bit of this would need to be seen on screen . In "  Up , " the story revolves around the main character , 78-year-old Carl Fredricksen , who , frustrated with his mundane life , ties the thousands of balloons to his house and sets off for adventures in South America . A small boy ends up marooned on board , and hilarity ensues . The cluster of balloons is so central to the film 's branding -- it 's called "  Up , " after all -- that to promote the film , Pixar teamed up with two of the world 's cluster ballooning experts for a nationwide tour involving a real-life flying armchair and dozens of huge , colorful balloons . "  You have a movie that 's about a house that flies , which is a pretty far-fetched idea , " said Steve May , the supervising technical director on "  Up . " "  We all know , from kids ' parties , how a bunch of balloons behave , so if we could animate balloons in a realistic way , the believability that the house could fly would sell . " For May , "  Up " producer Jonas Rivera , director Pete Docter , and the many others involved in making the film , believability was key , even within the context of a story about a flying house . And while a major part of instilling that believability must come from a well-conceived and executed story and script , the animation is no less responsible for winning over potentially skeptical audiences . Balloons , the mother of animation invention May said that the animation department at Pixar never even considered hand-animating the balloons . But even standard computer animation would n't be up to the task , because of the N-squared complexity involved in the thousands of interdependent balloons . Instead , the studio 's computer whizzes figured out a way to turn the problem over to a programmed physical simulator , which , employing Newtonian physics , was able to address the animation problem . "  These are relatively simple physical equations , so you program them into the computer and therefore kind of let the computer animate things for you , using those physics , " said May . "  So in every frame of the animation ,  the computer can  literally compute the forces acting on those balloons ,  so  that they 're buoyant , that their strings are attached , that wind is blowing through them . And based on those forces , we can compute how the balloon should move . " This process is known as procedural animation , and is described by an algorithm or set of equations , and is in stark contrast to what is known as key frame animation , in which the animators explicitly define the movement of an object or objects in every frame . Procedural animation has been around for some time , but May suggested that even the most difficult uses of it in the past do n't come close to what Pixar had to achieve in "  Up . " Pixar fans may remember the scenes in "  Cars " of a stadium full of 300,000 car "  fans " cheering on a high-speed race below , each of which was independently animated . That , too , was done with procedural animation , May said , since creating so many cars individually would have been a non-starter . But even that complex computation problem did n't approach the balloon cluster issue in "  Up " : the "  Cars " scene involved no interdependent physics . Getting the simulator humming properly is no easy task , as one might imagine . May said it involves setting rules for how individual objects should behave , giving the computer these initial conditions , and then "  let it run . " Oddly , because the simulator does indeed run with those conditions and rules and the peculiarities of physics , the animators found themselves without precise control of what would happen with the balloons -- or other objects in the film animated using these techniques . "  If the  balloon cluster  is moving too slow , we increase the amount of wind , and then run the simulator again , " May said . "  Then maybe we turn the wind down . It 's a little fun science experiment where sometimes , hopefully by the end , we 're getting what we want . " Losing control of balloons Sometimes , given the vagaries of physics and chaos theory , unexpected things happen . The computer team inputs the rules and because some of the initial conditions are random , "  you get semi-random results . " One of May 's favorite examples is that early in the film , when the house first is hoisted aloft by the balloons , a small group of the balloons actually broke off of the main cluster . May said that this breakaway group of balloons is actually visible -- albeit very briefly -- in "  Up . " Eagle-eyed moviegoers can see the escaped balloons in the upper right-hand side of the screen , he said . "  We did n't mean for that to happen , " he said , "  but  we said  ` It 's cool , let 's keep it . ' " Even being able to make such choices was n't possible at the beginning of the film 's production , however . May said Pixar 's physical simulator , an open-source program called ODE , could n't initially handle the complexity of modeling the behavior of more than 10,000 balloons . "  We could handle about 500  balloons  , and we knew we needed tens of thousands , " he said . "  We knew we needed to develop a new simulator software pipeline ... to handle an order of magnitude more complex simulation . " Of course , at Pixar , adjusting to evolving computer needs on the fly is nothing new . In fact , May said the studio has done so in one form or another on many of its films . For example , he said that when the studio made "  Monsters , Inc. , " it had to figure out how to animate the movie 's monsters ' fur . Similarly , when Pixar made "  Finding Nemo , " the animators had to figure out how to simulate underwater scenes . "  We had to learn about  how light refracts under water  , and murk and how particulates float under water , " May said . And in "  Up , " too , there were additional animation challenges . Among them were figuring out how to animate and render the feathers on Kevin , a bird that is a major character in the film , and how to make the cloth on  main character  Carl 's clothes seem believable . Carl 's threads were "  the hardest clothing we 've ever had to animate here , " said May , "  in part because Carl 's a  small  man in an oversized suit . That was another case of  using  the physical simulation , and of setting up rules for how cloth should behave . And the looser the clothing , the more it can behave badly . " Even Carl himself presented some animation difficulties , May said , because the character 's head is shaped like a cube . Like many other elements in "  Up , " the cube-shape of Carl 's face was n't a random whim of the director . Rather , it is a story element : May explained that Carl 's character is based on someone who , as a young man , was vivacious and adventurous . But as he grew older , his small house became more and more surrounded by buildings , and "  it 's like his world has compressed him into a square . " Thus , a cube-like face . But May said animating his facial expressions , which must fit into this cube shape , was complicated . Smiles , for example , had to come up and wrap around his cheek . Still , for the award-winning filmmakers at Pixar , the goal is to make even the hardest animation problems look simple on the silver screen . As producer Jonas Rivera put it , "  The audience looks at  the balloon cluster  and says , ` Oh , that 's pretty . ' But they have no idea how much work went into it . We worked on that for over a year .  Then  the kid takes off his hat and runs his fingers through his hair . My mother will never know that took 15 people six weeks . "  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Pixar faced many new technological challenges on its film "  Up , " opening Friday The movie is about an old man who flies away on a house lifted by balloons Pixar used a programmed physical simulator to animate thousands of balloons Studio 's goal is to make even the hardest animation problems look simple on screen
CNN  -- Protesters gathered in Iran on Friday for a demonstration to observe an annual holiday that marks the country 's solidarity with Palestinians and calls for the end of Israel occupation . One notable absence was Iranian opposition leader Mehdi Karrubi , whose security force feared for his safety and advised him to stay away , his son said . About 50 people surrounded Karrubi 's home Friday morning -- shooting paint balls and shouting chants against him and the opposition movement , the son said . Attackers targeted his father 's house repeatedly to stop him from participating in Friday 's events , said Mohammad Taghi Karrubi . The opposition leader 's website said his apartment had come under attack four times in four consecutive days . The site said the head of his security team was in a coma after being beaten as he tried to talk with a group of attackers who broke into the apartment complex Thursday . His son told CNN the attackers fired shots , set small fires in the courtyard and lobby and vandalized parts of the building . But around the country Friday , Quds Day demonstrations continued . Large crowds chanted "  Death to Israel " and "  Death to America " in Palestine Square near Tehran University . In the city of Kerman , a man with a loudspeaker chanted the slogans , with the crowd repeating after him . Some were carrying Iranian flags and banners supporting Palestinians while others waved cartoon caricatures of U.S. President Barack Obama . Speaking at Tehran University , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad denounced Israel , repeatedly referring to the "  Zionist regime . " He said this week 's direct Middle East peace talks in Washington were doomed to fail . "  These talks are dead . There is no reason to hold talks , " he said . "  The fate of Palestine will be determined on the ground in Palestine , not in Washington and not in London , " he added . Ahmadinejad said Iranians sympathize with Palestinians . "  We know how hard it is for them to resist , " he said . As he spoke , the crowd chanted , "  Death to Israel . " Security forces lined the streets near Haft-e-Tir Square in central Tehran , and at least two people were detained . There were no reports of opposition clashes . Last year , demonstrators took the streets in anti-government protests , shouting "  Death to the dictator " in particularly tense rallies following the unrest over Iran 's disputed presidential elections in June . Clashes between security forces and protesters were reported around the university during Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's speech last year . On Thursday , Mohammad Taghi Karrubi told CNN that attackers had repeatedly come to his father 's house because he had expressed his desire to take part in Friday 's events . He said he was inside his father 's fifth-floor apartment when about 20 Basij broke into the courtyard Thursday . Several of the men threatened to kill his father , he said . "  When we asked the police to come to help ... nobody came , " he said . Asked who was responsible , he said , "  They are in the name of the Basij , but in my opinion they are hooligans . The government tries to use these hooligans against the opposition and against the people . " Several members of his father 's security team were injured -- but not shot -- and were taken to a hospital , he said . Asked if he and his father planned to attend Quds Day events on Friday , he said , "  Do you think we 'll still be alive tomorrow morning to take part ? " International Quds Day , or "  Jerusalem day " is observed on the last Friday of Ramadan . The government sponsored holiday was established in August 1979 by the late founder Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini shortly after the Islamic Revolution . Khomeini called for all Muslims worldwide to participate in the events that denounce Israel and show support for the Palestinian cause . "  The day for those nations suffering under the pressure of American oppression and oppression by other powers to confront the superpowers ; it is the day when the oppressed should arm themselves against the oppressors , " he said in a speech in August of 1979 . Anti-Zionist demonstrations , parades , and seminars are held in some Muslim and Arab countries , but are especially large in Iran . A senior Iranian commander says the massive participation proves the global support for Palestinians . The Quds Day "  appears to pave the way for the collapse of Israel and its allies , namely the U.S. and Britain , " Brig. Gen. Masoud Jazayeri , the deputy head of Iran 's armed forces joint chiefs of staff , told the Islamic Republic News Agency on Thursday .	NEW : Son says attackers targeted his father 's house repeatedly to stop him from participating Iranian opposition leader does not attend after his security force advises him to stay away Ahmadinejad denounces Israel in a university speech Some protesters are carrying Iranian flags and banners supporting Palestinians in the annual event
CNN  -- Now the Democrats are stepping into the spotlight . With the Republicans packed up from their stormy convention in Tampa , Florida , and back on the campaign trail , the Democrats gather in Charlotte , North Carolina , to explain to Americans why their candidate is a better choice in November . Like Republicans , Democrats must use this high-visibility media opportunity to outline their arguments for the fall . Although President Barack Obama is more of a known commodity than GOP candidate Mitt Romney after three and a half years in the White House , there is still a lot of work for Democrats to do in the coming days . Outside of his strong favorability ratings , polls continue to show that Obama is extremely vulnerable as a result of the slow economic recovery . With so much of the workforce struggling with unemployment and unstable jobs , Romney has a fighting chance . Many Americans are unhappy with what the Democrats have offered . They do n't feel that they are better off in 2012 than they were in 2008 . At their convention , Democrats need to lay out a series of arguments if they are to strengthen their chances of victory . Obama 's personal popularity is not enough under these conditions . Democrats must offer a straightforward , ringing defense of what their president has been able to accomplish . Opinion : Can Obama convince voters to turn to him again ? With Republicans talking about failed leadership , Democrats must seek to show this is not the case . Too often , Democrats have been on the defensive , explaining away the shortcomings of Obama 's legislative legacy or blaming congressional Republicans for the fate of his initiatives . Obama has sometimes been reluctant to tell his side of the story , often responding to Republican criticism rather than laying out his understanding of what has happened . If Democrats are to do well , the president will have to do more than blame President George W. Bush or congressional Republicans , or just warn about what a Romney-Ryan White House would do . For example , Obama could do more to explain how his economic stimulus played an important role in stabilizing economic conditions and investing funds in important programs that will shape the nation 's future . In his new book , "  The New New Deal " , Time correspondent Michael Grunwald argues that the stimulus created over 2 million jobs , prevented a more dire economic collapse , and resulted in billions of dollars being spent on clean energy projects  with the failure of the solar energy company Solyndra really being atypical  , information technology projects  such as rationalizing health care billing  , education programs , and more . Obama must also make a stronger case about what his health care bill will achieve -- such as allowing people under 26 to retain health insurance under their parents ' coverage and preventing companies from denying benefits to those with pre-existing conditions . He will need to connect his programs to a broader economic strategy , explaining how programs like health care -- which the administration argues will lower overall deficits and lower the cost of premiums for individuals and business -- will be important to a robust economic future . In general , Americans like government when they are asked about specific policies but do n't like government in the abstract . For Obama , the lesson is that the more he talks about his record with specifics , the better he will do . Democrats must also offer a bolder defense of government as a necessity for strong economic growth . Democrats continue to be hesitant and reluctant to mount a defense of government . Still seeing themselves as living in the Ronald Reagan era , they try to rebut the charge that they are anti-market . Opinion : Young voters , do n't give up on Obama In his keynote address to the Republican convention , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie argued that "  Our ideas are right for America and their ideas have failed America . " Democrats will need to respond . Recently , Obama sloppily tried to explain how governments have been essential to businesses , but said this in a way that opened him up to attack for being anti-business , leading to the GOP mantra of "  I built this ! " In a fascinating new book entitled "  To Promote the General Welfare : The Case for Big Government , " a group of historians shows how important government has been in almost every area of American life , from our information networks , to our schools , to our transportation , to our homes . In a chapter about housing , the historian Tom Sugrue writes that "  federal housing policies remade the whole landscape of America . Most important , they made possible the rapid expansion of suburbia . " Without a strong government , private markets ca n't thrive . The two go hand in hand . The point is not to say that business people are not responsible for their success , but , rather , that the best business people need a strong foundation on which to build their projects . One ca n't run a successful store if police do n't protect the shop from thieves , if roads are not built and paved so that customers can reach their destination , if tax incentives are not in place to alleviate some of the costs that the owner must shoulder . The last argument that Democrats , and especially President Obama , must make is that he has not given up on his vision of changing the way that politics works . When Obama ran in 2008 , Americans were excited about the possibility of a politician who would transcend the old politics and devote political capital to fixing a broken process . But in Mitt Romney 's acceptance speech , the Republican candidate asked , "  If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama , should n't you feel that way now that he 's President Obama ? " Obama must respond . His promise was not just one of bipartisanship , but a promise to look seriously at the flaws in our political system . Unfortunately , Obama abandoned many of those goals . Even worse , as a result of both parties walking away from the public finance system that came out of the Watergate scandal , and a series of court decisions , the 2012 campaign has turned into an orgy of campaign contributors , on both sides of the aisle , funneling millions of dollars into advertising . There is so much unregulated money floating around this campaign that it seems likely to produce a major scandal . We 're living in a political atmosphere comparable to a film where viewers can clearly see something bad is about to happen , but the characters remain oblivious to what surrounds them . While a speech about change wo n't work , because Obama now represents the status quo , he and other Democrats should talk about one or two specific ideas for dealing with the hurricane of money that has hit our political shores . John King : To win , Obama must make history again Even if many Americans still do n't like Mitt Romney , and the tea party Republicans make it hard for the GOP to appeal to the center of the electorate , Democrats , with this economy , have a million points of vulnerability . They need to offer Americans something more than the status quo , something more than an alternative to what Democrats call radical conservatism . They need to offer Americans policies they can believe in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Democrats hold their political convention this week in Charlotte , North Carolina Julian Zelizer says it 's vital that Democrats respond to the charges made by the GOP He says Obama ca n't rely on blaming Bush or warning what a Romney White House would do Zelizer : Obama should strongly defend his record , including stimulus , health care law
CNN  -- Back in January , Vice President Joe Biden summed up President Obama 's first term with : "  Osama Bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive . " At the time , the Obama campaign sought to emphasize the president 's record in foreign policy and saving the auto industry . Last week , the campaign unveiled a new theme and sent Biden to Ohio to test it out . For the first time , Biden called the Republican contenders by name and said that they would "  bankrupt the middle class . " The campaign is now more focused on the economy , highlighting the difference between the president 's "  promoting the private sector " and the GOP 's "  promoting the privileged sector . " The president 's political fortunes have improved , but voters are fickle . Voters applauded George H.W. Bush for winning the Gulf War in 1991 ; then after an economic slump , they fired him in 1992 . If the economy keeps getting better and if President Obama seems to be on top of world affairs , then he will indeed win . Conversely , if the recovery stalls or if he botches a foreign crisis , then he will probably lose . So how do things look ? Although unemployment remains high , it has come down from its peak levels . Other economic indicators are pointing in the right direction , too . In the past three years , for instance , the Dow Jones has increased by about 70 % . On the global scene , President Obama has pulled out of Iraq . As tough as the war in Afghanistan may be , it has not cost nearly as many American lives as Korea or Vietnam . In any case , the administration is planning to withdraw . All told , things are n't great , but they were worse a few years ago . That 's hardly an inspiring slogan , but the reality may be sufficient for the president to get a second term . Here 's the rub : Reality can suddenly turn bad . In the middle of his term , President Carter seemed a decent bet to win re-election . The economy was doing OK , and he had brought the Egyptians and Israelis together at the Camp David Summit . Then the revolution in Iran disrupted oil supplies , hiking gasoline prices and triggering an economic recession . The Iranian hostage crisis initially prompted Americans to rally around their president , but as it dragged on , his approval ratings sank . Although the current situation in Iran is n't identical , there are enough similarities to trouble the White House . Uncertainty has driven up pump prices , which have slowed the rise in the president 's poll numbers . As Newt Gingrich says , "  You ca n't buy enough advertising to offset driving past a gas station . " A nuclear Iran would put the president 's diplomatic skills to the test . If he failed , he would pay a steep price on Election Day . So sunshine means political victory and dark skies mean defeat . But consider the partly cloudy scenario , where the news is bad enough to put the outcome in doubt but not so terrible as to ensure the president 's ouster . In such cases , messaging comes into play . It might move only a point or two , but in an otherwise 50-50 election , that margin can make the difference . President Obama 's habitual response to policy problems is to say that "  there is no silver bullet . " He should drop that line , since it sounds defeatist . And werewolves are the only ones that like hearing there are no silver bullets . Instead , the classic political strategy is to go on the attack . As Richard Nixon put it : "  Politics is battle , and the best way to fire up your troops is to rally them against a visible opponent on the other side of the field . " For Democrats , this advice means painting the GOP candidate as the heartless instrument of the wealthiest 1 % . We are already hearing such rhetoric . For President Obama , however , there is a catch . During the 2008 campaign , he collected millions in campaign contributions from the 1 % . This time out , some of them are shutting their checkbooks to him . Moreover , the rhetoric of rich versus poor can lead to awkward moments . Recently , Vice President Biden accused the GOP of not caring about the middle class . Critics noted that he made the remarks at a $ 10,000-per-couple fundraiser . This kind of back-and-forth will count only if conditions produce a close election . A big margin on either side will depend largely on the economy and grand issues of war and peace . Reality trumps rhetoric . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John J. Pitney , Jr. .	Vice president Joe Biden pitches to voters , "  Osama Bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive " John J. Pitney Jr. : Presidential elections turn mostly on the big things : economy , war and peace He says that in a close election , rhetoric can affect the margin of difference He says that at the end of the day , reality trumps rhetoric
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The two men running Michael Jackson 's estate gained new powers and an extension of their authority until the end of the year in a court hearing Friday . An investigator 's report said Michael Jackson 's children are doing well with Katherine Jackson as their guardian . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff also accepted an investigator 's report that said Jackson 's three children are adjusting well under the guardianship of Katherine Jackson . "  It looks like the children are really doing wonderfully with their grandmother guardian , " Beckloff said . Joe Jackson sat in the courtroom for the hearing on estate and custody matters . It was the first time Michael Jackson 's father has attended the hearings since his son 's June 25 death . John Branca and John McClain , named as executors of Jackson 's 2002 will , have been handling the estate 's business as temporary special administrators since July while the will probate process is completed . Branca was a longtime attorney for Michael Jackson , who was rehired by the pop star just a week before his death , according to estate lawyer Howard Weitzman . McClain is a former music industry executive who worked with Jackson for years . Katherine Jackson 's challenge of Branca and McClain appears headed for a trial in December , unless an agreement is reached between them . Her lawyers have not publicly given their objections to the two men , but have suggested the trial would explore possible conflicts of interest that would prevent them from running the estate . Jackson 's lawyers have also said a Jackson family member should be included as an executor . While Joe Jackson did not speak to reporters after the hearing , a Jackson family friend , Majestik Magnificent , talked about the special administrators . "  Why are they even here ? Why are they even involved in this ? This is a family affair , " he said . Until now , the administrators had to ask for court approval for every agreement they made for the estate , including a deal for a movie that will hit theaters at the end of October . "  Things went well for the estate , because the estate can now continue to do it 's business , " Weitzman said after the hearing . Beckloff said that while the case is fascinating , his calendar is too full for him to be involved in all of the estate 's business . With their new powers , the special administrators only have to notify the court and the Jacksons about deals . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children , along with unnamed charities , are the beneficiaries of the estate , which is estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars . An odd moment came in the hearing when a woman who has previously filed a papers claiming to be the mother of Michael Jackson 's youngest child , Prince Michael II , spoke up to remind the judge she was there . She says her name is Billie Jean Jackson . At the end of the hearing , Joe Jackson approached her , but she frowned at him and walked away . Majestik Magnificent later wondered aloud why reporters even give any attention to "  crazy " people surrounding the case .	Judge extends Michael Jackson administrators ' powers until the end of the year Administrators of estate do n't need to have court approval for every decision Joe Jackson attends court hearing for the first time since son 's death
CNN  -- In his essay "  The Myth of Sisyphus , " Albert Camus writes , "  Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy . " It is not a question we like to think about . The default assumption is that life is always worth living , that it is sacred and should be treated as such . When that assumption is challenged , we find ourselves confused , afraid and -- in some cases -- angry . The new HBO film "  You Do n't Know Jack " probably wo n't spur serious investigation of the fundamental question . This biopic of Jack Kevorkian , the infamous "  Dr. Death , " may not add anything new to the physician-assisted suicide argument , but it does remind us of a time not too long ago when we were forced to consider where we stand on the matter . And for many of us , where we stand is anything but firm ground . We believe in choice . We believe in self-determination . In fact , we prize them ; we promote them ; we preach about them . There are n't a lot of situations in which we 're willing to take choice away from people , even if they would benefit from it . My research suggests that Americans hold on tighter to choice than just about anyone else . In one study , my collaborators Simona Botti and Kristina Orfali and I interviewed French and American parents who were coping with a tragic loss . Each couple had recently lost a severely ill baby after life support had been removed . In France , the doctors made the decision to remove life support ; in America , the parents had the final say . The outcome was the same for all the parents , so did they have similar reactions ? Even up to a year later , the American parents expressed a great deal more negative emotion than the French parents . The French made statements like this : "  Noah was here for so little time , but he gave us so much , a new perspective on life . " American parents , by contrast , said things like , "  I keep thinking to myself , ` What if I had chosen differently ? ' I feel as though I 've played a role in an execution . " Although the American parents were more miserable having made the choice themselves , they would not contemplate doing otherwise . When they were asked whether they would have preferred to have the doctor make the decision , they all said no . They felt trapped by choice , and yet they insisted on it . If we can choose to take others off life support , choose to forgo medical treatment for ourselves , choose not to be resuscitated , and if these are choices we passionately defend , why do we balk at the choice of assisted suicide ? There is legitimate concern about the potential for abuse , but we 're tripped up by more than just the practical problems . We ask , "  Does n't assisted suicide devalue life ? " We express what we ca n't quite articulate by saying that it feels wrong . In an interview with Barbara Walters , as shown in the film , Kevorkian argues that medical practices often seem wrong before they become right . He says that ether was n't used as an anesthetic for hundreds of years , that patients remained awake during surgery , "  because of the foolish notion that there 's a God Almighty who wills us to suffer . " Whether this is a fact or not , there is truth in it ; we want our suffering to have purpose . According to Camus , "  Living , naturally , is never easy . You continue making the gestures commanded by existence for many reasons , the first of which is habit . Dying voluntarily implies that you have recognized , even instinctively , the ridiculous character of that habit , the absence of any profound reason for living , the insane character of that daily agitation , and the uselessness of suffering . " When we reject assisted suicide , we reject that "  recognition . " We need the habit of life to have meaning , we need suffering to have meaning , and we certainly need death to have meaning . And we think of choice as a way of making meaning , not taking it away . Actively choosing to die -- leaving no part of it to chance or other forces -- strikes us as not only devaluing life but devaluing death and devaluing choice . In order to have a serious conversation about assisted suicide , we may need to accept that sometimes choice , death and the choice of death do n't lead to or reveal anything greater . I do n't know if we 're ready for that . I do n't know if we should be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheena Iyengar .	Sheena Iyengar : Most of us think life is always worth living ; assisted suicide challenges that HBO film "  You Do n't Know Jack , " about Jack Kevorkian , shows people choosing to die Americans believe in choice and self-determination more than anyone else , Iyengar says She writes that Americans see choosing to die as devaluing choice and life
MOSCOW , Russia -- President Obama arrived in Moscow on Monday for a summit with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev aimed at trying to "  reset " the U.S.-Russian relationship . But he also may have a less publicized goal : figuring out who 's really in charge here . President Obama , right , and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev walk by an honor guard in Moscow on Monday . When Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , engaged in his first summit with his Russian counterpart , things took an odd turn . Bush said -- now infamously -- that he looked into then-President Vladimir Putin 's eyes and saw into his soul , and basically found he was a good guy that Americans could do business with . Oops . The Bush-Putin relationship ended up getting pretty chilly , which is why the new U.S. president is now trying to warm things up . Obama gets his first shot at literally looking into Putin 's eyes Tuesday , when he has a sitdown with the man who is now prime minister of Russia , a post that many international analysts believe allows Putin to continue to pull the strings behind the scenes . Obama 's outreach to Medvedev started sooner , their first meeting coming back in April at the G-20 summit in London , and it 's been bearing some fruit for Obama . Russia recently signed on to sanctions against North Korea , and this week both sides will officially announce that Russia has agreed to let U.S. military equipment headed for Afghanistan fly over Russian territory . Watch Obamas arrive in Russia " Both sides are also hoping to announce significant cuts in nuclear arms , though there are still major hurdles to clear , such as Russian suspicions about U.S. plans for a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe . In an interview with The Associated Press late last week , Obama seemed to be trying to work through the sticking points by driving a bit of a wedge between Medvedev and Putin . "  The old Cold War approaches to U.S.-Russia relations is outdated and that it 's time to move forward in a different direction , " said Obama . "  I think Medvedev understands that . I think Putin has one foot in the old ways of doing business and one foot in the new . " Ouch . If he wants to accomplish some key goals in Moscow , such as winning Russian cooperation in dealing with Iran 's nuclear program , why would Obama fire a rhetorical shot like that at Putin -- if , in fact , he 's really in charge here ? It could be that Obama is trying to flex his muscles a bit for American domestic political consumption to show he 's not rolling over to Russia , amid Republican charges that he 's soft on foreign policy . It 's a move Putin knows well , having perfected the art of flexing his muscles at then-President Bush as a way of asserting Russian nationalism in recent years . Watch Russian students talk about Obama 's visit " Whatever the intention of Obama 's words , the back and forth with Putin is a reminder of the high stakes here . Of course , the president 's second stop in Italy for the G-8 summit will be important too , with a packed agenda including Iran , the financial crisis , climate change and eradicating world poverty . The first African-American president 's third and final stop at the end of the week in Ghana will also get wide international attention . But it 's this first stop where Obama will get a big diplomatic test as he juggles , among many issues , who 's really in charge here .	President Obama meets with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Monday Tuesday , he meets Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who some say is really in charge Obama seems to be driving a bit of a wedge between the two , says CNN 's Ed Henry Moscow meetings will be a big diplomatic test for Obama , Henry says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Demonstrators shouting "  Death to the dictator " clashed with police in Iran on Monday as students took to the streets to mark a key national anniversary , witnesses said . At least two clashes occurred at Revolution Square , where police attacked demonstrators with batons and chased them onto side streets , witnesses said . A large number of security forces ringed Tehran University , where the gates were shut and large crowds inside also chanted "  Death to the dictator , " the witnesses reported . Pro-government crowds also inside the university chanted slogans and waved the flag of the Islamic Republic , witnesses said . The witnesses asked not to be identified out of concerns for security . CNN could not independently verify the reports . The Iranian government did not allow members of the international media witness any possible protests this week . The state-operated Press TV acknowledged the protests . "  A number of anti-government protesters attempted to hijack the occasion to hold rallies in Tehran . Their efforts were foiled by the presence of security forces which are deployed in several parts of the capital , " an anchor said while the station showed images of pro-government demonstrations . The demonstrations are being held on Student Day , an annual observance when Tehran extolls the virtues of the Islamic Revolution . The holiday commemorates three university students killed in 1953 by security forces of the Western-backed Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the shah of Iran . He was toppled from power during the revolution two decades later . The students this year are demonstrating against the disputed June 12 presidential election . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner in what protesters say was a rigged election . The election result was met with nationwide protests and the imprisonment of hundreds of demonstrators . Allegations of torture , rape and other abuses have since emerged . Ongoing prosecutions of protesters have resulted in death sentences for some . Since the election , other key anniversaries have met with protests against the current leadership . Protesters and police clashed November 4 , the anniversary of the 1979 siege of the U.S. Embassy in Iran . In September , demonstrators took to the streets in protest on Quds Day , an annual event that is meant to show Iran 's solidarity with Palestinians . On Monday , police manned major intersections . Shopkeepers , fearing violence , shuttered storefronts . As the protests got under way , Iranian security and paramilitary forces tear-gassed , beat and arrested students on university campuses , said a group called the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . According to the human rights organization , protests have taken place at the following universities in Tehran : Amir Kabir , Tehran , Sharif , Elm va Sanaat , Honar , Tehran Markaz , Sureh , and Tehran Shomal . Protests also have taken place at universities in Isfahan , Kermanshah , Shiraz , Mashhad and Tabriz , and at Agricultural University of Karaj , the rights group said . Security forces fired plastic bullets at students and protesters outside the Amir Kabir campus , said the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . The organization 's reports could not be independently verified . In central Tehran , plumes of smoke rose from a large garbage bin that had been set on fire , witnesses told CNN .	Authorities prepare for gatherings that could turn into demonstrations against elections Students Day marks anniversary of 1953 killing of three students by shah 's security forces Day is also a "  symbol of Iran 's struggle against tyranny , " says ILNA news agency
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As he awaits a crucial progress report on Iraq , President Bush will try to put a twist on comparisons of the war to Vietnam by invoking the historical lessons of that conflict to argue against pulling out . President Bush pauses Tuesday during a news conference at the North American Leaders summit in Canada . On Wednesday in Kansas City , Missouri , Bush will tell members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars that "  then , as now , people argued that the real problem was America 's presence and that if we would just withdraw , the killing would end , " according to speech excerpts released Tuesday by the White House . "  Three decades later , there is a legitimate debate about how we got into the Vietnam War and how we left , " Bush will say . "  Whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of Vietnam is that the price of America 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' " the president will say . The president will also make the argument that withdrawing from Vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising U.S. credibility , citing a quote from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden that the American people would rise against the Iraq war the same way they rose against the war in Vietnam , according to the excerpts . "  Here at home , some can argue our withdrawal from Vietnam carried no price to American credibility , but the terrorists see things differently , " Bush will say . On Tuesday , Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said , "  President Bush 's attempt to compare the war in Iraq to past military conflicts in East Asia ignores the fundamental difference between the two . Our nation was misled by the Bush Administration in an effort to gain support for the invasion of Iraq under false pretenses , leading to one of the worst foreign policy blunders in our history . "  While the President continues to stay-the-course with his failed strategy in Iraq , paid for by the taxpayers , American lives are being lost and there is still no political solution within the Iraqi government . It is time to change direction in Iraq , and Congress will again work to do so in the fall . " The White House is billing the speech , along with another address next week to the American Legion , as an effort to "  provide broader context " for the debate over the upcoming Iraq progress report by Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander , and Ryan Crocker , the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad . President Bush has frequently asked lawmakers -- and the American people -- to withhold judgment on his troop "  surge " in Iraq until the report comes out in September . Watch Bush criticize the Iraqi government " It is being closely watched on Capitol Hill , particularly by Republicans nervous about the political fallout from an increasingly unpopular war . Earlier this month , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he would wait for the report before deciding when a drawdown of the 160,000 U.S. troops in Iraq might begin . Bush 's speeches Wednesday and next week are the latest in a series of attempts by the White House to try to reframe the debate over Iraq , as public support for the war continues to sag . A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that almost two-thirds of Americans -- 64 percent -- now oppose the Iraq war , and 72 percent say that even if Petraeus reports progress , it wo n't change their opinion . The poll also found a great deal of skepticism about the report ; 53 percent said they do not trust Petraeus to give an accurate assessment of the situation in Iraq . In addition to his analogy to Vietnam , Bush in Wednesday 's speech will invoke other historical comparisons from Asia , including the U.S. defeat and occupation of Japan after World War II and the Korean War in the 1950s , according to the excerpts . "  In the aftermath of Japan 's surrender , many thought it naive to help the Japanese transform themselves into a democracy . Then , as now , the critics argued that some people were simply not fit for freedom , " Bush will say . "  Today , in defiance of the critics , Japan ... stands as one of the world 's great free societies . " Speaking about the Korean War , Bush will note that at the time "  critics argued that the war was futile , that we never should have sent our troops in , or that America 's intervention was divisive here at home . " "  While it is true that the Korean War had its share of challenges , America never broke its word , " Bush will say . "  Without America 's intervention during the war , and our willingness to stick with the South Koreans after the war , millions of South Koreans would now be living under a brutal and repressive regime . " E-mail to a friend	President Bush to address the Veterans of Foreign Wars on Wednesday Bush to say that withdrawing from Vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists Speech will be latest White House attempt to try to reframe the debate over Iraq
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Like cholera itself , Haiti 's protests against the United Nations spread Thursday to the capital , Port-au-Prince , as angry people took to the streets demanding the global body get out of their country . Similar demonstrations erupted earlier this week in the northern coastal city of Cap-Haitien after assertions that U.N. peacekeepers from Nepal were responsible for starting the cholera outbreak that has claimed more than 1,100 lives and spread to eight of the nation 's 10 departments . The United Nations has denied that its forces were responsible for the outbreak . In Port-au-Prince on Thursday , a planned protest began peacefully in the center of the city but turned violent as it moved toward the presidential palace , with one woman overcome by tear gas , witnesses said . At the central square , Champs de Mars Plaza , several hundred young men moving in a pack blocked traffic by setting fire to tires in the street and overturning Dumpsters . Several threw rocks at a campaign poster for presidential candidate Jude Celestin , whose candidacy has been endorsed by outgoing president Rene Preval . Others threw Molotov cocktails at the poster . Some Haitians have said Celestin is a symbol of what is not working in the country , and that Preval 's endorsement of him means the election -- set for November 28 -- will not be fair . Near the presidential palace , which was destroyed in the January 12 earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people and left more than 1 million homeless , stores were closed and few cars were in the streets , though pedestrians were moving about freely . A sprawling makeshift tent city that is home to thousands of people who lost their homes in the quake is located in the area . "  The Haitian government is never do nothing for us , " said Pierre Aliodor , a protester who lives in the camp . "  And we know the international government is still spending a lot of money for the Haitian people . But Preval , with his government , he still keeps their money to take back to the United States to buy some house . " Since the earthquake struck , neither he nor his wife had received any help from the government or from any of the many nongovernmental organizations that are in Haiti , Aliodor said . Aliodor called for elections to be delayed . "  This is not election time , " he said , adding that both Preval and the U.N. forces should depart , "  because they are not good for the Haitian people . " In another part of town , dozens of Haitians -- most of them young and male -- attacked a government tractor that was being used to clear barricades blocking the streets . In addition to the 1,110 reported cholera deaths , another 18,382 people have been hospitalized with the disease , the health ministry reported . The hospital death rate was 4.0 percent , far above the none to 1.0 percent that infectious disease experts said they expect in developed countries . In Washington , Mark Ward , the acting director of the Office of U.S. Foreign Disaster Assistance at the U.S. Agency for International Development , said U.S. authorities have "  a lot of confidence " in the Haitian government 's response to the outbreak . The U.S. government strategy for aid in Haiti is to focus on prevention , he said , citing the need for clean drinking water , the addition of chlorine to the water supply , the ready availability of oral rehydration salts , education of the populace about how to protect themselves from getting the disease , and money to expand treatment centers . "  We 're going to invest a lot of money in their health system in the next five years , " said Thomas C. Adams , special coordinator for Haiti . "  Every hour that the efforts of medical and relief workers are obstructed means more deaths of Haitians from cholera , " said Dr. Mirta Roses , director of the Pan American Health Organization  PAHO  . "  We understand the frustration of many Haitians with the tragic situation that has developed as a result of systemic poverty , the January earthquake and now the cholera epidemic . But relief and medical workers are as critical to saving lives as rescue teams were after the earthquake . " In Cap-Haitien , a cholera treatment center at the main stadium is being operated by Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors without Borders . Before the recent unrest , the organization was planning to open another center in a different part of town , said Dr. Lea Guido , PAHO representative in Port-au-Prince . On Wednesday alone , the center took in 100 patients . PAHO said the unrest had led it and other United Nations agencies to discontinue much of their work supporting cholera treatment centers , training health personnel , and delivering supplies to affected communities . "  The last shipment of medical supplies was delivered over the weekend , and we had to postpone distribution planned for Monday , " said Guido . "  The airport was closed , and many roads remain blocked . We have not been able to ship new supplies to the area at all this week . " Beginning Monday , residents of Cap-Haitien , which has been hard hit by the outbreak , began demonstrations against U.N. peacekeepers . The northern port city is in the North Department , the Haitian province that has the highest fatality rate from cholera , 7.5 percent . "  Experience shows that without access to health care , the rate could rise to as much as five times that figure , " PAHO said in a statement . Health workers at Hopital Universitaire , the city 's main hospital , treated at least six patients with gunshot wounds . "  MINUSTAH shot them , " said a man pushing a wheelbarrow holding one of the wounded . He was referring to the U.N. forces in Haiti by their acronym . At Cap-Haitien 's Justinien Hospital , Dr. Wilton Cheruben told CNN that 37 people with bullet wounds had been treated between Monday and Wednesday night . The victims included a 9-year-old and a 14-year-old who were shot in the mouth ; a 6-year-old was shot in the back and an 11-year-old was shot in the arm , he said . "  Right now , we do n't have any anesthetics , and the people really need some help , " he said . In Cap-Haitien , PAHO staff members have been confined to their living quarters since Monday . Roses said Thursday it was impossible to identify the origins of the epidemic in Haiti "  with currently available data . " Rita Colwell , a cholera expert at the University of Maryland in College Park and the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , said the reported links between the outbreak and peacekeepers is not based on evidence . "  The evidence is not clear at all to be making any charge whatsoever for importing the disease , " she said . "  We 've been jumping to conclusions without evidence , without facts . " U.N. officials said the demonstrations have disrupted logistical operations , including the supply of clean water and proper sanitation . The U.N. 's World Food Programme reported that one of its warehouses had been looted and that food supplies were burned . The private charity Oxfam suspended water chlorination projects and other private charities pulled out of the Cap Haitien area . U.N. staffers have suggested the violence is politically motivated and said it 's especially troubling just ahead of Haiti 's presidential elections . Journalists Dmitri Foucard and Osman Jean Junior contributed to this story from Port-au-Prince	Demonstrators blame U.N. peacekeepers for the cholera outbreak Protests have been ongoing in the northern city of Cap-Haitien Aid agencies say the protests are hampering treatment
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Singer Natalie Cole underwent kidney transplant surgery at a Los Angeles , California , hospital Tuesday , according to a statement from her publicist . Natalie Cole holds one of the Grammys she received in February for "  Still Unforgettable . " Cole , daughter of legendary singer-actor Nat King Cole , has been receiving kidney dialysis three times a week since September , the statement said . Cole was "  resting comfortably " at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , it said . "  Ms. Cole 's physicians have advised her to postpone her summer tour dates as she recuperates for the next three to four months , " it said . Rescheduled concert dates will be announced soon for Cole 's tour , which is in support of her current double-Grammy-winning CD , "  Still Unforgettable . "	Natalie Cole underwent kidney transplant surgery Tuesday Singer has been receiving kidney dialysis since September Grammy-winning Cole scheduled a tour for CD "  Still Unforgettable "
WIRED  -- Dropbox is trying out a neat new feature that will give it magical Photo Stream-like abilities . Everybody 's favorite cloud-storage app has added photo and video import . In a new "  Experimental Forum Build " of the app for Windows , Mac and Linux , photos and videos will be slurped up from any memory card or camera connected to the computer . These will then be sent spinning off to the DropBox servers , ready for access by all your other Dropbox-connected devices . There have already been some well reasoned complaints over in the Dropbox forums . For instance , some people might take so many photos that they do n't want them all clogging up their limited cloud storage . This feature also adds complexity to the Dropbox application itself , when it 's already pretty easy to have a third-party app store selected photos inside your Dropbox folder . On the other hand , anything that makes backing up photos easier can only be a good thing . And as most nerds are at home right now enjoying Mom 's home cooking , might n't it be a good idea to make sure Mom 's precious photos are also stored somewhere a little safer than the hard drive of her rickety old PC ? I think it 's a great idea , although I wo n't be recommending the feature to my parents until it makes it into an official non-beta build . And Dropbox has one big advantage over the current version of iCloud 's Photo Stream : You can delete those embarrassing Christmas photos . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Dropbox has added photo and video import to its app Photos and videos will be slurped up from any memory card or camera This feature also adds complexity to the Dropbox application itself
CNN  -- It has been said that health policy is too important to be left solely to doctors , because the determinants of health lie mainly outside the medical care system . For complementary reasons I would say that economic policy is too important to be left solely to economists . The effects of economic policy are much more than economic , health principally among them . In fact , so close is the link between social and economic policy and health , that health can serve as an evaluator of policy , a kind of social accountant . Arguably , we value health more than we value growth in the gross domestic product . Health as a social accountant is highly relevant to debates about macroeconomic policy in the wake of the global financial crisis . My caricature of what passes for debate on macro-economic policy is that austerians believe that national debt has to be reduced in order to get economic growth . Keynesians believe that you have to get economic growth in order to reduce debt . Therefore , a booming economy , not an ailing one , is the time for government to spend less . As a non-economist , my solution to the debate is to look not at which policy leads more quickly to economic growth , but at the effect of policy on the lives people are able to lead , and thus on their health . Whatever good economic effects the authors of policies of austerity imagine them to have , their effects on the lives of young people in Europe have been disastrous . There is little doubt that policies of austerity have contributed to youth unemployment in large numbers . Recent figures show unemployment rates of 15 to 24-year-olds are 36 % in Portugal , more than 41 % in Italy , almost 60 % in Greece and almost 58 % Spain . By contrast , the figure is just over 11 % in the Netherlands and under 8 % in Germany . Perhaps some of these young people in Southern Europe are in "  informal " employment , and should n't be counted as unemployed . Even so , there is still a major issue of youth unemployment . It is little use politicians lecturing school leavers to stop being layabouts and get a job , if the jobs are not there . Arguably , policies of austerity make job opportunities more scarce . Youth unemployment matters for at least three reasons . First , unemployment is bad for mental and physical health . Looking across Europe , in general the higher the unemployment rate of a country the higher the suicide rate , and the homicide rate . Far from unemployment being a lifestyle choice , people dislike it so much they are more likely to kill themselves , and each other . The short term effects of unemployment are on mental health . In the longer term , physical health is damaged . In the 1980s economic downturn in Britain , there was clear evidence that unemployment was associated with an increase in mortality of about 20 % , compared with people in the same occupational class . Second , young people who leave education for the scrap heap are in danger of never getting gainful employment with any security . The implication is a life of social marginality , including social isolation , poverty and homelessness -- all of which are bad for health . Throw into the mix the fact that the unemployed have worse diets , are more likely to smoke , and may suffer from the effects of alcohol and drugs , and you have a potent recipe for ill-health . Third , ill-effects on health are correlated with other unfortunate social consequences . The riots that scarred London in the summer of 2011 began in Tottenham . I had been citing Tottenham as having the worst male life expectancy in London , 18 years shorter than that in affluent Kensington and Chelsea . What a coincidence that the riots should have started in Tottenham , and not in Kensington and Chelsea . Of 1,000 young rioters going through magistrate courts , 91.4 % were not in education , employment or training . Why would a young person with a job , or in education , or training , want to riot and loot , when they have a stake in the future ? I do not believe in counsels of despair . The problem of youth unemployment and health is soluble . One strategy is to deal with youth unemployment by making it a prime consideration for macro-economic policy . Other things equal , as economists love to say , do not pursue policies that throw young people on the scrapheap . A complementary strategy is to pursue active labor market policies that have the twin strategy of reasonable unemployment benefits and mechanisms to help young people into training or employment . Evidence from across Europe suggests that the greater the investment in active labor market policies the less effect unemployment has on suicide rates . An economic policy to prevent mental illness ? As a public health doctor I would recommend it . READ MORE : CNN Money : The Future of Health Care Unemployment is hard on the heart , and the harm may add up Unemployment takes tough mental toll Why we need a ` leg-up ' state Davos and its dictionary diplomacy The world 's most exclusive gathering What 's your economic mood ? How much does it cost to go ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Marmot .	Michael Marmot says austerity has increased youth unemployment in Europe Marmot argues that unemployment is bad for mental and physical health He says resulting social marginality , poverty and homelessness harm health Unemployment should be a key consideration in macro-economic policy , Marmot says
London  CNN  -- The five surviving Monty Python members on Thursday announced their comeback performance in London next year , and fans are eagerly anticipating which vintage sketches will be dusted off for another airing . But their combined age of 357 years has taken its toll , and it remains to be seen how the comedians ' aging bodies stand up to the often slapstick nature of Python sketches . One that John Cleese is unlikely to perform is the swivel-limbed "  Ministry of Silly Walks , " due to what he says are his ailing hips and knees . Cleese says the show at the O2 Arena on July 1 will have some new material , but many old bits -- some featured in perhaps new ways -- that fans will expect , along with "  comedy , pathos , music and a tiny bit of ancient sex . " "  I remember going to the Royal Albert Hall and seeing Neil Diamond where he got booed in the second half for singing new numbers . People really do want to see the old hits , but we do n't want to do them exactly in a predictable way , so it 's going to be a mix-up , I think , " Cleese adds . Asked what he believes the modern twist will be , Terry Gilliam replies : "  The fact that we can actually still walk and stand upright . " While the Python stars say they hope the new performance will appeal to a new generation of fans , they are brazen enough to admit that money was one of the main factors in their decision to reform for the first time since 1980 . "  I hope it makes us a lot of money . I hope to be able to pay off my mortgage ! " Terry Jones said days before Thursday 's high-octane news conference at which the five Pythons announced they will perform at the O2 -- the world 's biggest-grossing concert venue . Michael Palin adds that "  money was part of it . " But as the five aging comedians lumber onto the stage at the Playhouse Theatre in central London , it is evident how much mutual regard they still have , despite often-fractious years working together and three decades apart . "  We may not like each other , but we make each other laugh , " Cleese reflects . The show will be the first time Cleese , Jones , Gilliam , Palin and Eric Idle have performed together since the death of Graham Chapman from cancer in 1989 . His presence will be sorely missed -- by both audience and stars . "  We 've told him he 'll be on with us , " Idle says , not entirely in jest , "  and if there is a God , he 'll turn up . " There 'll be a nurse on hand just in case of emergencies , he adds quickly . Despite the show being billed as "  a final reunion " and "  one down , five to go , " the comedians say a world tour may follow "  depending on how long Eric and Mike live for , " Cleese jokes . When the pair protest , saying they believe the deaths could occur in alphabetical order , he quips : "  In your dreams Gilliam . " The longevity of Python -- and excitement the reunion has stirred up among fans appears to have taken the five Pythons by surprise . "  No one expected this to be more than a Sunday night show at the BBC , " Idle says , referring to the first TV broadcast in 1969 . Forty-five episodes and five films later , the Pythons are comic legends , with their legions of fans around the world able to recite every line of their scripts word-perfect . "  I 'm just shocked and amazed " at the reaction to the reunion , he says , adding that he thought they 'd waited "  until demand had died down . " The Python shows mostly consisted of a string of barely coherent sketches , often lacking conventional punch lines and loosely tied together by Gilliam 's stream of consciousness animations . The group dressed as old ladies , as transvestite lumberjacks , performed sketches about pompous middle-class men , used catchphrases such as "  And now for something completely different , " and sang ditties such as "  Spam , spam , spam , spam , spam , spam , spam , spam ... " Some of the material has never been performed on stage before , and the group says fans could expect the crunching frog sketch , a version of the dead parrot sketch and the Spanish Inquisition . Other material "  they hope people will have forgotten , so it 'll appear new , " Idle adds . The sketches still make them laugh , despite the passing of time , Palin says . "  We had a read-through of all the material , which to me was far more anxiety-inducing than the press conference . But it 's still funny . The show is going to be spectacular . " Python has appeal around the world , he believes , because "  it 's seen as physical but not topical - it does n't require knowledge of British politics or way of life . It 's just quite jolly ! " CNN 's Max Foster , David Wilkinson and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	Fans eagerly awaiting return of Monty Python stars for first time in three decades Money a factor in Pythons ' decision to reform , according to Terry Jones John Cleese says his ailing limbs unlikely to stand up to ` Ministry of Silly Walks ' Some of the material has never been performed on stage before
CNN  -- Iraq 's presidency council Thursday approved the U.S.-Iraq security agreement -- the final step for the agreement to be ratified by the Iraqi government , a council spokesman said . The pact allows the presence of American troops in Iraq for three more years . U.S. soldiers gather at the "  Crossed Swords " in Baghdad 's secure Green Zone on Tuesday . The three-member presidency council -- Kurdish President Jalal Talabani , Shiite Vice President Adel Abdul Mehdi and Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi -- approved the agreement unanimously a week after the Iraqi parliament passed the measure . Under the Iraqi constitution , unanimous approval by the presidency council is required for ratification of a law or agreement . The security pact will replace a U.N. mandate for the U.S. presence in Iraq that expires at the end of this year . The agreement , reached after months of negotiations , sets June 30 , 2009 , as the deadline for U.S. combat troops to withdraw from all Iraqi cities and towns . The date for all U.S. troops to leave Iraq is December 31 , 2011 . The agreement -- which stresses respect for Iraqi sovereignty -- "  requests the temporary assistance " of U.S. forces , but severely restricts their role . The pact says that all military operations are to be carried out with the agreement of Iraq and must be "  fully coordinated " with Iraqis . A Joint Military Operations Coordination Committee will oversee military operations . Iraq has the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. forces "  for grave premeditated felonies , " the agreement says . Suspects can be held by U.S. forces but must be available to Iraqi authorities for investigation or trial . Iraq also will have the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. contractors and their employees under the agreement . Also , the pact says that "  Iraqi land , sea and air should n't be used as a launching or transit point for attacks against other countries . " The presidency council also approved a U.S.-Iraqi bilateral pact called the strategic framework agreement , which covers a wide range of bilateral cooperation efforts and which was approved by the Iraqi parliament last week . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan C. Crocker and Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. military official in Iraq , issued a statement welcoming the council 's ratification of the measures . "  We look forward , under these agreements , to the continued reduction in U.S. forces and the normalization of bilateral relations as two sovereign and co-equal nations , " the two said in their statement . "  We will undertake initiatives to strengthen our cooperation in the fields of economics , energy , health , the environment , education , culture , and law enforcement . The United States will support Iraq 's request to the U.N. Security Council to continue protection of Iraqi assets , " the statement said .	NEW : U.S. officials welcome Iraqi council 's approval of security pact Presidency council 's approval was final legal step for enactment Agreement pulls U.S. troops out of all Iraqi cities by June 30 U.S. forces would exit Iraq entirely by December 31 , 2011
CNN  -- It 's no easy matter becoming a world class tennis player . It 's even harder when everyone  really -- everyone  is calling you the "  new Martina Hingis " . No pressure then on the 17-year-old Swiss tennis prodigy Belinda Bencic . "  Belinda is the best junior player in the world and I think that shows that she has a great potential , " said Hingis ' mother Melanie Molitor , who has been working with Bencic for over a decade . "  The number one junior player usually develops into a good senior player as well . As for Belinda it 's all up to her and what she makes of it . "  She certainly has good basics , she 's very versatile and therefore I think she has good chances . " But the road to greatness is paved with many pitfalls as Bencic discovers two hours into her deadlocked Family Circle semifinal clash against a faultless Jana Cepelova earlier this month . After missing a relatively easy winner , the Swiss teenager slashes her racket toward the crowd and screams into the floor , yanking her pink cap down toward her eyes . A squandered chance . And Bencic knows it . If she really wants to be the new Hingis , she 'll need to keep it together . A big year Weeks before , as Bencic sits courtside at the Chris Evert Tennis Academy in Boca Raton , Florida -- the training facility that she and her family have made their winter home -- she cuts an entirely different figure . Beaming a smile in the Florida sun , Bencic reflects on a year that started as she exploded out of tennis ' youth divisions by taking the junior crowns at Wimbledon and the French Open -- before rising to become world junior No. 1 . Arriving at January 's Australian Open unseeded , she fought through three qualifying rounds , and broke 43-year-old Kimiko Date-Krumm 10 times on the way to an impressive first-round win . Faced , next , with Chinese star Li Na -- and her first chance to shock the tennis world -- Bencic kept a steady head , insisting she "  did n't have much to lose . " After being blitzed 6-0 in a 20-minute first set in the Rod Laver arena , the then 16-year-old challenger almost seemed to be enjoying herself . She put up a gritty fight in the second -- which went to a tie-breaker -- before her defeat to the eventual champion : "  I could go out there and play my best and the pressure was all on her . It 's not easy to play a younger player , " Bencic , who is now the youngest player in the top 100 , told CNN 's Open Court . "  The first set was a lesson but ... the second set I relaxed a little bit more and I gave her a fight . " Like Hingis ? If Bencic was n't born to be a tennis star , it was n't long before she set about making herself one : "  I started walking on the tennis court , so my first steps were on the tennis court , " she says . "  And a few moments later , I tried to play and I had fun . " As a child , her walls were lined with posters of compatriots Roger Federer -- her mother is his biggest fan , she says , so the two watch all his matches together -- and , of course , her idol Hingis . By the time she started racking up wins in junior competitions , the comparisons with the former world No. 1 -- who won three of her five grand slam singles titles before turning 17 -- were inevitable . In addition to the inevitable -- being a hard-nosed Swiss-born star , to   migr  parents from the former Czechoslovakia -- from the age of four she was coached by Molitor , who imparted her with a certain familiar style . "  You can see by the hands , and you can see how she takes the ball on the rise , " 18-time grand slam champion Chris Evert tells Open Court at her exclusive academy , referring to the similarities between Hingis and Bencic . "  And how she improvises and how she comes up with touch shots when she needs them . " Molitor concurs : "  Their technique is very similar , " before adding the proviso : "  However , it 's been 17 years and the style of tennis has changed . " Mental strength Evert is adamanat she saw Bencic 's "  X-Factor " as soon as she arrived . "  She 's very focused mentally , emotionally very composed and I just thought : ` She has it . ' " While many young players are singled out by technique -- the ability to strike a killer serve or critical backhand -- Bencic is one of the very few already applauded as a tactician . "  I think it 's true I 'm not the biggest power player but I am trying to think on the court and  have  a good tactic against opponents , " said the world No. 91 . Molitor also cites the relentless preparation that modern sport now demands -- and Bencic 's willingness to accept the sacrifices that need to be made in the pursuit of greatness . "  I think a lot of it has to do with me and the training I put her through , " said Molitor . "  We 've put much emphasis on discipline and versatility . I think it makes a big difference that she is versatile and can rely on all these shots on the court . " Ever the perfectionist though , Molitor cautions : "  However , she still has to work a lot on her serve . " Evert and Bencic agree that behind her mature composure and mental strength lies a close-knit and supportive family . Bencic 's father Ivan is now her full-time coach , while her brother fills in as hitting partner . After each match , that maturity becomes clear . From the hard-fought win against Date-Krumm , to the gutsy defeat by Na , Bencic undergoes a remarkable post-match transformation , from steely , ruthless competitor to gracious student -- thanking her opponent for a tough lesson , and vowing to put it into action in the next match . Coping with expectations Back at the Family Circle , Bencic is forced to admit defeat . After more than two and a half hours on court , grappling an opponent with more than double the matches she has on the circuit -- who has twisted her and turned her with a ruthless display of her own -- Bencic smiles . She is the first female qualifier to reach the semifinals and the youngest finalist since  who else ?  Hingis -- but will go no further . But for "  the new Hingis , " there 's no rush to match the expectations that come with the title . Just a composed desire to take it to the next level . "  My goal is to improve every day , to get as far as I can , be the best that I can , and just to look step-by-step . I do n't want to set any goals -- it 's extra pressure -- and I will just play . "	Belinda Bencic is the youngest women 's player in the world 's top 100 The 17-year-old Swiss has exploded onto the WTA Tour in 2014 At this month 's Family Circle Cup , she stunned two top-10 seeds World No. 2 Li Na -- and many others -- have dubbed her "  the new Hingis "
Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , died early Friday after a gunfight with police . Investigators are looking into his past for clues about last week 's terror attack . Here 's a look at some key dates , compiled from CNN 's reporting and other media reports . What we know about the suspects October 21 , 1986 Tamerlan Tsarnaev is born . His uncle , Ruslan Tsarni , says Tsarnaev was born into an ethnically Chechen family in Kyrgyzstan . 2001 The Tsarnaev family moves from Tokmok , Kyrgyzstan , to Dagestan , according to the state committee for national security of the Kyrgyzstan government . "  They lived here for a year , not the whole year . They arrived at the school in 2001 and departed in March 2002 , " a spokesman at a school the children attended in Makhachkala , Dagestan , told Russia Today , a Russian state-funded television network . 2002 Parents Anzor Tsarnaev and Zubeidat Tsarnaeva immigrate to the United States with their son , Dzhokhar . Their three other children -- Tamerlan Tsarnaev and two sisters -- stay behind in Kazakhstan with an uncle , his aunt told reporters in Canada this week . July 2003 Tsarnaev , then 16 , is in Turkey in July 2003 for 10 days on a Kyrgyz passport , a senior Turkish official says . He comes to the United States that month , along with his two sisters , his aunt , Maret Tsarnaeva , told the Toronto Sun . July 19 , 2003 Tamerlan Tsarnaev first enters the United States through New York 's JFK International Airport , a federal official says . 2003-2004 ; 2008-2010 Tsarnaev is registered to fight with USA Boxing , the organization that oversees amateur boxing in the United States , a spokeswoman says . Tsarnaev delivered pizza and held other jobs while boxing , his aunt said . January 2004 In an interview with the Lowell Sun newspaper in Massachusetts , after winning a fight in a local boxing tournament , Tsarnaev says he grew up in Grozny , Chechnya , and moved with his family to the United States in 2003 in hopes of starting a new life . "  I like the USA ... America has a lot of jobs . That 's something Russia does n't have . You have a chance to make money here if you are willing to work , " he said at the time , according to the Sun . He also told the newspaper that he studied music at a school in Russia and played the piano and violin . Fall 2006 , spring 2007 , fall 2008 Tsarnaev attends Bunker Hill Community College as a part-time student , a school spokeswoman says . 2008 Tsarnaev "  got involved in religion , " according to his mother . "  Started following his own religion , never told me he could be on  the  side of jihad , " Zubeidat Tsarnaeva told Russia Today . April 2009 Tsarnaev is photographed training at Wai Kru Mixed Martial Arts in Boston for a university magazine story . The caption of one photo in a gallery describes Tsarnaev as a native of Chechnya and says he has been in the United States for five years . A quote attributed to Tsarnaev says , "  I do n't have one American friend . I do n't understand them . " That same year , Tsarni says , he had a falling out with Tamerlan . "  I got into really a state of shock from changes I heard , I would n't say I saw , I heard from Tamerlan , " he told CNN . He recalled a 2009 phone conversation in which in response to some life advice he had given , Tsarnaev called him an "  infidel . " The young man also told his uncle he was not concerned about work or studies because God had a plan for him . According to his uncle , Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's radicalization started in not in Chechnya , but in Cambridge , Massachusetts , at a local mosque . May 4 , 2009 Tsarnaev competes at 201 pounds in the 2009 Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions in Salt Lake City , losing in the first bout . July 28 , 2009 Tsarnaev is arrested , accused of domestic abuse and battery after allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , according to Cambridge Police Department records . 2010 Tsarnaev wins a local heavyweight boxing title . "  He said he 'd gotten married and had a little baby . He was a very nice guy , " said Gene McCarthy of the Somerville Boxing Club in Massachusetts . "  I brought him to the registration , and while he was waiting in line , he saw a piano and was playing classical music like it was Symphony Hall . " June 21 , 2010 Tsarnaev and Katherine Russell are issued a marriage license by the city clerk in Cambridge , Massachusetts . An attorney for Russell 's family , Amato DeLuca , told CNN that the couple have a 2-year-old daughter , whom Tsarnaev cared for while Russell worked long hours as a home health aide . 2011 Tsarnaev begins praying five times a day , his aunt told reporters . Early 2011 Russia asks the FBI to look at Tsarnaev 's activities , a senior U.S. official said . "  The request stated that it was based on information that he was a follower of radical Islam and a strong believer , and that he had changed drastically since 2010 as he prepared to leave the United States for travel to the country 's region to join unspecified underground groups , " the FBI said in a statement . Summer 2011 After interviewing Tsarnaev and family members , the FBI says it "  did not find any terrorism activity , domestic or foreign , and those results were provided to the foreign government . " January 12 , 2012 Tsarnaev leaves New York for Russia . It 's not clear what he did while in Russia , but Tsarnaev 's father has said his son was with him at all times . Officials have said they 're worried about what might have happened on the trip . "  What I 'm very concerned about is that when he went over there , he very well may have been radicalized and trained by these Chechen rebels , who are the fiercest jihad warriors , " said Rep. Michael McCaul , a Republican from Texas who is chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . July 17 , 2012 Tsarnaev returns to the United States , arriving at JFK Airport in New York . Travel documents show a photo of him with a beard , according to a U.S. official who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue . It is unclear whether Tsarnaev made other trips to Russia . On Sunday , McCaul said he thought it was likely Tsarnaev made other trips to the region . "  We know he 's starting to radicalize in 2009 . ... I could speculate that he was probably going over there more often . We do n't have -- I do n't have the evidence of that just yet . But that 's obviously an area of focus , " he said . "  I know the intelligence community is scrubbing through all their records and that travel is very important , just given who the Chechen rebels are . " August 2012 Soon after returning from a long visit to Russia , Tsarnaev creates a YouTube channel with links to a number of videos . Two videos under a category labeled "  Terrorists " have since been deleted . It 's not clear when or by whom . Analysis by CNN and the SITE Intelligence Institute has uncovered a screen grab from one of those videos . It features members of the group Imarat Kavkaz -- identifiable by the logo on their shirts . Imarat Kavkaz is the most potent militant Islamist group in the north Caucasus , which includes Chechnya and Dagestan . Tsarnaev also appears to have posted and then removed a video of a militant named Abu Dujana , a jihadist leader who was later killed by Russian troops . Russian security services killed Abu Dujana in December during an assault on an apartment in Makhachkala , the capital of Dagestan . He led a small militant group in Dagestan that had links to Imarat Kavkaz . While Tsarnaev was in Russia in 2012 , he spent some of his time in Makhachkala , where his father lives today . U.S. officials told CNN analyst Tom Fuentes on Sunday they have found no further connection between Tsarnaev and Abu Dujana , but the investigation into his activities overseas continues . September 5 , 2012 Tsarnaev presents an application for U.S. citizenship , according to The New York Times . The application prompted "  additional investigation " of him in 2013 by federal law enforcement agencies , officials told the newspaper . The officials declined to say how far that examination had progressed or what it covered , the Times said . November 16 , 2012 When a preacher at the Islamic Society of Boston Cambridge mosque says that it is appropriate to celebrate U.S. national holidays such as July 4 and Thanksgiving , Tsarnaev stands up and challenges him , arguing that celebrating holidays is "  not allowed in the faith , " the Islamic Society of Boston said . After the sermon , Tsarnaev repeatedly argues his viewpoint with the preacher , then leaves . January 18 , 2013 When a preacher at the same mosque says slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. was a great person , Tsarnaev stands up , shouts and calls him a "  non-believer , " the Islamic Society of Boston said . Tsarnaev accuses the preacher of "  contaminating people 's mind " and calls him a hypocrite . People in the congregation shout back at Tsarnaev , telling him to "  leave now . " Leaders of the mosque later tell him he will no longer be welcome if he continues to interrupt sermons . At future prayers , he is quiet . April 15 , 2013 Two explosions go off near the finish line at the Boston Marathon , killing three people and injuring more than 170 . Authorities describe the blasts as a terrorist attack and vow to bring whoever is responsible to justice . April 18 , 2013 5 p.m. : The FBI releases photos and videos showing two men they describe as suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings . 11 p.m. : Police respond to a call on the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , where university police officer Sean Collier , 26 , has been shot . He dies from his injuries . Police later say they believe the bombing suspects were responsible for the shooting . April 19 , 2013 Tsarnaev dies after a shootout with police in Watertown , Massachusetts . Hours later , investigators reveal that he and his 19-year-old younger brother are the marathon bombing suspects .	An aunt says Tamerlan Tsarnaev came to the United States in 2003 He was an avid boxer , and after winning a fight in 2004 told a newspaper , "  I like the USA " An uncle says Tsarnaev began to develop radical views in 2009 He traveled to Russia for six months in 2012
CNN  -- A woman accused of scamming nearly half a million dollars from a nonprofit fund benefiting the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings was indicted on Monday , according to a Massachusetts Attorney General . Audrea Gause , 26 , was indicted on charges of larceny over $ 250 and gross fraud by a Suffolk County Grand Jury , according to a statement from the office of Attorney General Martha Coakley . Gause was arrested on July 19 in her hometown of Troy , New York , on a Massachusetts fugitive warrant . She was arraigned in Boston Municipal Court on August 2 , where she pleaded not guilty . She is being held on $ 200,000 cash bail , the statement said . The nonprofit -- The One Fund Boston -- began distributing nearly $ 61 million to 232 eligible claimants starting June 30 , according to a release from the organization . Gause was awarded $ 480,000 from the fund after claiming she suffered a traumatic brain injury resulting in long-term memory loss , impaired speech and loss of some motor function that would require future surgery as a result of the Boston Marathon bombing , the attorney general 's office said . Authorities allege that Gause gave $ 377,500 of the money she fraudulently obtained from The One Fund to a New York construction company as a down payment on a new home . Investigations also revealed that Gause signed up for a cruise , named the "  Heroes Cruise , " which was being offered free to victims of the Boston Marathon bombing by a Boston-based travel company , according to the statement . After a tip received by the state attorney general and The One Fund Boston that Gause was not in Boston at the time of the bombing , an official investigation began , Coakley said at a news conference on July 19 . That investigation determined that Gause was never a patient at Boston Medical Center for two days or Albany Medical Center for 10 days , as she declared on her notarized claim form , the statement says . "  This defendant allegedly attempted to steal from the real victims of the Marathon bombing and we are pleased that we were able to recover this money for The One Fund Boston , " Coakley said . The One Fund Boston divided payments between four classifications that were based on the severity of injuries or loss of life , according to the fund 's statement . More than 260 people were wounded and three were killed in the double bombings , which took place near the Boston Marathon finish line on April 15 . Gause is scheduled to be arraigned in Suffolk Superior Court on October 7 . Calls to her attorney , John Hayes , were not immediately returned to CNN on Monday . Coakley 's office said two other individuals have been charged with attempted fraud of The One Fund Boston . In August , two brothers from Boston were charged in connection with an attempt to defraud the organization of $ 2 million after submitting a false claim on behalf of their dead aunt . Woman pleads guilty in Newtown fundraising scheme	Audrea Gause is accused of saying she was injured in Boston Marathon bombing One Fund Boston gave her $ 480,000 , officials say Tip to police says Gause was not in Boston at time of marathon
CNN  -- "  Yes , but what was the best film for grown-ups ? " a friend asked me when I told him "  Hugo " was my favorite movie of the year . That took the wind out of my sails . Of course he had n't seen "  Hugo , " which is absolutely a film for sensitive , alert , thinking-audiences of all ages . The movie is very much concerned with art , mortality and the passage of time , which some might consider mature and adult themes . But in a more general sense , he had a point . The movies -- and especially Hollywood movies -- have been so thoroughly infantilized over the years that even the New York Film Critics Circle can overlook the few truly grown-up movies out there -- "  Margaret , " "  The Descendants , " "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy , " "  J. Edgar " and "  Tree of Life " -- to nominate "  The Artist " as the film of the year . Do n't get me wrong . I enjoyed this charming , anodyne , affectionate pastiche , not least because it reminded me of many , far better movies such as "  Singin ' in the Rain , " "  A Star is Born " and bits and pieces by Charlie Chaplin and Harold Lloyd . But even though it 's calculated to appeal to a middle-class crowd , this is essentially bland , sentimental entertainment . It does n't challenge the audience , ask questions or provoke . It does n't stir the emotions , break new ground or grapple with the pressing issues of our time . Does "  Hugo " ? I think so . Like "  The Artist , " "  Hugo " resurrects a bygone era of cinema . In this case , Frenchman Georges Melies , a pioneer in the techniques of special effects , jump cuts and superimposes live action and animation in a kind of proto-CGI . In evoking this pioneer , veteran director Martin Scorsese means us to reflect on how quickly fame and fortune pass by and on what is important about the past . No coincidence that "  Hugo " was made in 3-D -- and beautifully , I might add . This was a tectonic year in the movie industry -- the year that 35mm was all but phased out of the exhibition sector in favor of digital projection . The shift does not come at the instigation of filmmakers or the audience , but rather to cut the costs of distribution . Nevertheless it will have considerable effect on the way movies are made , how they look and how they are consumed . In this brave new multiplex world , 3-D is not the only story , but it is a major part of it , and a generation of children are growing up watching stereoscopic animated features and family blockbusters . Will these kids look back on 2-D , "  flat " movies with the same disinterest the preceding generation feels for anything in black and white ? I do n't know , but I suspect that 's why we 've seen such heavyweight filmmakers as Scorsese , Steven Spielberg  "  The Adventures of Tintin "  , Werner Herzog  "  The Cave of Forgotten Dreams "  and Wim Wenders  "  Pina "  embracing 3-D this year . And what 's more , each of them makes a compelling case for the new form in the very different ways they explore movement . The Best 1 . "  Hugo " Scorese turns back the clock to celebrate the genesis of cinema even as he fashions perhaps the most beautiful 3-D movie yet . 2 . "  Margaret " Kenneth Lonergan 's second film took six years to find even a token release , but it 's a masterpiece . Anna Paquin is outstanding in this teeming , devastating movie about connection . 3 . "  The Descendants " There is no sharper comic filmmaker than Alexander Payne , and this poignant Hawaiian family story is astute and perfectly turned . 4 . "  Source Code " A commuter train trip becomes a kind of purgatory for Jake Gyllenhaal , with each journey ending in death . Easily the smartest sci-fi movie of the year . 5 . "  Drive " Pure pop bliss , this chic retro thriller cast Ryan Gosling as an icon of machismo cool and rediscovered the latent noir malignancy in Albert Brooks . 6 . "  Melancholia " Only Lars von Trier would dream of destroying the planet without ever leaving the grounds of a country house -- and get away with it . It 's an excessive , frustrating but formidable movie with a remarkable performance by Kirsten Dunst . 7 . "  Nostalgia for the Light " There were several stunning documentaries this year -- I strongly recommend "  The Interrupters , " "  Project Nim " and "  Tabloid , " for starters . But this Chilean nonfiction essay is something apart , a scintillating rumination on humanity and the cosmos . 8 . "  Take Shelter " Michael Shannon and Jessica Chastain are the bedrock , blue-collar Christians whose life is torn apart by his visions of a biblical storm on the horizon . 9 . "  Poetry " This South Korean film about a grandmother looking for grace in the midst of a sea of trouble is one of those slow-burners that stays with you . 10 . "  Bridesmaids " Probably the most fun you could have at the movies this year . Kirsten Wiig 's raucous anti-chick flick was lewd and crude but a laugh riot . The Worst 1 . "  Sucker Punch " Zack Snyder strikes again . This inane video game wannabe fetishizes feminism for cheap thrills to deeply dull effect . 2 . "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close " This misconceived , terminally cute "  prestige picture " asks all the wrong questions about 9/11 and exploits that tragedy to jerk out easy tears . 3 . "  Cowboys and Aliens " Should have been fun . Was n't . 4 . "  Your Highness " In which several talented people  including James Franco , Natalie Portman and director David Gordon Green  aim low and wind up looking silly . 5 . "  The Beaver " In which Mel Gibson 's convincing portrait of a middle-age breakdown is undermined by an incoherent script and Jodie Foster 's hackneyed direction .	Movies have been thoroughly infantilized over the years , Tom Charity says Charity : Like "  The Artist , " "  Hugo " resurrects a bygone era of cinema Heavyweight filmmakers such as Martin Scorsese , Steven Spielberg embrace 3-D
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay  CNN  -- Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex couples to adopt children after the Senate voted to approve a bill modifying the country 's adoption statute . "  It is a right for the boys and the girls , not a right for the adults , " Sen. Margarita Percovich said after the vote on Wednesday . "  It streamlines the adoption process and does not discriminate . " The expected Senate approval followed the lower chamber of Congress ' passage of the bill last month . The law will pave the way for gays and lesbians to start a family , Daniel Alonso , a resident of the Uruguayan capital of Montevideo , told CNN . "  You have plans to form a family , to adopt . When you have a law that protects you , it makes you want to have a child , " he said . "  You feel part of society . " The adoption measure would be the most recent of progressive laws passed with the backing of President Tabare Vazquez . Last year , lawmakers approved a measure allowing children aged 12 or older to change their names , a measure aimed at transgender or transsexual youths . Uruguay also authorized same-sex civil unions last year , setting the stage for the current adoption law . The measure was not without opponents among conservatives and the clergy . Last month , Archbishop Nicolas Cotugno of Montevideo , released a statement warning of consequences for society should the law pass , the Catholic News Agency reported . "  The adoption of children by homosexual couples is not a question of religion , philosophy or sociology . It has to do with respect for human nature itself , " he said , according to CNA . "  To accept the adoption of children by homosexual couples is to go against human nature itself , and consequently , it is to go against the fundamental rights of the human being as a person . " Journalist Dario Klein contributed to this report .	NEW : Expected Senate approval follows passage of bill by the lower chamber NEW : Law paves way for gays , lesbians to start a family , Montevideo resident says Lawmakers already approved measure letting children 12 or older to change names Measure was not without opponents from conservatives and clergy
Washington  CNN  -- CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley will moderate the second presidential debate , to be held Tuesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York , the first woman to do so in two decades . Crowley , host of CNN 's "  State of the Union , " was asked about the town hall format , her role , her expectations for how she 'll manage the face-off between President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney , and her feelings about being selected for the honor . You can ask Crowley about her experience through iReport . CNN : Does a town hall debate present unique challenges and opportunities for the candidates because it 's not your normal debate behind a podium ? Candy Crowley : It does , because they are going to have roughly 80 people , as I understand it , looking at them in addition to me . You know and I know it is very easy for politicians to run over a reporter -- they do n't care . There is no price to be paid for being rude to a reporter , not answering the question . But 80 undecided voters looking at you , and some of them getting up and going , "  Well , what about this ? " It 's just harder to dodge . There 's also the whole -- you know , if you want to get into the optics of it , there 's the whole wandering around the stage , and feeling their pain , and there 's this whole kind of other set of expectations that we 've come to want , or at least talk about afterwards , that now goes with modern television debates . CNN : How is a town hall debate different than other debates in terms of challenges and opportunities that presents itself ? Crowley : The challenge is that they 've got to connect not just with the people looking into the television and watching them , but the people who are on the stage with them . Some 80 or so undecided voters are chosen by Gallup , so they have to keep those folks in mind . It 's a much more intimate and up-close adventure with voters than talking through a reporter . CNN : Now , we heard a lot with all these debates about style versus substance . Does it become even more about style because it 's a town hall ? Crowley : No , I think it 's both about substance and style no matter what the debate is , and you do n't know which it 's going to be most about until it 's over . If a voter gets up and says , "  I am unemployed and I have n't had a job in X amount of months and this happened and that to my health care , " there has to be substance to that answer . You ca n't just be about , "  Oh my gosh , that 's terrible , I 'm so sorry to hear your story . " It 's got to be , you know , give them something . So I think it 's both , and I think there is a lot in common with the debates , in that we 're not going to know until after the debates are over -- where this is something where the message came through with style , or in substance , or maybe a little of both , which is generally the case . CNN : I guess with or without the podium and with the audience interaction it seems like you would kind of , everything would carry more weight . Crowley : Well , I think it does in a sense of these are real people that -- the audience does n't necessarily relate to either presidential candidates or media . They just do n't . But they do relate to 80 people sitting on a stage that look like them , and maybe have stories similar to theirs . And so they can kind of see themselves through the town hall meeting participants . And I think that 's where a candidate has to make a connection , because the candidate that makes a connection with the person asking the question is also making a better connection with the person back at home . CNN : There is some sense , one of the people I interviewed talked about how a town hall setting is viewed maybe as a little bit more freewheeling , free-flowing , less predictable because of the audience interaction . Do you buy that ? Or do candidates always go back to their script and their talking points ? Crowley : Whenever candidates get a chance , they will return to their talking points . And I think that 's where we come in , like why I said , "  We know this . But the question was not oranges , it was apples , so could you please address apples , that would be good . " So yes , I think the instinct of any politician anywhere is to go back to their comfort zone , which is the talking point . But I think it is more difficult to stay in that zone when you have a person with a story asking you a question that relates to their life . CNN : What past debate moments are the most memorable ? Crowley : What 's interesting to me is when I look back at the debates , there are things that are kind of monumental . Now , one of them is more history to me than having actually having seen it , and that is when Gerry Ford talked about Poland as being free , and of course it was behind the Iron Curtain . And this was seen as a monumental mistake . But you go from that sort of thing , all the way to George H. W. Bush , the father , looking at his watch . Or Al Gore sighing . It 's just , there 's something about these debates that magnifies things that perhaps you do n't see as the person in the room with them . But remember , George Bush looking at his watch was taken as some sign that he did n't care . Fair ? Not fair ? It matters , it 's television . And so it 's not just what you say , but it 's how they present themselves . You never know when that moment is . You never know until it happens . You ca n't set up these moments . But the purpose of the debate is to get beyond what people have already heard , down to what one hopes the viewers and the voters are waiting to hear about . CNN : What is it like to be the first female moderator in 20 years ? Crowley : People say , "  Do you think you 're going to ask a different question because you 're female ? " and I think , "  I 'm going to ask different questions because of all the things that I am . " Bob Schieffer and I are different , Jim Lehrer and I are different , we come from different backgrounds , we 've had different experiences , and certainly , one of the differences between them and me is that I 'm female and they 're male , so that 's a part of it . And so , I guess I did n't embrace the history of it until women started coming -- and by the way , men as well -- I mean , I have just sons , and they were thrilled and said , "  Mom , did you know you 're the first woman , you know , in 20 years ? " So they were excited by it . So I embraced that , kind of , after the fact . I first just embraced it as an amazing chance for a journalist . CNN : How did you get the news ? Crowley : I was actually sitting at work . We were booking the show  "  State of the Union "  and I was in my office and I got a phone call from the executive director of the presidential debate commission , who said , "  We were wondering if you 'd be willing to moderate a debate . " And I said , "  Let me just think -- yes ! " It was a very quick phone call , actually . CNN : What was your reaction ? Crowley : Well , understand that they told me not to tell anyone , so that was in some ways the hardest part . I cheated -- I told my children -- but beyond that , I did n't tell anybody . And so it was just this weird sort of "  Cheshire Cat " thing going on , because I knew something that other people did n't know . But I mean inside , I was thinking , ` Whoa , this is amazing . " I mean , for a journalist , does it get better than that ? Not much better that I can think of .	CNN 's Candy Crowley is first woman to moderate presidential debate in 20 years "  There 's something about these debates that magnifies things , " she says Crowley : Purpose of debate is to get beyond what people have already heard
CNN  -- As the world celebrates the long-awaited addition to the British royal family , it is worth taking some time to reflect on the women around the world for whom childbirth is not such a joyous , beautiful and celebrated occasion . Every year in sub-Saharan Africa , 162,000 mothers die needlessly because of complications during pregnancy and childbirth . That figure represents a staggering 56 % of the global total . For an African woman , one of the most natural of events in a woman 's life -- giving birth -- is also one of the most dangerous . As a result , each year close to 1 million African children are left motherless . Many of these deaths are avoidable , but not enough is being done to prevent them . Since the turn of the last century , maternal mortality rates worldwide have been in decline but remain high in developing countries , including many African nations . For these maternal death rates to improve in Africa , governments and international institutions must recognize and introduce policies that tackle the challenges faced by African women in accessing effective reproductive healthcare . Read this : Starting a revolution for teen mothers Whilst sub-Saharan Africa has seen a decrease in maternal mortality rates over the past 20 years , there is still a long way to go if the region is to meet its Millennium Development Goals . This is largely due to a failure to address political , socio-cultural and financial challenges . There has been slow progress in meeting the 2001 Abuja Declaration , in which countries pledged to assign 15 % of their national budgets towards healthcare . This is compounded by deficits within the health ministries for numerous countries resulting in inadequate funding for maternal services . Run down resources With limited investment in health resources , many women in sub-Saharan Africa can not access an adequate healthcare unit during pregnancy and childbirth . Many can not access one at all , and countless women are forced to walk miles to their nearest health center . Without transportation most women give birth at home or on the way to hospital , a journey on which too many will suffer fatal complications . For women in many rural communities , the norm is for a traditional birth attendant  TBA  to assist the delivery instead of making the trip . TBAs often have no formal training and deliver without sterilized equipment , if any , causing yet more risks for mother and baby . Read this : ` Give African women a voice ' However , even if a woman does make it to a hospital , she is likely to find herself in one so under-resourced that soon-to-be mothers have to sleep on the floor following delivery because beds are in such short supply . Women often have to arrive armed with basic resources such as paraffin to light lamps in the event that they go into labor at night . Without paraffin and power , midwives such as Uganda 's Esther Madudu , who is also the face of the African Medical and Research Foundation  AMREF  's Stand up for African Mothers global campaign , have to conduct deliveries using the light from their mobile phones and plastic bags over their hands as gloves . "  There is so much work to do " Esther 's health center is located in the Soroti district in rural Uganda and serves a community of 37,000 people . She works tirelessly round the clock to assist mothers in deliveries , as well as trying to offer antenatal and postnatal care . But coping with the demand is tough . She says there are occasions when she must travel long distances to reach mothers-to-be who can not reach a health center -- sometimes arriving after they have given birth . Her own health center has just two midwives . "  There is so much work to do and yet there are only a few of us . We are forced to work day and night , " she says . Read this : African midwife , Nobel Peace Prize ? And Esther 's story is sadly not unique . Many health units are overstretched . With no doctors and few qualified midwives , most hospitals and health units can not accommodate the women that do manage to reach a healthcare facility . Low pay and difficult working conditions lead to frustration within the existing workforce , which in turn leads to mismanagement of patients . Women testify that they are mistreated in hospitals and this is just one more reality that encourages them to give birth at home . Lack of information For the majority of Western mums-to-be , the months leading up to the big day are full of scheduled antenatal appointments , classes and ultrasounds . The nine months of waiting and expecting are crammed full of information on how best to care for the growing life . Pregnancy and childbirth becomes the hot topic of discussion . And , it does n't end when the baby arrives ; postnatal care is a core part of midwives ' duties in the West . For many women in Africa , an astounding lack of information means they simply do not see or understand the reasons for attending antenatal and postnatal health services , let alone see the value added by giving birth at a health center . Moreover , the absence of information has hampered initiatives designed to prevent mother-to-child infections , as well as immunization . Read this : Flying doctor takes to the skies It 's for all these reasons that AMREF launched its Stand Up for African Mothers Campaign , which aims to train 15,000 midwives by 2015 because , as AMREF asserts , midwives save lives . Increasing the number of trained midwives will mean more than seven million mothers annually will be cared for and informed , which means many more children will be raised in the arms of their mothers . The joyful birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's baby is a wondrous occasion , an everyday miracle that deserves to be commemorated and honored . But whilst we celebrate the arrival of a royal newborn , perhaps we should also spare a thought for those 440 women across sub-Saharan Africa who will lose their lives today simply giving birth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Murigi .	For many African women , giving birth is a dangerous process 440 women in sub-Saharan Africa die giving birth every day Many African women can not access adequate care during pregnancy , says campaigner
Four years after Jerry Ford 's presidency ended in the ashes of his Watergate pardon of Richard Nixon , he vaulted back onto center stage at his party 's 1980 national convention . It started as a buzz on the floor of the Joe Louis Arena on Detroit 's newly renovated riverfront -- talk of a Republican "  dream ticket " to take on President Jimmy Carter . The intriguing scenario would pair GOP primary victor Ronald Reagan and for what would have been the first time in history , a former president as his running mate . It became a roar when Ford granted an interview to CBS ' Walter Cronkite to acknowledge that discussions were taking place . "  This was supposed to be a very ho-hum convention , " recalled Bernard Shaw , who co-anchored CNN 's inaugural convention coverage just six weeks after the launch of the 24-hour news network , working "  up in the rafters with a couple of pieces of plywood over chairs for myself and Daniel Schorr . " But it turned into "  a very brokered affair , " Shaw said , "  with Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford flirting with the idea of a shared presidency . " Biden to be in Tampa during Republican National Convention The actual discussions involved close aides to the two men , including former Ford administration officials who a close Ford friend believes were trying to advance their own agendas . "  If I remember correctly , Jerry Ford came up to me earlier that day and told me that he was into these discussions , but he did n't think they were going anywhere , " Peter Secchia , Michigan 's GOP national committeeman at the convention , said in a recent telephone interview . All the media attention that day was focused on the role Ford might play in a Reagan White House , with major responsibilities over foreign policy and fiscal issues , and the possibility of top Cabinet positions for such Ford administration luminaries as Henry Kissinger and Alan Greenspan . Secchia , a business owner in his district befriended by Ford during his early years in Congress , never actually worked for Ford but later served as U.S. ambassador to Italy , appointed by the man Reagan chose for vice president that very night -- George H.W. Bush . Reagan makes surprise , post-midnight announcement Bush 's selection was hastily arranged after the talks with Ford broke down . The pick was announced by Reagan in a surprise post-midnight appearance at the convention hall a night earlier than scheduled with Bush watching on TV from his room across the street at the Hotel Pontchartrain . By all accounts , it happened in a matter of minutes after Bush agreed during a short phone call to disavow his pro-choice posture on abortion and his condemnation of what he had branded "  voodoo economics . " Reagan told the convention that Bush had endorsed his GOP platform planks calling for a constitutional ban against abortion and advancing the principles of "  supply-side economics " that still guide the party today . Poll : Ahead of GOP convention , presidential race in dead heat Secchia never bought into the idea of a Reagan-Ford ticket for a simple reason overlooked by most observers at the time -- both men then lived in California "  and one of them would have had to move . " The Constitution bars each state 's representatives to the Electoral College electors from voting for a ballot in which both candidates are from their state . In other words , a Reagan-Ford ticket would have forced California 's electors to vote Democratic , whatever the popular vote . He did not believe either man would have been willing to change his primary residence , as Ford 's onetime chief of staff Dick Cheney did when he moved back to Wyoming from Texas to become George W. Bush 's running mate 20 years later and perhaps the most influential vice president in modern history . Shaw , now retired , has covered 14 political conventions dating to 1968 when Republicans nominated Richard Nixon in Miami Beach at what Shaw called the first convention "  perfectly scripted for TV . " He also was in Chicago for that year 's Democratic Convention , disrupted by anti-Vietnam war street protests , a vicious police response and a party division over the war that was a big factor in Hubert Humphrey 's November defeat by Nixon . Today 's conventions tend to be even more scripted than Nixon 's GOP gathering in 1968 , but Shaw says "  occasionally the curtains part and you get a chance to see the real rawness of politics and the fight for power . " In convention speeches , history is made He said journalists should avoid any preconceived attitude that conventions are non-events . "  A reporter who goes to a convention with the notion that these are meaningless -- the days of smoke-filled rooms are over -- is the reporter who is ill-equipped for the job , " Shaw said . Drama at both conventions in 1980 In 1980 , there were two good examples of that -- and I had the privilege of covering both the Republicans in Detroit and the once-again divided Democrats at New York 's Madison Square Garden , the first of seven political conventions I 've worked at as a newsman . For the Democrats , it was the year that Ted Kennedy refused to give up after losing to a sitting president in his party 's primaries and pursuing a challenge of delegate rules until just before a scheduled floor vote for the nomination . In a stirring concession speech , he gave a passing tip of the hat to Jimmy Carter -- "  I congratulate President Carter on his victory here " -- and then brought the delegates to their feet when he bowed out of the race by saying : "  For me , a few hours ago , this campaign came to an end . For all those whose cares have been our concern , the work goes on , the cause endures , the hope still lives and the dream will never die . " Ann Romney expected to kick off GOP convention Then , after Carter 's acceptance speech , the moment we had all been waiting for -- the traditional embrace of the nominee and challenger , a moment that never came . Kennedy climbed back up the podium , and with the crowd cheering his every movement , twirled around the stage shaking hands with party dignitaries , their spouses , the first lady and finally the president -- an awkward looking gesture that was over in the blink of an eye . "  This is a schizophrenic convention , " Dan Schorr told CNN 's audience . "  They nominated Mr. Carter and they gave their love to Mr. Kennedy . They have given their votes to one and their hearts to another . " The senator then quickly exited , only to return for another quick handshake and pat on the shoulder for the president at a moment the two men had the stage mostly to themselves . "  There 's no embrace , " Schorr said . "  No holding of hands , no V for victory , " Shaw added . In November , the Reagan-Bush ticket won in an electoral landslide . Carter was handicapped by his divided party , high inflation and rising interest rates , and a hostage crisis in Iran that dragged on until the moment Reagan was sworn in as his successor . Agencies warn of possible anarchist activity at conventions Bush presents Quayle in dramatic fashion After eight years in office , Bush became the party 's presidential nominee and presented his running mate to GOP delegates in New Orleans in dramatic fashion , arriving near the convention site on a riverboat that also was transporting a clueless traveling press . "  We did n't know who it was going to be , " recalled George Weeks , who covered that convention as a columnist for the Detroit News after serving as chief of staff for William G. Milliken , Michigan 's Republican governor in 1980 . There were several big name possibilities , including Rep. Jack Kemp , father of "  supply side " economics and mentor for Mitt Romney 's running mate , Paul Ryan . Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , a future presidential nominee , and his wife , Elizabeth , transportation secretary for much of Reagan 's presidency were other names mentioned . Way down on the list -- a name I had first noticed in a New York Times "  veepstakes " story that morning or the day before -- was a little known senator from Indiana , Dan Quayle , a baby-faced baby boomer who , at 41 , was even younger than Ryan . His selection on Day 2 of the convention may even have been a surprise to him . He got the word from Bush only a short time before the announcement , and hurried over to the riverfront for a rally with Bush and their cheering supporters . "  It 's not a lark , it 's Quayle , " local TV reporter Gary Tuchman , now a CNN correspondent , told viewers of WPEC in West Palm Beach , Florida , announcing the news in a live shot just "  100 feet from where Quayle was standing . " "  It was still the pre-Twitter days , and the viewers were learning it from me , " he says now with a laugh . Politics , parties keep some away from conventions A less-than-stellar debut for a rising star The Bush-Quayle ticket triumphed in November over another former Massachusetts governor , Michael Dukakis , and Sen. Lloyd Bentsen of Texas , who had been chosen at their party 's convention in Atlanta now remembered mostly for the nearly disastrous debut performance of a rising Democratic star , 41-year-old Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton . Clinton , who already had a reputation as a spellbinding orator , was picked to place Dukakis ' name in nomination a night after a rousing Jesse Jackson address party officials feared would steal the thunder from Dukakis , the political embodiment of laid back . But Clinton went on so long -- more than 33 minutes , nearly twice his allotted time -- the clearly annoyed delegates were squirming in their seats , some even booing . As the young governor uttered the words , "  In closing ... , " the hall erupted in boisterous cheers . Just four years later , it was Clinton who was getting nominated , and later elected , depriving the senior Bush of a second term . This year he will return to his 1988 role , delivering the nominating speech in Charlotte , North Carolina , for Barack Obama 's bid for re-election . "  This party loves Bill Clinton , " said Mark Brewer , state Democratic chairman in Michigan for the past 17 years who will attend this year 's convention as a "  super-delegate . " After all these years , still "  The Comeback Kid . " Memorable convention moments Editors Note : Paul Varian has covered presidential politics off and on since the 1972 elections , including seven national party conventions over a 20-year period for United Press International and CNN .	1980 conventions were dramatic occasions for both Democrats and Republicans 1980 RNC was supposed to be "  ho-hum " but turned into a "  very brokered affair " 1980 DNC was "  schizophrenic " -- Democrats nominated Carter and gave their love to Kennedy 1988 RNC drama came when little-known Sen. Dan Quayle was announced as Bush 's running mate
CNN  -- This is the week , every year , when you come across special displays in bookstores . Finding bookstores these days is a challenge of its own , but that 's a subject for another time  . During the week after Christmas and before January 1 , many bookstores set up tables near the front door featuring calendars and blank journals . If the calendars are n't sold by the first day of the new year , they 're probably not going to be sold at all . And , next to the calendars on the table , those blank journals , wordless for now . Waiting for the soundless starter 's whistle of New Year 's Day -- waiting for someone to fill them in . What they represent is one of mankind 's oldest and fiercest desires : The opportunity to start afresh . To turn over a new leaf . "  New leaf " refers not to the world of plants , but to the formal , even archaic , term for a two-sided piece of paper . To turn over a new leaf means to flip to a new page . To try to do better -- to close the cover on the scratch-outs and unsatisfactory scrawls of the previous part of one 's life and , having learned from what went before , to start over on a clean set of pages . "  Tabula rasa , " in the Latin expression : blank slate . And what to do with that blank slate ? Each December , each person makes his or her own pledges . This December there has been a phrase that has been much in the news : First responders . It is a relatively new description . In earlier generations , the people to whom it applied were referred to simply as police officers or firefighters or emergency squads . The people who , in times of great trouble , run toward the peril and not away from it . Every day , in every part of the country , they humble us with their courage and commitment . The first responders we have been reporting on and reading about as the old year nears its end have given new meaning to "  above and beyond the call of duty " : The officers who sped to Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , and encountered what no person should ever have to see . The volunteer firefighters in Webster , New York , who were unconscionably cut down in a murderous ambush as they selflessly reported to a predawn blaze . The men and women who without hesitation risked their lives trying to rescue the victims of Superstorm Sandy . Very few of us will ever have the courage or the training or the physical strength of the first responders who have been in the news this year . But , by following the spirit of their example , we can set a goal for the new year that is about to begin -- for those blank pages of life that await . Unlike those who wear uniforms , the rest of us are not expected to hurry to crime scenes or fires or places of mass injury . But , far away from the wail of sirens , there is so much hurting and loneliness that surrounds us in this world , so much need and hunger and solitary despair . You do n't have to wear a badge to be a first responder ; you just have to keep your eyes open and be willing to help . To be the one who , without being asked , responds and offers assistance when no one else seems to be noticing . A kind word ; an inquiry about if there 's anything you can do ; a few moments of giving quiet encouragement . It is such an elementary , yet profound , decision to make as a new year begins : to choose to be a first responder in the broadest sense of that phrase . To be the person ever attuned to the sight and sound of need . To move toward that need without being summoned . To be the one who can be counted on . We have all been inspired and stirred this year by the valor of the real first responders . We prepare to enter a new year with all of the pages still blank , in readiness . How we fill them in is our choice . It awaits us , just around the bend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : With every new year , there 's an opportunity to start afresh Greene : The phrase "  first responders " has very much been in the news He says few will match the courage of police officers , firefighters Greene : Each of us can try to be a person attuned to the sight or sound of need
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A huge explosion rocked the area near the U.S. consulate in Afghanistan 's Herat province early Friday during a heavy gunfight between militants and security forces , officials said . The attack occurred just before 6 a.m. local time when attackers sped towards the front gate of the consulate , said Marie Harf , a deputy State Department spokeswoman . The attackers fired assault rifles starting a gun battle with Afghan security forces . During the battle , a truck exploded , Harf said , causing major damage to the front gate of the consulate . American consulate personnel took shelter in safe havens while U.S. security forces responded to the attack , Harf said . There were no U.S. casualties . Seven attackers traveling in two vehicles took part in the assault and all of them were killed , said Mohammad Ayoub Salangi , deputy Afghan Interior Minister . Three people , two local police officers and a local security guard , were killed , police and hospital officials said . Twenty others were injured . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in an e-mail to CNN . According to the SITE intelligence group , the Taliban said it killed and wounded dozens of International Security Assistance Force and Afghan soldiers . It said nine Taliban fighters died . Another communique said the Taliban was behind a suicide bombing that killed dozens of Afghans in Paktika , SITE reported . U.S. Ambassador James B. Cunningham condemned the attack and lamented the Afghan citizens who lost their lives . "  Many Afghan civilians were killed in the attack , along with others who work for the Consulate as contractors . We are deeply saddened by this senseless loss of life , " he said in a statement . Benghazi hit by blast on anniversary of U.S. consulate attack	NEW : Taliban says it conducted another attack elsewhere There were no U.S. casualties in the attack in Herat province Militants drove a truck towards the U.S. consulate gate The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- Saying it is "  unfair for Florida taxpayers to subsidize drug addiction , " Gov. Rick Scott on Tuesday signed legislation requiring adults applying for welfare assistance to undergo drug screening . "  It 's the right thing for taxpayers , " Scott said after signing the measure . "  It 's the right thing for citizens of this state that need public assistance . We do n't want to waste tax dollars . And also , we want to give people an incentive to not use drugs . " Under the law , which takes effect on July 1 , the Florida Department of Children and Family Services will be required to conduct the drug tests on adults applying to the federal Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program . The aid recipients would be responsible for the cost of the screening , which they would recoup in their assistance if they qualify . Those who fail the required drug testing may designate another individual to receive the benefits on behalf of their children . Shortly after the bill was signed , five Democrats from the state 's congressional delegation issued a joint statement attacking the legislation , one calling it "  downright unconstitutional . " "  Governor Scott 's new drug testing law is not only an affront to families in need and detrimental to our nation 's ongoing economic recovery , it is downright unconstitutional , " said Rep. Alcee Hastings . "  If Governor Scott wants to drug test recipients of TANF benefits , where does he draw the line ? Are families receiving Medicaid , state emergency relief , or educational grants and loans next ? " Rep. Corrine Brown said the tests "  represent an extreme and illegal invasion of personal privacy . " "  Indeed , investigating people when there is probable cause to suspect they are abusing drugs is one thing , " Brown said in the joint statement . "  But these tests amount to strip searching our state 's most vulnerable residents merely because they rely on the government for financial support during these difficult economic times . " Joining in the statement denouncing the measure were Democratic Reps. Kathy Castor , Ted Deutch and Frederica Wilson . Controversy over the measure was heightened by Scott 's past association with a company he co-founded that operates walk-in urgent care clinics in Florida and counts drug screening among the services it provides . In April , Scott , who had transferred his ownership interest in Solantic Corp. to a trust in his wife 's name , said the company would not contract for state business , according to local media reports . He subsequently sold his majority stake in the company , local media reported . On May 18 , the Florida Ethics Commission ruled that two conflict-of-interest complaints against Scott were legally insufficient to warrant investigation , and adopted an opinion that no "  prohibited conflict of interest " existed . Also on Tuesday , Scott also signed a measure outlawing hallucinogenic designer drugs known as "  bath salts . " "  The chemical substances found in ` bath salts ' constitute a significant threat to health and public safety , " the governor 's office said in a statement . "  Poison control centers in Florida have reported 61 calls of ` bath salts ' abuse , making Florida the state with the second-highest volume of calls . " The drugs "  are readily available at convenience stores , discount tobacco outlets , gas stations , pawnshops , tattoo parlors , and truck stops , among other locations , " the governor 's office said .	Gov. Rick Scott says measure saves tax dollars , provides "  incentive to not use drugs " Democrats slam law , saying tests "  represent an ... illegal invasion of personal privacy " Controversy arose over Scott 's association with company that did drug testing Scott also signs bill outlawing hallucinogenic "  bath salts " drugs
CNN  The last time Dr. Rick Sacra went to Liberia , he returned home to the United States in a medevac airplane , not sure if he would die of the Ebola he 'd contracted while taking care of patients . But Sacra recovered from the virus he contracted in August and Thursday he is headed back to Liberia . He calls the West African nation his "  second home . " He lived there from 1995 to 2010 and has made about a dozen trips since then . But he said this time he 'll have a different perspective . "  Having spent three days in the treatment unit in Liberia , I really feel for those who are sick , " Sacra said from his home in Holden , Massachusetts . The third American to contract Ebola , Sacra remembers the "  spartan " Liberian hospital with the uncomfortably thin mattress and the ever-present strong smell of bleach . Because doctors and nurses had to suit up in protective care , they only came around to see patients every three hours , so if he needed something he had to wait . "  You spend a lot of time alone and lonely , " he said . Sacra said he hopes this makes him a better doctor . "  I think it makes me more sensitive to where people are coming from and how they might be feeling and why they might be discouraged , " he said . Sacra was evacuated from Liberia to Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha , one of four hospitals in the United States with a biocontainment unit , where he received a blood transfusion from Dr. Kent Brantly , another American Ebola survivor , and the experimental drug TKM-Ebola . "  I never felt like I was not going to make it , " he said when he was released from the hospital on September 25 . This upcoming trip will be easier than his August trip in one big way : He wo n't have to worry about contracting Ebola , because he 's now immune to the strain of the disease responsible for the current epidemic . But it will be more difficult in another way : He knows many of his friends in Liberia lost family members and colleagues to Ebola this fall , and he wo n't be able to comfort them with a hug , because hugging , or even shaking hands , is forbidden in order to cut down on the spread of the disease . He said now that the number of Ebola patients in Liberia has gone down dramatically , he 's not needed to work in the Ebola ward . Instead , he 'll be involved in evaluating and triaging patients who come into the ELWA Hospital , run by SIM , a Christian missionary group . He hopes to return to his regular schedule of working four weeks in Liberia every three months . He said he misses the food -- potato greens , palm butter and peanut soup -- and he misses his friends and colleagues . He also hopes his trip reminds the rest of the world that Ebola , and many other diseases , are still a huge threat in West Africa . "  The needs in Liberia are still tremendous , " he said . "  Even before Ebola the health care system was very weak and barely functioning . I just feel that God has opened the door for me to make a difference . I was to continue doing that if I can . " CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report .	American Dr. Rick Sacra was medevaced back to the U.S. sick with Ebola He got sick while treating patients in Liberia He is heading back to continue his work in a medical facility there
CNN  -- More than 450,000 Pakistanis have fled their homes for safer areas in the past two weeks as the military has attacked suspected anti-government militant hideouts in northwestern Pakistan , disaster management officials said Tuesday . Many of the displaced civilians have moved from the North Waziristan region , where the military campaign is largely focused , to camps in Pakistan 's nearby Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province , according to the country 's army . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif held a special meeting with government ministers about the exodus on Tuesday , his office said . "  Government is with  the displaced citizens  in these hard times and they will be taken care of , " Sharif said . Pakistan launched a military operation in North Waziristan and other restive parts of Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas near the border with Afghanistan on June 15 . Defense Minister Khawaja Asif said the offensive is meant to "  finish off " militants in the area "  once and for all , " Asif told CNN . The Pakistani Taliban is among the targets . More than 250 insurgents have been killed , according to the army . That includes 47 killed in airstrikes Tuesday , including 27 in North Waziristan and 20 in a different portion of the tribal areas , the army said . The tribal areas are a base for anti-government militants , including those with the Islamist Haqqani movement . Scores of vehicles moved toward North Waziristan to evacuate stranded people . Local tribesmen complained last week that transporters were charging high rates because of a severe shortage of vehicles . About 455,590 people , including 191,897 children , have fled , according to Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Authority . Food and cooking oil are being distributed to the civilians at six locations in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , the army said . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Civilians flee North Waziristan as planes strike militants More than 250 insurgents have been killed , army says The Pakistani Taliban is among the targets
CNN  Aviation website AirlineRatings.com has just released its annual list of the world 's 10 safest airlines . Once again , Australian airline Qantas grabs the top spot . "  Qantas continues to lead the industry with safety innovations and its fleet is now the youngest -- 7.9 years -- it has been since the airline was privatized in 1995 , " AirlineRatings.com editor Geoffrey Thomas tells CNN . He says the airline is an industry benchmark for best practice and has taken the lead in virtually every major advancement in airline safety over the past 60 years . Rounding out the rest of the top 10 in alphabetical order are : Air New Zealand , British Airways , Cathay Pacific Airways , Emirates , Etihad Airways , EVA Air , Finnair , Lufthansa and Singapore Airlines . "  Our top 10 safest airlines are always at the forefront of safety innovation and launching new planes , " says Thomas . AirlineRatings.com 's rating system takes into account audits from aviation 's governing bodies and lead associations as well as government audits and the airlines ' fatality records . It also examines airlines ' operational histories , incident records and operational excellence . Of the the 449 airlines it monitors , 149 have the top seven-star safety ranking . This year , the site also included a list of the top 10 safest low cost airlines for 2015 . These are , in alphabetical order : Aer Lingus  Ireland  , Alaska Airlines  U.S  , Icelandair  Iceland  , Jetblue  U.S.  , Jetstar  Australia  , Kulula.com  South Africa  , Monarch Airlines  UK  , Thomas Cook  UK  , TUIfly  Germany  and WestJet  Canada  . "  Unlike a number of low cost carriers these airlines have all passed the stringent International Air Transport Association Operational Safety Audit audit and have excellent safety records , " says Thomas . "  Low cost does not mean low safety . " One fatal accident for every 1.3 million flights The release of the AirlineRatings.com list comes at a particularly sensitive time for fliers . While 2013 was one of the safest years in global aviation history , 2014 is considered one of the worst in recent years in terms of fatalities , due to several high-profile air incidents . AirlineRatings.com says there were 21 fatal accidents with 986 fatalities in 2014 -- higher than the 10-year average . However , looking to the positive there were only 111 crashes in 2014 , the lowest number in more than 80 years says the Geneva-based Bureau of Aircraft Accidents Archives , or BAAA . The last time the world had 111 crashes was in 1927 . "  If you consider sheer numbers of aircraft crashes , flying today is safer , " says Kane Ray , an analyst with the International Bureau of Aviation , a global aviation consulting group . "  However , there are more aircraft in the sky , so naturally the overall number may appear similar to previous decades and , in some categories of disaster , higher . " According to a report on AirlineRatings.com , the world 's airlines carried a record 3.3 billion passengers on 27 million flights in 2014 . "  Flashback 50 years and there were a staggering 87 crashes killing 1,597 when airlines carried only 141 million passengers -- 5 % of today 's number , " says the website . "  Another twist is that fatal accidents for 2014 were at a record low 21 -- one for every 1.3 million flights . Two of the crashes last year -- MH370 and MH17 -- were unprecedented in modern times and claimed 537 lives . " In March , Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 aboard . Officials believe that plane is somewhere in the Indian Ocean . But , nearly 10 months later , MH370 has n't been found . In July , Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot down over eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 aboard . Malaysia Airlines has a five out of seven ranking on AirlineRatings.com . AirAsia Indonesia -- still reeling from the crash of Flight QZ8501 , which went down over the Java Sea on December 28 with 162 people on board -- has a four out of seven star ranking . Prior to December , AirAsia had a near flawless safety record , with no previous fatal accidents . World 's unsafest airlines AirlineRatings.com says if an airline has a crash that involves the death of a passenger and/or crew members it will automatically receive a deduction of one star , giving it a lower safety rating . "  A crash involving fatalities carries with it a one star deduction for 10 years from the date of the incident , " says the website on a page explaining its ratings system . Of the 449 airlines surveyed by AirlineRatings.com , nearly 50 have just three stars or less . Four airlines only achieved one star for safety . Two are from Nepal -- Tara Air and Nepal Airlines -- joining Kazakhstan 's Scat Airlines and Afghanistan 's Kam Air . All four are on a list of airlines banned from flying within the European Union . The United States does n't blacklist individual airlines , but it does make public a list of countries it judges to fall short of international aviation safety standards . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Aviation site AirlineRatings.com says Qantas remains the world 's safest airline Of the the 449 airlines the website monitors , 149 have the top seven-star safety ranking The world 's airlines reportedly carried a record 3.3 billion passengers on 27 million flights in 2014
CNN  -- The Indian city of Mumbai exploded into chaos early Thursday morning as gunmen launched a series of attacks across the country 's commercial capital , killing scores of people and taking hostages in two luxury hotels frequented by Westerners . Deepak Chopra says extremists could be reacting to Barack Obama 's gestures toward Muslims . CNN 's Larry King spoke with author Deepak Chopra about the situation . Larry King : Let 's go to Dr. Deepak Chopra , the physician , philosopher . His new book is "  Jesus : A Story of Enlightenment . " Where were you born in India , Deepak ? Deepak Chopra : I was born in Delhi , but I have been in these hotels many , many times . I have stayed there , so I know the scene ; I know the restaurants . I have been trying to get in touch with my friends and relatives , some of whom I have spoken to , some of whom I ca n't speak to . The lines are jammed . We 're texting each other . A friend of mine from Egypt was in the restaurant at the Taj hotel when the firing started , and somehow she managed to avoid the fray , hid in a basement and is now holed up in a room which is right next to the Taj hotel and is waiting to be told what to do . The situation is complex , Larry , because it could inflame to proportions that we can not even imagine . It has to be contained . We now recognize that this is a global problem , with only a global effort can solve this . And you know , one of the things that I think is happening is that these militant terrorist groups are actually terrified that -LSB- President-elect Barack -RSB- Obama 's gestures to the rest of the Muslim world may actually overturn the tables on them by alienating them from the rest of the Muslim world , so they 're reacting to this . You know , this is Obama 's opportunity to actually harness the help of the Muslims . You know , there 's 1.8 billion Muslims in the world . That 's 25 percent of the population of the world . It 's the fastest-growing religion in the world . We can not , if we do not appease and actually recruit the help of this Muslim world , we 're going to have a problem on our hands . And we can not go after the wrong people , as we did after 9/11 , because then the whole collateral damage that occurs actually aggravates the situation . In India , this is particularly inflammatory , because there 's a rise of Hindu fundamentalism . We saw what that did in Gujarat , where , you know , Muslims were scorched and they were killed , and there was almost a genocide of the Muslims . India has 150 million Muslims . That 's more Muslims in India than in Pakistan . So this is an opportunity right now for India and Pakistan to recognize this is their common problem . It 's not a Muslim problem right now ; it 's a global problem . ... King : Do you think that this is just the beginning , that there 's a potential impact , or more ? Chopra : There is a potential impact of a lot more carnage . But it can be contained . And right now , one of the questions , you know , after I heard Barbara Starr talking about how coordinated this is , that there are militant groups that cross international boundaries , is who is financing this ? Where is the money coming from ? We have to ask very serious , honest questions . What role do we have in this ? Are our petrodollars funding both sides of this war on terrorism ? Why are we not asking the Saudis where that money is going that we give them ? Is it going through this supply chain to Pakistan ? It 's not enough for Pakistan to condemn it . Pakistan should cooperate with India in uprooting this . They should be part of the surgery that is going to happen . It 's not enough for Indians to blame Pakistanis . Indians should actually ask the Pakistanis to help them . And it 's not enough for us to worry about Westerners being killed and Americans being killed . Every life is precious over there . We have got to get rid of this idea that this is an American problem or a Western problem . It 's a global problem , and we need a global solution , and we need the help of all the Muslims , 25 percent of the world 's population , to help us uproot this problem . King : What does India immediately do ? Chopra : India at this moment has to contain any reactive violence from the fundamentalist Hindus , which is very likely and possible . So India has to condemn that by not blaming local Muslims . They have to identify the exact groups . And the world has to be very careful that they do n't go after the wrong people . Because if you go after the wrong people , you convert moderates into extremists . It happens every time , and retribution against innocent people just because they have the same religion actually aggravates and perpetuates the problem . King : Are you pessimistic ? Chopra : I think Mr. Obama has a real opportunity here , but a challenging opportunity , a creative opportunity . Get rid of the phrase "  war on terrorism . " Ask for a creative solution in which we all participate . King : Is it because the war on terrorism really can never be won because the terrorists  inaudible  ? Chopra : Because it 's an oxymoron . It 's an oxymoron , Larry , a war on war , a war on terrorism . You know , terrorists call mechanized death from 35,000 feet above sea level with a press of a button also terror . We do n't call it that , because our soldiers are wearing uniforms . They do n't see what is happening , and innocent people are being killed . So , you know , terror is a term that you apply to the other . King : Thanks , Deepak Chopra , as always , extraordinarily enlightening .	"  This is a global problem , " author Deepak Chopra says Barack Obama must use chance to get Muslims ' help , he says Officials must not go after the wrong people , Chopra says
The fight is said to have lasted a half-hour and pitted a leopard against a woman armed only with a farm tool in an isolated field in India . Kalama Devi , at 54 years old , won . Devi , a widow and mother of one , has been telling her story from a hospital bed in Srinagar , in Uttarakhand state , where she 's being treated for fractures , swelling , scratches and cuts to her skull that have required 50 stitches . "  I held the leopard with my hands , it then bit my hand and then left it . ... Both my hands are in immense pain and I am not able to lift them up , " she said . According to the doctor who 's treating her , the leopard pounced about 10 a.m. Sunday as Devi , who had been cutting grass with a sickle , walked through a field in the village of Koti Badma , in the Rudraprayag district of Uttarakhand . It fractured her left hand first , so with her right hand clutching the sickle she repeatedly hit the animal -- for about 30 minutes . Exhausted and bleeding She said she kept pounding the leopard until she ran out of energy , then , exhausted and bleeding , limped one kilometer to a nearby village to seek help , Dr. Abdul Rahul at the HNB Base Hospital in Srinagar told CNN . Villagers found the leopard dead when they went to the scene of the reported attack , the doctor said . It 's not the first leopard attack in the area , Rahul said , though he added it was more common to see injuries as the result of attacks by bears . Another woman was recently killed by a young male cat , which was shot dead by hunters , according to Digvijay Khati , chief wildlife warden in Uttarakhand . "  These are alarming incidents because usually leopards attack and kill dogs , goats or young children -- not adults , " Khati told CNN . He said the big cats ' natural habitat is shrinking , and their natural prey are becoming scarce . However , Khatis said , "  We can not say that the increase of human population in the areas is responsible , because attacks have even occurred where human population is less , and people are now moving out to the plains in search of work , " he said .	Leopard attacked Kalama Devi on Sunday morning in isolated field She repeatedly hit it with a sickle for half an hour until she was able to get away Exhausted and bleeding , she limped one kilometer to a nearby village for help Villagers found the leopard dead at the scene of the reported attack
CNN  -- From the world 's biggest manufacturer of mobile phone batteries to a car company with global pretensions , BYD is a Chinese company that has roared onto the international stage energized by its workaholic founder Wang Chuanfu . Building his own dreams : Wang Chuanfu has turned BYD into an international company in less than 15 years . Wang 's hands-on approach to running a business with 130,000 employees -- he still eats in the company canteen and lives in a BYD-owned housing complex -- is n't too far removed from how he built the company from scratch in 1995 when he was 29 years old . Wang trained as an engineer and studied the patents of other companies ' mobile phone batteries , even taking them apart to see how they were made . He raised some start-up capital from a relative to create his own mobile phone battery-making business in Shenzhen , the special economic zone just north of Hong Kong . BYD 's business approach differed from the likes of Sony and Sanyo by substituting an automated system for one of China 's biggest resources , physical labor . Employing thousands of people was cheaper than installing expensive robotic assembly lines , and by 2000 BYD had become the biggest mobile phone battery maker in the world . Wang bought a failing Chinese car company in 2003 to enter the automobile market , and BYD now has a number of models available in China , including a plug-hybrid car cheaper than the market-leading Toyota Prius . The success of BYD has attracted plenty of attention from industry analysts and investors from the West , including Warren Buffet . The billionaire American has invested $ 250 million in BYD , making even more people in the West sit up and take note of the company . Wang is n't content to just compete in the hybrid and electric car market in China ; he aims to keep BYD 's meteoric rise going and make it the world 's biggest car maker by 2025 . "  It is a big ambition . In January and February 2009 China was the world 's biggest automobile consuming market for those months . So based on this , China can sell more than 10 million automobiles this year . So maybe China can exceed the USA and become the biggest market in the world , " Wang told CNN . BYD stands for "  Build Your Dreams " and Wang is trying to fulfill the aspiration among many in China of creating a national champion ; a brand with international respect and reputation of quality . Wang believes the electric car can be that product , and BYD the company to do it . "  For new energy vehicles ... China is on the same level or even leading other countries . In the field of new energy cars , China hopes that Chinese companies can catch up with the rest of the world and catch up with the pace , " said Wang . But the term "  Made in China " still has a stigma attached to it . The scandals of tainted milk and toys that had to be recalled rocked China in 2008 and diminished the reputation of Chinese products abroad . "  This kind of ` Made in China ' is different from other types of ` Made in China . ' Our products have never been recalled , unlike many of our competitors . Judging from that , products made in China are sometimes better that those made elsewhere . As long as there are high-standards , Chinese manufacturing companies can definitely meet those standards , " said Wang . China also has acute environmental problems . It is the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases and Wang is aware that being an entrepreneur also means having an eye on the environmental impact of his business . "  As an entrepreneur , I think I have to consider both aspects . One part is the creation of a new business mode , or the revelation of new business competition . The other is that it 's for social responsibility , making our Earth bluer . "  Urban pollution , reliance on petroleum and emission of carbon dioxide are three problems that entrepreneurs have to consider for basic social responsibility , " said Wang .	Founder of car and battery company BYD that aims to be world leader Wang Chuanfu started the company in 1995 when he was 29 years old Made mobile phone batteries then expanded into car manufacturing Billionaire Warren Buffet has invested $ 250 million in the company
CNN  -- I am extremely proud of NBA Commissioner Adam Silver . He made the exact right move in banning Donald Sterling from the NBA for life and fining him $ 2.5 million for his offensive , racist comments . It sets a definitive tone not only for how we deal with racism in the NBA but also how we should be dealing with it in the country as a whole . I am not a politician . I am not a legislator . I 'm not an activist . I do have fame . I do have accolades . I played professional basketball . But all of this aside , I am a man , a black man . I grew up in the inner-city street projects of Baltimore , moving to North Carolina when I was 16 . My passion and love for a round orange ball has taken me to unimaginable heights , earning me a measure of success in the NBA . I have lived the majority of my life in the bright and narrow cast of a spotlight , so I know what it is like to live with the obligation to shape words into politically correct statements , and to mute my thoughts in moments of emotion . At times it is my job to do so . Hearing about , and then listening to , the Donald Sterling recordings early Saturday left me and my NBA family disgusted . As one of the premiere professional leagues in the world , we take pride in carrying the banner as one of the most diverse sports industries , with a commitment to fair racial hiring practices . More than 80 % of our players are men of color , and well over a third of them are African-American . Again , I 'm no activist . I have turned down more press requests and interviews surrounding the abhorrent comments of Sterling in the past two days than I care to number . And just when I thought I would refocus my energy on the most evenly matched NBA playoffs in my recollection , CNN offered me the opportunity to depress my mute button and comment on what has become a much bigger story than one man 's racist comments . Racism is a real problem that has survived through generations and generations in this country . It is time to use the opportunity to further the race discussion . Let me be clear . In my career as a basketball player and now as an executive with the Atlanta Hawks organization , I have never been subjected to racism in my workplace . But there is racism , sexism , bigotry everywhere in our society . As a black man growing up in the South , I have , of course , experienced it . There are many stories surrounding the Sterling recordings ; the motivation , who was involved , and so on . But the focus needs to turn to whether or not we will allow a multibillion dollar league and a country of multicultural influences to be consumed by the news cycle noise . The conversation must continue on a broader scale . This is bigger than basketball . Will this moment fade into the background ? Or will we as leaders of industry and community meet the need for continued discussion about the prevalence of racism in our country ? We live in a society where public perception dictates reality . So we carefully craft and weave sound bites and statements , giving the public enough until it moves into the next news cycle . The noise consumes 24 hours . Distracted , preoccupied , the public moves on to the next story . Can the gap be closed ? I for one am clearly choosing to accept the responsibility yet again to craft and weave my words in the spotlight in this case to open up and invite the continued conversation on racism . As professional athletes we live a privileged life . We 're blessed to make a living in line with the market , and the market generates billions of dollars only thanks to the fans that pay to watch our sports and buy our brands . But we are employees at the end of the day . We expect a safe and fair environment to do what we are paid to do . We expect to advance in executive positions where qualifications dictate and where we have been given the opportunity to shine -- not because of our race or gender , but because of our abilities . We pour our passion into our jobs , and we accept our paychecks gladly . Just like any other work space , we will always run across people who will be jealous of the individual success of another or the flip side of that , find ourselves boxed in because of the direct selfish intentions of the powers in positions above you . In the competitive business of professional sports , there will always be those in positions of ultimate power whose job it is to dictate your very future based on a laundry list of reasons . As an executive with a level of significant impact and inherent power , you are expected to carry yourself with dignity , respect , integrity and thoughtfulness . A leader should exhibit these qualities at all times . I have been extremely fortunate to play for and work for some of the greatest owners the NBA has ever had , and I continue to value those relationships because of the qualities they showed not just in business , but more important , in life . I feel deep disdain that this discussion of race was generated out of the highest level of the very sport that has given me so much happiness , confidence and success . It is with my obligation as a representative of the NBA to uphold the values we live and lead by as well as share my experiences with the next generation to make our sport and community better . It is my deep desire to impress upon current and future players that NBA leadership will continue to strip away the layers of underlying and seemingly unchecked racism . As for Sterling 's comments , they really mean nothing in the big picture . In the end , he will be one man , one ignorantly misguided outlier who galvanized and brought even closer the tightknit community of the NBA . He will be consumed by the noise of yet another news cycle and forgotten . It is incumbent upon us as executive leaders and community leaders to continue to be outspoken to ensure the lessons of this moment do not become part of that same noisy news cycle . The conversation is way bigger than any one man .	NBA Hall of Famer , Hawks exec Dominique Wilkins happy Sterling banned for life Wilkins : Sterling 's offensive comments an opportunity to speak out against racism Wilkins : Sterling will fade into the background , just one ignorant , misguided outlier Wilkins says racism in U.S. bigger than one man and conversation must continue
CNN  -- A 30-meter - turbine anchored to the seafloor off the Scottish coast is proving that tidal farms are a turn closer to being a viable renewable energy source . Scottish Power completed preliminary trials of the giant undersea turbine in the fast-flowing coastal waters off the Orkney Islands . It found that the turbine produced one megawatt of electricity , enough to power 500 homes and businesses . "  We 're very pleased with the initial results and we 've operated at full power already , " says Alan Mortimer , head of innovation at Scottish Power Renewables . If the next stage of testing goes according to plan , Mortimer says that work will soon begin on a fleet of the turbines -- manufactured by Andritz Hydro Hammerfest -- and will be installed at another site in the Sound of Islay off the west coast of Scotland . Although there are examples of similar stand-alone operations in Norway and the UK , the Sound of Islay turbines would be the first large group of its kind anywhere in the world . When fully operational it is estimated to produce electricity for 5,000 homes . Other countries with strong tidal resources and potential sites for tidal power farms include Argentina , Chile , the U.S. and Canada . Compared to offshore wind farms , tidal energy devices like the turbine trialed in Scotland are completely hidden from view . They are criticized for being potentially harmful to marine life , but Mortimer contends that because the turbine 's propellers move relatively slowly , the impact on fish and other forms of sea life is minimal . See also : World 's oceans are ` plasticized ' Scottish Power says that it already has planning consent and a lease for the seabed where the tidal farm will be built . However the main obstacle to the implementation of more tidal farms remains the cost . "  We have publicly stated that we expect the capital costs of the Islay project to be around  # 70 million  $ 110 million  , " says Mortimer , which equates to roughly $ 11 million per turbine . The 10 megawatts of power that will be generated by the Sound of Islay turbine farm pales into insignificance when compared to the output of a large nuclear or coal power station , which according to American hydro energy non-profit the Ocean Energy Council , can produce up to 100 times as much electricity . Mortimer is quick to point out that he believes such challenges are inevitable in developing new technologies and that costs would fall and efficiencies improve as the fledgling industry develops . "  The estimate for the UK in terms of wave and tidal is that it could eventually produce in excess of 10 % of the country 's electricity requirements , " says Mortimer . "  That 's definitely big enough to make it of interest for us to pursue it . "	Scottish Power Renewables has successfully tested a new type of underwater tidal turbine The device can produce 1 megawatt of electricity , enough to power 500 homes and businesses A fleet of ten underwater turbines could be installed off the West coast of Scotland This would be the first sub sea turbine farm anywhere in the world
Data from communications between satellites and missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was released Tuesday , more than two months after relatives of passengers say they requested that it be made public . But criticism quickly emerged suggesting that the information provided lacks important elements that would help outside experts put the official version of events to the test . Malaysian authorities published a 47-page document containing hundreds of lines of communication logs between the jetliner and the British company Inmarsat 's satellite system . The information provided is n't the whole picture but is "  intended to provide a readable summary of the data communication logs , " the notes at the beginning of the document say . In the weeks following the plane 's March 8 disappearance , a team of international experts used the satellite data and other information , including radar data and engine performance calculations , to conclude that the aircraft ended up in a remote area of the southern Indian Ocean . Some passengers ' families , unsatisfied by the official explanation of the plane 's fate , say they want an independent analysis of the complex information , a process that could take some time . Michael Exner , one of the most vocal experts among those calling for the release of the data , said a very preliminary review suggested that there were gaps in the notes explaining the data . The explanatory notes at the start of the document "  answer a few of the questions we have had , but leave many questions unanswered , " he told CNN . CNN safety analyst David Soucie said certain key elements , which would allow independent experts to fully test the official conclusion , are missing from the data in the document . "  There 's not enough information to say whether they made an error , " he said . "  I think we 're still going to be looking for more . " Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce acknowledged Tuesday that the company did n't release the model to which it applied the data to estimate the plane 's path -- and said the decision on whether to release the model lies with the Malaysian government , which is leading the search . "  We 'd be perfectly happy to put that model out , " Pearce told CNN 's "  New Day . " But Pearce also told CNN that the released data is enough -- along with engine and radar data -- for experienced third parties to plug into their own models and reach their own conclusions . "  You should n't read anything into any gaps in the data , " Inmarsat Senior Vice President Chris McLaughlin told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " on Tuesday . "  This is a very goodwill and focused way that we 're trying to communicate our best impression of what happened . " Sarah Bajc , whose partner , Philip Wood , was on the missing jet , said she was "  annoyed " that Inmarsat and Malaysian authorities had n't released everything they used to reach their conclusions . "  I see no reason for them to have massaged this before giving it to us , " she said . Is Inmarsat right ? Data guided search For weeks , Inmarsat said it did n't have the authority to release the data , deferring to Malaysian authorities , who are in charge of the search for the plane that disappeared over Southeast Asia while on a scheduled flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . Last week , the two sides announced that they would aim to make the information available to the public . The satellite signals -- called "  handshakes " -- with MH370 were part of a larger set of data that investigators have used to try to establish the whereabouts of the missing Boeing 777 with 239 people on board . The handshakes continued to take place for roughly six hours after the aircraft dropped off radar screens . Months of searching by dozens of planes and ships in the southern Indian Ocean has so far turned up no wreckage , and investigators have not been able to say for sure where the remains of MH370 might be . The underwater search for the missing plane will effectively be put on hold this week , and may not resume until August at the earliest , according to Australia 's top transport safety official . Analysts have said the release of the satellite data could help discount some theories about what happened to the jetliner , and potentially fuel new ones . Relatives of people who were on the passenger jet , scientists studying its disappearance and media covering the search have become increasingly critical about the lack of public information about why the search has focused on the southern Indian Ocean . "  I think far too much has been left to experts who have remained behind the curtain , " said K.S. Narendran , whose wife , Chandrika Sharma , was on the flight . Inmarsat confident Even though more than 80 days have passed without searchers finding any wreckage from the plane , Inmarsat officials say they remain confident in their data . "  Yes , to a high degree of probability , we are certain that our data is right , " McLaughlin said Tuesday . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Richard Quest last week , Inmarsat 's vice president of satellite operations said the company 's calculations have been tested by other people . "  No one has come up yet with a reason why it should n't work with this particular flight when it has worked with others , " Mark Dickinson said . "  And it 's very important this is n't just an Inmarsat activity . There are other people doing investigations , experts who are helping the investigation team , who have got the same data , who made their own models up and did the same thing to see if they got the same results and broadly speaking , they got roughly the same answers . " Experts came to the conclusion that the plane had ended up in the southern Indian Ocean by piecing together three types of information , he said . "  We have actually the messages from the ground station to the plane and back again . That essentially tells you the terminal is switched on and powered up . We have some timing information and in addition to that there were some frequency measurements , " he said . The timings told them the distance between the plane and the satellite , enabling them to map out arcs . Then they factored in frequency differences , determining that the plane had headed south . ` The right work ' It was a startling conclusion -- and Dickinson says investigators made sure to repeatedly check their calculations before sharing them . "  You want to make sure when you come to a conclusion like that , that you 've done the right work , the data is as you understand it to be , " he said . Now , Dickinson says he 's well aware that the entire weight of the search rests on the Inmarsat data . "  This is all the data we have for what has happened for those six or so hours , " he said . "  It 's important we all get it right and particularly that everyone looking at the data makes the best judgments on it and how it 's used . And particularly for the families and friends of the relatives on board , try and make sure that we can help bring this sad incident to a close . " Quest said he thinks the expertise of the Inmarsat team and the level of testing to which their work was subjected justifies their confidence in their conclusions . "  It is up to the detractors and doubters to come up and say why they believe it 's wrong , " he said . "  Not the other way around . " Bajc acknowledged that independent analysis of the data may support Inmarsat 's conclusions . "  That would be a fine outcome as far as I 'm concerned , " she said . But if the independent experts come up with alternative flight paths based on the data , Bajc said , then "  those need to be investigated . " The wait for data The issue of making the satellite data public has become the cause of confusion and contradictory statements . Bajc said the families had first asked for the data more than two months ago . "  It seemed a relatively innocent request " at the time , she said , but authorities refused to release it . Malaysian officials told CNN earlier this month that their government did not have the data . But Inmarsat officials said the company provided all of it to Malaysian officials "  at an early stage in the search . " "  We 've shared the information that we had , and it 's for the investigation to decide what and when it puts out , " McLaughlin said earlier this month . But a senior Malaysian official told CNN that the government needed Inmarsat 's help to pass on the data to families "  in a presentable way . " "  We are trying to be as transparent as possible , " the official said . "  We have no issues releasing the data . " Bajc said the delay only added to questions surrounding the information . "  It 's a little curious to me why this had to become such a big deal , " she said Tuesday . Did Inmarsat data point Flight 370 searchers in wrong direction ? Cannes : Movie maker courts controversy with MH370 thriller	"  You should n't read anything into any gaps in the data , " Inmarsat official says Inmarsat CEO : We did n't release model we used to crunch data ; it 's up to Malaysian government The information is lacking important elements , a CNN safety analyst says A passenger 's partner says she 's annoyed more information was n't released
CNN  -- Hurricane Felicia weakened Friday as it headed toward Hawaii and may continue to wane , but forecasters have not discounted the threat of flooding on the island chain . Hurricane Felicia is expected to reach Hawaii by Monday and continue to weaken on its way . The storm was downgraded to a Category 2 hurricane as it moved west-northwest toward Hilo , Hawaii , at 13 mph  20 kmh  . Felicia 's maximum sustained winds slowed from 140 mph  220 kmh  Thursday to near 100 mph  185 kmh  as of 8 a.m. PT Friday , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami , Florida . Felicia is expected to weaken further as it moves over cooler waters , according to the hurricane center . Felicia could reach Hawaii by Monday , but by that time it may have weakened to a tropical depression or tropical storm , said meteorologist Derek Wroe at the Central Pacific Hurricane Center in Honolulu , Hawaii . See hurricane ratings , what they mean , and how to keep safe " Even if the storm does not hit Hawaii as a hurricane , it can still cause flooding damage , Wroe said . " -LSB- Storms and depressions -RSB- bring a lot of moisture with them and the wind may not be as strong when it comes in with a depression , but a depression is sometimes just as capable as bringing in flooding as a tropical storm , " Wroe said . Felicia is about 1,280 miles east  2,060 kilometers  of the Big Island , according to the weather service . Wroe expects the hurricane to continue westward after it strikes Hawaii , bringing rain to one or more of the islands for a day or part of a day as it moves along , he said . If the hurricane sweeps through each island , it could take a couple of days before Hawaii is in the clear , he said .	NEW : Hurricane Felicia , now Category 2 , likely to keep weakening Felicia might be tropical depression or storm when it reaches Hawaiian islands Forecasters say it could still cause flooding as it passes over
CNN  -- The agent who penetrated al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and returned from Yemen with the group 's new "  airline bomb " was always under Saudi control and was not a double-agent , two sources briefed by Saudi counterterrorism officials have told CNN . One source told CNN that the device was recovered around April 20 , more than a week before the first anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden , and was then handed over to the United States for forensic analysis . One source said that from the very beginning , the infiltrator was working for Saudi intelligence . The other said Saudi intelligence was involved "  from A to Z. " The source added that the agent involved had moved in the "  jihadist orbit " in Saudi Arabia before being recruited . The agent was sent to Yemen "  months and months " ago , when Saudi sources in Yemen reported indications that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , might be again preparing a plot against U.S. aviation , one source said . These were the first indications "  that al Qaeda might be trying again , " according to one source , after the Christmas Day 2009 underwear bomb plot and the laser-printer bombs dispatched from Yemen in October 2010 . The whole operation was personally overseen by Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , the head of Saudi counterterrorism , one source said . Initial reports had not revealed the extent of Saudi involvement . At one point , the Saudi agent reported that a device was being built , and the Saudis then informed the United States , according to one of the latest sources , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity , citing the sensitivity of the information . The agent then received training on the device from AQAP instructors . According to one source the device contained PETN explosive , the same explosive used in previous attacks by AQAP 's master bomb-maker Ibrahim al Asiri . Describing the bomb , one source said it was smaller than previous bombs made by al-Asiri . The other said it contained an amount of explosive similar to that hidden inside laser printers that were sent from Yemen in October 2010 . The printer devices contained 300 to 400 grams of explosive and had a larger amount of high explosive than carried in the Christmas Day flight from Amsterdam to Detroit . One source told CNN the device was designed to be worn in clothing . There has been no confirmation from other sources of that detail . The source said the device was "  more advanced " than the underwear device , as al-Asiri was trying to rectify past mistakes . The device in 2009 failed to detonate , apparently because the detonation charge failed to set off the PETN explosives . The source added that AQAP bomb-makers apparently believed that in the case of the Christmas Day plot they had got the initiator mechanism wrong , and that the mistake in that case was to mix acids slowly in an effort to begin the detonation . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters Tuesday that the device is "  similar to the underwear bomber of 2009 , but an evolution to that . " Saudi intelligence had hoped that their agent would be able to get information about al-Asiri 's whereabouts , but the agent did not meet al-Asiri , one source said . One source cautioned : "  Even if al-Asiri is eventually killed , we should not celebrate , because he has trained many people . " It is still unclear how the device left Yemen . One Arab source familiar with the investigation said he assumed it had been carried on a plane , which would raise troubling questions about airport security in the capital , Sanaa . But another hinted that it had been carried overland , in the possession of the Saudi mole . One source said Saudi counterterrorism officials were upset that details of the operation had emerged in the United States because they had a network of agents inside AQAP who could be compromised by leaks from Washington . The sources also questioned suggestions that the infiltrator 's information led to the successful drone strike over the weekend that targeted Fahd al-Quso , a leading figure in AQAP . The Saudi agent did not meet al-Quso while in Yemen , according to one source . The sources said AQAP has better resources than previously and is using the safe haven created in southern Yemen to good effect . The group has developed laboratories and is extending training in chemistry and bomb-making , he said . "  At the moment they can operate in relative freedom , " the source said . The Saudi concern over the leak of information about the mole infiltrating AQAP was echoed by the chairman of the U.S. House Homeland Security Committee . "  It 's really , to me , unfortunate that this has gotten out , because this could really interfere with operations overseas , " Rep. Peter King of New York told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . "  My understanding is a major investigation is going to be launched because of this . " A senior administration official told CNN that officials were debating whether to release photographs of the device to law enforcement agencies . On one side of the argument , Transportation Safety Administration screeners and law enforcement might more easily identify any similar devices made as part of the same plot , the official said . But officials were reluctant to do so out of concern that the photographs would be leaked to the news media and that the would-be bombers would learn what law enforcement knows -- and might not know -- about the bomb 's workings . John Brennan , the chief White House counterterrorism adviser , who told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Tuesday that officials believe redundant security systems would have prevented any airline bombing attempt from succeeding , but analysts were studying the device to see whether security procedures should be adjusted . "  We 're trying to make sure that we take the measures that we need to prevent any other type of IED , similarly constructed , from getting through security procedures , " Brennan said . A Department of Homeland Security spokesman said authorities have "  no specific , credible information regarding an active terrorist plot against the U.S. at this time . " But another U.S. official told CNN , "  We are not ready to say the threat stream is over . We believe external plotting continues . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , National Security Contributor Fran Townsend , Pam Benson , Elise Labott , Jessica Yellin and Nic Robertson and journalist Hakim al-Masmari contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	NEW : Saudi intelligence was involved "  from A to Z , " a source says NEW : The Saudi intelligence chief oversaw the operation , a source says NEW : The bomb-maker rectified earlier mistakes , a source says The leak about a mole involved in the operation is "  unfortunate , " a U.S. lawmaker says
Paul Oliver , a former defensive back for the University of Georgia and the San Diego Chargers , was found dead this week , apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot . His death marks the latest in a string of suicides among former professional football players . "  Everyone in the Chargers family is sad today after hearing the news about Paul , " a statement from the NFL team said . "  He was part of our family for five years . At just 29 years old , he still had a lifetime in front of him . Right now all of our thoughts and prayers are with his family during this most difficult time . " A tale of two former NFL players -- and their brains Oliver leaves behind a wife and two children , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported . "  We appreciate all the thoughts and prayers , " Oliver 's family said in a statement to The San Diego Union-Tribune . "  We request privacy in the wake of this tragic loss . " Mark Richt , coach of the University of Georgia Bulldogs , called it "  a very sad day . " "  I just want to say it 's been rough , " he told reporters . "  I just want to tell everybody in his family that we 're thinking about them and we love them . We 'll do whatever we can to help . " Police found Oliver 's body Tuesday night at the bottom of a set of stairs in a home in Marietta , Georgia , Cobb County police spokesman Sgt. Dana Pierce said . A family member had called 911 . The county medical examiner ruled the death a suicide by handgun and gave police authorization to release the cause . Opinion : Junior Seau was hurting and did n't know how to say it Oliver played for the Chargers from 2007 to 2011 , recording 144 tackles in 57 games . A former teammate , Eric Weddle , described Oliver as "  charismatic , funny but also quiet and reserved , " The Union-Tribune reported . "  He never said a bad word about anyone . Just a good , genuine guy . " Oliver 's high school coach in Georgia , Bruce Cobleigh , said Oliver was a leader . "  This is a real tough situation for everybody because this is n't Paul , " Cobleigh told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  This is surprising , shocking . He was really outgoing . He was really well-liked , a leader , hard , hard worker . ' Cobleigh said he had n't talked with his former player in recent years as much as when he was in Georgia , but the coach had fielded calls much of Wednesday from former teammates of Oliver who were all surprised by his death . The circumstances of his apparent suicide were not immediately clear . Suicides of some other former NFL players involved brain injuries . Former NFL player wants brain studied Star NFL linebacker Junior Seau was 43 when he took his own life in May 2012 . The National Institutes of Health later found he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , a neurodegenerative brain disease that can follow multiple hits to the head . A study published in December in the journal Brain looked at brain tissue of 34 professional football players after they died . All but one showed evidence of disease . NFL Concussions Fast Facts In April 2012 , former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling , 62 , committed suicide . An autopsy found signs of CTE . In February 2011 , former Chicago Bears defensive back Dave Duerson , 50 , committed suicide with a gunshot to the chest , rather than his head , so his brain could be researched for CTE . Boston University researchers found the disease in his brain . In December 2012 , Jovan Belcher of the Kansas City Chiefs killed his girlfriend before taking his own life . His remains were not tested for CTE , media reports said . The NFL launched a crisis support line in July 2012 for players , former players and their families . Called NFL Life Line , it operates independently from the NFL and promises to keep all calls confidential . "  There is no higher priority for the National Football League than the health and wellness of our players , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell wrote in a letter to personnel and fans at the time . NFL and ex-players reach deal in concussion lawsuit	High school coach says everyone is stunned by Paul Oliver 's suicide The University of Georgia coach vows to "  do whatever we can to help " Paul Oliver 's family Oliver leaves behind a wife and two children Suicides of some other NFL players have involved brain injuries
CNN  Dozens of militants -- believed to be ISIS members -- attacked several Iraqi security posts and checkpoints in western Iraq 's Anbar province Tuesday morning , leaving at least 11 people dead and 18 others wounded , security officials in Iraq said . The attacks , involving a suicide bomber , rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns , happened in the town of Jubbat al Shamiya , about 150 miles  240 kilometers  northwest of Baghdad , security officials in the Anbar capital of Ramadi said . Anbar is a western province largely controlled by ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the Sunni Muslim extremist group that has used brutal tactics such as mass kidnappings , beheadings and other abuses against civilians and armed foes to capture vast swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria in the past few years . Most of those killed and wounded in Tuesday 's attacks were Iraqi security force and local Awakening Council members , the security officials said . Awakening Councils , also known as the Sons of Iraq and Sahawat , are made up of Sunni Muslim fighters who turned against al Qaeda and have been active in Iraq since 2006 . The U.S.-backed councils were credited as being a major factor in a drop in violence across Iraq a few years ago , after the strife that followed the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in 2003 . But council members recently have become targets for ISIS , which has waged war to establish what it says is an Islamic caliphate . Also Tuesday , ISIS militants attacked the Albu Risha police station in northern Ramadi , killing several police officers and injuring at least two other people , the security officials said . The battle for the station began early Tuesday , the Ramadi security officials said . After about two hours of clashes between ISIS militants and police officers , ISIS managed to take over the station . Ramadi is about 70 miles  110 kilometers  west of Baghdad . The Anbar capital has been one of the province 's few holdouts against ISIS . Anbar is home to Al Asad Air Base , where 320 U.S. troops , mostly Marines , are stationed as part of an effort to advise and assist Iraqi forces fighting ISIS . ISIS ' campaign , and the military response to it by Iraqi forces supported by air power from a U.S.-led international coalition , left a bloody toll in Iraq in 2013 . At least 17,049 civilians were recorded killed in Iraq last year , roughly double the number recorded in 2013 , according to the Iraq Body Count monitoring project . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Militants attacked checkpoints with suicide bombing , grenades and guns , officials say Most of those killed and injured were members of Iraqi security forces and Awakening Councils ISIS also took over police station in Anbar 's capital , killing several police officers , officials say
Thanks to testimony and "  real-time " video , lawmakers said they got their clearest picture yet Thursday of the deadly attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Libya , though questions and tensions remain as to how President Barack Obama 's administration handled the matter . Republicans and Democrats who attended closed-door sessions of the House and Senate intelligence committees described what they heard and saw as informative , albeit not necessarily conclusive . They vowed to keep asking questions , and keep holding hearings , to determine not only how Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans died but also whether officials were forthright in the attack 's aftermath . "  A lot of light was shone on this situation , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein said after a hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee , which she chairs . "  But we do n't have all the facts yet . We are , in effect , fact-finding . " Added the committee 's vice chairman , Georgia Republican Saxby Chambliss , "  Were mistakes made ? Gosh , we know mistakes were made , and we 've got to learn from that . " Legislators saw a "  real-time film  showing  exactly what happened " on September 11 in Benghazi , starting before the attack began up "  through the incident and the exodus , " said Feinstein . A source familiar with the House committee hearing said the video included shots of Stevens being dragged out of the building . Sen. Dan Coats , an Indiana Republican , described the footage as "  a combination of video from a surveillance camera and a drone . " "  It gave us a good picture , from the surveillance standpoint , what was happening , " Coats said . Besides learning more about the attack , some Republicans in recent days have focused on comments made by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice days afterward , when she suggested the attack came after a protest against an anti-Muslim video produced in the United States . Several of those Republicans -- including Sen. John McCain of Arizona , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Rep. Peter King of New York -- have vowed to block any effort to nominate Rice as secretary of state should Hillary Clinton step down . Sen. Rand Paul : Heads should roll over Benghazi , but Rice is not the issue "  What is clear is that this administration , including the president himself , has intentionally misinformed -- read that , lied -- to the American people in the aftermath of this tragedy , " said Rep. Dana Rohrabacher of California , a GOP member of the House Foreign Affairs committee that on Thursday convened a panel of experts not directly connected with the Benghazi attack . "  The arrogance and dishonesty reflected in all of this is a little bit breathtaking . " Obama himself has stepped into the fray , saying Wednesday that those who criticize Rice "  because they think she 's an easy target , then they 've got a problem with me . " His comments did n't appear to dampen GOP criticisms of Rice and , thus , the Obama administration at Thursday 's House Intelligence Committee hearing . A source familiar with that briefing said one Republican House member "  got into it " with acting CIA Director Michael Morrel and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper about Rice 's comments , challenging why they were n't as strong as they should have been on whether an extremist element was involved in the attack . Obama : Republican criticism over Rice ` outrageous ' After that hearing , Rep. Adam Schiff echoed the president 's comments on Rice , saying those "  claiming that the U.N. ambassador had some different information ... are either unfamiliar with the facts or willfully ignoring them . " The California Democrat said the ambassador got the same assessment as lawmakers that the violence in Benghazi began with "  a spontaneous protest that evolved into something militant . " "  We were given a very early assessment of events in Benghazi , and we were given an unclassified version that we could share with the public . That unclassified version turned out to be inaccurate , as we found out later , " Schiff said . It was not clear if Rice 's comments came up at the corresponding Senate hearing , though Feinstein did say , "  We had a good back and forth , and it was not always the easiest thing for everybody . " Then-CIA Director David Petraeus -- who is set to testify Friday before the House and Senate intelligence committees , one week after resigning citing an extramarital affair -- did develop unclassified talking points in the days after the incident , a source who has spoken to him said . But he had no direct involvement in comments made by Rice , which may have used some of Petraeus ' information but were otherwise distinct , the source said . Petraeus is testifying because he wants to clear up "  a lot of misrepresentations of what he told Congress initially , " said the source , who is directly familiar with the ex-CIA chief 's analysis of the situation . Pentagon releases official timeline of Benghazi attack He knew "  almost immediately " that Ansar al-Sharia , a loosely connected radical Islamist group , was responsible for the attack , as suggested by multiple sources and video from the scene , said the source . At the same time , a stream of intelligence -- including about 20 distinct reports -- also emerged indicating that a brewing furor over the anti-Islamic video preceded the attack . The CIA eventually disproved the reports that film-related protests had anything to do with the attack . But this did n't happen until after Petraeus ' initial briefings to lawmakers , in which he discussed all the possibilities , the source said . Petraeus ' told Kyra Phillips of HLN , CNN 's sister network , that his resignation was not linked to the Benghazi attack and that he never passed classified information to the woman he was having an affair with . Petraeus : I did not pass on classified info	"  A lot of light was shone , ... but we do n't have all the facts , " Sen. Feinstein says A "  real-time " video combined surveillance and drone footage , senators say A GOP House member "  got into it " with intel officials over Susan Rice 's comments Petraeus will testify to clear up "  misrepresentations " he told Congress , a source says
CNN  -- John Isner of the United States and his French opponent Nicolas Mahut made tennis history at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they contested the longest grand slam singles match of all time -- and it is still to be finished . It was called off for the day due to bad light at 59 games all in the fifth and deciding set after 10 hours of action on Court 18 at the All England Club . During the marathon fifth set , the pair surpassed the previous record of six hours and 33 minutes set at the 2004 French Open , when Fabrice Santoro beat fellow Frenchman Arnaud Clement 6-4 6-3 6-7 3-6 16-14 . The duration of the fifth set alone , currently standing at seven hours and six minutes , beat the previous record . The giant Isner has also set a world record for aces in a match , sending down 98 with Mahut notching up 95 . "  Nothing like this will ever happen again , ever , " said a visibly shattered Isner . "  I do n't know what to say . " Isner had match point at 59-58 , but Mahut saved it with an ace and went on to level again . Match officials then called the game off at 9:10 pm local time although Isner wanted to play on . Mahut , who had appeared the less tired , said : "  We played for too long , I do n't know how many hours we played . " The first round match had been stopped the previous night due to bad light and had still not been finished 24 hours later . It was watched by a crowd of less than 800 on the outside court , but as news spread of the incredible final set , fans and players gathered around to attempt to catch a glimpse of one of the most remarkable matches in sporting history . Defending champion Roger Federer summed it up . "  This is beyond anything I 've ever seen . It 's absolutely amazing , " he told gathered reporters . "  I have almost no words anymore watching this . I do n't know how their bodies must be feeling . This is incredible tennis . Someone has to lose , but in this match both will be winners . " Tournament officials will have a headache on Thursday as both men are due to begin their third-round matches , if they can be eventually separated after their epic encounter which has so far stretched for 163 games .	John Isner and Nicolas Mahut set world record in marathon tennis match at Wimbledon The match is the longest in terms of time at 10 hours and also games contested Isner and Mahut tied at 59 games all in fifth and final set when bad light stopped play Isner has set world record of 98 aces with Mahut powering down 95
CNN  -- "  I saw these seats before the tournament began but it 's not a good way to deal with it . It 's a kind of segregation , " explains Dr. Guilherme Cotta , a bariatric  weight-loss  surgeon in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Cotta is referring to the 4,750 extra-wide seats made available in the stadiums of this year 's World Cup to accommodate Brazil 's burgeoning obesity problem . Set aside at the ends of rows throughout the stadium , the low-backed , wide-set seats for obese people have been built in accordance with Brazilian law , in which obesity is classed as a disability and must be accommodated . After their national team 's humiliating exit from the World Cup , Brazilians ' immediate concerns might be the country 's footballing future , rather than its health , but obesity has become mainstream in Brazilian society and is continuing to rise . In 2012 , around one in seven Brazilians were classed as obese . Globally , Brazil is far behind countries such as the United States and Mexico , where around a third of people are obese , but the concern is the rapid rate of weight gain . The country once vulnerable to malnutrition and the associated health impacts , such as impaired growth , is instead now vulnerable to obesity and resulting heart disease and diabetes . In 1975 just 19 % of Brazilian men and 29 % of Brazilian women were overweight : In 2014 those figures are now 54 % and 48 % respectively . "  The transition to becoming overweight has been rapid in the whole of Latin America over the past 20 years and countries have gone from having below 10 % of their population overweight to over 50 % , " explains Ricardo Uauy , Professor of Public Health Nutrition at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine . "  Brazil is very diverse -- in the south it is like Europe but in the north you have regions of poverty and then in the Amazon basin you have rural indigenous populations , " he explains . "  But all over the country low-income populations have become dependent on food that is high in both carbohydrates and sugars . " This change in consumption has led to a rapid change in weight and therefore health . Cotta operates on obese people who come to him with no other hope , in a country once known for its beautiful beach bodies . "  When I first started as a bariatric surgeon I had maybe one patient a week , but now I have five to 10 per week " explains Cotta , who has been treating obese patients for 10 years . "  At first it was people wanting to be beautiful again , but now people are coming from across the country with a sense to be healthy . " Bariatric surgery involves a range of surgical procedures with the overall aim of reducing a patient 's appetite and food consumption . It is , in Cotta 's eyes , a last resort for patients who have become "  morbidly obese " and is not for those who are simply overweight . The key to helping them is a change in diet and consumption habits , which have changed extensively in recent years . Uauy puts it down to changes in the food people now have access to . "  Healthy foods have become more expensive , " he says . Communities across the country -- both urban and rural -- have reduced their intake of fruit and vegetables to include more meat , sugar and processed foods . Globalization has enabled even the most rural of residents to access processed foods ; Nestle , for example , has provided scheduled boats since 2010 that serve as floating supermarkets for communities residing along the Amazon . Remote communities can now buy branded goods and often to choose those instead of local farm produce . "  In Brazil , being thin is associated with poverty , so culture has accepted being heavier as a desirable trait , " says Uauy . This dramatic change in food culture has made cardiovascular disease and stroke the leading cause of death in the country according to Uauy -- followed closely by diabetes . Public health teams are calling for a change in attitudes towards health . "  The healthy choices need to become the easy choices , " explains Uauy . "  The poor are growing as fast as the rich and everyone needs to understand more about what they are eating . " This is n't a problem unique to Brazil . However , the Brazilian government , and ministry of health , are taking the matter seriously and have been heralded for their recent projects issuing food guidelines for the public and creating programs for schools to source 40 % of their food locally as childhood obesity is approaching adult levels . Cotta believes in the power of changing national eating habits . "  Surgery is a radical way to treat obesity and only for the patients I see , for which it is a necessity to live , " he says . But he believes it may be necessary to target key populations at first . "  Morbid obesity is concentrated inside the city so we need to make changes there . "	More than half of Brazilians are now overweight and 1 in 7 are obese Cardiovascular disease and stroke are leading causes of death in Brazil , says expert Extra-wide seats made available for obese people at 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- A map of significant climate events for the United States in June looks almost apocalyptic : hellish heat , ferocious fires and severe storms leaving people injured , homeless and even dead . Why to expect more weather disasters That followed a warm winter and early season droughts . News came Monday that the mainland United States experienced its warmest 12 months since the dawn of record-keeping in 1895 . And on Tuesday , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  released a report calling 2011 a year of extreme weather . Wildfire victims face second tragedy Remember Hurricane Irene ? Or the floods in Thailand and southern China and the deadly drought in the Horn of Africa ? Heavy rains in Brazil caused massive landslides and much of Europe suffered through a sweltering heatwave . It 's tempting to simplify things and blame it all on global warming . After all , nine of the top 10 warmest years globally have occurred since 2000 , according to NOAA . But weather can be complicated . The real challenge is figuring out whether a particular storm or flood was due to climate change or natural variables , said Chris Field , founding director of the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology . The NOAA report , for instance , noted some events that were exacerbated by other factors . However , climate change increases global risks , Field said . "  As we change the climate , we 're shifting the odds for extreme weather , " he said . Photos : Extreme heat strikes U.S. It 's sort of like upping your chances of a car accident if you 're speeding . The four classes of extremes -- high heat , heavy precipitation and floods , duration and intensity of droughts and extremes related to higher sea levels -- have changed in the last 50 years , Field said . "  Increasingly , we are loading the dice towards these very damaging kinds of extremes , " he said . But that 's not to say every weather event is related to warming temperatures . Southern Greenland , northern Russia , and the eastern two-thirds of North America have felt the greatest warmth in 2012 , but many places -- Alaska , Mongolia and most of Australia -- have been cool anomalies . Russia declares day of mourning for flood victims The men 's final at the Wimbledon tennis tournament Sunday was stopped briefly for rain . Rain , in Britain ? Although it has a reputation for sogginess , it 's been cooler and wetter than normal for the last few months in the British isles . America 's northwest has also escaped the heat . The state of Washington just marked its seventh coolest June ever . "  When you 've got a planet that 's nearest warmest levels on record , that does n't mean every part of the world is going to be the warmest ever , " said Jeff Masters , director of meteorology for Weather Underground . "  The U.S. has been unlucky enough to be in that sort of pattern , " he said . Jake Crouch , a climate scientist at the National Climatic Data Center , said weather patterns -- including the jet stream or the ocean-atmosphere systems in the Pacific known as El Nio and La Nia -- have a great effect on weather . In 2011 , two back-to-back La Nias , each characterized by cooler-than-average water temperatures in the eastern Pacific , affected significant weather events -- including droughts in the southern United States and northern Mexico and in east Africa . There is debate over how climate change affects such weather patterns but the NOAA-led "  state of the climate " report said La Nia-related heat waves are now 20 times more likely to occur than 50 years ago . Scientists also analyzed the United Kingdom 's very warm November 2011 and a very cold December 2010 . They said that cold Decembers are now half as likely to occur versus 50 years ago , whereas warm Novembers are now 62 times more likely . The report pointed out that some weather events , like the Thailand flooding , are influenced by humans in other ways . Photos : Finding beauty in violent storms "  Although the flooding was unprecedented , the amount of rain that fell in the river ` catchment ' area was not very unusual , " the report said . "  Other factors , such as changes in reservoir policies and increased construction on the flood plain , were found most relevant in setting the scale of the disaster . " The 2012 hurricane season has gotten off to a robust start , though meteorologist Thomas Downs of Expert Weather Investigations attributed that to a cyclical warming of Atlantic waters . "  We 've had a tremendous start to the system . We are in the middle of a warm phase , " he said . Hurricane Andrew in 1992 was devastating , but it was also the first named storm of that year -- in August . By contrast , this year , the United States has already lived through four named storms -- two in May and two in June . The last was Tropical Storm Debby , which flooded Florida . The warmer waters can lead to warmer temperatures on land , Downs said . So can extended drought . "  The biggest thing of this year is the cumulative effect of the last two seasons . Some parts of the United States have been under drought conditions for the past two years , " he said , and did not have much rain in April and May . Less solar energy is absorbed by hot , parched land . "  The drought amplifies temperatures -- 90 becomes 100 . 100 becomes 105 . " "  The reality is when you do have extreme weather , it is highlighted , " Downs said . "  People want to attribute it to one factor or another . " The other reality is that Americans and others will likely be paying a lot more for cereal , sweeteners and meat as the price of corn goes up because of failed crops . "  The crops are hurting , " said Chad Hart , a grain market specialist at Iowa State University . The eastern part of the Corn Belt is especially hard-hit . In states like Iowa , farmers are in the critical stage of corn pollination . "  We need a good inch of moisture this week , " Hart said . "  And there 's no rain in the forecast . "  That means we are looking for a much lower yield for crops we produce in the Midwest . " Northwest heat endangers crops That means farmers will be devastated and consumers could see higher prices at the grocery store for corn , soy and wheat products , as well as meat from animals raised on corn feed . They will also be paying more to utility companies for running air-conditioners as the sizzling summer continues . "  In July , August and September , there 's an above-average chance of warmer-than-average temperatures , " Crouch said . The hottest year on record for the United States is 1998 . Crouch said 2012 is on track to beat it . Perhaps people should get used to hotter temperatures , experts say , because the trends point that way . A heatwave that occurred every 20 years will , by the year 2080 , occur every one to two years , Field said . Think it 's hot ? Imagine living here The extreme weather the world is seeing now is a precursor to more , he said . And it paints a picture of what global warming looks like . "  There are a lot of steps that can be taken to prepare people for climate extremes , " he said . "  It 's kind of a situation that warrants very serious thought . " In releasing the state of the climate report Tuesday , Deputy NOAA Administrator Kathryn Sullivan said 2011 will be remembered for extreme weather . This year seems to be on the same track . From now on , she said , every weather event takes place in the context of a changing global environment . Heat affecting your area ? Share your photos and videos with us on CNN iReport . Past 12 months warmest ever recorded in U.S. Photos : Storm chasers Opinion : Heat wave lesson -- We take comfort for granted	The United States experienced its warmest 12 months on record A new report Tuesday says 2011 will be remembered as the year of extreme weather One scientist says climate change increases the chances of more such weather There 's debate over how climate change affects weather patterns
CNN  -- There 's been another shutdown , but instead of spineless politicians , you can blame invertebrate sea creatures . A large amount of jellyfish inhabiting a cooling-water intake at a major Swedish nuclear plant caused operators to manually shut down production at its largest reactor this week , according to OKG , the company that runs the plant . "  The operations management at unit O3 chose to disconnect the facility from the grid at noon on Sunday due to a large amount of jellyfish present at the cooling water intake , " an OKG statement said . "  This decision is a preventive safety measure in order for the unit to not be automatically shut down due to too-low cooling in the condenser . " OKG did not immediately return CNN calls seeking comment , but numerous media outlets reported that Oskarhamn Unit 3 was back up and running Wednesday . "  Furthermore we have reinforced our clearing system to deal with any future jellyfish invasions , " the outlets quoted OKG as saying in a statement . The company noted that the cooling water was used to cool steam before it went into the reactor , and the "  water has no connection to the cooling of the reactor vessel . " The plant , located 19 miles north of Oskarshamn on the southeast Baltic coast , is Sweden 's first commercial nuclear plant , commissioned in 1972 , and the third reactor went into operation in 1985 . It has an output capacity of 1,450 megawatts . The plant 's three reactors account for 10 % of Sweden 's electricity generation , OKG says . This is n't the first time the gelatinous creatures have caused problems at a power facility . Since 1999 , jellyfish have threatened plants in the Philippines , Japan , Israel , the United States and Scotland , according to media reports . Robotic jellyfish could be undersea spy CNN 's Peter Burn contributed to this report .	Jellyfish in a cooling-water intake prompted reactor shutdown , company says The reactor is now operational again , according to numerous media outlets The Oskarshamn nuclear plant generates about 10 % of Sweden 's electricity
CNN  -- South Korean striker Ji Dong-Won , who scored four goals for his country in this year 's Asian Cup , has joined English Premier League club Sunderland . The 20-year-old signed a three-year contract after moving from K-League club Chunnam Dragons , who are based in the South Korean city of Gwangyang . Ji starred for his country at January 's Asian Cup in Qatar , grabbing four goals to take his tally to six in 11 appearances . He follows in the footsteps of compatriot Park Ji-Sung , who has won four Premier League titles and Europe 's most prestigious club competition , the Champions League , since he joined Manchester United in 2005 . "  I am so satisfied to be able to come to a good club , a nice club in the world 's number one league , " Ji told Sunderland 's official web site . "  I am happy because I have a chance to challenge the biggest players , and that gives me motivation . "  As a striker , I like to overwhelm defenders . My aim is to help the team get as many points as possible . That is what will give me satisfaction . " Sunderland coach Steve Bruce said : "  The boy has been in fantastic form for both club and country and he was one of South Korea 's stand-out performers at the Asian Cup , so we are delighted to bring him to Sunderland . "  The Premier League is very different to the K-League , so there is hard work ahead , but you just have to look at players like Park Ji-Sung and  Bolton winger  Lee Chung-Yong to see how well Korean players are adapting to its pace and physicality . " Sunderland also announced the signing of Craig Gardner from Birmingham City , who were relegated from the Premier League last season . Meanwhile , former Germany international Torsten Frings has left German club Werder Bremen to join Major League Soccer side Toronto FC . Frings claimed he was persuaded to sign for Toronto by former Germany legend Jurgen Klinsmann , who acts as an advisor for the club . "  Jurgen Klinsmann telephoned me and asked me if I could imagine joining Toronto . He made me very curious , " he said on his personal web site . "  It 's Toronto 's overall appeal which swayed me -- it 's a city with a great quality of life in a super country , with A full stadium , a professional environment and a vision at the club to which I can contribute in a central role . " Portugal striker Nuno Gomes has joined Braga on a one-year contract after leaving Portuguese giants Benfica last month .	South Korea striker Ji Dong-Won joins English Premier League club Sunderland Ji has scored six goals in 11 appearances for his country Former Germany international Torsten Frings signs for MLS team FC Toronto
San Diego  CNN  -- The Christmas Eve double killing tantalized Southern California : a 22-year-old woman and her fiance 's brother were found shot , both in the head , in a car in a San Diego mall parking lot . Then Ilona Flint 's fiance went missing , prompting a monthlong search that officially ended Thursday when authorities identified a body found in a car 100 miles away in Riverside as that of Gianni Belvedere , 24 . What some first speculated as a love triangle gone wrong with two brothers has now become something more complicated -- a triple murder case in which authorities are still seeking suspects and explanations . Belvedere 's body , decomposed in his own car trunk , was identified by fingerprint , and his death was ruled a homicide , Riverside police said Thursday . San Diego police have scheduled a press conference on the case Friday . It all began after Flint finished work at a Macy 's that was open late for Christmas shoppers in Mission Valley Center Mall . Salvatore Belvedere apparently went to pick up his future sister-in-law in the post-midnight darkness -- a gesture close friends described as a family courtesy , dismissing media speculation about a love triangle . At 1:15 a.m. on December 24 , Flint called 911 from a car reporting she had been shot , but she did n't know the vehicle 's exact location , other than being near the mall . Police found Flint dead in the car and 22-year-old Salvatore Belvedere , in the driver 's seat , fighting for his life with gunshot wounds to his head and torso . He died three days later . Gianni Belvedere was last seen at his residence at about 10 p.m. on December 23 . After the double shooting , a police bulletin listed him as a missing person . Police and the coroner in Riverside on Thursday declined to comment about their investigation into Gianni Belvedere 's homicide . "  There was a lot of idiotic speculation that Gianni had something to do with the shooting or that he had possibly harmed himself , that he might have fled , that he was in a jealous rage and did this , " said Andre Briones , who was such close friends with Flint that he has a tattoo of her likeness on the inside of his left forearm . "  Anyone who knows the family , anyone who knows Gianni and Ilona 's relationship completely understands that there is no possible way that could have ever happened , " Briones told CNN on Wednesday . Flint had worked for a year at a vintage clothing store that Briones owned , he said . Investigators have n't disclosed a motive in the double murders at the mall , other than they have ruled out robbery . "  In looking through the evidence at the scene , it does not appear that any sort of robbery took place during this incident , " San Diego Lt. Michael Hastings said . In the days after the shooting , Belvedere family members joined candlelight vigils and made urgent public appeals to find Gianni Belvedere . The family also appealed to their missing son and brother . "  If you hear me , please call me , call your family , we do need you right now , " Antoinette Belvedere , a sister , told reporters two days after the mall shooting . The two brothers worked at a family Italian restaurant in Lakeside , outside of San Diego , Briones said . Flint and the two brothers lived in the Belvedere family home in San Diego , Briones added . "  She was with Gianni for a very long time . They loved each other deeply . And she really cared about Sal , " Briones said . "  Even though she was shot ... she was still able to call 911 for herself and Sal . " Gianni Belvedere 's car was discovered Friday in a fast-food parking lot in Riverside . Neighbor Karen Regalado said she noticed the car was parked in the lot for about a week and a half , but "  I never smelled an odor coming from it . " But one passer-by did notice something suspicious and called police , who found a decomposed body of a young man in the trunk . The engaged couple were together for about seven years and met in Provo , Utah , where Flint 's family lives . Flint then moved to San Diego at her fiance 's invitation , Briones said . "  They were a great family , " Briones said of the couple and the brother . CNN 's Casey Wian and Chuck Johnston reported from San Diego , and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Authorities identify decomposed body as a missing San Diego Gianni Belvedere , 24 , was engaged to Ilona Flint , 22 , who was fatally shot Flint 's body was found in a car with her fiance 's brother , also fatally shot What some speculated as a love triangle has now become a triple homicide
CNN  -- Australian researchers released an audio recording Wednesday of an underwater sound that they say could possibly be related to the final moments of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . It 's a long shot , but researchers at Curtin University near Perth , Australia , have been studying records from underwater listening devices , including those meant to monitor for signs of underwater nuclear explosions , in an effort to help find the missing plane . "  One signal has been detected on several receivers that could be related to the crash , " said Alec Duncan with the university 's Centre for Marine Science and Technology  CMST  . Researchers have been analyzing the very low frequency sound for weeks to see if it was "  the impact of the aircraft on the water or the implosion of parts of the aircraft as it sank , " Duncan said . "  But  the source of the noise  is just as likely to be a natural event . " Low frequency signals can travel thousands of miles through water under favorable circumstances , at about 1 mile per second , Duncan said . But "  at the moment  the sound  appears to be inconsistent with other data about the aircraft position , " he said . That 's because researchers at Curtin University believe the sound came from an area thousands of miles to the northwest of the current search area in the southern Indian Ocean . And even then , they have n't been able to pinpoint the source . Duncan says his team has calculated an "  uncertainty box " for the signal 's origin . It 's area that stretches some 2,485 miles in length from southeast to northwest across the Indian Ocean , and spans some 124 to 186 miles in width at its widest point . The center of the long , narrow box is south of the tip of India , as shown in a map released Wednesday . The university on Wednesday released an audio clip captured by one of the listening devices , off of Perth . Duncan says his team has sped up the recording 10 times to make it audible to the human ear . It also shared charts of acoustic signal plots showing what various devices detected . Searching in the right place ? The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight continues to focus along an arc hundreds of kilometers long , the area where investigators believe the Boeing 777 ran out of fuel , about 1,000 miles off the coast of Western Australia . Martin Dolan , the chief commissioner with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau  ATSB  , the organization leading the search into MH370 at the request of Malaysia , says an international team of experts continues to review the analysis of Inmarsat satellite data and aircraft performance . In a television exclusive , Dolan told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " he remains confident the final resting place of MH370 is somewhere along that arc , the so-called "  partial handshake " with the satellite : "  We 've seen all the data . We 've seen all the calculations . We are reviewing the calculations and are also developing our own model to cross check and verify that information , " Dolan told Burnett . When asked last week about the underwater sound being analyzed by the team at Curtin University , along with Geoscience Australia , a government agency , Dolan was skeptical . "  We think that those detections may have been interesting from the point of view of the direction they came , but other characteristics make it unlikely that they are associated with MH370 , " he said . The ATSB first referenced these signals in a document posted on its website on May 26 . Listening below the surface As was the case with the Inmarsat satellite -- a communications satellite whose data was analyzed by Malaysia Airlines MH370 investigators as a navigational aide -- the analysis of the underwater signals involves the use of technology for a different purpose than its original intent . One of the devices , operated by Curtin University and located some 12 miles off Perth , is designed to listen to whales and other marine life . The other is for signs of underwater nuclear explosions , one of 11 operated worldwide by the U.N.-chartered Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organization  CTBTO  as part of the International Monitoring System . Early in the search for Malaysia Flight 370 , the United Nations reported it had not detected any explosions or plane crashes on land or water from its sensors around the globe . But the recent efforts involve pairing CTBTO data with other sources to see what can be gleaned , officials said . "  One can always be hopeful , " said Mark Prior , a seismic acoustic analyst with the CTBTO . The CTBTO 's hydro-acoustic stations detect low frequency sound in the 0-100 Hz range , and ca n't detect black box "  pings " in the 30-40 kHz range , officials said . "  It 's possible  to detect a plane crash  , but the circumstances that would allow it would have to be very particular , " said Prior . Prior said some of those circumstances might include a sloping sea bed . Another possible scenario : the origin of the sound would need to be near the listening device . The CTBTO 's system near Cape Leeuwin , the southwestern-most point of Australia , regularly captures signals of ice breaking noise from Antarctica and seismic activity from Indonesia , he said . "  There are other scenarios that would allow  the hydrophones to detect a crash  . But it 's not certain if there was an impact we would detect it , " Prior said . Attempts were made following the 2009 crash of Air France 447 in the southern Atlantic Ocean to see if underwater listening devices had detected the plane 's impact . No data could be found . Years later , after the plane was located , CTBTO again checked its data , and still was not able to identify signals related to the crash .	An Australian university releases an audio clip and other information Researchers have studied records from underwater listening devices A sound that was picked up is not near the current search area for MH370 The academics say it could be related to the missing plane , or just a natural event
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Army intentionally denied benefits to soldiers suffering from a widespread stress disorder after they returned from service in Iraq and Afghanistan , a veterans advocacy group charges in a suit filed Wednesday . A soldier is welcomed home from Iraq by his son at Fort Stewart , Georgia , earlier this month . The lawsuit , filed by the National Veterans Legal Services Program , accuses the Army of illegally cutting off benefits to thousands of veterans and their families by refusing to assign a proper disability rating to those veterans after they had been discharged with a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  . As a result , the veterans have been denied benefits , including , among other things , lifetime monthly disability payments and free medical care for themselves and their families . "  I experience firsthand the horrors of war " said Juan Perez , an Iraq veteran and one of five plaintiffs in the lawsuit . "  My expectation was that the military would be there for me , and my country would be there for me . Instead , the way I was treated felt more like a slap to the face . " All disabled veterans are assigned a disability rating from zero to 100 percent . According to the Legal Services Program , a rating of at least 30 percent is required to qualify for benefits such as monthly disability payments and free health care . Soldiers receiving less than a 30 percent rating are entitled only to a one-time lump sum severance payment after being discharged . On October 14 , the Defense Department ordered the Army to assign at least a 50 percent rating to all soldiers discharged with PTSD in the future . The lawsuit seeks to provide full benefits to all veterans discharged with PTSD in the past six years . A Rand Corp. study released in April indicated that nearly 20 percent of all military service members returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have reported symptoms of PTSD or major depression .	Soldiers : Army denied them disability rating , so they were denied benefits Lawsuit filed by veterans advocacy group on behalf of vets with PTSD In October , Army ordered all future PTSD sufferers to be eligible for benefits Soldiers want eligibility to go back six years
CNN  -- The recent NATO summit in Newport , Wales was initially meant to prepare the alliance for the post-Afghanistan era and pooling of resources at the time of defense cuts , known in NATO lingua as "  smart defense . " However , as often happens , the summit agenda was hijacked by more current and dramatic developments : the rise of ISIS in Iraq and Russia 's push into Ukraine . Both these developments have reminded NATO that its core business -- the defense of its member states -- needs to be returned to the center of the alliance 's agenda . Russia 's annexation of Crimea and continued push into the south-east of Ukraine -- a NATO partner country -- has inevitably provoked fear amongst Ukraine 's neighbors , all of whom have relatively fresh memories of Russian domination . These countries -- Poland and the Baltic states in particular -- made sure that the Ukrainian crisis would be at the center of the Newport agenda . This happened in two ways . The Central East European allies asked for measures that would reassure them by confirming NATO 's engagement in the face of Russian aggression . In addition , the show of solidarity with Ukraine became a major focus of the summit , which was attended by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . The outcome of the Newport summit has met these allies ' expectations , at best , halfway . The biggest change came in the rhetoric and positioning of the alliance 's key members . Until very recently , NATO has prioritized its partnership with Russia , taking great care not to offend it . When in 1997 the Alliance started the process of taking in new members from Central and Eastern Europe , it mollified Moscow by setting up a separate Russia Council and signing a partnership agreement that excluded the presence of a major Western force in new member states . Russia 's actions in Ukraine have made the pretense of partnership ridiculous and as much was acknowledged by NATO states in Newport . On his way to the summit , U.S. President Barack Obama paid a visit to Estonia where he delivered a Reaganesque speech pledging full solidarity with the Baltic states . Meantime German Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned Russian aggression in Ukraine and reasserted the viability of NATO 's collective defense measures . Overall , the rhetoric of partnership with Russia -- which has dominated past meetings -- disappeared in Newport where it was replaced by the rhetoric of facing-up to an adversarial Russia . However , whilst NATO leaders were strong in words , the decisions they took in response to the Russian threat were at best modest . At the height of crisis during the Cold War the U.S. presence in Western Europe reached more than 277,000 troops . By comparison the U.S. said earlier this month that it had 57,000 active service members in Europe . Of these only a very small number are based in Poland and the Baltic States . Decisions taken in Newport have not changing these facts in a meaningful way . Whilst NATO announced a creation of a spearhead force , consisting of a Rapid Reaction Force , frequent exercises and logistical centers , this initiative will not change the strategic balance in Central and Eastern Europe . The units contributing to the rapid-reaction force will remain within the states that designate them , meaning their availability will be subject to political approval . The exercises that would bring together U.S. and European troops are meant to be frequent or even "  persistent " but their scope will remain small . The logistical centers that are meant to be based in Poland and the Baltic states are perhaps the most concrete of the approved measures . If developed they would commence integrating Central and Eastern Europe into the NATO infrastructure . Overall , the reassurance measures for Central and Eastern Europe are not game-changers , but they are going in the right direction and could suggest a beginning of rebalancing of the current vastly unequal situation in the region . However , as far as Ukraine itself is concerned the summit offered Kiev close to nothing . The announcement that NATO would spend 15 million euros  $ 19M  on military aid to Ukraine did not impress the Ukrainians nor the Russians . NATO 's decision to allow individual members of the alliance to sell arms to Ukraine has not changed anything , not least because since then a number of states have rushed to deny they intended to sell anything to Ukraine whilst the unstable situation there continues . In other words , after the summit Ukraine continues to be on its own vis-a-vis belligerent Russia . NATO 's failure to send a clear signal to Russia by supporting Ukraine represents in itself a grave threat to the alliance 's Central East European members -- who may be next on the list of potential Russian targets .	A NATO summit in Wales last week took place amid crises in Iraq and Ukraine Ukraine 's neighbors ensured its conflict was on the agenda , Marcin Zaborowski says Past rhetoric of partnership with Russia was replaced by talk of facing an adversary , he says But in the end , Zaborowski says , the summit gave Ukraine little to combat a belligerent Russia
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Three members of the Afghan National Security Forces have been killed after a helicopter was hit by munitions fired into Bagram Airfield , a NATO official said Tuesday . Four rounds landed in the airfield on Monday around 10 p.m. , said Lt. Col Hagen Messer , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . One of the rounds struck an ISAF helicopter , killing the three Afghan troops and wounding two ISAF service members , Messer said . ISAF is not yet able to confirm the type of the rounds or whether they were rockets or mortars , said Messer . He added that an investigation was under way to establish the details of what happened . Rewarding Afghanistan 's torturers ?	Two ISAF service members are wounded in the incident A helicopter is hit after rounds are fired into the airfield ISAF has begun an investigation into what happened
CNN  -- Conjoined Egyptian twin boys Hassan and Mahmoud , who were successfully separated in Saudi Arabia Saturday , are recovering and are expected to lead normal lives , officials said . Conjoined twins Hassan , left , and Mahmud rest the day before separation surgery in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . "  The twins ' vital signs are good ; they 're doing excellent , " said Sami Al-Shalan , spokesman for the King Abdulaziz Medical City facility in Riyadh where the surgery took place . "  The twins still have about 24 hours before a progress report can be issued . The anesthesia consultants are happy with the progress of the children . " The boys are less than a year old and were brought to the kingdom on February 10 . The delicate surgery took a little more than 15 hours . "  The twins ' parents have visited them in the -LSB- pediatric intensive care unit -RSB- , but they ca n't stay there long . They come and go , " Al-Shalan said . Separating the boys ' urinary system was a major challenge , Dr. Abdullah Al-Rabeeah , the Saudi minister of health , told CNN . So was separating the siblings ' local veins and arteries , he said . "  We had to identify the arteries and the blood veins between each baby , " Al-Rabeeah said . Watch Al-Rabeeah explain the operation " The procedure was the 21st of its kind to be performed in the kingdom . The surgeries are performed free as part of King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz 's philanthropic initiative . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Egyptian twin boys are less than a year old 21st procedure of this type to be performed in the kingdom 15-hour delicate surgery declared successful , surgeon says Surgery free as part of King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz 's philanthropic initiative
CNN  -- Rescue workers are searching for more than 300 Filipino fishermen who have gone missing after a devastating typhoon that tore across the Philippines last week , killing more than 600 people , authorities said Monday . Typhoon Bopha , the strongest tropical cyclone to hit the Philippines this year , set off flash floods and landslides that engulfed people sheltering in their rickety houses in remote , unprepared regions on the southern island of Mindanao . Read more : Rescuers struggle to aid Philippines storm victims The number of people still unaccounted for climbed sharply during the weekend as officials learned of the disappearance of boatloads of fishermen who set off before Typhoon Bopha slammed into the east coast of Mindanao on Tuesday . Rescue efforts are under way to try to find the missing fishermen , many of whom left from the port city of General Santos on the south coast of Mindanao , said Maj. Reynaldo Balido , military assistant for operations at the Philippine Office of Civil Defense . A total 780 people are missing in the Philippines as a whole , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council , the country 's emergency management agency , said Monday . Read more : Devastation in a Philippine valley where typhoons are n't expected That includes the fishermen and more than 400 people in New Bataan , a town in southeastern Mindanao where flash floods triggered by Bopha 's heavy rain buried large areas under mud , rocks and trees . The overwhelming majority of the 647 people killed by the typhoon are from the regions of Davao Oriental and Compostela Valley , where New Bataan is situated . Many people in those areas failed to anticipate Bopha , known locally as Pablo , the strongest storm to hit Mindanao in decades . The island experiences fewer tropical cyclones than the regions of the Philippines further north . Survivors are now struggling to find enough water , food and shelter . Relief agencies are scrambling to provide help to the worst hit areas , but damage to infrastructure like roads and communications networks is complicating their task . The scale of the challenge facing them is huge : nearly 1,500 people have been injured and more than 300,000 have been forced to seek shelter in evacuation centers or elsewhere . Philippine President Benigno Aquino III , who visited New Bataan and other severely affected areas Friday , has declared a state of national calamity , which releases emergency funds and puts price controls on basic goods .	Typhoon Bopha has so far killed 647 people in the Philippines A another 780 people are missing , including hundreds of fishermen Relief agencies are trying to help the thousands of people left homeless by the storm
CNN  -- Six hundred passengers were evacuated from a high-speed train in Taiwan on Friday after explosives -- attached to a timer and apparently close to detonation -- were found in luggage inside a restroom , police said . The Taiwan High Speed Rail Corp. train stopped at Hsinchu City after someone found the explosives in two pieces of luggage shortly after 9 a.m. , according to police . Police said the luggage was emitting white smoke , and people nearby could smell gas . The setup included 5 liters of gasoline and an activated timer device to trigger them , police said . Investigators believe the explosives would have detonated had authorities not intervened , according to police . They said they believe the blast would have taken out one carriage . A carriage can carry about 60 passengers . Police did not release any information about who could be responsible for the device . The train started at Zuoying and was headed to Taipei . CNN 's Karen Smith and Jason Hanna contributed to this report	Investigators : The bomb could have taken out one carriage , carrying up to 60 people Someone found the device in a Taiwan High Speed Rail train , police say Hundreds of passengers are evacuated at Hsinchu City The timer on the bomb was activated , police say
A volleyed goal from substitute Tadanari Lee in the second half of extra time earned Japan a 1-0 victory over Australia and a record fourth Asian Cup Saturday . Lee hammered home a cross from Yugo Nagatomo in the 109th minute to settle the clash and leave Holgar Osieck 's Australia heartbroken at Qatar 's Khalifa International Stadium . The Socceroos had twice gone close with Everton 's Tim Cahill having an effort cleared off the line and winger Harry Kewell firing straight at goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima when clean through on goal . But Alberto Zaccheroni 's "  Blue Samurai " weathered the storm to add to their previous triumphs in 1992 , 2000 and 2004 as Lee proved their hero . "  It is a great victory . We have a really great team , " Zaccheroni told AFP . "  They were united and won the title against such strong opponents , " added the Italian . "  I knew he would do it . What is great about this team is that players , who started on the bench , could produce results on the pitch . " The triumph secures Japan an automatic place at the 2013 Confederations Cup in Brazil -- a warm-up for the World Cup proper a year later . Australia had only conceded once in the competition before the final and goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer , who became his country 's most capped player with his 88th appearance , easily dealt with Keisuke Honda 's effort in the first half . It was Osieck 's side , appearing in only their second Asian Cup , who looked the more dangerous and they struck the woodwork early in the second half through Luke Wilkshire 's cross that became a shot . Japan hit back when the lively Nagatomo provided a delivery for Shinji Okazaki , whose header drifted narrowly wide of the post . With 20 minutes left Kewell spurned his chance when one-on-one with Kawashima and as the game drifted towards extra-time , Japan started to take control . After 109 goalless minutes and with the match headed for penalties , Lee fired the telling blow to spark scenes of wild celebration on the Japan bench . By contrast , Australia 's German coach Osieck was left to rue earlier missed chances . "  You can imagine how disappointed we are to come second because we had our opportunities . Unfortunately , we could n't convert them , " he told AFP .	Japan win a record fourth Asian Cup after a 1-0 win over Australia Substitute Tadanari Lee 's volley deep into extra time is the difference between the teams Australia twice go close through Tim Cahill and Harry Kewell but fail to score Tournament staged in 2022 World Cup host nation Qatar
CNN  -- Five people in southern China have been charged with intentional injury after illegally buying one of the kidneys of a teenage boy , who used the money at least in part for an iPhone and an iPad , according to state media . The five , including a surgeon , removed the organ in April 2011 from the 17-year-old high school student from China 's Anhui province . The teenager is now suffering from renal insufficiency , Xinhua reported . The boy 's condition is deteriorating , it said . One of the defendants , a man named He Wei , was described as "  penniless and frustrated over gambling debts " and allegedly "  sought to make enormous earnings through illegal kidney trading , " the news agency reported . It said the men identified donors through online chat rooms and conducted the operation at a hospital . A man named Song Zhongyu , a surgeon from a provincial hospital in Yunnan province , received nearly $ 35,000 in the deal , while the boy was given about $ 3,500 , Xinhua said . Wang later confessed to his mother when she confronted him about where he got the money for the Apple products , the news agency said . According to China 's Ministry of Health , about 1.5 million people in the country are in need of transplants , and yet only 10,000 transplants are performed each year , Xinhua reported .	A surgeon removed the organ in April 2011 from a high school student , Xinhua says The boy is now suffering from renal insufficiency , it says The surgeon , from a provincial hospital , received nearly $ 35,000 in the deal , it says The boy was given about $ 3,500 , the news agency reports
CNN  -- "  Death rays " sound more like a sci-fi creation than a pool-side concern , but guests soaking up the sun at the Vdara Hotel in Las Vegas , Nevada , might want to take cover . According to a report in the Las Vegas Review-Journal , the reflective hotel 's south-facing tower can bounce rays that will melt plastic and singe hair at certain times of the day and year . Visiting lawyer Bill Pintas from Chicago , Illinois , had a scorching encounter and said hotel pool employees told him they call it "  the death ray , " according to the report . Pintas , who co-owns a Vdara condo , told the Review-Journal his hair was singed as he was reclining on the pool deck around noon on a mid-September day . "  I was effectively being cooked , " Pintas said . "  I started running as fast as I could without looking like a lunatic . " The rays also melted the thin plastic bag around his newspaper , Pintas said . Hotel designers were aware of potential solar "  convergence " and applied a film that reduced the problem by about 70 percent before the Vdara opened in December 2009 , according to MGM Resorts spokesman Alan Feldman . "  What remains are seasonal hot spots that are most acute of course in the summertime , " Feldman said . Historic high temperatures in Las Vegas this summer have intensified the problem . Hotel staffers are aware of the hot spots and move guests around the pool deck when necessary , Feldman said . Planners are also looking at additional shading options or putting planters where the rays get particularly hot , he said . The hotel has n't received any complaints of injury beyond those reported by Pintas . "  Death ray " media coverage in recent weeks has n't had any effect on bookings , Feldman said , and a 72-hour rate sale under way now is unrelated to the buzz . "  I suppose there might even be folks who are very passionate about the sun who want to come see it , " Feldman said . "  It is n't a visible thing ... if you were standing in the middle of it when it 's 110 -LSB- degrees -RSB- , you 're going to feel it . We happen to be in a much cooler week this week so right now , today , it might actually feel good , " he said , laughing .	"  Death ray " phenomenon reported by Las Vegas Review-Journal Reflective hotel has created hot solar convergence spots One guest said that rays singed his hair
CNN  -- If the old saw about houseguests being like fish is true -- after a few days they begin to stink -- imagine what it must smell like in poor Cory Tschogl 's 600-square-foot condo in Palm Springs , California . Tschogl entered into an agreement through the popular Internet site Airbnb to host a man and his brother for a 44-day period from May 25 through July 8 .  Airbnb connects travelers looking for low-cost accommodations with locals who in turn rent them rooms in their homes . The man , identified in various reports as Maksym Pashanin and whose Airbnb "  verified ID " says he 's from Austin , Texas , paid for the first 30 days in advance . He and his brother moved in , but after 30 days they refused to pay out the balance of their account . What 's more , upon the July end of their rental agreement , they simply refused to leave the condo . MORE : Pushy guests and porn : Confessions of an Airbnb hostess Squatters protected under California law So , if unwanted strangers wo n't leave , just call authorities and have them booted out , right ? That 's where Tschogl 's nightmare really begins . In California , renters who occupy a property for more than 30 consecutive days are considered full-time tenants on a month-to-month lease with rights to occupancy protected under the state 's tenant law . To persuade Pashanin and his brother to leave once the Airbnb reservation contract had expired , Tschogl informed him that she intended to cut off the condo 's electricity . "  The guest texted back saying he was legally occupying the condo and that loss of electricity would threaten the work he does at home that brings in $ 1,000 to $ 7,000 a day , " reported the San Francisco Chronicle . Pashanin reportedly works as a video game developer . Tschogl says her electricity bills have tripled or even quadrupled since the men moved in . "  The texts threatened to press charges for ` blackmail and damages caused by your negligence and malicious misconduct , including $ 3,800 PID Espresso machine as well as medical bills for my brother 's hospital visit after he got sick here drinking unfiltered tap water , ' " reported the Chronicle . Time to lawyer up Realizing her legal options were limited , Tschogl contacted Airbnb for help . According to a Chronicle story on July 19 , Tschogl said her numerous email and telephone appeals to Airbnb met with no success . "  I have professional scammers squatting in my condo , " an exasperated Tschogl tweeted , while also creating a hashtag #airbnbsquatterswontleave . Tschogl eventually hired a lawyer and the bizarre story has since gained national attention . As well as Airbnb 's . According to a July 22 story in USA Today , an Airbnb spokesman says the company now plans to pay Tschogl "  the full cost of the reservation and is working with her to provide additional legal support . " Whoever pays , those legal fees may be costly . Eviction procedures in California can be lengthy and complicated , often taking three to six months to evict a tenant .	Airbnb guests at a California condo have refused to leave The now-unwanted guests have tenant rights under California law Condo owner 's initial appeals to Airbnb met with no success Owner has since hired lawyer and received assistance from Airbnb
CNN  -- All Royal Canadian Mounted Police "  understand the risks that come with the uniform , " Canada 's governor general said . Five Mounties surely had those risks on their minds this week when they responded to a call about a gunman in Moncton , New Brunswick . And it did n't stop them from defending the quiet , tight-knit community of 70,000 , located about 250 miles northeast of Bangor , Maine , Wednesday , their supervisors say . The call said the man , now identified as Justin Bourque , 24 , was on a Moncton road , wielding a firearm . Soon , shots rang out on the road , as Bourque fled into the woods , where more shots were fired . Over a "  short period of time , " Bourque allegedly shot five officers , killing three and wounding two others , said Codiac RCMP Superintendent Marlene Snowman said . The two injured officers required surgery on Thursday , police said . One has been released , while the other remains hospitalized . Canada 's National Post newspaper is calling it the nation 's worst police tragedy in more than nine years , when four Mounties were ambushed and killed during a property seizure in Mayerthorpe , Alberta . Canadian media at the time touted that tragedy as the worst in a century . "  I ca n't begin to explain the sadness we feel . ... My thoughts and prayers remain with the families and loved ones of these fallen officers who died in the line of duty and our recovering officers , " RCMP Assistant Commissioner Roger Brown said in a statement on Friday . He identified the slain officers : -- Constable David Joseph Ross , 32 , of Victoriaville , Quebec , joined the RCMP in Ottawa . After graduating from the training academy in July 2007 , he began working in general duty policing in New Brunswick 's Codiac Detachment . -- Constable Douglas James Larche , 40 , of Saint John 's , New Brunswick , joined the RCMP in Moncton . He finished training in February 2002 and served in two posts before joining the Codiac Detachment where he worked in highway patrol and general duty policing . -- Constable Fabrice Georges Gevaudan , 45 , of Boulogne-Billancourt , France , joined the RCMP in Regina , Saskatchewan . He graduated from training in February 2008 and worked in general duty policing in the Codiac Detachment . The injured officers are Constables Eric Stephane J. Dubois and Marie Darlene Goguen , who are "  recovering well and are to be commended , " Brown said . The assistant commissioner said he would provide more details on the slain officers and their funeral arrangements in coming days . The only other information he provided about the constables was that one of them had three children and that Larche received a commander 's commendation in 2008 for saving the life of an unconscious baby in Moncton . Ross was a police dog trainer and was married to Rachael Ross , who was pregnant with their second child , CNN affiliate CBC News reported . The couple already had a 19-month-old son . "  This is the most horrifying , difficult experience , " Rachael Ross ' mother told CBC . The couple celebrated an anniversary last month , and several of Rachael 's friends on Facebook posted birthday wishes on her wall in May . Rachael Ross ' sister-in-law told the National Post that Rachael got home from work Wednesday , the garage door was open and the barbecue had been left on . Her husband had been called in to work and left hastily , she told the newspaper . "  All these guys were family men , protectors of our society , great guys  $ " and Dave was one of a kind , " Raquel Vander Ploeg said . "  Dave loved his job . He was good at his job . He was a police dog handler , and it was what he had striven to be for years , and he got it , and now this happens . " Canada shooting : Suspect yelled ` I 'm done ' at time of arrest CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	"  All these guys were family men , protectors ... great guys , " victim 's kin tells newspaper Constables ID 'd : David Joseph Ross , Douglas James Larche , Fabrice Georges Gevaudan Justin Bourque , 24 , was arrested , accused of killing 2 Mounties , wounding 2 others CBC : Ross was dog trainer married to Rachael Ross , who was pregnant with 2nd child
CNN  -- French President Francois Hollande will travel to Mali on Saturday , where his nation 's troops have been battling Islamist militants for three weeks alongside African forces . Hollande will be accompanied by his defense and foreign ministers , the president 's office said in a statement Friday . In addition to major cities , he will also visit the historical city of Timbuktu , which French and Malian troops seized from militants who had controlled it since last year . His office did not provide any other details . The visit comes as troops make major gains in the battle to push out militants in northern Mali . France , Mali 's former colonial power , is leading the offensive after militants captured the vast northern desert region , raising fears they would turn it into a haven for terrorists . French-led troops now control the cities of Timbuktu and Gao , along with a swath in between that was an Islamist stronghold for almost a year , the French Defense Ministry said . France sent troops at Mali 's request after Islamists seized the strategic town of Konna on January 10 . The town is now back in Malian control . Islamic extremists carved out a large portion of the north last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup . They banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the region . But with the French-led offensive sending the militants on the run , residents are once again roaming the streets without fear . France has 2,150 soldiers in Mali and 1,000 more troops supporting the operation from elsewhere . West African forces are expected to battle the militants alongside French troops . NATO said it does not plan to join the offensive . "  The United Nations Security Council has decided that it should be an African-led mission , " said Anders Fogh Rasmussen , the NATO secretary-general . "  And this is also a reason why I do n't see a role for NATO as an organization in Mali or in the region . But obviously , I welcome that individual NATO allies have taken action and decided to support the French operation in Mali . " Malian interim President Dioncounda Traore has said his nation will hold elections by the end of July . CNN 's Sarah Jones contributed to this report .	In addition to major cities , Francois Hollande plans to visit the historical city of Timbuktu Timbuktu , once overrun by militants , is now under control of Malian forces The French-led offensive to flush out militants in northern Mali started on January 10
CNN  -- A developmentally delayed teen girl was found Thursday with a person of interest in Rhode Island , three days after she disappeared from a public library in Massachusetts , police said . "  I want to emphasize the fact that she is safe , she is unharmed , she is OK , " Medfield Police Chief Robert Meaney said Thursday morning . Police say Brittany Thompson , 17 , of Medfield was last seen Monday leaving the Medfield Public Library with a man . "  Medfield Police Department received a call at approximately 7:30 this morning from the Coventry , Rhode Island , Police Department that Brittany and a male person of interest , that we were starting to look at as part of our conversation , had been located walking down a road in Coventry , Rhode Island , " Meaney said Thursday morning . The man with her was as an adult , older than Thompson , with an address in Missouri , Meaney said . "  I do n't believe the parents know who this individual was , " he added . The person she was seen leaving with Monday was a heavyset man , wearing a "  Sons of Anarchy " T-shirt and slicked-back hair , according to a Massachusetts State Police statement released this week . "  I do not know if the person she was found with was the person on the surveillance video ... that 's one of the things we are trying to make sure of , " Meaney said . "  In the videotape , she looks like she walks out of the library voluntarily , " he told CNN on Wednesday . Meaney said Thompson 's family headed to Coventry and were probably reunited with Thompson early Thursday . No charges have been filed , but an investigation is ongoing . Police are not releasing the name of the man considered a person of interest . "  There 's a lot of pieces to the puzzle that we have not yet put together , " Meaney said . Thompson was not taken to a hospital when she was found and did not appear to have any injuries , he said .	"  She is safe , she is unharmed , she is OK , " police chief says of Brittany Thompson She was last seen Monday leaving the Medfield Public Library with a man It 's not known if the man Thompson was found with was the one she left the library with She did n't appear to be hurt and was n't taken to a hospital when she was found , chief says
