CNN  -- The July/August cover story of the Atlantic , "  Why Women Still Ca n't Have It All " by Anne-Marie Slaughter , has ignited a firestorm . One side accepts the author 's argument : that feminism has set women up to fail by pretending they can have a high-powered career and still be an involved mother . The other side accuses Slaughter , who left her job as the first female director of policy planning at the State Department , of setting women back by telling them to "  rediscover the pursuit of happiness , " starting at home . Slaughter 's article contains a powerful critique of the insanely rigid workplace culture that produces higher levels of career-family conflict among Americans -- among men and women -- than among any of our Western European counterparts , without measurably increasing our productivity or gross national product . And she makes sensible suggestions about how to reorganize workplaces and individual career paths to lessen that conflict . Unfortunately , the way the discussion is framed perpetuates two myths : that feminism is to blame for raising unrealistic expectations about "  having it all " and that work-family dilemmas are primarily an issue for women . Let 's start by recognizing that the women 's movement never told anybody that they could "  have it all . " That concept was the brainchild of advertising executives , not feminist activists . Feminism insists on women 's right to make choices -- about whether to marry , whether to have children , whether to combine work and family or to focus on one over the other . It also urges men and women to share the joys and burdens of family life and calls on society to place a higher priority on supporting caregiving work . Second , we should distinguish between high-powered careers that really are incompatible with active involvement in family life and those that force people to choose between work and family only because of misguided employment requirements and inadequate work-family policies . By her account , Slaughter had one of the former . Before she "  dropped out " merely to become a full-time professor , write books and make 40 to 50 speeches each year , Slaughter left Trenton , New Jersey , every Monday on the 5:30 a.m. train to Washington and did n't get back until late Friday night . Such a job is incompatible with family obligations and pleasures for men as well as for women . The real question is not why so many women feel compelled to walk away from these jobs but why so few men feel the same way . The teaser at the top of the Atlantic article claims that "  women who have managed to be both mothers and top professionals are superhuman , rich or self-employed . " But that sentence is missing an adjective . What it really means is that women who manage simultaneously to be involved mothers and top professionals in the United States are a rare and privileged group . Men who manage to be involved fathers and top professionals are equally rare and privileged . The irony is that most jobs , even top professional positions , do not actually require as much absenteeism from family as employers often impose . University of Texas sociologist Jennifer Glass , a senior fellow at the Council on Contemporary Families , points out that corporate and government professionals in the United States put in much longer workweeks than their counterparts in Europe , where limits on work hours are common , workplace flexibility is more widespread , and workers are entitled to far more vacation days per year than most Americans -- and actually use them . U.S. companies generally penalize workers who try to cut back on hours , reducing their hourly wages even when their hourly productivity remains the same or increases . The European Union , by contrast , forbids employers to pay less per hour for the same work when it is done part time than when it is done full time . "  In a system where work hours are encouraged to spiral out of control at the highest positions , " Glass notes , "  the people who make it to the top -- male or female -- have little time for family or community commitments , and little patience for the family commitments of the people they supervise . " Slaughter ultimately suggests some excellent reforms that would allow both men and women to meet their work and family commitments more successfully , although she inexplicably describes them as "  solutions to the problems of professional women . " Later she acknowledges that work-family issues plague all American workers , regardless of their sex , income level , occupational niche or even parental status since many childless workers have responsibilities to aging parents or ill partners . In fact , according to the New York-based Families and Work Institute , men now report even higher levels of work-family conflict than women do . It was a great victory for gender equality when people finally stopped routinely saying "  she 's awfully good at her job -- for a woman . " The next big step forward will be when people stop saying , "  It 's awfully tough to balance work and family -- for a woman . " It 's tough for men and women . We need to push for work-family practices and policies that allow individuals to customize their work lives according to their changing individual preferences and family obligations , not just their traditional gender roles . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Coontz .	Stephanie Coontz : Atlantic article riled women on perennial issues of feminism , motherhood Coontz says issue framed as false feminist promise of "  having it all " She says U.S. companies often inhospitable to work/family balance for women and men Coontz : Workplaces should reasonably accommodate family life regardless of worker 's sex
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- An Indian woman accused of being a witch was tied to a tree and beaten by a mob , with television footage of the incident aired in India on Friday . Villagers tied the woman to a tree after a man accused her of practicing black magic . Nishant Tiwari , a police official in northeastern India , said a journalist who filmed the beating called him Thursday to report the incident , which took place in the village of Dumaria in central eastern Bihar state . He arrived to find the woman tied to a tree , her hair partially cut and her complexion ruddy from being slapped . She had no serious injuries . "  I was appalled at what I saw because people should be more socially responsible than to do this , " Tiwari said . Authorities arrested six people , including the man who admitted to hiring her services as a witch . They were due to appear before a magistrate on Friday . Ram Ayodhya , who could face up to seven years in prison for his role in the attack , told police he was justified in beating the woman , Tiwari said . Graphic content warning : Villagers beat woman " Ayodhya said he paid her to use magic and prayer to improve his wife 's health . When his wife 's condition deteriorated , Ayodhya accused her of performing black magic , Tiwari said , and a crowd soon gathered and tied her to the tree . The woman seen being attacked is expected to testify when the suspects appear before the magistrate . Tiwari said he was disturbed by the fact that a journalist filmed the incident before contacting authorities . "  The media filmed the incident , then called the police -- instead of the police first , " Tiwari said . CNN 's partner network , CNN-IBN , reported that the incident took place close to the local police station . It reported that there had been other such occurrences of mob justice in the state . In Bhagalpur district in August 2007 , a man caught trying to snatch a woman 's chain was beaten up , with police looking on , and later tied to a motorcycle and dragged around by a police officer . In September , in Lucknow 's Wazirganj area , an angry mob beat a man to death after a 2 1/2 - year old girl was allegedly found sexually assaulted and murdered in his house . E-mail to a friend	Indian woman accused of being witch is tied to a tree and beaten by a mob Journalist filmed incident , aired on Friday , and then called the police Police say woman 's hair partially cut and she was slapped , but no serious injuries Six arrested , including the man who admitted to hiring her services as a witch
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A cult member who spent several months holed up in a cave with dozens of other people anticipating the end of the world claimed Wednesday that two women died and were buried inside . An above-ground kitchen used by the doomsday cult in the Penza region during the summer . The former cave-dweller , Vitaly Nedogon , relayed his claims to Russian TV journalists , according to Anton Sharonov , a spokesman for the administration of Penza , a region southeast of Moscow . The official said Nedogon did not report the information to police or authorities . Once the rest of the apocalyptic sect leaves the cave , investigators will move in to try to confirm Nedogon 's report , Sharonov said . Nedogon and others left the cave , said to be near the village of Nikolskoye , about 700 kilometers  435 miles  from the Russian capital , about a week ago , after part of its ceiling collapsed . He claimed two women died at different times during the cult 's seclusion , which began in November 2007 . One woman died of cancer and the other from excessive fasting , he told the media . "  However , " Sharonov told the Russian news agency Interfax , "  the Penza regional administration is of the view that these deaths must be proven legally , which is possible only if all the people leave the cave so that investigative officials can examine it . " Sharonov said those who remain in the cave told Penza officials during negotiations that they would come out by the Russian Orthodox Easter , on April 27 . He said officials believe 11 people are left in the cave , but only nine will be alive if Nedogon 's report is true . According to Interfax , Penza Deputy Governor Oleg Melnichenko , who is leading the local effort to resolve the situation , said he was unaware of any deaths in the cave . The cave ordeal began when Kuznetsov , the group 's leader , told his followers to hide themselves to await the end of the world , which he predicted would take place in May . They had threatened to commit mass suicide if authorities tried to intervene . Thirty-five sect members are believed to have entered the cave initially , Interfax said . E-mail to a friend From CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow .	Claims that one woman died from cancer , another from fasting in cult 's cave Russian cult leader told followers world would end in May Sect members threatened to commit suicide if authorities tried to intervene
CNN  -- Christopher Lloyd picked through the charred remnants of his Montecito , California , home Monday morning , resigning himself to the fact it can not be rebuilt . Christopher Lloyd 's $ 11 million home in Montecito , California , was destroyed by the "  Tea Fire . " The "  Back to the Future " and "  Taxi " star showed ABC 's "  Good Morning America " what remained of his $ 11 million home in the exclusive celebrity neighborhood northwest of Los Angeles . "  Boy , look at that , " Lloyd said as he approached the rubble . "  All this happens in a couple of minutes . " Lloyd 's home was among dozens of homes lost in wildfires in Southern California . The "  Tea Fire " which started at the privately owned Tea Garden Estate , about a mile north of Santa Barbara 's Westmont College , ripped through an area that Oprah Winfrey , Michael Douglas , Rob Lowe and other celebrities call home . Lloyd told "  Good Morning America " that it was "  just sort of sinking in " that his home was gone for good . "  It 's amazing , its just gone , " Lloyd told "  Good Morning America . " "  Rebuilding would be -- it 's too much . You ca n't rebuild that . " The home 's windows were blown out , entire sections demolished , and piles of concrete , ashy trees and shrubbery were scattered across the property . "  You watch TV , you see these kinds of incidents happening here and there , but you look with a kind of detachment because it 's happening ... elsewhere , " he told "  Good Morning America . " "  But suddenly to be in the midst of it -- it 's a very different awareness . " Lloyd joked that he had been planning on organizing and storing memorabilia from the home , but never got around to it . "  Kind of do n't have to worry about that now , " he said .	Christopher Lloyd 's home one of dozens destroyed by California wildfires Lloyd : "  Rebuilding would be -- it 's too much . You ca n't rebuild that " Lloyd : Having home destroyed brings "  different awareness " than watching on TV
CNN  -- A police motorcyclist in President Barack Obama 's motorcade died Sunday in Florida following a serious highway accident , police and the top White House spokesman said . The officer from the Jupiter , Florida , police department was transported around 4:40 p.m. to St. Mary 's Medical Center in nearby West Palm Beach after being critically injured in a crash . The man -- identified as Officer Bruce St. Laurent -- later died at the hospital , Jupiter police Chief Frank Kitzerow told reporters late Sunday . Obama was notified of the death , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters after Air Force One landed in Washington . The president 's thoughts and prayers are with the officer 's family , according to the spokesman . The Jupiter officer was traveling along I-95 through West Palm Beach when a Ford 150 pickup hit his motorcycle , West Palm Beach Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Therese Barbera told CNN . The crash happened near the front of the president 's motorcade , and Obama himself did not see it unfold , according to Carney . The White House spokesman said no other vehicles from the motorcade were involved . The Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office is investigating the accident , with assistance from the Florida Highway Patrol , said Kitzerow from the Jupiter police . These authorities were investigating the crash as a vehicular homicide , said Barbera , who stressed it still very early in the probe . The Palm Beach Gardens and West Palm Beach police departments were also assisting on the case , including helping deal with arrangements for the officer and supporting the police force in Jupiter , according to Kitzerow . St. Laurent was a 20-year veteran of Jupiter 's police department , including 18 years as a motor officer , his chief said . The late officer 's family has been told about his death , Kitzerow added . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : The late officer was a 20-year veteran of the Jupiter police department , its chief says A pickup truck hit the police motorcyclist , a sheriff 's office spokeswoman says The officer , from Jupiter , Florida , later died at a West Palm Beach hospital , she adds President Obama has been notified about the officer 's death , the White House says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- To this day , Linda Haywood recalls the shame she once felt for her great-uncle . Jack Johnson was convicted of transporting a white woman across state lines for "  immoral purposes . " "  I could see from the expression on my mother 's face that it pained her to tell me about him , " she recalled , "  but it was n't just her . The shame was there for all the members of my family . " Haywood 's great-uncle , Jack Johnson , shocked the nation in 1908 by becoming the first African-American world heavyweight champion . Yet the boxer was arrested not long afterward for taking a white woman across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . That case fell apart and the woman later became his wife , but then investigators charged him with a similar offense involving a woman he had dated years earlier . An all-white jury 's decision to convict him in that case has come to be widely viewed as a symbol of racial injustice . Now Haywood is working with Sen. John McCain and others to try to clear her great-uncle 's name . McCain wants the Senate to pass a resolution urging President Obama to grant Johnson a presidential pardon . It would represent a final vindication for Haywood , a 53-year-old seamstress in Chicago who now views her great-uncle with pride . Her parents did n't tell her until she was 12 that she was related to Johnson , even though she saw his photo at school during lessons on black history . "  I remember seeing his picture on the wall of my sixth-grade classroom in Chicago in 1966 , " Haywood said in a voice tinged with sadness . "  It was up there next to pictures of Sojourner Truth and George Washington Carver as part of a black history week my teacher put together . I did n't have the first clue who the man was . My parents did n't want me to know . " Her parents , she said , were trying to protect her from a legacy of racial injustice at a time when the country had yet to emerge from the long shadow of segregation . Haywood was stunned when she learned her great-uncle 's story . Less than five years after winning the heavyweight title , Johnson was convicted for violating the Mann Act , which outlawed the transportation of women across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . Johnson was black and the woman was white -- enough to get even a champion imprisoned in early 20th century America . Justice Department lawyers decried it as a "  crime against nature " for him to have a sexual relationship with a white woman . Judge Kennesaw Mountain Landis , later to become the first commissioner of Major League Baseball , set Johnson 's bail at $ 30,000 -- the equivalent of more than $ 660,000 today . When a bail bondsman showed up , Landis jailed him , too , according to an account that filmmaker Ken Burns relays in his documentary , "  Unforgivable Blackness : The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson . " An all-white jury convicted Johnson in less than two hours . "  Mr. Johnson was perhaps persecuted as an individual , but ... it was his misfortune to be the foremost example of the evil in permitting the intermarriage of whites and blacks , " one of the prosecutors later said . Johnson 's real crime , in the eyes of many , was committed three years earlier , when he successfully defended his boxing title against Jim Jeffries , a white boxer who came to be called the "  Great White Hope " because many white fans saw him as the best chance to wrest back a boxing title from the African-American champ . Jeffries , a former heavyweight champion , had come out of retirement intending to reclaim a title that many Americans believed Johnson had no right to in the first place . Johnson beat Jeffries on July 4 , 1910 , before a stunned , almost entirely white crowd in Reno , Nevada . Race riots followed . More than 20 people were killed and hundreds were injured . Most victims were black . So when they "  could n't beat him in the ring , the white power establishment decided to beat him in the courts , " Burns said in his documentary . Johnson fled to Europe in 1913 while free on appeal . But after years of fights overseas -- including the eventual loss of his title in Havana , Cuba , in 1915 -- Johnson came home . He turned himself over to U.S. authorities at the Mexican border in 1920 and served ten months in prison . He died in a car wreck in 1946 . "  Back then , if you were black and you were told that you did something wrong , you really had no recourse , " said Haywood . "  You just accepted what was done because black people were basically powerless and voiceless . Jack may have been a rich boxer , but he could n't fight the system . " Today , in a very different America , Haywood 's family is seeking justice . They 've teamed up with Burns , McCain and Rep. Peter King , a New York Republican , to urge the nation 's first African-American president to grant Johnson a rare posthumous pardon . McCain and King introduced resolutions calling for a presidential pardon in 2005 and last year . The House passed it , but the Senate did not . The White House declined to comment when asked Obama 's views on a possible pardon for Johnson . McCain , who says he made a mistake by once voting against a federal holiday for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , sees the pardon as a way to right an old wrong . "  The Jack Johnson case is an ignominious stain on our nation 's history , " he said on the Senate floor this month , while introducing a new version of the resolution . "  Rectifying this injustice is long overdue . -LSB- The resolution recognizes -RSB- the unjustness of what transpired , and sheds light on the achievements of an athlete who was forced into the shadows of bigotry and prejudice . Johnson ... deserved much better than a racially motivated conviction . " King , himself a former boxer , said in a written statement that Johnson was a trailblazer who became "  a victim of the times . " For Haywood , the proposed pardon is also personal . It 's about wiping the slate clean for future generations of her family . "  My mother used to say Jack was defiant , " she remembered . "  No disrespect , momma , but he was being his own man . And I 'm so proud of him . To think -- of all the families in the world , God gave him to us . " Haywood has made sure her four children know the story of the country 's first black heavyweight champion . "  They love him , " she said . "  Especially my oldest son . He was a bit of a pugilist in high school . He got into his fair share of scraps . I think we know where he got that trait . " Haywood says she 'll go to Washington if Obama issues a pardon . With a bit of laughter , she promises to give a gracious , eloquent speech thanking him . With or without a pardon , she emphasizes , the stigma and the shame are gone . Today , Johnson 's family feels only pride .	Heavyweight champ Jack Johnson was arrested around 1908 His offense : Transporting a white woman across state lines for "  immoral purposes " Relatives working with Washington powers to get Johnson a posthumous pardon
CNN  -- It 's a mind-boggling surprise in whodunit mysteries and soap operas , but a soldier in Colorado is using the dramatic ploy for real in a criminal courtroom : his "  evil twin " may be responsible for the sex crimes against girls that he 's now accused of . The soldier 's defense rests partly on the fact he and his identical twin brother have virtually the same DNA , an attempt to undercut authorities ' allegations that the DNA from the crime scenes belongs to the soldier . The defendant , Aaron Gregory Lucas , 32 , is also a suspect in sex crimes in two other states , authorities say . In addition to raising his twin brother as a suspect , Lucas also claims that a third man may be the culprit in some of the crimes , court papers say . A Colorado judge in El Paso County ruled last week that Lucas will be allowed to name his twin brother , Brian Lucas , as a suspect in his defense . The judge also allowed the defense attorneys to use the name of a third man as a suspect , too . The twin brother , who has n't been charged in the any of the crimes , could not be reached by CNN for comment . So-called "  evil twin " defenses have been used before in courtrooms , experts say . Defendants with an identical twin have sometimes accused the sibling as the real culprit to try to create reasonable doubt and seek acquittal , but the finger-pointing is n't a sure-fire strategy , said CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos , who 's also a criminal defense attorney . "  No two of us have the same set of DNA -- with one exception and that is identical twins , " Cevallos said . "  Cases like this are interesting , " he added . "  Each twin essentially has to come up with an alibi , and we 're seeing that in this case and seeing it in other cases . It comes down to whose alibi is a little bit better . You can imagine the complexity if both twins are in the same geographic area at the same time of the crime . " In fact , both Lucas brothers lived in Alabama and Texas , where the other sexual assaults occurred , but authorities in Alabama , Texas and Colorado say Aaron Lucas is the focus of their investigations , Colorado prosecutors said . Brian Lucas has been to Colorado only once in the past decade and did n't visit El Paso County , according to the Colorado Springs Gazette , citing a police detective 's testimony last week . Aaron Lucas , a decorated Army officer assigned to Fort Carson in Colorado Springs , is accused of trying to lure 11 girls between ages 6 and 9 and sexually assaulting three of them , authorities said . In all , Aaron Lucas faces 27 charges in six cases , officials said . Prosecutors want all the cases to be heard together , but defense attorneys do not . A hearing is scheduled for Tuesday to address the prosecution 's request . The 27 charges include two counts of second-degree kidnapping with a sex offense on a child ; one count of kidnapping with enticement of a child ; two counts of aggravated sexual assault on a child ; four counts of attempted sexual assault on a child ; one count of sexual assault on a child ; and other charges . Aaron Lucas is also charged with being a fugitive from justice in the Alabama and Texas cases . The Colorado crimes occurred in Fountain , Colorado Springs and unincorporated El Paso County from summer 2010 until late 2012 , when Aaron Lucas was arrested , CNN affiliate KKTV reported last year . The Colorado crimes began at the same time that Aaron Lucas was first stationed at Fort Carson , the affiliate reported . Both of the Texas and Alabama cases "  involve DNA evidence that the prosecution states matches the DNA of Aaron Lucas , " defense attorneys said in court papers . When Aaron Lucas was arrested last year , Colorado authorities took his DNA and ran the findings in a national law enforcement database , said police in Madison , Alabama , and Texarkana , Texas . His DNA matched samples found in unsolved sex crimes in those jurisdictions , police said . But Aaron Lucas offers a different interpretation of those findings . "  Aaron Lucas has an identical twin brother , Brian Lucas , who has  a  similar DNA profile , " Aaron Lucas ' attorneys said in court documents . "  Additionally , witness statements from the Alabama case describe a vehicle matching that of Brian Lucas being in the area of the attack prior to the assault . "  The defense believes that Mr. Brian Lucas contributed the DNA in the Alabama and Texas cases and that it is his DNA that was found during those crimes , not Aaron Lucas 's . " Aaron Lucas also argues that some of the Colorado Springs sex crimes may have been committed by a man who had been arrested for indecent exposure , defense attorneys said in court papers . That man , whose name is listed in court papers , also "  bears a striking resemblance to the descriptions provided by several of the complaining witnesses  and  owned and drove vehicles matching the descriptions of the vehicles driven by the alleged perpetrator , " the attorneys said . Aaron Lucas 's attorneys said it is unclear whether the twin brother will be compelled to appear during the trial , expected to begin in January .	Aaron Lucas is charged with trying to lure 11 girls and sexually assaulting three of them He is also a suspect in sex crimes in Alabama and Texas But Lucas ' defense attorneys say the DNA could belong to his brother , an identical twin A Colorado judge allows Lucas to cite his twin brother as a potential suspect
CNN  -- Can lightning strike twice for filmmakers hoping to cash in on the popularity of Stephenie Meyer 's teen fiction ? The "  Twilight " movies did n't wow critics , but they struck a chord with their target audience . I 'm afraid "  The Host " will only duplicate the first half of that experience . The story borrows from Jack Finney 's "  Invasion of the Body Snatchers , " which has been filmed several times -- by Don Siegel in 1956 , Philip Kaufman in 1978 and Abel Ferrara in 1993 , and more recently , but less successfully , by the Wachowskis as "  The Invasion " in 2007 . The idea that other people are alien automatons just does n't go away . Meyer 's 2008 novel "  The Host " departs from Finney 's yarn by skipping forward a few years . The invasion is over , the body snatchers have won ; only a handful of humans have escaped detection , subsisting off the map , scavenging for survival . This is also the first version willing to meet the aliens halfway : They may not be as sexy as vampires in Meyer 's imagination , but they 're about as benevolent as any extraterrestrial occupying power could be . In fact , they 're "  Souls , " a higher form of consciousness who never lie , kill , or steal . Which makes you wonder how they annexed the Earth in the first place ? Max Irons , Jake Abel talk ` The Host ' Andrew Niccol 's heavy-handed adaptation gives rise to that question and several others : like why the Souls can not track down the holdouts with their superior otherworldly technology -- or failing that , figure out that anyone wearing sunglasses probably merits cross examination  after they 've been possessed by the Souls , human eyes turn a peculiarly virulent light blue  . Saoirse Ronan is Melanie , another of Meyer 's divided "  tweenagers , " who falls into the hands of the Souls and is possessed by an alien named Wanderer  "  Wanda " for short  . Melanie is a holdout , though . She refuses to vacate her consciousness and carries on an internal debate with Wanda for most of the story . Ronan is one of our most promising young actresses , but listening to her wrestle for command of her own brain made me yearn for Steve Martin 's antic duels with Lily Tomlin in "  All of Me . " Martin 's bisexual split personality spilled out into the way he held himself , the way he walked , and ate , and urinated . Ronan is more like a ventriloquist 's wooden dummy , understandably unhappy but also unbending no matter who is inside her head . Melanie gains the upper hand long enough to escape the Souls ' surveillance and get away to a human sanctuary , a refuge deep inside a cavernous desert butte .  This network of caves is the most eye-catching thing in the movie .  Here she must convince her former friends and family that Wanda means them no harm -- one of several themes that will echo with "  Twilight " fans . Like Bella Swan , Melanie is courted by two rivals : one who was in love with her before her conversion , and another who feels strangely attracted to Wanda . "  You would n't love me if you saw what I really looked like , " she warns him -- though like horny young men anywhere , he 's not unduly concerned in such philosophical imponderables . As for Wanda , she develops an admiration for the grit and passion embodied by these mortals , and secretly wonders whether a little interstellar intercourse would be such a bad thing ? This is pretty silly stuff , "  Twi " - lite if you will , but played with maximum solemnity , no discernible humor and minimal excitement . At least it 's a modest improvement on Niccol 's last foray into sci-fi allegory , the glum and pretentious "  In Time , " and "  Simone " before that , but by now it 's clear his rudimentary directing skills do n't do his screenplays many favors . To be fair , I enjoyed the dazzling hand-cranked solar panels that allow William Hurt 's green-fingered old coot Jeb to farm wheat deep inside a desert crater , not to mention the hare-brained audacity of casting Hurt as a coot named Jeb . And who can resist the unusually crowded romantic triangle -- with four aching hearts but only three bodies to play for ? Too bad Niccol fails to flesh out the male suitors  Max Irons and Jake Abel -- both blandly anonymous  , and he does n't make much of the story 's most intriguing character -- Diane Kruger 's obsessive alien cop , The Seeker -- either . That leaves Ronan talking to herself as the film 's dramatic linchpin , a prospect unlikely to get audiences worked up one way or the other .	"  The Host " is the latest film adaptation of Stephanie Meyer novel Meyer 's "  Twilight " series were super successful Critic says "  The Host " has a similar formula , but with aliens
CNN  Five years ago , the McStays were living the California dream . The family had moved into a new home in Fallbrook , and Joseph McStay 's business was taking off . He had started a company called Earth Inspired Products that sold waterfalls , and online orders were strong . McStay connected with Chase Merritt , who manufactured custom indoor waterfalls . The two quickly bonded . "  We talked constantly . ... He came down and had dinner with me and my family once or twice a week virtually every week , " Merritt told CNN 's Randi Kaye . "  Joseph was my best friend . " It 's a surprising statement considering where Merritt is now -- behind bars , charged with murder in the deaths of McStay ; his wife , Summer ; and their two small children , Gianni and Joseph Jr. . The last time anyone heard from the McStay family was February 4 , 2010 . For years , no one knew what happened to them . Police who searched their home days after the family disappeared found eggs on the kitchen counter and bowls of popcorn in the living room , along with the family 's two dogs . There were no signs of a struggle . The bodies of the McStay family were found in the Mojave Desert in November 2013 . Police say they believe the family died of "  blunt force trauma . " Merritt , who is now representing himself , has pleaded not guilty . A preliminary hearing has been set for April 7 . No trial date has been scheduled yet . But investigators are confident they have the right man . From the start of the case , San Bernardino County detectives had their eyes on Merritt , a talented welder who was known for his laid-back , cowboy demeanor . Joseph McStay 's father , Patrick , teamed up with Gina Watson , who knew his son through work . The two did their own investigating and came across what they say are some troubling inconsistencies . Merritt has said he was the last person to see McStay alive . The two , Merritt said , met for a business lunch in Rancho Cucamonga the day the family disappeared . "  I am definitely the last person he saw , " Merritt told Kaye in January 2014 . Asked if McStay was concerned about anything , Merritt said , "  No , no , no . He seemed happy . " But Patrick McStay told CNN that Merritt told him Joseph was upset about a damaged fountain Merritt built for him . Joseph McStay also told his father he was frustrated with Merritt 's work . "  Joey had talked about the quality of some of the fountains had slipped . And Joey was n't happy with that , " Patrick McStay said . "  Because he was getting complaints . " Joseph McStay had talked to his father about getting another welder . Merritt also told CNN about receiving a call from McStay the night he disappeared . Merritt said he did n't remember the call until his then-girlfriend reminded him about it . The call came , he said , when they were watching television . Merritt picked up the phone , looked at it and set it back down . He was tired , he said . But when Patrick McStay asked about the call , Merritt said it was a follow-up to their conversation at lunch . San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael Ramos said he ca n't yet say what the motive was , but he said his team had been watching Merritt on a daily basis . "  We know there have been many inconsistencies , " Ramos said . "  His story is all over the place . " Still , the case against Merritt may have holes . Merritt told CNN he went to the McStay house after the family went missing and before it was sealed off . Officers believe the McStays were killed in the home , but 11 days passed between the family 's disappearance and an alert to the sheriff 's department . It took San Diego investigators three days to obtain the warrants they needed to complete a full search , and during that time , the home remained unsealed . How reliable is evidence gathered at the McStay house so many days after investigators say the family was killed there ? Could one person kill a family of four and bury the bodies 100 miles away ? And the fact that it has been five years since the family went missing does not make the prosecution 's case any easier . "  I think the biggest obstacle ... is time . Because witnesses forget , people forget the time frames , what occurred , etc. , " Ramos said .	Chase Merritt has pleaded not guilty to four counts of murder Bodies of McStay family were found in the desert in 2013 Prior to his arrest , Merritt shared his story with CNN 's Randi Kaye
CNN  -- Randy Turner knows there 's a huge gap in age and technology between him and his adolescent students . Critics say social-networking site communications blur the necessary line between educators and students . So when the 52-year-old set up a MySpace page and his students began asking to add him as a friend and sending him questions about assignments , he realized he was on to something . "  Just the very fact that I have MySpace makes them think , ` Well , maybe we can talk to this guy and open the lines of communication , ' " said Turner , who teaches English at South Middle School in Joplin , Missouri . "  I realized this is a major way of communication for them . " MySpace had 72.8 million national users in June , versus Facebook 's 37.4 million , according to a ComScore Media Metrix study . Once available only to students with college e-mail addresses , Facebook opened its virtual doors to everybody two years ago . Despite perceptions , the sites are n't populated just by teens and 20-somethings . A 2006 ComScore survey found that half of those registered on MySpace were 35 and older , while a similar study last year found that almost 40 percent of Facebook users were above 35 . Teachers such as Turner believe sites like MySpace help them connect with their students about homework , tutoring and other school matters . But others fear the social-networking sites are breeding inappropriate relationships between teachers and students . In Missouri in particular , a rash of student-teacher sexual relationships have spawned crackdowns on social-networking friendships . Web site badbadteacher.com , which keeps track of teachers disciplined , arrested and convicted of inappropriate behavior with students , lists 11 such teachers from Missouri within the last two years . Which is why state legislator Jane Cunningham is sponsoring a bill in the Missouri House of Representatives that would ban elementary school teachers from having social-networking friendships with their students . Turner said he understands the reasoning for the bill . He acknowledged that in some cases , teachers have become the public face of inappropriate Facebook and MySpace relationships with kids . "  I see where they are coming from , " Turner said . "  You ca n't argue with people whose intentions are trying to protect children . But the simple fact is , you take these people who prey on children and they are going to find a way to do it , whether it 's over Facebook or not . " Those teachers are ruining it for the ones legitimately trying to help children , Turner said . "  There are so many kids who are stubborn against anything teachers say , who are struggling in the classroom and refuse to ask for help , " Turner said . "  When it 's so hard to reach these kids , why would you remove any of the weapons at your disposal to make a difference ? " Facebook does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register , according to its Web site . Users must be at least 14 to register on MySpace , although such age restrictions are difficult to enforce . In addition to the bill in the Missouri legislature , other school boards , teacher unions and parent-teacher associations across the country are drafting policies and issuing advisements about which online or text-messaging relationships are acceptable . The Lamar County School Board in Missouri recently implemented a policy forbidding teachers and students from having any text-message conversations or social-networking friendships . Jim Keith , an education lawyer who represents several school boards in Missouri , has been giving talks to teachers in which he explains that most of the inappropriate student-teacher relationships start out on a friendship level . Keith spoke of one instance where a parent thought her child was spending extra time with a teacher who was trying to help her child overcome shyness . At Keith 's urging , they checked the child 's phone bill and found 4,200 text messages between the teacher and student . "  As an educator , there is a line of demarcation between you and your student , " Keith said . "  It 's a line that you can not come close to , let alone step over . You 've got to establish it from Day One and say , ` I 'm not your buddy ; I 'm not your friend ; I 'm just your teacher . ' " Keith agrees that teachers sometimes need to communicate after school with students about educational matters , but he said that 's why teachers in Missouri have their own class pages hosted by their school districts . Those pages eliminate the need for Facebook or MySpace , he says , and allow the schools to monitor all student-teacher communication . Many students , including Dixie Johnston , a senior at Hickman High School in Columbia , Missouri , said that although their teachers have school-sponsored pages , most students rarely check them . Turner insists that Facebook and MySpace are n't the evils that regulators should be after . Instead Turner wishes the focus remain on vetting the teachers being put in charge of the nation 's youth . "  It 's a sad thing , but with teaching you are going to have people who are attracted to the profession because of easy availability of kids , " Turner said . "  Those predators are going to be there . But most of the time there are warning signs , and that 's what we need to be working on , getting those people out ... not stopping teachers who have n't caused problems from reaching those who need -LSB- help -RSB- most . "	Some teachers use sites like MySpace to help connect , communicate with students Critics say the online communication breeds inappropriate relationships Proposed law would ban teachers from having online friendships with students Teacher says predators will get to children even if online friendships barred
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says it 's hypocritical to oppose school vouchers while sending your children to private school . CNN  -- When President Obama signs the $ 410 billion omnibus spending bill , there will be shouts of joy from both sides as Republicans and Democrats get their cherished earmarks . Yet tucked into that bill is an amendment pushed by the president 's former colleague in the Senate , Illinois Democrat Dick Durbin , who used his influence to essentially kill the District of Columbia school vouchers program . Oh sure , it will be portrayed that the Democrats are n't killing the program , but the initiative calls for no new students to be allowed entry , unless approved by Congress and the District of Columbia City Council . And considering that the teachers union has such a death grip on both Democratic-controlled institutions , you can forget about that happening . Democrats say they believe in school choice , but they do n't fully accept the gamut of choices . They will happily tout charter schools , also opposed by the national teachers unions , but stop at vouchers . Why ? Because Republicans have consistently advocated for vouchers , and Democrats have convinced themselves that vouchers will somehow destroy the public school infrastructure . Now , some believe the Obama administration is sending mixed signals because Education Secretary Arne Duncan has said he does n't want to see kids thrown out of Washington schools who are already in the existing voucher program . Fine . But the reality is that after this year , no new kids will be allowed to enroll in the program , and that folks , is killing the program . Obama and his party have never been fans of vouchers . Why ? They contend that vouchers would hurt the public school system . Vouchers allow parents who ca n't afford private school to remove their children from public schools in order to get a better education . Well , is n't that what the president and those in his party do themselves by sending their children to private school ? Only they do n't need the government 's help . The standard fallback position of Democrats and the Obama administration is that the Washington program only helps 1,700 children a year , and those who do n't qualify are stuck in a sorry system , and they are largely poor and minority . They contend that since every student ca n't be helped by vouchers , none should be helped . So parents and children are supposed to sit tight and wait on the promised reform to trickle down from Washington to the local school systems , and then all will be well ? To me , that 's sort of like saying that historically African-Americans are likely to have high rates of diabetes and hypertension , so instead of launching a program to save some from developing the disease , let 's wait for a comprehensive plan where all can be saved at one time . Sorry , folks . I believe you save as many as you can now , and continue to save the rest later . This should n't be an either/or proposition , but an and/both situation . The other fundamental problem here is that we have a bunch of politicians deciding what 's best for education over the objections of actual educators ! For instance , Democrats have had high praise for the superintendent of schools in Washington , Michelle Rhee . Just one problem : she supports vouchers . "  I do n't think vouchers are going to solve all the ills of public education , but parents who are zoned to schools that are failing kids should have options to do better by their kids , " she told The New York Times . So if Rhee backs them , why not give her the vote of confidence to continue the program while she tries to fix the ailing school system ? The education reform outlined by President Obama on Tuesday is necessary . But we are a long way from seeing the kind of systemic changes that will fix our public schools . His plan goes far on personal and parental responsibility , yet relies on states to enact their own measures of change , and with 50 different state school plans , we know that is a disaster waiting to happen . I would have more confidence if President Obama and members of Congress truly walked the walk and sent their kids to public schools . If they have so much faith in them turning around with reform , entrust their own children to public education . That 's the kind of confidence our system needs . If it 's good enough for yours , then surely it 's good enough for mine . But preaching to the rest of us about the virtues of a public education , then sending your own children to private school and denying the use of vouchers so others can do the same , is frankly hypocritical . I know the value of a public education , and went to such institutions for elementary , middle , high school and college . Yet looking at the sorry state public schools are in now , maybe seeing kids leave in droves via vouchers will force school administrators and teachers to stop thinking they have all the answers and allow for innovation and full accountability , from the classroom to the boardroom . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Omnibus spending bill essentially kills Washington school vouchers He says Democrats oppose the bill because they think it weakens public schools Martin : Vouchers let parents do what Obama does -- send kids to private school He says president is being hypocritical by not letting the program continue
CNN  -- Two U.S. Border Patrol agents who were assisting in the apprehension of suspected illegal immigrants were killed Thursday when their vehicle was struck by a train , officials said . They were driving an unmarked Border Patrol vehicle when it was struck by a 90-car freight train at a crossing about nine miles west of Gila Bend , Arizona , the agency said . Authorities were investigating what caused the accident that killed Border Patrol Agents Eduardo Rojas Jr. and Hector Clark , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a statement . The vehicle , an SUV , was struck by the train at the rail crossing of Paloma Road near exit 106 of Interstate 8 . "  This is unfortunate not just for me , not just for the Yuma Sector , but for the Border Patrol as a whole , " Border Patrol spokesman Kenneth Quillin said . The agents were on duty and were assisting other officers in tracking down a group of people suspected to have entered the country illegally , Quillin said . The agents were trying to position themselves north of where the other agents were , he said . Both Clark , 39 , and Rojas , 35 , were lead agents in the Border Patrol 's Yuma Sector , the agency said . Rojas , who had been working with the patrol for more than 11 years , is survived by his wife and two children . Clark , who had been working with the patrol for nearly 10 years , also is survived by his wife and two children . "  This tragedy is a reminder to all of us that whether they are facing down a criminal suspect with a weapon , or patrolling the highways and deserts , these law enforcement professionals encounter life-threatening dangers every day , " Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne said . Napolitano noted the service of others as she expressed sympathy for the victims and their families . "  We also keep in our thoughts and prayers all of those who put their lives at risk every day , at home and abroad , to defend our country . We honor their service and pray for their continued safety , " she said . On Friday , a Mexican man was arraigned in a U.S. federal court for the killing last December of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry in Arizona . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : The Border Patrol says the agents ' vehicle was struck by a 90-car freight train NEW : Both agents had been working with the Border Patrol for about a decade Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano says authorities are investigating The agents were assisting in the apprehension of suspected illegal immigrants
CNN Student News  -- June 7 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Florida North Korea ; South Korea Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the End of Year Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News this school year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The son of the former shah of Iran called Monday for solidarity against Iran 's Islamic regime , warning that the democratic movement born out of the election crisis might not succeed without international support . Reza Shah Pahlavi has lived in exile since 1979 , when his father was overthrown during the Islamic Revolution . "  The moment of truth has arrived , " Reza Shah Pahlavi said at Washington 's National Press Club . "  The people of Iran need to know who stands with them . " Pahlavi has lived in exile since 1979 , when his father , Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi , was overthrown during the Islamic Revolution . Under the shah 's regime , Iran saw nationalization of its oil and a strong movement toward modernization . Still , his secular programs and recognition of Israel cost him the support of the country 's Shiite clergy , sparking clashes with the religious right and others who resented his pro-West views . The son now lives in the United States with his family , where he spends much of his time talking about the Islamic regime in Iran . During his remarks , he broke into tears when he spoke of "  bullets piercing our beloved Neda , " a woman killed Saturday by Iranian police at a protest in Tehran , whose death has become a rallying cry among demonstrators in Iran . Watch one woman 's account of clashes with security forces " The Iranian regime , he said , was a "  sinking Titanic " that might not survive the demands for democracy and human rights reverberating through the country . Watch Pahlavi call vote "  fraud " " Citing anecdotes from people inside the Iranian establishment , Pahlavi said he had heard that security forces have begun to distance themselves from the regime . "  It has already started , " he said , citing reports that members of the security forces have gone home after their shifts ended and changed into plain clothes to join the protesters . "  Many , many elements within the security forces , within the Revolutionary Guard , are showing discontent , " Pahlavi said . "  There is an amazing reflection that is happening . ... This is a movement that has blown out of proportion . " Pahlavi praised the statements and tone of President Obama , saying that any outside attempt to interfere in Iran 's internal affairs "  will give the tyrants the excuse they need to paper over their own differences and target every man struggling for freedom as a foreign agent . " But he said there was a difference between interfering in a country 's sovereign affairs and standing for principles of human rights and democracy . "  We welcome that . This is effective . It is important , " he said . "  This is precisely what Iranians at home demand world leaders , particularly someone like President Obama , who after all his entire message of hope and change and affirmative action ... was a big inspiration to many . " But , he added , Obama and other world leaders must be prepared to change their tactics if the violence against protesters gets much worse . "  The question is , what will the world governments do this time ? " he asked . "  Are we going to have Tiananmen Square revisited ? Or is -LSB- it -RSB- going to be this time different ? "	Reza Shah Pahlavi : Democratic movement needs international support to succeed He called Iranian regime a "  sinking Titanic " that might not survive the movement Pahlavi cited reports security forces go home , change clothes , join protest He praised Obama but encouraged countries to be prepared to stand up and help
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- The Colombian president has dismissed as "  media spectacle " a decision by Colombian rebels to release an American captive to civil rights leader the Rev. Jesse Jackson . Jackson said Sunday that FARC rebel leaders have agreed to release U.S. Army veteran Kevin Scott Sutay . "  They have released him already , " he said . "  But we must go to get him . He 's in Colombia in the jungle . That involves the permission of the government of Colombia and the Red Cross and the facilitating our going into the jungle . Because it 's a war zone and there needs to be a cease-fire . " FARC guerrillas captured Sutay on June 20 while he was backpacking through Colombia . Saturday , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos tweeted , "  Only the Red Cross will be authorized to facilitate the delivery of the North American kidnapped by FARC . We will not allow a media spectacle . " A statement on the presidential website went further : "  They need now all kinds of media shows to free a detained person after they promised they would never kidnap anyone . " Colombian officials previously said they feared FARC would use Sutay 's release to garner media coverage . ' A humanitarian gesture ' Jackson said FARC invited him to Havana , where the group has been holding peace talks with the Colombian government since last October . "  It 's a humanitarian gesture of their own volition , demanding nothing in return , " Jackson said at a news conference in the Cuban capital Saturday . "  I consider it as a gesture to reinforce the peace negotiation . " FARC guerrillas said in a statement they had previously offered to free Sutay but that "  the Colombian government did not provide the minimum necessary conditions we need for this procedure . " The presidential website statement said that if the rebels are indeed acting in good faith , "  they should release him quickly without any strings attached . " The U.S. State Department said it was aware that Jackson had "  expressed a willingness to assist " and that it was in close contact with the Colombian government . ` He is a tourist ' Jackson said he hopes the Red Cross in Colombia will provide a helicopter to remove Sutay from the remote area of the country where he is being held and that the Colombian government will designate the area a cease-fire zone during his release . Despite the 10-month old peace talks , the Colombian government has resisted calls for a cease-fire with guerrillas , saying the rebels have used previous cease-fires to strengthen their forces . Sutay served in the U.S. Army from November 2009 to March 2013 . He served in Afghanistan for a year starting in November 2010 , according to the U.S. Defense Department . He is from Willow Spring , North Carolina , and won a number of awards , including an Army Commendation Medal and a National Defense Service Medal . The Pentagon lists his rank as private . Despite Sutay 's military background , Jackson said the Army veteran had peaceful motives for visiting Colombia . "  The fact is , he is a tourist , " Jackson said . FARC , whose name in Spanish is the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , began fighting the government in the 1960s , making it Latin America 's oldest guerrilla force . There have been sporadic peace talks between the rebels and the government since the 1980s . The last attempt failed in 2002 . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana and Nelson Quinones from Atlanta . CNN 's Jessica King , Laura Koran and Melissa Gray also contributed .	Jackson says the release would be a ` humanitarian gesture of their own volition " U.S. civil rights leader Jesse Jackson says he 's helping to facilitate the release Kevin Scott Sutay was captured by FARC rebels in June He is a U.S. Army veteran who served in Afghanistan
CNN  -- An impoverished South Korean gymnast has not only struck Olympic gold , but also reaped 500 million won  US$ 444,000  in the latest donation in a veritable rags to riches tale . For several years , Yang Hak-seon , who won South Korea 's first ever Olympics gymnastics gold medal Monday , has been living with his parents in a small polytunnel in a rural area of Jeolla province , 200 kilometers southwest of the capital . Covered with thin wooden boards and plastic sheeting , the makeshift structure was nearly swept away during heavy rains two years ago , according to South Korean media . Why do Olympians bite their medals ? As Yang 's financial plight has come to light following his Olympic win in the men 's vault final , companies have been rushing to provide for the newly-minted star . The latest donation of 500 million won  US$ 444,000  comes from the chairman of LG Group , Koo Bon Moo , who announced Thursday that the gift was intended to help Yang put aside financial worries and focus on his training . Yang , who said after his victory that he wanted to build a house for his family , will also have this wish come true , according to local media . The CEO of construction company Samla Group , announced earlier this week that he will build the athlete an apartment valued at US$ 190,000 . Yang and his family will able to move into the apartment by the end of next year , Oh Woo-hyun said . Nongshim , the manufacturer of Yang 's favorite instant noodles , has also said it will provide his family with "  limitless amount of instant noodles , " according to a press statement . And if Yang 's needs are not covered by corporate donations , he can use the 100 million won  US$ 88,800  personally donated to him by the head of the Korea Gymnastic Association . Few were aware of Yang 's dire financial situation until the London Olympics , including his own coach . He only knew Yang as a young man with a natural gift for gymnastics , Cho Sung-doe told CNN in a phone interview . Cycling 's glamor girl ponders next career move Yang 's story emerged only after his gold medal win . Yang and his family had been living in the polytunnel since his father lost his factory job due to injury several years ago , according to South Korean media reports . Since then , he has been supporting the family with his modest income from the Korea Gymnastic Association , supplementing the small wage his father earns for working part-time as a farmer , reports said . According to his Olympic profile , Yang started training in gymnastics at the age of nine . As a teenager he emerged as a contender in international competitions when he placed first in the vault event at the 2010 Asian Games . Performing his signature move , a triple-twisting front somersault , at the London Games , the 20-year-old talent recorded an average score of 16.533 in the men 's vault final , pushing his closest rivals from Russia and Ukraine to second and third place . Yang first performed his winning somersault at the 2011 World Championships , where he took first place . The move has since been named "  the Yang . " Complete coverage : Olympics 2012	Yang Hak-seon won South Korea 's first ever Olympics gymnastics gold medal Monday Reports of Yang 's makeshift polytunnel home emerged after gold medal win Yang now flooded with corporate gifts , including money , noodles , and an apartment Yang also received US$ 88,800 from Korea Gymnastic Association
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Oakland 's bid to become the first U.S. city to tax proceeds on medical marijuana passed Tuesday by a landslide vote . About 80 percent of people voting in the Oakland election approved the new medical marijuana tax . About 80 percent of voters chose to impose the tax on Oakland 's medical marijuana facilities , according to the Alameda County Registrar of Voters . Some celebrated the news at Oaksterdam University by hand-rolling large marijuana cigarettes or stuffing cannabis into pipes . The school trains students for work in the medical marijuana industry . "  It is important because the city of Oakland is facing a massive deficit like many jurisdictions in California , " said Steve DeAngelo , a leader of one of the city 's cannabis clubs . "  And we decided to step up to the plate and make a contribution to the city in a time of need . " DeAngelo , one of the people who led the effort to get the tax approved , said his business will now have to pay more than $ 350,000 from the new tax next year . Watch report from CNN 's Dan Simon " Oakland 's City Council was also behind the move . "  Given that the medical cannabis dispensaries are something that was legalized in California , why not have revenue from it ? " said councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan . There was no formal opposition to the effort , but some drug fighters say the tax sends the wrong message . "  The taxation of a federally unlawful drug is just not something that the community should accept , " said Paul Chabot of the Coalition for a Drug Free California . "  With the state in dire straits in finances and the country looking for ways to pay down debt , looking at illegal drugs is the absolute wrong thing to do . " The measure , passed in special mail-in election Tuesday , imposes a 1.8 percent gross receipts tax on the four licensed medical cannabis dispensaries in Oakland . These facilities would have to pay about $ 18 in taxes for every 1,000 in marijuana sales . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	80 % of voters choose to impose tax on Oakland 's medical marijuana facilities Oakland , California , becomes first U.S. city to impose such a tax Cannabis club leader says he supported effort ; he 'll owe about $ 350,000 next year People opposed to medical marijuana facilities say tax sends wrong message
CNN  They 're not rich and famous -- they 're just regular people -- but that did n't stop them from being extraordinary . The following five people transformed into heroes in 2013 after they made some selfless and inspirational split-second decisions . Meet them Thursday during an hour-long special airing at 10 p.m. ET on CNN . Anderson Cooper and HLN 's Robin Meade will ask these extraordinary people what motivated them to take action when they were thrust in the middle of some of this year 's biggest stories : LaDonna Cobb She put herself in harm 's way to save students during tornado . The teacher 's assistant had taken off work on the afternoon of May 20 , 2013 , to close on a new home with her husband . But that would have to wait . The couple found themselves rushing back to Briarwood Elementary in Moore , Oklahoma , to pick up their three daughters because a tornado alert had been issued for the area . LaDonna knew she had to stay and help , even though her husband begged her to leave . She physically positioned herself over the kids as the tornado tore apart the school . "  Safety  does n't really cross my mind , " LaDonna said . "  At that point , I just wanted to put whatever I could between whatever was going to happen and those babies . " Zach Sobiech He used music to find peace and purpose during his suffering . Zach Sobiech may have lost his battle with cancer last May , but his music and his message of hope continue to make an impact in the world today . Sobiech wrote a beautiful song called "  Clouds " that went viral this year and topped the charts . All proceeds from the song 's sale go to a fund that supports cancer research , which Sobiech created before he died . "  Joy and suffering can go hand in hand , " said Zach 's mom , Laura Sobiech . "  He chose to be happy . He chose that and he fought for it every day . " Antoinette Tuff She managed to calm -- and disarm -- a gunman . The school bookkeeper found herself face to face with an AK-47 on August 20 , 2013 . A locked security door should have kept suspect Michael Brandon Hill out of Ronald McNair Discovery Center in suburban Atlanta , Georgia . But the 20-year-old reportedly made his way into the school by following a parent through the front door . Tuff said she was meant to be in the front office with Hill that day and that she was armed with her own weapon -- faith . She used her past experiences to connect with the troubled man and worked as a mediator between him and police . "  I was terrified on the inside but I know that if I kept him there with me , there 's a likelihood no one would get hurt , " Tuff said . Carlos Arredondo He saved a gravely wounded victim of the Boston bombing . He did n't know it at the time , but Carlos Arredondo would end up helping save a man who would go on to identify one of the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing . Arredondo , once a volunteer firefighter in Costa Rica , was at the race 's finish line , passing out American flags and advocating for the needs of military vets and suicide prevention . When he heard the second blast go off on April 15 , 2013 , Arredondo rushed toward the chaos to offer his help . He fashioned a tourniquet for a man named Jeff Bauman , who had lost both of his legs . Arredondo also rushed Bauman to an ambulance in a wheelchair . "  He does a lot of simple acts of kindness whenever the opportunity presents itself , " said Arredondo 's wife , Mlida . "  It 's his nature . " Sergio Consuegra He calmed the chaos of a pack of angry bikers . A badly beaten SUV driver had just come face to face with an angry pack of bikers when Consuegra decided to step in between them . The bikers had swarmed the SUV once before , right after the driver bumped into one of them . The driver , who had his family in tow , sped away from that escalating scene and plowed over another biker , who was critically injured . When the SUV later came to a stop , the situation descended into chaos . Consuegra , a father of 10 who was on his way to church , managed to diffuse tensions , risking his own life to save others . "  I felt like God wanted me to be there that day , " said Consuegra .	An hour-long CNN special looks at five extraordinary people For some , their actions in the midst of chaos and crises saved lives For one , he touched other lives with his music in the midst of his suffering
CNN  -- Few dinosaurs have as interesting a back story as the spinosaurus . In life , it dominated the waterways -- a 50-foot-long behemoth that employed its blade-like claws and conical , razor-sharp teeth to annihilate its prey . It chomped down on sharks for breakfast . Ninety-five million years after its extinction , this strangely aquatic dinosaur -- the only one of its kind that we know of -- has had to contend with Nazis , bomb raids , armed gangs and mysterious moustachioed men . Its story has all the makings of a spy novel . The most recent chapter in the spinosaurus ' long and very bizarre tale occurred last year when Nizar Ibrahim , a German-Moroccan palaeontologist from the University of Chicago , uncovered the most complete skeleton fossil of the species yet found in Morocco 's Sahara Desert . It also happens to be the only remaining skeleton of the species , as all other physical evidence of the spinosaurus was obliterated 70 years ago . "  It 's a really mysterious dinosaur .  Until now  , all we had was little bits and pieces , tantalizing clues and drawings of a partial skeleton that had been destroyed in World War II , " explains Ibrahim . Early bones The first , and up until recently only , spinosaurus skeleton ever found was uncovered by a fossil collector working for German palaeontologist Ernst Stromer -- then one of the world 's leading experts on the enigmatic dinosaurs of North Africa . For years , Stromer unearthed a paleontological treasure trove in the Sahara . "  Ernst Stromer was really a very productive scientist . He was an explorer , and he was really the first person to resurrect the lost world of Africa 's dinosaurs in a big way , " says Ibrahim . Unfortunately , his luck turned with the onset of a war that would rob him of his sons -- two died in battle while the third barely survived a five-year imprisonment -- and his life 's work . Most of his finds were stored at a palaeontology museum in Munich . He begged the director to relocate the dinosaur collection , but was refused , and in April 1944 , an allied air raid destroyed the institution and Stromer 's findings . "  Everything went up in flames , and Stromer lost all these incredible finds in a single night , " recalls Ibrahim , who considers Stromer his role model . "  Resurrecting the spinosaurus -- his most famous discovery -- was the best way to bring Stromer back into the books of dinosaur palaeontology , " he says . The man with the mustache Ibrahim 's hunt for the spinosaurus began in 2008 when he met a moustachioed Moroccan fossil hunter who was proffering rare-looking samples from a cardboard box . "  One piece looked really interesting . It was a blade-shaped piece of bone and I did think at the time that maybe this is a chunk of the spine of spinosaurus , " he recalls . Years later , colleagues from the Natural History Museum in Milan showed him similar samples of what they , too , believed was a partial skeleton of a spinosaurus . "  It was spectacular . We had leg bones and spines and ribs and skull bones . It was very exciting , but we had a big problem . We had no idea where the skeleton came from ,  which  means we do n't know anything about the environment the animal lived in , the geological context , or if the bones were found in the same place , " he says . With a closer look , however , the bones looked familiar . Ibrahim suspected they not only came from the same site as the specimen he was shown in Morocco , but from the same dinosaur . What followed was a five-year hunt for the man with the mustache -- it was the only detail Ibrahim remembered about the encounter . In 2013 , Ibrahim called off the search while sipping mint tea with colleagues in a Moroccan cafe . "  I think I was a little naive and very optimistic , and ... we thought , OK , we ca n't find the guy , so that 's the end of our mission impossible . Just like in a bad Hollywood movie , the very moment when I was ready to throw in the towel , a man walked passed our table . The man had a mustache and it was the man I had been looking for . " After Ibrahim caught up with him , the man took him back to where he first made the finds . Further excavations dug up even more bones , most likely from the same animal . The collection painted the most complete picture to date of what the animal looked like and how it lived . Mainly , Ibrahim was able to ascertain that spinosaurus was an aquatic dinosaur  a first ; previously , there was no known evidence of such a creature  . Dense bones -- rare in dinosaurs but common in penguins -- provided the animal with buoyancy in rivers , while a crocodile-like snout helped it both to breathe and sense movement underwater . A seven-foot "  sail " on the animal 's back helped it navigate through the seas . The findings were published in the journal Science last month , are the cover story of this month 's issue of National Geographic , and are also currently the subject of an exhibit at the National Geographic Museum in Washington . The Sahara : Land of giants The Sahara of today can be pretty inhospitable . The land is vast and remote , and offers few visual clues . Temperatures rarely dip below 100 F , and high winds make for some ferocious sandstorms . The sand is also riddled with booby traps : Scorpions , snakes and landmines -- not to mention the odd armed militia doing the rounds -- which tend to keep most palaeontologists at bay . Ibrahim , however , is addicted to the landscape . "  The Sahara is a magical place . You 'll find fossils of giant fish and river turtles and crocodile-like predators , and that 's when it hits you : This place was very , very different 95 million years ago . It was a bizarre world , really like a different planet , " he says . In place of the current , seemingly endless expanse of sand , there was a river system that housed all manner of strange creatures . "  I call it ` the river of giants . '  There were  giant sawfish and lungfish , flying reptiles -- some with wingspans of six or seven meters -- and lots of predatory dinosaurs . " It 's a place Ibrahim is eager to revisit . "  Let 's just say this is n't the last time I travel to the Sahara in search of lost worlds and bizarre creatures , " he says .	Nizar Ibrahim found the most complete skeleton of spinosaurus It 's the first known aquatic dinosaur The only other skeleton was destroyed in a bomb raid It 's bigger than T-Rex
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The badly burned former nanny of two of Moammar Gadhafi 's grandchildren was receiving medical treatment Tuesday in the burn unit of a Tripoli hospital . Shwygar Mullah says the wife of Gadhafi 's son Hannibal poured boiling water on her for failing to keep a child quiet . She is being treated with antibiotics for an infection . Her burns are dressed . CNN first met Mullah on Sunday while visiting the luxurious former home of Hannibal Gadhafi . As a CNN crew was about to leave , one of the staff members mentioned a nanny who worked for Hannibal Gadhafi . He said that Hannibal 's wife , Aline , had burned the nanny . At first it looked as though the nanny was wearing a hat and something over her face . Then the crew realized that her scalp and face were covered in red wounds and scabs , a mosaic of injuries that rendered her face into a grotesque patchwork . Even though the burns were inflicted three months ago , she clearly was still in considerable pain , but she told her story calmly . She 'd been the nanny to Hannibal 's little son and daughter . The 30-year-old came to Libya from her native Ethiopia a year ago . At first things seemed OK , but then six months into her employment she was burned by Aline , she said . Three months later the same thing happened again , this time much more seriously . In soft tones , she said Aline lost her temper when her daughter would n't stop crying and Mullah refused to beat the child . "  She took me to a bathroom . She tied my hands behind my back , and tied my feet . She taped my mouth , and she started pouring the boiling water on my head like this , " she said , imitating the vessel of scalding hot water being poured over her head . She peeled back the garment draped carefully over her body . Her chest , torso and legs are all mottled with scars -- some old , some still red , raw and weeping . As she spoke , clear liquid oozed from an open wound on her head . After one attack , "  There were maggots coming out of my head , because she had hidden me and no one had seen me , " Mullah said . Photographs show Mullah 's terrible condition when she first arrived at the hospital in June -- taken by doctors who started to treat her . They say they were bullied by Hannibal Gadhafi 's staff into stopping treatment . Hospital director Rida Franka told CNN : "  After three days they came and threatened me here and said you have to discharge the case or otherwise you have a lot of problems . " Despite the threats , a guard later brought the nanny back secretly for more treatment . When the Gadhafi family found out , doctors say they were again ordered to stop treatment . And after Aline Gadhafi found out about the kind actions of Mullah 's co-worker , he was threatened with imprisonment if he dared to help her again . "  When she did all this to me , for three days , she would n't let me sleep , " Mullah said . "  I stood outside in the cold , with no food . She would say to staff , ` If anyone gives her food , I 'll do the same to you . ' I had no water -- nothing . " Her colleague , a man from Bangladesh who did n't want to give his name , says he was also regularly beaten and slashed with knives . He corroborated Mullah 's account and said the family 's dogs were treated considerably better than the staff . Mullah was forced to watch as the dogs ate and she was left to go hungry , he said . CNN has been inundated with offers of assistance for Mullah and is working with humanitarian organizations and medical officials to get help for her . As soon as information is available , CNN will let people know how to help on CNN and CNN.com / impact .	NEW : Doctors say they were bullied by Gadhafi staff into halting treatment for the nanny Shwygar Mullah says Gadhafi 's daughter-in-law burned her for failing to keep a child quiet Her wound is dressed and she is getting antibiotics for an infection CNN will let people know how to help her at CNN.com / impact
Denver  CNN  -- Raymond Davis , who was charged with killing two men in Pakistan as a CIA contractor but was later released , was arrested Saturday after a fistfight at a shopping center in Colorado , authorities said . Davis was charged with misdemeanor assault and disorderly conduct after allegedly getting into a fight over a parking space at a suburban Denver mall , according to Lt. Glenn Peitzmeier of the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . The incident at the Highlands Ranch Town Center began as an argument between 37-year-old Davis and 50-year-old Jeff Maes and then turned physical , Peitzmeier said . Davis was released after posting $ 1,750 bond , Peitzmeier said . Davis ' wife , Rebecca , declined a CNN request for comment . Davis was charged with killing two men in Lahore , Pakistan , in January . He was released in March after compensation was paid to their families . U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and tried to claim diplomatic immunity but then revealed that he was a CIA contractor . Davis said he killed the two men in self-defense , though Lahore authorities called the case "  clear-cut murder . "	Raymond Davis is charged with misdemeanor assault , a sheriff 's official says Davis is accused of getting into a fistfight over a parking spot at a mall , the official says Davis was arrested in January on charges he killed two men in Lahore , Pakistan U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat , but later revealed he was a CIA contractor
CNN  -- Top Republican lawmakers Sunday called on President Obama to change his political strategy , arguing that the passage of a massive stimulus bill on a party-line vote showed he has failed to deliver the "  change " he promised . Sen. John McCain says the Obama administration is off to a "  bad beginning . " "  If this is going to be bipartisanship , the country 's screwed , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  I know bipartisanship when I see it . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said Obama was off to "  a bad beginning , " out of step with the vow of bipartisanship both men made after Obama beat out the Republican presidential nominee for the White House in November . "  It was a bad beginning because it was n't what we promised the American people , what President Obama promised the American people , that we would sit down together , " McCain told CNN 's "  State of the Union With John King . " The $ 787 billion bill made it through Congress with the support of three Republicans -- Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine and Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania . Obama is expected to sign the bill Tuesday in Denver , Colorado . Watch Democratic and GOP analysts debate bipartisanship " "  This is not ` change we can believe in , ' " Graham , a member of the Senate Banking Committee , told ABC . He said Democrats "  rammed it through the House " after starting out "  with the idea , ` We won -- we write the bill . ' " But Obama 's spokesman insisted the stimulus is a bipartisan success . Speaking to CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said , "  We 're happy that Congress , in a bipartisan way , took steps to make whatever happens in this recession easier to take for the American people . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus plan And on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Gibbs said , "  I think what you saw from this president was an unprecedented effort to reach out to Republicans . Not just in meetings at the White House , but you had the president drive up to Capitol Hill to meet with Republicans where they work . " McCain fired back . "  Look , I appreciate the fact that the president came over and talked to Republicans , " he said . "  That 's not how you negotiate a result . You sit down together in a room with competing proposals . Almost all of our proposals went down on a party-line vote . " When the next major piece of legislation aimed at helping the economy recover reaches Congress , McCain said that he hopes "  we will sit down together and conduct truly bipartisan negotiations . This was not a bipartisan bill . " iReport.com : McCain 's actions "  totally reprehensible " McCain added , "  Republicans were guilty of this kind of behavior . I 'm not saying that we did things different . But Americans want us to do things differently , and they want us to work together . " Gibbs described things differently . "  This president has always worked in a bipartisan fashion , " he told King . "  He will continue to reach out to Republicans . John , we hope that Republicans will decide they want to reach back . "	Sens. John McCain , Lindsey Graham say stimulus bill was n't bipartisan Spokesman : President made "  unprecedented effort to reach out to Republicans " Congress passes $ 787 billion stimulus bill with support of three Republicans President Obama expected to sign bill on Tuesday
The driver of a train that derailed in northwestern Spain last week , killing 79 people , was on the phone with railway staff when the train crashed , court officials announced Tuesday , citing information from data recorders . The train was going 153 kph  95 mph  when it derailed , the superior tribunal of Galicia said . That 's nearly twice the speed limit on the curve where the accident happened . Authorities have charged the train 's driver , Francisco Jose Garzon , with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness and an undetermined number of counts of causing injury by professional recklessness . A court has granted Garzon conditional release , but his license to operate a train has been suspended for six months . He also was required to surrender his passport and report to court weekly . CNN efforts to locate him have been unsuccessful . Spain train crash victims mourned at memorial mass The train , nearing the end of a six-hour trip between Madrid and Ferrol , derailed Wednesday evening as it hurtled around a bend in Santiago de Compostela . Minutes before the derailment , Garzon received a call on his work phone , apparently receiving instructions on the way to Ferrol from a Renfe staff member , the court said Tuesday . Background noise suggested he was looking at or shuffling papers , the court said . On Spain 's railroad system , command and control posts can communicate with drivers at any point during a journey , a spokeswoman from Renfe -- the Spanish railroad company -- told CNN 's Karl Penhaul . Drivers communicate via radio-telephones known in Spanish as "  tren-tierras " or train-to-land . But drivers also use mobile phones if radio-telephones are not working or "  when it 's considered necessary , " the spokeswoman said . Steve Harrod , a railroad transportation expert at Ohio 's University of Dayton , said he was stunned by the report that the driver may have been speaking on the phone shortly before the crash . In the United States , Harrod said , railroad drivers are not allowed to use cell phones to prevent dangerous distractions . Shortly before the train crashed , according to reports , the Spanish train had passed from a computer-controlled area of the track to a zone that requires the driver to take control of braking and acceleration , Harrod said . "  It 's possible that the driver 's phone conversation -- which apparently was part of his official capacity as a driver -- distracted him and he missed the transition from automatic to driver control , " Harrod said . He may have been unaware he was in control of the train and realized , ` oh , no , we 're headed for a curve . ' If that 's true , I really do n't think it was his fault . " The Renfe spokeswoman told CNN that command and control posts have real-time systems to show each train 's precise location at a given time . If this were the case , a controller who would have phoned the train driver might have known the train was approaching a curve . According to an interview in state-owned Efe news service with the president of the state-owned Administrator of Railway Infrastructures , the train should have started slowing down about 4 kilometers  2.48 miles  before the curve . At 192 kph , the train would have been traveling about 3.2 kilometers a minute . He hit the brakes seconds before the crash , bringing the speed down from 192 kph  119 mph  , according to the court . He was still on the phone when the train flew off the tracks . Of the 79 who died in the ensuing wreck , 63 were from Spain . Others were from the United States , Latin America and Europe . The victims were remembered Monday in a memorial Mass at a Catholic cathedral in Santiago de Compostela . "  Our brothers lost their lives ... when they had so many plans , " said Archbishop Julian Barrio . " It is not easy to understand and accept this reality , " he said , "  but I say to you , let our pain not be wasted . Everything has meaning in our lives . We are not shouting in a vacuum . " Victim : ` It felt like a roller coaster '	Phone call may have distracted train driver shortly before crash , expert says Court : Driver received call from railway staff minutes before crash At derailment , train was going 95 mph , court says ; speed limit for bend is 49 mph 79 people killed in Wednesday 's derailment in northwestern Spain
Melissa Nelson lost her bid Friday to have Iowa 's top court reverse its ruling that held the former dental assistant did not suffer gender bias when she was fired for being "  irresistible . " The Iowa Supreme Court stood by its December finding that Dr. James Knight was legally able to fire the assistant after his wife became concerned about the relationship between the two . Knight 's conduct was not sex discrimination in violation of the Iowa Civil Rights Act , the court said . The all-male court had previously ruled against Nelson , finding that employees who are seen as an "  irresistible attraction " by their employers can be fired in such circumstances . Read the court 's ruling  PDF Nelson worked for James Knight in 1999 and stayed for more than 10 years at the Fort Dodge business . Toward the end of her employment , Knight complained to Nelson her clothing was tight and "  distracting , " the court said in its first ruling . Nelson denied her clothes were inappropriate . At one point , Knight told Nelson that "  if she saw his pants bulging , she would know her clothing was too revealing . " At another point , in response to an alleged comment Nelson made about the infrequency of her sex life , Knight responded : -LSB- T -RSB- hat 's like having a Lamborghini in the garage and never driving it . " Knight would occasionally ask Nelson to wear a lab coat , the court said in its Friday ruling . During the last six months of Nelson 's employment , Nelson and Knight , both married with children , started sending text messages to each other outside of work . Neither objected to the texting . Knight 's wife , who was employed at the same dental office , found out about those messages in late 2009 and demanded he fire Nelson . In early 2010 , he did just that . In the presence of a pastor , Knight told Nelson she had become a "  detriment " to his family and that for the sakes of both their families , they should no longer work together , the court said . Knight gave Nelson one month 's severance . Justice Edward Mansfield wrote Friday that the court , in reconsidering the case , found that the firing of Nelson "  did not amount to unlawful discrimination . " He said that Nelson 's arguments warranted serious consideration , but the court found a distinction between an employment decision based on personal relations and one based on gender itself . "  In the former case , the decision is driven entirely by individual feelings and emotions regarding a specific person , " said Mansfield . "  Such a decision is not gender-based , nor is it based on factors that might be a proxy for gender . " "  While the loss of a job is often devastating to an employee , and at times unfair , these considerations do not play a role under our employment-at-will doctrine , and our exceptions to this law , such as sex discrimination , are only based on the underlying discriminatory motivation of the decision maker , " said Mansfield . Knight told Nelson she was his best assistant , according to the court . The dentist then hired another female assistant . Nelson did not contend her employer committed sexual harassment . Paige Fiedler , Nelson 's attorney , criticized Friday 's ruling . "  Up until now , courts were the only thing standing in the way of employers like Knight getting away with violating the civil rights of their employees , " Fiedler said in a statement . "  Now men can protect themselves from sexual harassment claims simply by firing women they 've been harassing . " After the court 's initial ruling in December , Knight 's attorney said a ruling against his client would "  ignore every other case we could find " with similar facts . "  He and his wife really agonized about it , " Stuart Cochrane said about Knight 's decision to fire Nelson . "  He did n't want to terminate her . " Chief Justice Mark Cady , in a concurring opinion Friday , said Knight and Nelson developed a consensual personal relationship . "  It is undisputed that this relationship extended well beyond the workplace . Nelson and Dr. Knight communicated with each other outside the workplace on matters extraneous to the employment . Their relationship was personal and closer than the relationships Dr. Knight maintained with the other employees , " Cady argued . Read more : San Diego mayor admits be needs ` help ' amid sexual harassment allegations	Melissa Nelson worked as a dental assistant for James Knight for more than 10 years The Iowa Supreme Court rules the dentist acted legally when he let her go Nelson was fired because Knight and his wife felt she was a threat to their marriage The all-male high court rules her termination did not constitute unlawful discrimination
EW.com  -- Get ready for more bad hair , mustaches , funky leisure suits , and laughs . Paramount Pictures has set the theater release date for the sequel to 2004 $  s "  Anchorman " for Dec. 20 , 2013 . Will Ferrell will be back as deep-voiced newsman Ron Burgundy , along with Steve Carell , Paul Rudd , and David Koechner in the comedy directed by script co-writer Adam McKay . McKay has hinted that the sequel will have whole song sequences , and we can only imagine Ferrell 's thick Burgundy mustache fluttering in the breeze during a diva number backed by the Channel 4 News gang . See original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Will Ferrell is coming back as newsman Ron Burgundy The sequel to "  Anchorman " will hit theaters Dec. 20 , 2013 Director has hinted that the sequel will have whole song sequences
Atlanta  CNN  -- My name is Lauren Johnson . I 'm an associate producer at CNN , and I have systemic lupus erythematosus . It 's an autoimmune disease where the body 's immune system becomes hyperactive and attacks healthy tissue . It can cause damage to many parts of body such as joints , skin , kidneys , heart , lungs , blood vessels and the brain . Lupus is one of the most complicated and cruelest autoimmune diseases . Simply put : It 's difficult to diagnose , hard to live with and challenging to treat . If I could write a letter to lupus , I would say "  I want me back , I 've had enough . " As a junior at Kent State University , I felt like I was on top of the world . I went to a great school , I was doing exactly what I love  journalism  , and then on September 11 , 2001 , I began to get unexplained illnesses one after another . Eventually , I landed in a hospital bed with an IV pumping a cocktail of drugs meant to cure "  a series of infections " ravaging my body . When I finally felt reasonable enough to go to class , I could n't remember things . My essays , as one professor told me , suddenly "  read like ramblings . " I was n't me . That semester , I ended up taking incompletes in all of my classes . My doctors and professors declared I was overwhelmed with catching up in my classes and the anxiety of it all consumed me . Little did I know that it would be a decade later before I would officially find out it was really systemic lupus erythematosus . My diagnosis came as I was entering what I considered the magical part of my life . I had married , had a beautiful daughter and was working my dream job  CNN  and finally felt like I was walking in my purpose . I began to have horrific migraines , excruciating nerve pain down my left arm , and bruises and rashes started to appear more and more often . Initially , I thought I was just tired and it was the allergies and the bruises . I simply attributed it to being anemic . This was until my esophagus began to feel as if it was closing up . I went to a physician , and he said I had a tumor on the shoulder and that must be causing everything I was feeling . When I went to the surgical oncologist , she said "  it 's not cancer " and referred me to an amazing internist . I had already gone through the gamut of diagnoses : leukemia , thoracic outlet syndrome , sarcoidosis . I was completely over the diagnosis portion of the process . My life had become work , bed and repeat . They ran multiple tests . I remember the appointment like it was yesterday . When I came back in for my follow-up , I was told I had lupus . A disease that has no cure . To me , that diagnosis was not a death sentence , but a sentence to feel the way that I felt at the moment for the rest of my life . I felt pain , I felt exhausted and I was not me . Having lupus has been like having a horrific hangover while doing two-a-day workouts -- #exhausting . No one knows what is wrong unless you tell them . There is no escaping the pain , and the only way out is to sleep or die . I 've felt like lupus at times has sucked the life out of me . It 's shifted my priorities , taken away many of the things I love because I 'm stuck in a holding pattern just treating the symptoms . Never being cured . Fighting this disease has been no easy ride . The disease has affected my brain , GI system , lungs and heart . I take nine medications to treat symptoms . Meaning , this is what I had to do to get through the day . Those drugs include chemotherapy , an antimalarial , a beta-blocker , an anticonvulsant , corticosteroids and a drug used to treat nerve damage . None of the drugs is specifically meant to treat lupus . When people see me , they always say , "  You do n't look sick . " This has sort of been a gift and a curse for me . On one hand , I did n't want people to look at me as if I had a disability . On the other , I wanted people to know what I 've been able to accomplish in spite of the disease . It 's an invisible fight for me , but now is my time to make some noise so we can find a cure . If no one is aware of my struggle , we ca n't get there . I want me back , and I 've realized that every breath I take is blessed with a responsibility . A responsibility to raise awareness about life with lupus and the need for a cure . Every day , this is what keeps me going . Lupus is one of America 's least recognized major diseases , although 1.5 million Americans are living with it . Research is not keeping pace with the research for other diseases of similar scope and devastation . A study conducted by the Lupus Foundation of America found 72 % of Americans from 18 to 34  those most at risk for lupus  have either not heard about lupus or know nothing more than the name . In the past century , only one drug has been developed and approved to treat the disease . With the ebbs and flows of the economy , this disease has taken the backseat to research investment priorities . The Lupus Foundation of America is the oldest and largest nonprofit organization focused on improving quality of life and finding a cure for lupus . To find out more information about the disease or to make a contribution , head over to lupus.org .	Lupus symptoms are unpredictable with potential to damage any organ Lupus has no known cause or cure An estimated 1.5 million Americans have Lupus The Lupus Foundation of America 's mission is to improve lives , find cure
Tehran  CNN  -- A passenger plane crashed in Tehran on Sunday , killing at least 39 people on board , official news agencies in Iran reported . The Antonov-140 propeller plane went down shortly after leaving the runway at Mehrabad International Airport after an engine failed , the FARS semiofficial news agency reported . Sepahan Airlines Flight 5915 was carrying 40 passengers and a crew of eight when it went down , according to official news reports . Though the Islamic Republic News Agency and Tehran Times initially said that all crew and passengers were killed , Press TV reported 37 people died in the crash , two more died at a Tehran hospital and nine others were in critical condition with serious burns . IRNA later said that 40 people had been killed . "  Both black boxes of Iran-140 airplane of Hesa Co.  Iran Aircraft Manufacturing Industrial Company  were found in search operations , " Ahmad Majidi , Iran 's deputy minister of roads and urban development , told the Iranian Students ' News Agency , according to Press TV . The crash also injured people on the ground , including employees at a glass factory , FARS said . Some of the injured suffered severe burns , Tasnimnews reported . A witness told FARS that the tail of the plane fell from the sky first , and the front of the plane crashed farther away . Rescue workers were still working Sunday afternoon to remove bodies from the wreckage , Tasnimnews said . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	Black boxes found as Iran media outlets differ on death toll The plane crashed shortly after leaving the runway The crash also injured people on the ground , including employees at a glass factory Some of those hurt suffered severe burns
Five things kill more people in the United States than anything else : heart disease , cancer , lung disease such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis , stroke and unintentional injuries such as those on roads or caused by medication overdoses . Together , these five conditions cause almost two-thirds of all deaths in the country -- nearly 900,000 each year . On Thursday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is releasing its first report on potentially preventable deaths from those causes in each one of the 50 states . The data suggest we could prevent at least a third of those deaths . We already know how to do it -- now we need to act on what we know . Whether it 's by investing resources , using proven strategies or coordinating with health care systems , we have within our communities the strengths to help people live long and healthy lives . Even identifying and focusing on just one issue that can be addressed in each community will make a difference . The greatest impact comes when we make the default choice the healthy choice -- for example , making heart-healthy actions part of the normal course of everyday life . CDC : 200,000 people die needlessly every year We can make it easier for people to be physically active , avoid tobacco and have access to affordable , healthy food . We can make it easier for people to get recommended clinical preventive services such as blood pressure management and cancer screening , and to have access to good quality health care when it 's needed . And we can make it so that our children are likely to reach adulthood without being addicted to nicotine or facing a potentially lifelong struggle with obesity . Here are some examples of communities making a difference :  In San Francisco , 44,000 children have access to safe recreational space because public school playgrounds are now open during nonschool hours .  Nearly 700,000 residents of Broward County , Florida , can increase their level of physical activity because their community is improving the safety and accessibility of walking , riding bikes and using public transportation . These are just two examples of success stories , large and small , that make the healthy choice easy . The Million Hearts initiative , launched by the Department of Health and Human Services in 2011 , brings together communities , health systems , nonprofit organizations , federal agencies and private-sector partners to prevent heart attacks and strokes . Americans suffer 2 million heart attacks and strokes each year , which cause one in every three deaths and add more than $ 300 billion to our annual health care bill . Million Hearts will reduce these human and economic costs by improving care for high blood pressure and high cholesterol , helping patients quit smoking and increasing use of aspirin for those who will benefit from it . Tobacco remains the leading preventable cause of death in this country and in the world . Tobacco use is a major factor in four out of the five leading causes of death : heart disease , cancer , lung disease and stroke . It causes about a third of heart disease and cancer , and most emphysema . Getting the last 20 % of Americans who still smoke to quit will make a huge difference in the length and quality of their lives . Most people in this country who smoke started as kids , most who have ever smoked have already quit , and most current smokers want to quit . We know it can kill us : Why people still smoke We can prevent children from starting to smoke , help motivate smokers to quit and protect nonsmokers from secondhand smoke by working at federal , state and local levels to eliminate loopholes in restrictions on tobacco marketing , pricing and products , and by expanding smoke-free regulations that cover all public places and workplaces without exception . This kind of change requires political will , especially when faced with vocal and well-organized opponents funded by the tobacco industry . We 've learned from health systems around the country that big improvements can come from simple measures that focus clinical attention . These include effective use of electronic health records to identify and track the progress of patients who need support , team-based care and the use of protocols and prompt data feedback . Change is never easy . But each year we do n't act adds tens of thousands of preventable deaths to the toll . We owe it to the American people to do better .	Heart disease , cancer and lung disease are among the top five U.S. killers Those five cause nearly two-thirds of deaths in the country New data suggest about a third of those can be prevented "  We need to act on what we know , " says CDC director
CNN  -- As it deals with fallout from its bankruptcy announcement , American Airlines is also facing the wrath of a family who claim their loved one died after eating a meal served by the carrier . The wife and daughter of the late Othon Cortes of Miami are suing the airline and Sky Chefs for more than $ 1 million , alleging he ate food contaminated with bacteria during a flight from Barcelona , Spain , to New York . The incident happened on May 18 after Cortes consumed an in-flight meal that allegedly contained chicken , according to a lawsuit filed last week in the U.S. District Court in Miami . As is typical for active lawsuits , American Airlines declined to comment about the complaint or its allegations , said Tim Smith , a spokesman for the carrier . Meanwhile , LSG Sky Chefs -- a German company that produces airline meals for more than 300 airlines -- has begun the process to dismiss the case , said spokeswoman Josefine Corsten . "  Based upon the allegations in the complaint it is not possible that Sky Chefs is the responsible party because we did not cater the Barcelona flight in question , " she said . The lawsuit states that after the plane landed at John F. Kennedy International Airport and as Cortes and his wife waited for their next flight to Miami , Cortes felt "  discomfort and pain that included sharp stomach cramps and sudden thirst and other clear outward manifestation of severe physical illness . " During the flight to Miami , Cortes experienced nausea and shortness of breath , and became unresponsive after a cardiac event , forcing the plane to make an emergency landing in Norfolk , Virginia , his wife and daughter said . He was pronounced dead on arrival . Cortes ' family alleges that his death was caused by poisoned food that American Airlines and Sky Chefs served on the international flight . It accuses the companies of "  failing to properly maintain or prepare the food " and alleges the companies allowed the food to become contaminated with Clostridium perfringens bacteria . Perfringens poisoning is one of the most commonly reported foodborne illnesses in the U.S. , according to the FDA . It is very rarely fatal , but a few deaths have been reported as a result of dehydration and other complications , the agency said .	Family of Othon Cortes sues American Airlines and Sky Chefs Cortes died after eating an in-flight meal contaminated with bacteria , family says American Airlines declines to comment on the case or its allegations Sky Chefs begins the process to dismiss the case ; says it did not cater the flight in question
CNN  -- It 's a Tuesday morning and Dr. Eric DeJonge is headed to work . But unlike most physicians , DeJonge 's office is his car and his patients are waiting for him in their homes , not in a large waiting room . As part of the Medical House Call Program , Dr. Eric DeJonge visits one of his group 's 600 patients . DeJonge , a geriatric specialist at Washington Hospital Center , runs the hospital 's "  Medical House Call Program . " Sharing duties with program co-founder Dr. George Taler and two other doctors , DeJonge criss-crosses the nation 's capital , checking on patients in their homes . Armed with a black bag and blackberry , DeJonge visits mostly the elderly who either ca n't get to a hospital or are so ill that moving them would prove life-threatening . He usually sees them once a month to check on their status , to make sure their medications are working , and to let them know he 's there for them . DeJonge says the one-on-one care is invaluable . "  We know the patients , their families , " he says . "  We know when they change medically , what has to happen to prevent them from making an ER visit . " Terry Carter 's father , Aubrey , has been homebound since he suffered a stroke over 20 years ago . For most of those years , Carter ran back and forth to doctors ' offices and the ER , making sure his father got the best medical help . It got to be expensive and time consuming and , as the years progressed , it became increasingly difficult to care for his dad . Carter says it was tough because "  I really do n't have very much help to take him out . " Now , with DeJonge making regular visits , Carter 's father does n't have to be moved from his home and his health has improved . "  He 's only been in the hospital twice in the last three years , " says Carter . "  Before that he was in the hospital every other month . " Dr. Gupta : Watch more on the return of the house call " House calls , once popular in the 1930s , began to drop off as medical technology improved . According to a recent article in the Clinics of Geriatric Medicine , home visits by doctors dropped from 40 percent of physician encounters in 1930 to 10 percent by 1950 ; by 1980 home visits represented less than 1 percent of physician encounters . Many patients , the article stated , felt they could get better care at hospitals and clinics , and shied away from having a doctor come to their home . And over the years , billing and paperwork for medical professionals became so overwhelming that many spent hours at their desks with calculators instead of spending time with their patients in their homes . And then , there was the financial disincentive : most insurance companies did n't pay for house calls . It was easier and more lucrative for doctors to see more patients in their office than fewer patients in their homes . Reimbursement was spotty and in order to survive doctors had to put house calls on the back burner . But that has begun to change . Ten years ago , Medicare made it a bit easier for physicians to receive payments for house calls by modifying the way doctors bill for their procedures . And this month , a new "  Independence at Home " bill -- designed to coordinate benefits for Medicare 's most expensive beneficiaries , like Aubrey Carter -- will be reintroduced , making it easier and less expensive to carry out house calls . "  Our current health care system does a poor job caring for seriously ill Americans , who often are ` lost in transition , ' " says Massachusetts Congressman Edward Markey , author of the bill . "  This bipartisan , bicameral bill holds great promise for improving quality of care , reducing hospitalizations , lowering costs and lifting the spirits of those who , after a lifetime of contributions to our society , deserve the dignity and peace of mind that comes with living independently . " From the doctors ' perspective , DeJonge says it will make all the difference in how he and his partners practice , and everyone would benefit . "  Those savings would be shared with the health systems that are willing to create them and serve their communities . For now , DeJonge , along with his fellow physicians and staff  three nurse practitioners , three social workers , one office nurse and four support staffers  , will continue to provide care for 600 patients in the neighborhoods of Washington . With the help of machines such a portable EKGs , compact ultrasounds and X-ray programs for laptops , they can provide even more extensive care to patients in their own homes than their 1930s counterparts . DeJonge says it 's stressful but rewarding . "  They feel like the medical community is part of their family , " he says . "  There is a trust level that they develop when you know them over that long period of time . That 's very important . "	In 1930s , 40 percent of physician encounters were house calls ; 1 percent by 1980 Financial disincentives and patient preference for clinics contributed to decline 10 years ago , Medicare made it easier for physicians to get paid for house calls Bill before Congress would make house calls less expensive , easier to arrange
CNN  -- CNN Hero Dan Wallrath is ramping up his efforts to build mortgage-free homes for U.S. troops wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan . His group , Operation Finally Home , has built 17 houses to date , and 19 more are under construction . Just this month , the organization broke ground on its first home for a military widow . CNN 's Christie O'Reilly spoke with Wallrath , one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 , about the unique way he and his group surprised the widow . They also talked about a new film that reveals the hurdles Wallrath faced as the child of an alcoholic . "  Deep in the Heart , " starring Jon Gries and Val Kilmer , is a true story about the struggles and ultimate redemption of Wallrath 's father , who has donated millions of dollars toward scholarships in Texas . Below are excerpts from the interview . Christie O'Reilly : Sara Wood , a widow from Houston , Texas , did n't know that you had selected her to receive a home . How did you surprise her with the news ? Dan Wallrath : We surprised her during halftime at a Houston Texans game . We got there and we started talking to her , and she 's telling us about her husband and how big of fans they were . He was buried in his dress blues , but underneath his dress blues he was buried in  wide receiver  Andre Johnson 's jersey . We did n't even know it , and the Texans had no clue . O'Reilly : Wow . That must have made it that much more special . What was the moment of surprise like ? Wallrath : She just broke down , and it just tore me out . Tears just started flowing from everybody . I tell you , it was amazing . When we gave the home away , you could hear a pin drop in the stadium . And afterward , I knew several people all around in the stadium in different places , and they called me  and said  everybody was crying . So that was really a neat , neat deal . See video of the moment She had just lost Scott a couple weeks before we gave her the home . And it was just so emotional because she was just trying to get her life together . ... We broke ground on the house , and it 's moving right along . O'Reilly : I understand you also have a home delivery planned for Memorial Day weekend ? Wallrath : It is for Shaun Meadows . He 's a double amputee . He was with Air Force Special Services . He 's just a great young man . He 's married , got one little boy . I tell you this guy 's amazing . He does n't let anything hold him back . When he was in service , he had bought some property in Tennessee and he was planning on building a home there . But it was becoming harder and harder because of his disability . So we came along and surprised him . He already had his  architectural  plans , so we 're building his dream home . O'Reilly : What are some of the challenges you 'll face as your organization expands this year ? Wallrath : We 're looking at doubling  the number of homes  by the end of this year . It looks like we 're on track . But we 're still looking for monetary contributions and also materials . We 've developed new relationships with  a flooring company  this year ; they furnish all the flooring , wood , tile , carpet and things like that for all our homes . These relationships make it easier and easier for us to put these homes together . O'Reilly : Philanthropy is in your family , and that 's part of what the film "  Deep in the Heart " touches upon . What did you get from your dad when it comes to giving back ? Wallrath : I guess it 's just the spirit of , once you reach your goals or ... once you are blessed with certain things , you 're  not  supposed to hold on to it . I think God gives you things to help others . O'Reilly : Still , the film focuses on some difficult issues . How have you seen it affect audiences ? Wallrath : The movie touches so many lives because the movie is about our family , but mostly about Dad and his struggle with alcoholism . He quit drinking and became successful and started giving back . But along that path , you have children of alcoholics -- myself , my sisters and brothers -- and what they go through . Then you have a spouse of an alcoholic and what she goes through dealing with the alcoholism . Then you have the alcoholic himself ; you see what struggles he has to overcome , that demon . And then at the same time , I had a sister  who  , when she was 30 and had a 2-year-old son , died of cancer . And so this is all in the movie . I 've had so many people come up to me , and they had a sister or brother or someone die of cancer and the movie affected them because they were thinking of that . People come up to me that were children of alcoholics and say : "  Hey , that was my life except for the getting rich part . The bad part -- that was my part . " So it really affects a lot of people . ... Usually when you have abuse and alcoholism and things like that , it passes from one generation to another . But in our family it did n't . And I 'm so proud of my brother and sisters that that did n't go on . O'Reilly : What do you hope people will take away from the film ? Wallrath : When I was in the position , I just did n't think there was any hope . ... I just want them to realize -- the kids that see this movie and they have parents like that --  that  if they can just have faith in God and just keep doing the right things and hang in there , that everything can be OK . And just because you start out life that way does n't mean you have to end life that way . O'Reilly : You are evidence of that . Has Operation Finally Home become what you 'd hoped ? Wallrath : Yes , it really has . I guess when we first started , I had no idea that we 'd be where we 're at today . As we grow , I can see where our goal of building 100 homes every year is getting closer and closer . I think we 're about three years away from hitting that goal , maybe less . That 'd be amazing . There are just so many of those young families out there that need our help , and we 're going as fast as we can .	A military widow was recently given a free house by Operation Finally Home The nonprofit was started by Dan Wallrath , one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 It builds mortgage-free homes for wounded troops and their families Wallrath 's goal , he said , is to build 100 new homes every year
CNN Student News  -- August 25 , 2014 Featured this Monday : An earthquake rattles Northern California , an unmanned rocket destroys itself over Texas , and a young athlete makes history as one of the girls of summer . We also explore some factors that fueled the spread of a terrorist group , and we explain why seatback screens may soon be a memory on airline flights . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call !
London , England  CNN  -- A letter written by Adolf Hitler in 1931 expressing hope for a "  truly cordial relationship " between Britain and Germany was sold Tuesday , fetching # 9,600  about $ 14,400  at an auction . The buyer was not identified and no details were released about the transaction , in line with policy at Bonhams ' auction house in London . The one-page letter was addressed to Sefton Delmer , a British journalist , in which Hitler expressed hopes of a new friendship between the two countries to replace the "  unhappy war-psychosis " that existed after the First World War : Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933 . In the letter he said : "  I hope ... that out of this crisis a new readiness will grow up in Britain to submit the past twelve years to a reappraisal . I should be happy , if as a result of this the unhappy war-psychosis could be overcome on such a scale as to permit the realization of the truly cordial relationship between the British and the German peoples so eagerly desired by myself and my movement . "  For I believe that the crisis now breaking in on us can only be solved by the closest political collaboration of those nations who see in the re-establishment of a natural European balance of power the first precondition to dealing with those great world problems under which Britain too suffers today . " Andrew Roberts , the British military and political historian , said the letter was a classic example of Hitler trying to lull Western democracies into a state of appeasement . Roberts said Hitler was saying there were underlying interests between Britain and Germany and that he wrote many such letters . "  He refers to 12 years which would make it 1919 , the year the Versailles Treaty was signed ... appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war . Sefton Delmer would not have been taken in by any of this , " said Roberts . Auctioneers at Bonhams in London said the letter has remained in Delmer 's family until now but they could not release the name of the person selling it . Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter . He was born in Berlin and spent the first 15 years of his life there before his family were expatriated to the U.K. . He is reported to be the first British journalist to interview Hitler , who he later described as a rather ordinary-looking man with hair that had been arranged too carefully .	Hitler letter sells for almost # 10,000 at an auction in London Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933 Andrew Roberts : "  Appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war . " Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express
CNN  -- "  It 's time to talk to Cuba . " Fidel Castro is not in power , but he 's still a big part of Cuba . He welcomed the U.S. delegation . That frank assessment from Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , has resonated loud and clear from the island of Cuba -- 90 miles from the southernmost point of Florida -- to the halls of Congress . For the first time in nearly 50 years , relations between the two nations , which have a history steeped in tension , have seemed to ease a bit . That was apparent this week as a delegation from the Congressional Black Caucus traveled to the communist country on a fact-finding mission , with plans to deliver a report to the White House . Watch CNN 's Ed Hornick discuss the story " "  Our purpose was to see if there were preconditions on the Cuban side . We heard that there were no preconditions , " Lee said Wednesday . "  And , in fact , we wanted to find out if they were interested . We have to remember that every country in Latin America , 15 countries , have normal relations with Cuba . ... We 're the country which is isolated . " Watch Lee discuss her visit to Cuba " But even more significant were the meetings the group had with Cuban President Ral Castro and with his brother and predecessor , 82-year-old Fidel Castro , a controversial political and social figure . President Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba . The $ 410 billion budget Obama signed in March makes it easier for Cuban-Americans to travel to Cuba and to send money to family members on the island . It could also allow the sale of agricultural and pharmaceutical products to Cuba . Three provisions attached to the omnibus spending bill loosened restrictions enacted by former President Bush after he came to office in 2001 . Analysts see the lawmakers ' trip and Obama 's campaign rhetoric as a way for the new administration to start thawing relations with Cuba before the Fifth Summit of the Americas . The summit will bring together the U.S. president and 33 other leaders from the Western Hemisphere in mid-April in Trinidad and Tobago . Watch more on the lawmakers ' meeting " It 's a point that Fidel Castro seemed to hint at . In a letter published Tuesday in the online version of Granma , a state-run Cuban newspaper , Castro wrote that an unnamed caucus member told him "  he was sure that Obama would change Cuba policy but that Cuba should also help him . " "  I value the gesture of this legislative group , " Fidel Castro wrote . "  The aura of -LSB- the Rev. Martin -RSB- Luther King is accompanying them . Our press has given broad coverage of their visit . They are exceptional witnesses to the respect that U.S. citizens visiting our homeland always receive . " U.S. citizens are allowed to visit Cuba , an island shrouded in a virtual blackout to the U.S. and other parts of the world , but must apply for special licenses to do so . Though it is illegal , some citizens travel to a country like Mexico or Canada and then into Cuba . Not everyone is eager for change . Cuban-American members of Congress , in particular , have voiced outrage over the easing of relations . Florida Republican Sen. Mel Martinez , who was born in Cuba , does n't want to see changes to the embargo . "  Having tourists on Cuban beaches is not going to achieve democratic change in Cuba , " Martinez has said . New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez , a Democrat and Cuban-American , said in a recent speech that the Cuban government is "  pure and simple a brutal dictatorship . ... The average Cuban lives on an income of less than a dollar a day . " Fidel Castro led the 1959 revolution that overthrew Cuba 's Batista dictatorship . The United States broke diplomatic ties with the nation in 1961 . The next year , the U.S. government instituted a trade embargo . Both policies remain in effect . Interactive : A look at the Fidel Castro 's life " The State Department , per its Web site , officially recognizes the country as "  a totalitarian police state which relies on repressive methods to maintain control . These methods , including intense physical and electronic surveillance of Cubans , are also extended to foreign travelers . " Although Castro was credited with bringing social reforms to Cuba , he has been criticized around the world for oppressing human rights and free speech . Lee said she hopes the meeting in Cuba this week will help open diplomatic channels between the two nations . "  It 's time to change our direction in our foreign policy . The president is doing a phenomenal job in the world , reshaping America 's image and role in the world , " she said . "  So we want to make sure that we have the proper information to make recommendations to the president , our secretary of state and our speaker with regard to U.S. policy toward Cuba . " Interactive : Learn more about Cuba " Though the current stance of the U.S. government toward Cuba fits well with an older generation of Cuban-Americans who despise Castro , not all are of that mind-set . Namely , members of a younger generation see great benefits of opening trade and direct tourism between the United States and Cuba . Jessica Rodriguez , who owns Cuba de Ayer restaurant in Burtonsville , Maryland , is part of that younger generation looking to change the views of her community . "  I think it would be good to open up some of those doors . I have so many customers who say , ` Oh , I 'd like to go to Cuba . ' And I say , ` Me too . ' " "  I think it would be great for the world to see Cuba for itself , " she added . Some Cuban-Americans like Tessie Aral , owner of a Miami , Florida , travel agency that specializes in trips to Cuba , see the financial benefits of lifting the travel ban . "  I think a lot of Americans are going to want to travel to Cuba because it 's been the forbidden fruit for so long , " Aral said . "  For our country to tell us which country we can travel to , I think that 's just archaic . " Others in Congress see opening greater relations with Cuba as vital to the United States . A group of senators and other supporters unveiled a bill March 31 to lift the 47-year-old travel ban to Cuba . "  I think that we finally reached a new watermark here on this issue , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , one of the bill 's sponsors . Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , another sponsor of the bill , issued a draft report in February that said it was time to reconsider the economic sanctions . Lugar is the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Nonetheless , there is more political and diplomatic work to be done before restrictions on travel and trade could be lifted . Though it 's a first step , Lee sees it as a crack in the proverbial ceiling . "  We went to Cuba to listen to Cuban officials to make sure that we had the information and the facts that were necessary to bring back and at least let our administration know what we believe is possible . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Arthur Brice and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Members of Congressional Black Caucus met with Cuba 's Castro brothers Lawmaker says "  it 's time to talk with Cuba " and ease travel , trade restrictions President Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba But some members of Congress are against relations opening
CNN  -- The trial of mass murderer Anders Breivik has confirmed one thing so far : He seems quite mad . Looking plump and dumb , with a slightly receding hairline , the Norwegian gave a right-wing salute as he entered the courtroom and smirked his way through CCTV footage of his handiwork . Breivik claims that he killed 77 people as an act of self-defense against the Islamification of Norway , that he is a member of the Knights Templar and part of an "  anticommunist " resistance to multiculturalism . Reading his insane manifesto , it is tempting to dismiss him as a nut with a gun . Nevertheless , there 's no denying the political context to what Breivik did . Since 9/11 , fringe and mainstream politicians in Europe and America have spoken of Islam as incompatible with Western values . Breivik quoted many of them in his manifesto . This is not to say that he took direct inspiration from those public figures , or that they bear personal responsibility for his crimes . But Breivik 's paranoia does conform to a popular -- wholly negative -- view of the twin problems of Islam and multiculturalism . Tragically , it is a view that few mainstream politicians have been willing to challenge . Breivik makes two false claims . The first is that Islam is ethically inferior to Christianity and can not exist peacefully within the secular democracies of the post-Enlightenment West . That is the open view of the Dutch Party for Freedom , the French National Front , the English Defense League and the Finnish True Finns . It was implicit in Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain 's aversion to the building of mosques . We might also infer it from much of the testimony presented at Rep. Peter King 's congressional hearings into the radicalization of American Muslim youth . King has opined that there are "  too many mosques " in the United States and that roughly 80 % of American Muslims are radical . The mistake being made by all these people is to conflate a tiny minority of political Islamists -- whose precise ideology has only really emerged in the last 30 years -- with the entire global and historical community of Muslims . It is true that Islam has never undergone a total Reformation , but it has experienced mini-enlightenments . The most celebrated is the Islamic Golden Age  750 - 1258  , centered in Baghdad , in which the arts and sciences flourished in a manner that left Dark Ages Europe far behind .  You can also find humanist poetry and art in Persia and even a small amount of erotica in Northern Africa . Islam never outright rejected scientific empiricism but instead tried to reconcile and integrate it into its religious beliefs , with a surprising amount of debate about the primacy of either faith or reason . It preached that divine revelation could be found in other religions and so practiced tolerance in the lands that it conquered -- a kind of Islamic multiculturalism . One of the giants of the European Enlightenment , Voltaire , favorably opined that Islam was more tolerant in its treatment of minorities than Christianity  consider the comparative persecution of Catholics in Ireland or of Jews in Spain  . Today , Islamic society looks different in every region where it is found . The royal families of Saudi Arabia have promoted ultra-conservative Wahhabism , which discourages personal vice , idolatry , veneration of saints , etc. . The Bangladeshis prefer the more mystical Sufism , which places greater emphasis upon a subjective experience of Allah and is traditionally more tolerant of human foibles and dissent . Almost every part of the Islamic world has produced progressive movements , some headed by women . Pakistan gave the world Benazir Bhutto and Indonesia Megawati Soekarnoputri . In all cases , the political development of Muslim countries has been as much shaped by poverty and the legacy of colonialism as it has Islam . Iran might have continued on a course toward liberalism had the West not sponsored an anti-democratic coup in 1953 . In short , there is no monolithic Islamic history or experience , which makes it hard or even disingenuous to talk about the challenge that Islam as a whole poses to the West . Put another way , no American would want anyone to think that the Westboro Baptist Church spoke for all of Christianity . Breivik 's second , equally fallacious claim is that Islam 's growth in the West has been encouraged by liberal elites as a means to destroy traditional Christian culture . Indeed , multiculturalism has been strongly critiqued by two British prime ministers -- Tony Blair and David Cameron . Cameron said that it had "  failed " because it did not demand submission to the liberal principles of gender and sexual equality . But multiculturalism is not a Marxist ideology carefully plotted by the "  Saul Alinksy radicals " so loathed by Newt Gingrich . Rather , it was free-market economics and globalization that caused the mass migration of Muslims from East to West -- and multiculturalism was simply a policy response . The aim was to protect the cultural integrity of both host and guest populations by allowing them separate spaces in which to develop . Far from intending to threaten the religious or civil liberties of the majority Christian population  which remains vastly superior in numbers  , the goal was to create a common framework of laws but otherwise leave everyone to their own devices . If Christianity has declined in the West , it 's the fault of the Christians who stopped going to church -- not the small groups of Muslims quietly attending their local mosque . And yet Muslims in Western countries now live under the pressures of anti-terrorist surveillance and social ostracism . They are forced to defend their Britishness , their Frenchness or their Americaness -- even if they are third - or fourth-generation citizens of those countries . Breivik 's attack has raised the threat level against the West 's Muslims : They are now the target of our politically engaged sociopaths . Given how widespread the condemnation of both Islam and multiculturalism is across the West , perhaps it is apt to describe Breivik as a symptom of Western psychological angst . It is a condition of neurosis about decline and paranoia about foreign invasion that is in desperate need of remedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : At trial , Breivik seems mad , but views on Islam mirror some from politicians Stanley : Breivik says Islam inferior to Christianity and elite liberals push multiculturalism Both false , he says , with Islam varied , rich ; multiculturalism result of free-market economics Stanley : Breivik 's views seem a tragic symptom of Western psychological angst about Islam
The death of a transgender woman who was beaten in New York is being investigated as a hate crime , authorities said . Islan Nettles , 21 , was attacked in the early morning hours on August 17 . She died Thursday as a result of "  blunt impact head injuries , " said Ellen Borakove , a spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner 's office . The death has been ruled a homicide , Borakove said . Paris Wilson , 20 , was arrested the same day as the attack and charged with two counts of third-degree assault and one count of second-degree harassment . Wilson allegedly hit Nettles on the head "  with a closed fist , " causing the victim to fall to the ground . Once on the ground , he allegedly continued to strike Nettles in the face . A police officer reported that he observed Nettles "  unconscious on the ground with a swollen shut eye and blood on her face , " according to a criminal complaint . The attack occurred in Harlem , just across the street from the station office of Police Service Area 6 , which patrols public housing developments in the neighborhood . Nettles was pursuing a degree in fashion marketing , and hoped to work in the industry after graduation , according to her LinkedIn page . She and friends were reportedly the targets of hateful and discriminatory language at the time of the attack . "  They were called faggots , they were called he-shes , she-males , things of that nature , " Dolores Nettles , the victim 's mother , told CNN affiliate WABC . CNN 's request for comment from the suspect 's attorney was not immediately returned . Wilson remains out on bail . His next court date is scheduled for October 4 .	Islan Nettles , 21 , died as a result of "  blunt impact head injuries " The death has been ruled a homicide Suspect allegedly hit the victim on the head "  with a closed fist "
CNN  -- Every new day seems to bring new revelations and reactions to the controversial electronic surveillance programs . On Monday , self-avowed leaker Edward Snowden reportedly is to participate in a live Internet chat about his actions . Over the weekend we learned that the British electronic intelligence agency tried to monitor delegates during a G-20 summit . We also heard from administration officials , past and present , who tried to assuage Americans worried about privacy . Here is a summary of the latest developments : Snowden to chat with Guardian readers Edward Snowden , the former National Security Agency contractor behind the leaks , will answer the public 's questions Monday in a live online chat , according to the UK-based Guardian newspaper . The chat , conducted by the Guardian , is set to begin at 11 a.m. ET . "  An important caveat : the live chat is subject to Snowden 's security concerns and also his access to a secure Internet connection , " the Guardian 's website read Monday morning . "  It is possible that he will appear and disappear intermittently , so if it takes him a while to get through the questions , please be patient . " Snowden to hold online chat More details are coming NSA Director Keith Alexander is expected to release details of cases where the programs have stopped a terrorist attack , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said . The information may be available as soon as Monday . "  He wants to be exact about the details , " she said . Over the weekend a three-page document on the NSA programs was released to congressional intelligence committees and states the plots were thwarted in the United States and more than 20 other countries . Intelligence community provides fuller justification for data collection China : Snowden not our spy The Chinese foreign ministry said Monday that suggestions that Snowden may have spied for China were "  completely groundless . " Speaking at a regular news briefing , ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said it was up to the United States to provide an explanation of Snowden 's actions to the international community . Snowden is currently believed to be in Hong Kong , where he has said he plans to stay and fight any attempt to extradite him back to the United States . His exact whereabouts are unknown . Over the weekend , Former Vice President Dick Cheney described Snowden as a "  traitor . " Asked if he thought Snowden was spying for China , Cheney said he was "  deeply suspicious . " White House : No violations of privacy The president 's chief of staff said Sunday that his boss does n't feel he has violated the privacy of any American . "  He does not , " Denis McDonough said when asked directly if Barack Obama feels that way about the government 's controversial surveillance programs . On CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " McDonough added the president plans to "  talk about this in the days ahead . " McDonough said the president will emphasize the need to "  find the right balance , especially in this new situation where we find ourselves with all of us reliant on Internet , on e-mail , on texting . " McDonough said he does not know where Snowden went after he checked out of his Hong Kong hotel a week ago . White House : Obama not violating privacy ; Snowden 's whereabouts unknown Congressman : No recording going on here The chairman of the House intelligence committee echoed the White House , saying that the National Security Agency is not recording Americans ' phone calls under U.S. surveillance programs . Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the NSA "  is not listening to Americans ' phone calls " or monitoring their e-mails . The NSA has repeatedly said that it collects only metadata , phone numbers and duration , of phone calls , but not the actual conversations taking place . If it needs to listen to a conversation , it must first obtain an order from the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Court . Rogers : NSA ` is not listening ' to Americans ' phone calls Cantor : Programs strike balance between security , liberty The House majority leader said on CNN 's "  New Day " Monday morning that he believes congressional hearings will show that not only have the programs helped authorities go after terrorists , but also that they take the protection of civil liberties into account . "  I think the discussion that will unfold through our committee process , the oversight hearings ,  is  going to be able to demonstrate that , " Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said . "  These programs hopefully will be proven to strike that balance that 's so necessary in our country . " Cheney : NSA surveillance programs are a good thing Former Vice President Dick Cheney vehemently defended the National Security Agency surveillance programs that started under President George W. Bush , but said current White House scandals like Benghazi and the IRS have hurt its credibility . "  I think it 's important to separate out that program from the scandals , " he told CNN . "  It 's done great work , it has saved lives , stopped attacks against the United States , and it 's vital to continue . " Earlier , Cheney told "  Fox News Sunday " that he believed the programs could have prevented 9/11 if they had been in place before the attack . Cheney defends NSA , calls Obama 's credibility ` nonexistent ' Everyone is doing it Britain 's electronic intelligence agency monitored delegates ' phones and tried to capture their passwords during an economic summit held there in 2009 , the Guardian newspaper reported Sunday . The targets included British allies such as Turkey and South Africa , the newspaper reported . The Guardian cited documents provided by Edward Snowden , the American computer analyst and former government contractors now spilling secrets of the U.S. intelligence community . The British signals intelligence agency , GCHQ , is the UK equivalent of the National Security Agency . New report : Britain spied on G-20 delegates in 2009 Hong Kong demonstrators support Snowden On the run from the United States , Snowden has picked up hundreds of supporters in Hong Kong , the last place he was seen and where he 's still believed to be hiding out . Demonstrators took to Hong Kong 's streets in the rain on Saturday voicing support for the 29-year-old computer technician . Snowden has said his intention was to "  ask the courts and people of Hong Kong to decide my fate . " The protesters chanted "  Protect Snowden ! " and "  NSA has no say ! " Hong Kong rallies in the rain for Edward Snowden	NEW : Edward Snowden to participate in live online chat Monday , the Guardian reports National Security Agency director to release details of electronic surveillance programs Report : Britain spied on delegates at an international economic summit in the UK Several hundred protesters took to Hong Kong 's streets Saturday to support Snowden
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In his final public address from the White House , a reflective President Bush on Thursday recalled the ups and downs of his eight-year tenure and said he was willing to make the tough decisions . President Bush touts what he considers his foreign policy achievements Thursday at the State Department . "  I have followed my conscience and done what I thought was right . You may not agree with some tough decisions I have made . But I hope you can agree that I was willing to make the tough decisions . " Bush , who as president has become known for adamantly sticking to positions even when they 've come under criticism , acknowledged setbacks and said he would have done some things differently . "  Like all who have held this office before me , I have experienced setbacks , " Bush said . "  There are things I would do differently if given the chance . Yet I have always acted with the best interests of our country in mind . Watch Bush 's final address " Bush also said he is "  filled with gratitude , " and characterized Obama 's inauguration as a "  moment of hope and pride for our whole nation . " Bush predicted a bright future . "  We have faced danger and trial and there is more ahead , " Bush said . "  But with the courage of our people and confidence in our ideals , this great nation will never tire , never falter and never fail . " Recalling the defining moment of his presidency , Bush said the September 11 , 2001 , attacks forever altered the way he approached his job . "  As the years passed , most Americans were able to return to life much as it had been before 9/11 , " Bush said . "  But I never did . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Bush 's farewell "  Every morning , I received a briefing on the threats to our nation . And I vowed to do everything in my power to keep us safe , " he said . He cited the creation of the Department of Homeland Security and changes in the military and intelligence communities as part of the reason the United States has not seen another significant terrorist attack since 2001 . "  There is legitimate debate about many of these decisions , " he said , an allusion that could refer to constitutional challenges to the administration-backed U.S. Patriot Act , controversy over the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo , Cuba , and the decision to invade Iraq before Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda had been vanquished in Afghanistan . View iconic moments in Bush 's presidency " "  But there can be little debate about the results -- America has gone more than seven years without another terrorist attack on our soil . " He warned that America 's "  enemies are patient , and determined to strike again " and urged against isolationism and protectionism in the face of economic and other challenges from abroad . Watch Bush 's exit interview with King " As he exits the world stage , Bush 's approval rating , battered by a tanking economy and an unpopular , lingering war in Iraq , hovers just above all-time lows . A USA Today/Gallup poll released Wednesday indicates that , even with a 5-point "  lame duck bounce " from last month , only 34 percent of Americans approve of the job he 's doing as president . View key moments in Bush 's presidency " The roughly 13-minute address was delivered in front of about 40 people "  with stories to tell " invited by the White House . Bush mentioned several -- from the principal who opened a New Orleans , Louisiana , charter school in the wake of Hurricane Katrina to a Marine sergeant decorated for charging into an ambush to rescue three of his comrades . The presidential farewell address is a tradition dating to George Washington 's departure from office in 1797 . Presidents Eisenhower , Reagan , Carter and Clinton -- among others -- all delivered farewell speeches .	Bush says he has always acted with country 's "  best interests " in mind "  There are things I would do differently if given the chance , " Bush says President Bush delivers speech before invited audience in White House East Room Tradition of farewell presidential address dates to George Washington
Workers employed by Sierra Leone 's Ministry of Health to bury Ebola victims took drastic action this week in a dispute over pay , abandoning the bodies of 15 people in the street . Some were paraded at the entrance to a hospital Monday to stop people from entering . Another body was placed outside the entrance to a hospital administrative building . The workers have gone on strike because they say they are owed seven weeks of their "  hazard " pay of $ 100 a week . Burying Ebola victims is a dangerous task , since the deadly virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids . The bodies were all cleared as of Tuesday after burial teams working for the Red Cross , rather than the state , were called in . The National Ebola Response Center has announced the sacking of all involved in the strike , said Sidi Yahyah Tunis , a spokesman for the center . Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea are the three West African countries at the heart of the current Ebola outbreak . The vast majority of more than 15,000 Ebola cases and more than 5,000 deaths caused by the virus in recent months have occurred in those three nations , according to a World Health Organization report out Friday . WHO : Democratic Republic of Congo is Ebola-free	Burial workers in Sierra Leone go on strike over missing pay They dump the bodies of Ebola victims outside a hospital The National Ebola Response Center says the workers will be sacked
CNN  -- It 's December 1991 and France is on the verge of making tennis history . The scene is set for Guy Forget to lead the nation to Davis Cup victory for the first time in 59 years . Standing in his way is a U.S. team defending its title -- and more specifically , Pete Sampras . Some 40 games and many more points later , the Frenchman produces an irresistible serve-and-volley combination that leaves his young opponent -- who would later become one of the greatest tennis players -- failing desperately to return . The home crowd in the Gerland Sports Palace in Lyon erupts ; Forget falls to his feet . Six decades of waiting is finally over . With a crocodile logo sitting atop of his pounding heart , the match-winner was lofted onto his teammates ' shoulders with tears in his eyes , bursting with pride , taking in this historic moment . If Forget was emotional , so too was an 87-year-old man who had helped France to its first Davis Cup success back in 1927 -- also against the United States -- and had now finally seen the famous trophy return to his homeland . The pride for that man , Rene Lacoste , was twofold . Not only had he played a role in Forget 's development , he was also responsible for that distinctive reptile perching on the chest of the history-maker 's shirt . "  I remember all the letters we got and all the phone calls  from Lacoste  when we won the Davis Cup in 1991 , " Forget told CNN 's Open Court . "  Beating the United States was very special for us , but for Rene as well . " So tenacious was Lacoste 's style of play on court , building his game from the baseline and keeping his opponents on the move with an array of precise groundstrokes , he earned the nickname "  Le Crocodile " -- the symbol that would later define his fashion empire . "  He fought like a real crocodile ... and never gave up on his prey , " American journalist George Carens wrote in 1923 . Forget adds : "  One of his traits on the court was that he 'd never give up , he 'd return every ball back . He was unbeatable and that 's how that name came . It 's great to identify someone with an animal . " Lacoste 's major breakthrough came in 1925 , when he won the French Open at the age of 20 , before adding the Wimbledon title a month later . Within just four years , he had claimed a total of seven major singles championships on top of three doubles titles , while he was ranked No. 1 in the world in both 1926 and 1927 . Lacoste was also a member of two Davis Cup-winning teams in an era when the competition took on the same prestige as a modern-day soccer World Cup . Between the two world wars , France dominated tennis . With compatriots Jacques Brugnon , Jean Borotra , and Henri Cochet , Lacoste helped make up the "  Four Musketeers " -- a group of national icons idolized in their homeland . "  He was very inspirational , not only to me but to a lot of French players , " Forget says of Lacoste . So inspirational were the efforts of Lacoste and his peers to their people that the Stade Roland Garros was built specially in Paris to host France 's maiden defense of the Davis Cup in 1928 . Each of the stadium 's four main spectator grandstands were named after one of the quartet , while the winner of today 's French Open men 's singles championship is still presented with the "  Coupe des Mousquetaires " trophy . "  We built Roland Garros for them , they were the reason the stadium was built , so it shows that at that time they were huge stars , " French tennis journalist Philippe Bouin told CNN . "  Maybe because they were the first French team to have success . " Yet as sport has a cruel way of doing so , a career with its best years still lying ahead , and one that still offered so much more promise , was soon brought to an abrupt end . In 1929 , and at the age of just 24 , Lacoste was forced to hang up his racket due to a respiratory disease . The Parisian would have been forgiven for walking away from the game at this point , but his unrelenting passion for tennis , and perhaps the heartache suffered from his premature retirement , drove him on to leave a more far-reaching legacy than just a collection of trophies . "  He said , ` Tennis could n't be the future for me , I have to do other things , I have to work . ' In fact for him it was n't work , it was amusement , " former France Davis Cup captain Jean-Paul Loth told CNN . An innovator during his playing days , Lacoste had covered the handles of his rackets with surgical tape to make them easier to use , while also designing and creating a tennis ball-pitching machine to help him train . As of 1930 , post-retirement , he started mass-producing his invention for the benefit of others , and the "  Lacoste Machine " would soon play a part in training players for generations to come . "  He was all these different persons at once , " Forget says . "  He was an engineer , he was a great champion , he was a visionary man , he always had ways of talking about the future , whether it was rackets , balls , materials , the game . " And materials would become Lacoste 's next pet project . Fed up with the heavy , long-sleeved shirts that had long been part of the tennis player 's attire , he designed a more practical , cotton version , with revolutionary short sleeves . Joining forces with Andre Gillier , the founder of one of the oldest and biggest hosiery businesses in Troyes , in 1933 he launched the state-of-the-art polo shirt , complete with a crocodile logo embroidered on it , and so the "  Lacoste " brand was born . He had been sporting the reptile on his tennis whites since a friend , Robert George , designed the logo for him the previous decade . "  He wanted to find something that was lighter , more comfortable , that you could breathe more freely with it , that 's what he did with the shirt , " Forget says . "  He was always trying to find new ways of improving everything . "  As long as it worked he did n't care about breaking the boundaries of what was conventional . " The polo shirt proved a hit , and with it the "  Lacoste " brand , as subsequent generations of leading players all donned the cotton number on court . He formed a fashion house with his wife Simone , who like their daughter Catherine was a top amateur golfer -- another sport into which the Lacoste logo spread . Aged 57 , Lacoste was still refusing to rest on his laurels , and had another trick up his sleeve . In 1961 , he unveiled the metal tennis racket -- an idea he had been working on for 30 years . By using metal instead of wood , the racket would be more resilient , and just as importantly , the ball could be hit with far more power . Pierre Darmon , France 's No. 1 player at the time , agreed to try out the racket and debuted it at Wimbledon in 1963 . By 1978 , the T2000 , as it was known , had helped win 46 grand slam titles and was used by some of the most famous names in the world , including Jimmy Connors and Billie Jean King . But Lacoste was n't just an inventor extraordinaire . Having been a tennis player , too , he took time out to show a great interest in those who handled his creations . "  Rene always had a gentle look on the players who were using his rackets or wearing the shirts , " Forget said . "  He 'd always give you advice and invite you to his house , if he had an idea like a tennis racket . " Lacoste 's next brainchild was the "  Equijet . " A racket using the latest in cutting-edge technology , it combined the advantages of small and large beams , while looking rather like a violin or guitar . He introduced it to the up-and-coming Forget in 1988 , and it would play no small part in his future successes . "  He was always trying to find new ways of improving the game and having the edge on other players , especially the French players being able to use them , " Forget says . In many ways , that historic evening in Lyon could be seen as the culmination of his life 's work . Lacoste died in 1996 , aged 92 , having struggled with health problems -- and France won the Davis Cup again . "  He would have been proud of what became of tennis in France , because tennis has grown in the last 50 years , " Bouin says . This weekend the French team will seek to reach the Davis Cup final for the first time since losing the 2010 title match , taking on two-time defending champion the Czech Republic at Roland Garros . The current crop of players , led by Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Gael Monfils and Richard Gasquet , are known as "  The New Musketeers " -- though they have a long way to go to match the exploits of "  Le Crocodile . " They might not all wear his clothes , but the legacy lives on .	Rene Lacoste has left a lasting legacy in tennis and fashion He helped France to its maiden Davis Cup win in 1927 and was a top singles player After retirement he created the "  Lacoste " brand , introducing polo shirts and new rackets France will play in the semifinals of the Davis Cup team competition this weekend
CNN  In under three years Liban Haji Mohamed has gone from driving a cab in Washington , D.C. , to a spot on the FBI 's Most Wanted Terrorists list . The bureau on Thursday announced Mohamed 's addition to the list as well as a $ 50,000 reward for any information on the 29-year-old Somali-born U.S. citizen . The FBI says Mohamed is accused of providing material support to Al Shabaab , the Somali-based group that 's linked to al Qaeda . The group has launched many deadly terrorist attacks , including one on a popular mall in Kenya in 2013 . The Westgate Mall attack lasted four days and killed dozens . Mohamed left the United States in the summer of 2012 attempting to join Al Shabaab , the FBI said . Interpol has sought him ever since . "  Not only did he choose to go to Somalia and fight with Al Shabaab , he took a prominent role in trying to recruit people to fight for Al Shabaab , " said Carl Ghatas , special agent in charge of the counterterrorism division at the FBI 's Washington field office . The release says Mohamed may go by multiple alias ; that he speaks Somali , English and Arabic ; that he stands 6 feet tall and weighs just under 200 pounds . Anyone with information can submit it anonymously at tips.fbi.gov .	He is a 29-year-old Somali-born U.S. citizen He is accused of providing material support to Al Shabaab
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles has long been a destination for artistic dreamers from Europe : Zsa Zsa Gabor moved to Hollywood from Hungary in the 1940s to act . Warsaw-born Roman Polanski moved to Southern California in the 1960s to direct . Not to mention one ambitious actor named Arnold Schwarzenegger , who arguably has done more to boost California 's image as a place receptive to Europeans than any tourism initiative the state might have dreamed up the past 30 years . But for accented aspiring pop stars from the EU and beyond , L.A. has n't generally been considered the place to launch an international music career . That honor fell to cities such as London and New York . Until now . These days Manhattan is getting the flyover treatment as singers from all over Europe and farther east set their sights on the U.S. market via Hollywood as the new must-conquer gateway to American ears and eyes . Artists such as Estonia 's Kerli , Italy 's Marco Bosco , t.A.T.u. 's Lena Katina from Russia , Slovakia 's TWiiNS and Austria 's Fawni are suddenly swarming L.A. with dreams of making it big . Their presence is being felt at small clubs such as the Troubadour  Katina played a solo show at the venue last year  to red carpets  Fawni is now well known to Hollywood event photographers  to purchased billboards on Sunset Boulevard  Bosco recently bought expensive outdoor media to promote himself along the busy , high visibility corridor  . "  I love being here ... Los Angeles is my second home now , " says Katina , who is working on her first solo record and now splits her time between L.A. and Moscow . Katina and other singers from Russia and Europe 's timing could n't be better : America has finally started to embrace the increasing globalization of pop music on a scale beyond the occasional super group  see ABBA  or German one-hit wonder  see Nena 's "  99 Luftballoons "  thanks largely to Websites such as YouTube , which has leveled the playing field and cut out past gatekeepers such as MTV . Swedish singer Robyn topped many critical lists in 2010 , with Denmark 's Medina set to make similar inroads in the United States this year with early adopters in the pop and dance music arenas . But perhaps the most interesting singer ready to make the crossover in 2011 is Estonia 's Kerli . "  When I first got here , someone told me ` there are no friends in the music business ' and I was so hurt , " the former winner of a Baltic version of "  American Idol " said over coffee at a West Hollywood restaurant last month . "  But Los Angeles is an amazing place to live once you find the people that inspire you , and I 've found that circle of friends here , " the singer said . "  We make art together , and we constantly feed off each other . " The blonde beauty who looks like a glammed-out Goth version of Lady Gaga  though she and her fans loathe the comparison  and sounds like a hybrid of Bjork , Brandy and Avril Lavigne moved to L.A. around four years ago and has been slowly winning over American fans ever since . Her debut for Island Records , 2008 's "  Love Is Dead , " did fairly well for a new artist , considering Kerli is pushing a sound she herself calls "  Bubblegoth . " According to Nielsen SoundScan , around 65,000 copies were sold . However , both the singer and her label are thinking bigger this year after buzz surrounding her just-released "  Army Of Love " began heating up the internet . It 's too soon to tell if mainstream pop radio stations will embrace Kerli in 2011  her follow-up full length record is expected to see a release by summer  , but there are encouraging signs . AOL 's popular Popeater blog featured the singer late last year in a campaign worthy of a former "  American Idol " star ; rolling out her video for the released-in-December "  Army Of Love " with video diaries building up to a December 22 premiere . "  It 's like Euro trash meets angels singing in a choir , " Kerli said of "  Army Of Love , " which continues to draw interest online because of the video , which has a curious mix of swirling melodies set against striking visuals  the clip was shot in Estonia  . Adventurous college radio listeners have long been boosters of acts from the Baltic states and other European countries , but mainstream pop fans rarely hear singers such as Kerli on the U.S. pop charts . And while European artists who have "  made it " overseas have been buying second homes in the Hollywood Hills for decades , more interesting are the new pop singers living nearby , such as Slovakia 's TWiiNS , who are hoping against odds to make a name for themselves in America after a modicum of success elsewhere . The duo , who are identical twins , moved to L.A. last year . They are currently working on their first record for L.A.-based indie label B Records with known U.S. producers including Bryan Todd , who has worked with names such as Jordin Sparks . "  We love Los Angeles because of the weather , nice people and shopping , but the main reason why we moved is our work , " Veronika Nzlov said via email last month . Her twin sister Daniela added the transition has not been easy . "  It 's really hard to come from Eastern Europe and try to achieve success in America . We are not native speakers , we are not Americans ... it 's a little disadvantage to us , but our big advantage is that we are twins . " TWiiNS , which scored a minor European hit last year with a remake of Sabrina Salerno 's 1980s hit "  Boys , " seem already savvy to the city 's sometimes cruel undercurrent . In their forthcoming single "  Welcome to Hollywood , " the pair warn other aspiring singers that not everything is sunshine and smiles in the City of Angels . "  The song is not about the perfect Hollywood , " Veronika said , "  It 's about people with their ` friendly faces ' which is far from being true . You should have open eyes and be careful whom you trust . Hollywood and all that goes along with it really has two sides to it . " Sage advice from Los Angeles ' latest migrs , who sing on their soon-to-be released single : "  Welcome to Hollywood/Boy you better give it up before it gets you down/Welcome to Hollywood/Just got to get a grip of how to get around . "	Pop stars from all over Europe are setting their sights on the U.S. market Estonia 's Kerli , Italy 's Marco Bosco and Austria 's Fawni want to make it big in L.A. Los Angeles has long been a destination for European artists seeking fame
The Obama administration condemned Saturday the Taliban 's attack on a Kabul restaurant that killed 21 people , mostly foreigners , as revenge for an airstrike that caused civilian Afghan deaths . Among the dead are Americans , Canadians , Britons and Afghans . Two of the three Americans killed were identified Saturday . They are Lexie Kamerman and Alexandros Petersen , both employees at the American University of Afghanistan , the university said . A third American has not yet been named . "  She was an amazing young woman -- smart , strong , beautiful , funny , stubborn and kind . And fearless , " Kamerman 's family said in a statement provided by her aunt , Julie Pfeffer . "  She took the job at the American University of Afghanistan to help the young women of Afghanistan get an education and take their rightful place as leaders in Afghan society , " the family said . "  As you could probably guess , her death is a shock to us all and we ca n't imagine a moment going forward when she wo n't be desperately missed . " Laura Coffman , a family friend who had been Kamerman 's water polo coach at the Latin School of Chicago , said Kamerman had recently visited her mother in Chicago . She said Kamerman was known as someone who never shied away from a challenge or visiting a place considered dangerous . "  I do n't think that would make her hesitate a second , " Coffman told CNN . "  What she would have said was : Just because it 's dangerous does n't mean she should n't be there . " U.S. officials excoriated the attack The bomb and gunfire attack Friday occurred at a Kabul restaurant frequented by foreign workers from nongovernmental organizations . "  There is no possible justification for this attack , which has killed innocent civilians , including Americans , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said in a prepared statement . "  We call again on the Taliban to put down their arms and begin peace talks , which is the surest way to end the conflict in a peaceful manner . A U.S. State Department official said that three Americans died in the attack . Four of the people killed were affiliated with the United Nations : three U.N. staff members and a Lebanese national with the International Monetary Fund , said Ari Gaitanis , a U.N. spokesman . The attack was "  a heinous and cowardly act targeting innocent people working for a brighter future for Afghanistan , " National Security Adviser Susan Rice said on Twitter . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the assault as payback for an airstrike in Parwan province that caused civilian casualties this week . Suicide bombing and gunfire A suicide attacker detonated his explosives at the gate of the restaurant in the evening . Two armed men rushed in and opened fire at patrons , many of them from overseas , said Deputy Interior Minister Mohammed Ayoub Salangi . There were 13 foreigners in total among the dead , including four women , the Afghan Interior Ministry said . The eight Afghans killed in the attack included one woman . Two other people were wounded . One of the two killed American employees of American University of Afghanistan had recently joined the political science faculty , the school told CNN . The other was a member of the student affairs staff . "  We are devastated by the news , " university President Michael Smith said in a prepared statement . "  Our deepest sympathies go out to the families and to the AUAF community . " The university said it was planning a memorial service and moment of silence for the employees killed in the assault on La Taverna du Liban , a popular Lebanese eatery known among expatriates to be one of the more secure establishments in the city . "  Such senseless violence flies in the face of the sentiments of our students and the Afghan people who share our grief , " Smith said . "  We will pause to honor the courageous service of our colleagues as we continue to provide the high quality university education for which our students are so grateful . " 2 Britons , 2 Canadians among the dead Two British victims of the assault have now been named . One is Del Singh , a candidate for the upcoming elections for the European Parliament from the southeast of England , a spokesman for the opposition Labour Party said , adding that a full tribute was being arranged . "  Del spent over 10 years carrying out vital work on development projects in Afghanistan , Kosovo , Sudan , Sierra Leone and other countries , " Labour Party leader Ed Miliband said . "  He dedicated his life to working with people across the world who needed his support , " he said . The Foreign Office named the second victim as Simon Chase , but provided no further information Saturday morning . The Russian Foreign Ministry said Saturday that one of the U.N. workers was a Russian national . A Canadian foreign affairs department spokeswoman said two of her country 's nationals -- Martin Glazer and Peter McSheffrey -- died in the attack . Both worked for a consulting and auditing firm in nongovernmental organizations ' projects in Afghanistan , said spokeswoman Caitlin Workman . They did not work directly for Canada 's Department of Foreign Affairs , Trade and Development . Taliban claim attack as revenge Afghan security forces killed the two gunmen in a shootout . The restaurant is near the offices of many nongovernmental organizations , said Hashmat Stanikzai , a Kabul police chief spokesman . The Afghan interior minister condemned the attack in an online statement , saying "  these heinous acts go against the values of Islam and the values of peaceful Afghans . These attacks also demonstrate an extreme level of atrocity by terrorists on innocent and defenseless civilians . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the violence , saying through a spokesman such attacks "  are completely unacceptable and are in flagrant breach of international humanitarian law . " Among the killed was Vadim Nazarov , a senior political officer with the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan , a U.N. website said . UNICEF identified two employees as part of the death toll : Basra Hassan , a nutrition specialist , and Nasreen Khan , a health specialist . Christine Lagarde , the IMF 's managing director , posted a statement online mourning the death of her agency 's representative in Afghanistan , Wabel Abdallah . The 60-year-old Lebanese national was named to that position in June 2008 . "  We at the fund are all devastated , " Lagarde said . ` Huge shock ' Afghanistan continues to be the site of sporadic violence , much of it blamed on militants tied to the Taliban . The terror group ruled the country before the U.S.-led invasion after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The international community has been extensively engaged in Afghanistan for more than a decade both with military troops and NGOs . Friday night 's attack was a "  huge shock " to those working there , said Paul Ross , the IMF 's mission chief for Afghanistan , but it wo n't deter them from continuing their work . "  I think that many of the people , like Wabel , are dedicated to trying to help countries develop and prosper , " Ross said . "  That 's really part of their life mission statement . And that 's what makes them go to places that are difficult to visit . "	Two Canadians who worked for a consulting/auditing firm are among dead Kabul restaurant was popular Lebanese eatery known as secure Obama administration calls on Taliban to put down their arms and talk peace Taliban attack targeted a Kabul restaurant near NGO offices , an Afghan official says
CNN  -- McDonald 's is recalling about 2.3 million Hello Kitty toys that came with some of its Happy Meals because they pose a choking risk . The item in question is a red whistle that came with the Happy Meal Hello Kitty Birthday Lollipop Toy  No. 6  -- a plastic Hello Kitty figurine holding a pink heart-shaped lollipop . The whistle can be removed from the toy and used to make sounds by inhaling and exhaling . The company received two reports of children who sucked the whistles into their mouths and coughed out pieces . One child needed medical attention , the Consumer Product Safety Commission said . McDonald 's said it produced about 2.3 million of the toys , and they were distributed nationwide and in Canada with Happy Meals and Mighty Kids Meals from October through the first week of November as part of Hello Kitty 's 40th anniversary celebrations . The company said Monday it has recovered 70 % of the whistles , about 1.6 million . It 's asking customers to "  immediately take the whistle away from children . " McDonald 's stores will substitute the toy for another and give customers a yogurt tube or a bag of apple slices . "  Nothing is more important to us than the safety of our customers and this includes the toys we offer them , " the company said . No other toys in the Hello Kitty and Max Steel promotions are part of the recall nor are toys from earlier Hello Kitty promotions , the company said . For more information , call McDonald 's at 800244-6227 or visit www.mcdonalds.com .	The red whistle is part of Happy Meal Hello Kitty Birthday Lollipop Toy The company received two reports of children who sucked the whistles into their mouths It 's asking customers to "  immediately take the whistle away from children "
Washington  CNN  -- Even though it was Republican party leaders meeting in Washington this week , Hillary Clinton might as well have been there . Does Obama secretly support Hillary Clinton for 2016 ? In the halls between Republican National Committee meetings , the former secretary of state 's name came up in conversation regularly . At a rules committee meeting on Thursday night , Clinton -- the prohibitive favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 -- was referred to as "  she who should not be named . " And at the powwow 's most-watched events , Republicans pledged a laser-like focus on winning back the White House in 2016 . It seems as much as some Democrats are trying to fight the coronation of Clinton as their inevitable presidential candidate , most Republican bigwigs in Washington admitted they believe that all roads to the White House go through Clinton . "  I think it is the most realistic assessment , " said Steve Duprey , national committeeman from New Hampshire . "  It is a party of one giant and a bunch of elves who might be running against her . " "  She has a political organization , she has the history , she has respect from being a senator , first lady , secretary of state , I think it is just prudent for the Republicans to assume she is the nominee and frankly I think it helps focus people , " he added . Major Obama group will now push for Hillary Clinton And Republicans are n't wrong about Clinton 's front-runner status -- Clinton has topped every poll taken about Democrats for 2016 . In the latest Quinnipiac University poll , 65 % of Democrats said Clinton would be their choice for the nomination . Vice President Joe Biden was in second with 8 % , a whopping 57 points lower . "  Virtually none of the other Democrats could beat her , " said Saul Anuzis , the former chairman of the Michigan Republican Party . "  Now , lots of things could happen , but I think most Republicans assume we are going to run against her . " Since leaving the State Department in 2013 , the former secretary of state kept up an active schedule , collecting paychecks on the corporate speaking circuit and picking up hardware at award ceremonies across the country . Hillary Clinton set for California swing in April Democratic groups have begun lining up behind her possible candidacy in 2016 . In addition to groups like Ready for Hillary and Emily 's List -- two pro-Clinton fundraising machines -- the liberal Priorities USA moved this week to get behind Clinton and announced they will begin raising big money to help elect Clinton to the White House . The one issue : Clinton has publicly said she is only mulling whether to run for president . Late last year , Clinton said she would decide whether to run or not by the end of this year . In touting Clinton as the inevitable candidate , Republicans have both heaped praise on her -- "  She has a first-rate organization , " Duprey said -- and tested out attack lines . "  We are doing everything we can do to define her early , " Matt Moore , chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party , said about Clinton , who he described as the "  mother of Obamacare . " "  She is an opportunistic person who has been running for president for 20 years . " Moore said the ability to focus on Clinton almost three years out from election day means that the narrative Republicans will push has more time to take hold . Moore sees a parallel between Clinton in 2016 and Mitt Romney , the Republican nominee in 2012 . "  The trouble we had in 2012 was that our nominee was defined really early over a five - or six-year period and it was hard to break through theses presuppositions , " he said . He added , for that reason , Republicans "  are preparing in South Carolina and elsewhere that she is the nominee . " Clinton cover gets buzz , criticism Stop Hillary PAC asks for investigation into pro-Hillary group Adviser defends Clinton amid Benghazi criticism GOP turns new fire on Clinton after Benghazi report Hillary Clinton 's Iowa problem	An RNC committe referred to Hillary Clinton as "  she who should not be named " RNC member : "  It is a party of one giant and a bunch of elves " who might challenge her In a recent poll , 65 % of Democrats said Clinton would be their choice for 2016 S.C. GOP chair : "  We are doing everything we can do to define her early "
CNN  -- Fast growing Abu Dhabi carrier Etihad is spreading its wings again by agreeing to a 49 % stake in Italian loss-making airline Alitalia . The two parties put out a brief , joint statement which said they agreed to "  principal terms , " although the financial details were not disclosed . When the Alitalia board gave a green light to the offer on June 15 , Italy 's Transport Minister Maurizio Lupi said that Etihad would make an upfront investment of $ 760 million and would commit to another $ 700 million by 2018 . There are reports this could be even higher . This represents the biggest foreign stake of a European carrier , taking it to the 49 % limit set by European Commission . Etihad becomes the biggest shareholder . Etihad is expected to cut up to 2,200 jobs as part of the agreement . The company also want to ensure Etihad will not carry an unfair burden of Alitalia 's $ 1.3 billion in debt . Alitalia 's unionized staff have resisted deep cuts over the past decade even though losses continued to mount for the flag carrier . The Italian government along with two major banks , Intesa Saopaolo and UniCredit , stepped in with a $ 680 million recapitalization in 2013 . This reduced the stake of Air France-KLM , which had no desire to pump more money into the operation , to 7 % . Italian officials have indicated that Alitalia is losing about $ 1.6 million a day , well over a half billion dollars a year . In April , Italy 's Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan told me it was important for the government of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi to consummate this transaction as a signal the country is open for business . This deal represents the latest move by the Abu Dhabi carrier and its CEO James Hogan to build its network to more than 400 destinations . It has taken positions in seven carriers including Air Berlin , Air Serbia and Aer Lingus in Europe . It has also looked East , with stakes in stakes in Jet Airways of India and Virgin Australia . Etihad would not comment beyond its joint-statement , but Hogan spelled out his strategy during our interview at the Dubai Air Show last November . "  Having that network offering is key . But why do we all have to duplicate our overhead ? " Hogan said . He pointed to the need for "  centers of excellence " with the "  lowest unit cost , whether it 's reservations , whether it 's part of training . Cost reduction is as important as exceeding customer expectation . " The challenge for Hogan is proving his team can turn around loss-makers like Air Berlin and Alitalia , while also picking up passengers for Etihad . Read more from John Defterios : Iraq 's ` new reality ' shakes global oil markets Read more : Etihad Airways to offer live inflight sports action	Abu Dhabi carrier Etihad agreed to a 49 % stake in Italian loss-making airline Alitalia It is the biggest foreign stake of a European carrier , taking it to the limit set by EU Italian officials have indicated that Alitalia is losing about $ 1.6 million a day
JEDDAH , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah confirmed Sunday that his country will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9.7 million in the near future to counter the sharp rise in international oil prices . Saudi Arabia has announced an increase in oil production in a bid to ease the pressure on oil prices . The Saudi petroleum minister , Ali I. Al-Naimi , said the country will reach the 9.7 million level by July . The announcement comes after Saudi officials announced modest increases . It would be Saudi Arabia 's highest production rate since 1981 . White House Deputy Press Secretary Tony Fratto praised the step , saying , "  Any increase in production in today 's oil market is welcome . It is important that we also take steps to increase domestic production and our refining capacity . " Meanwhile , the average price of gasoline in the U.S. rose nearly 10 cents in the past two weeks to almost $ 4.10 a gallon for self-serve regular , according to a national survey released Sunday . The survey showed the national average was just a fraction of a cent under $ 4.10 a gallon , said survey publisher Trilby Lundberg . That is up 9.7 cents a gallon from the same survey two weeks ago , Lundberg said . Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , downplayed the Saudi increase . "  Nice try , but no cigar . When gas is at $ 4 per gallon , demand increases almost daily , and the Saudis have millions of barrels per day more in spare capacity , " he said . "  This is n't nearly good enough . " Al-Naimi , the petroleum minister , also said the Saudi government will invest in oil projects that would allow Saudi Arabia to have the capacity to produce 12.5 million barrels per day by the end of next year . King Abdullah 's announcement came at the end of the Jeddah energy summit , where he also called for OPEC to set aside $ 1 billion for a strategy to ease the oil price crisis . He said $ 500 million should be given to developing nations to help them get the energy they need . King Abdullah said there are "  many factors that made oil prices high . " Along with increased demand , he also cited oil speculators and an increase in taxes in consumer nations . "  Now we see a lot of people point the finger at OPEC as it is solely responsible for this , " he said . The king 's statement came a day after U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman , attending the summit , blamed the record oil prices on lack of production . "  All nations must be better at conservation , and the U.S. is at the top of that list , " said Bodman , who met with journalists ahead of the international meeting of oil producing and consuming nations focusing on high oil prices . Some observers have blamed speculators for driving up oil prices . A key adviser to Saudi Arabia 's oil minister said Friday that a number of factors , including speculators and currency fluctuations , are to blame for rising oil prices . "  We need stability , " Dr. Ibrahim al Muhanna said , adding that Saudi Arabia would like to see producers , consumers and distributors cooperate . But Bodman said he did not believe that they are the cause . Since 2003 , he said , global demand for oil has increased because of industry in China , India and the Middle East . But from 2005 to 2007 , there was very little increase in supply . Nations need an additional supply of energy to market , whether that energy is nuclear , coal , fossil fuels , solar or wind power , Bodman said . "  We spent 30 years digging ourselves into this hole , " he said . "  It wo n't be solved soon . " On Wednesday , President Bush asked Congress to permit drilling for oil in deep water off the U.S. coast to combat rising oil prices . He also renewed his demand that Congress allow oil drilling in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas like the Green River Basin , which encompasses parts of Colorado , Utah and Wyoming . "  In the short run , the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , " Bush said in a Rose Garden statement .	Saudis will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9.7 million Increase from July , boosting production to highest level since 1981 Announcement at Jeddah energy summit to help ease pain of oil price hike Saudis : OPEC should give $ 1B for strategy , $ 500M of which for developing nations
Cape Canaveral , Florida  CNN  -- President Obama pledged his full commitment to the space program Thursday , outlining a new strategy that ends current programs while funding new initiatives intended to propel humankind farther into the solar system . In a speech at the Kennedy Space Center , Obama outlined his proposal to pump an additional $ 6 billion into NASA 's budget over the next five years while halting a project to resume lunar missions . The new spending would be for research on a propulsion breakthrough to travel deeper into space , as well as development of technologies to allow humans to transport necessary supplies to work and stay longer , Obama said . "  I am 100 percent committed to the mission of NASA and its future , " Obama said to applause from the audience of space program workers . He outlined a program including a multibillion-dollar modernization of Kennedy Space Center , expansion of private-sector and commercial space industries , creation of thousands of jobs and eventually human travel to Mars . "  We will actually reach space faster and more often under this plan , " Obama said , adding it would send more astronauts into space over the next decade than previously planned . "  By the mid-2030s I believe we can send people to orbit Mars and bring them safely back to Earth , " Obama said . Landing on Mars will follow , and "  I expect to be around to see it , " he said . Instead of being scrapped as originally proposed , the Orion crew capsule would be used as an emergency vehicle to reach crews at the International Space Station , Obama said . Obama noted that the Constellation Program , which had sought to send astronauts back to the moon by 2020 , is behind schedule , over budget and overall less important than other space investments . The administration would instead invest in deep space exploration and scientific development , he said . "  We 've been there before , " Obama said of the moon . "  There 's a lot more of space to explore and a lot more to learn when we do . " The proposal , which has not yet been approved by Congress , troubles some lawmakers from states where space centers are located . A shift in priorities means jobs are at stake . The main space centers in the United States are Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida ; Marshall Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama ; and Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . In an attempt to address such concerns , Obama announced a $ 40 million initiative to promote regional development and job creation . Allard Beutel , news chief at the Kennedy Space Center , told CNN that layoffs there will likely reach the 7,000 range with the end of NASA 's space shuttle fleet and the cancellation of the Constellation program . Obama noted that the space shuttle fleet is scheduled to be retired at the end of this year under a decision made six years ago . That will leave the Russian Soyuz capsules as the only avenue into space until commercial ventures are ready to do the job , expected to be years away . The new strategy reflects a new era of international cooperation on space travel , Obama said , also noting that NASA always has collaborated with private companies on building space vehicles and other work . Leroy Chiao , a former astronaut and the current vice president of Excalibur Almaz , a private manned space flight company , said it 's time to "  give the commercial guys a chance . " "  NASA 's job really should be to focus on pushing outside of low-earth orbit , of either going to explore near-earth asteroids , going back to the moon to test architecture and modules and hardware , operations for an eventual visit to Mars . So , NASA really should be thinking farther , " Chiao said , adding that private companies could serve as a "  taxi service " for NASA . Some well-known astronauts from the Apollo program , which sent U.S. astronauts to the moon 's surface from 1969 to 1972 , criticized Obama 's plan Wednesday , saying in a letter that "  the USA is far too likely to be on a long downhill slide to mediocrity . " "  America must decide if it wishes to remain a leader in space , " the letter said . "  If it does , we should institute a program which will give us the very best chance of achieving that goal . " The letter was signed by the first and last men to walk on the moon -- Neil Armstrong from Apollo 11 and Eugene Cernan from Apollo 17 -- and James Lovell , who commanded the heroic Apollo 13 flight . They praised Obama 's increase in total funding for space exploration , which includes money for research , the international space station and a heavy-lift rocket . However , the astronauts said the decision to cancel the Constellation program for manned space flight "  is devastating . " Armstrong 's crewmate , Buzz Aldrin , supported Obama , saying NASA needs to explore new frontiers , not retrace 40-year-old footsteps . Aldrin rode on Air Force One with Obama to Cape Canaveral , but the president said Aldrin did n't seem too impressed by a plane unable to reach low-earth orbit . CNN 's Ed Henry and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama outlines his proposal to pump an additional $ 6 billion into NASA 's budget NEW : President touts private-sector space initiatives , as well as a Mars mission by 2030s Well-known astronauts say cancellation of manned flight "  is devastating " Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin says NASA needs to explore new frontiers
CNN  -- In Florida , one could coin a new term for black bears : Pets . Or maybe : Pests . Some have gotten into the habit , it seems , of visiting neighborhoods there , and on Thursday , one was caught literally hanging around -- in a Daytona Beach man 's hammock . "  He got in the hammock like he was a tourist or something , " homeowner Vincent James told CNN affiliate WESH . Usually , James is the one lounging on his back in the white rope mesh hanging between two trees . The bear enjoyed the respite enough to savor it . He -- or she -- stayed in the hammock for about 20 minutes , said photographer Rafael Torres , who snapped pictures of the bear from 60 feet away . Torres ' presence did not seem to disturb the wild animal 's repose . Residents say the bear has been scrounging for food in the neighborhood since Wednesday , ripping through garbage cans and knocking down bird feeders . Aw , is n't that cute ? Torres and James may have enjoyed the visit by the large , furry character lumbering among the ranks of chirping birds and foraging squirrels on their lawns , but other Floridians have n't shared their glee . In April , a black bear attacked a woman in her garage and dragged her out onto the driveway . She claimed it was a posse of five bears that roughed her up , but authorities said it was only one . But there was a handful of black bears roaming the neighborhood at the time of the attack , they said . Do n't feed the bears ! Wildlife officials also discourage the warm , fuzzy feeling some residents have for the black bears , pointing to the dangers they pose . Wildlife law enforcement officers arrested an 81-year-old woman from Sebring in February for feeding loads of dog food to bears on her property . She dished out up to 18 bowls at a time to furry bunches gathered in her yard . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission warned her multiple times to stop , but she would not , for fear the animals would starve without her . Officers were afraid the bears would get hazardously close to humans , and they killed one bear that was frequenting her feedings . Once a bear feels too at home among people , relocating it does n't help , the FWC said back then . It will keep coming back .	Homeowner Vincent James watches a black bear get comfortable in his hammock A photographer snaps photos while the bear hangs out Bears often turn up in residential neighborhoods in Florida Wildlife officials become concerned when bears get too accustomed to contact with humans
London , England  CNN  -- A British doctors group called Wednesday for a ban on all smoking in cars , saying the secondhand smoke inside a vehicle can cause severe health problems for children and adults . The Royal College of Physicians made the recommendation in a new report on how secondhand smoke , also called passive smoking , affects children . The report found that , for children , secondhand smoke annually causes more than 20,000 cases of lower respiratory tract infection , 120,000 cases of middle ear disease , at least 22,000 cases of wheezing and asthma , 200 cases of bacterial meningitis , and 40 sudden infant deaths . These cases generate more than 300,000 doctor visits each year and about 9,500 hospital admissions , costing the National Health Service about # 23.3 million  $ 34.9 million  each year , the report said . The findings were based on studies funded by Cancer Research UK and carried out by the UK Centre for Tobacco Control Studies . England 's chief medical officer , Liam Donaldson , said the report will contribute to the the government 's review of existing smoking legislation in England later this year . Smoking was made illegal in all public spaces in the United Kingdom in 2007 . "  This is a serious public health concern , " Donaldson said . Health effects on children from secondhand smoke are "  entirely avoidable , " the report says . It laid out a series of policy recommendations to reduce those effects , including the ban on smoking in cars . "  Smoke-free legislation should be extended much more widely to include public places frequented by children and young people , and to prohibit all smoking in cars and other vehicles , " the report urged . The report also urged a hike in tobacco prices , more effective health warnings , more generic packaging for tobacco products , and tailored stop-smoking services . "  This report is n't just about protecting children from passive smoking , it 's about taking smoking completely out of children 's lives , " said John Britton , chairman of the Royal College of Physicians ' Tobacco Advisory Group . Smokers ' lobby group Forest said the proposals "  go way beyond what is acceptable in a free society " and are a first step to banning smoking in homes . "  We would n't encourage people to smoke around children , but adults should be allowed to use their common sense and act accordingly , " said Simon Clark , director of Forest . "  We do n't need laws to regulate every aspect of our behavior . " Clark said the report 's claims are a "  huge exaggeration . " "  Unfortunately the anti-smoking industry is n't interested in compromise . It just wants to bully smokers until they quit , " Clark said .	British doctors group calls for ban on all smoking in cars Secondhand smoke in vehicle can cause health problems for children and adults Smokers ' lobby group attacks proposals : are first step to banning smoking in homes
CNN  -- The United States will send more missile defense ships to Japan , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said on Sunday , as part of an effort to bolster protection from North Korean missile threats . North Korea has carried out a series of missile launches in recent weeks and has warned it was preparing to test another nuclear device , prompting fresh criticism from the United States . Speaking during a visit to Tokyo , Hagel announced that two Navy destroyers equipped with missile defense systems would be deployed to Japan by 2017 . "  A key focus for our talks today was the threat posed by North Korea , " Hagel told reporters after he met with Japan 's defense and foreign ministers . "  In response to Pyongyang 's pattern of provocative and destabilizing actions , including recent missile launches in violation of UN Security Council resolutions , I can announce today that the United States is planning to forward-deploy two additional AEGIS ballistic missile defense ships to Japan by 2017 . This will bring our Japan-based fleet of BMD-capable ships to a total of seven . " The announcement followed other steps taken by the Pentagon to bolster its military posture in Japan , including an October decision to establish a second missile defense radar site in Kyoto prefecture . "  These steps will greatly enhance our ability to defend both Japan and the U.S. homeland from North Korean ballistic missile threats , " Hagel said . South Korea investigates two suspected North Korean drones "  Great power " Hagel also addressed territorial disputes between China and its neighbors . Relations between China and Japan are under strain over a territorial row involving a set of small , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea , which has led to frequent tense encounters between the two sides ' ships and planes in recent times . "  Great powers have great responsibilities , and China is a great power , " Hagel said . "  And with this power comes new and wider responsibilities as to how you use that power , how do you employ that military power . And I want to talk with the Chinese about all of that . Particularly , transparency ... The more transparent and open governments can be with each other , the better for everyone . That avoids miscalculation , misinterpretation , misunderstanding , and hopefully that lowers the risks of conflict . " Hagel leaves for Beijing on Monday . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	Defense Secretary says U.S. will send 2 more missile defense ships Move is part of an effort to bolster protection from N.Korean missile threats Chuck Hagel is on visit to Tokyo , to travel to Beijing
CNN  -- After a day of progress against a huge wildfire , crews in Arizona were bracing for Saturday 's predicted higher winds and low humidity -- conditions that will make underbrush a tinderbox . "  The weather conditions will be going back to less favorable conditions , " said John Helmich , spokesman for the Southwest Interagency Incident Management team . Wind gusts of up to 30 miles per hour were possible in some areas of the massive fire , forecasters said . Thousands of firefighters were able to concentrate Friday on "  burnout fires , " intended to burn ground fuel that feed the large fire , officials said . Crews were able to keep the fire from crossing into New Mexico . And , Helmich said , they continued their "  absolutely fantastic " effort to build containment lines and save thousands of residences and structures . The flames have consumed 29 homes , 22 of them in the evacuated city of Greer . More than 5,200 homes are threatened , according to officials . Jim Whittington , another spokesman , said Saturday will be a challenge . "  High winds , low humidity are all of the conditions necessary for large fire growth , " Whittington said . "  We know that the winds are going to come up on Saturday , so we have until then to get as much work done and to get to the point where we feel comfortable to where we can sit there and deal with what the winds throw at us . " Only 5 % of the wildfire was contained by Friday evening , officials said . The Wallow Fire has scorched more than 408,876 acres , leaving a giant bear-paw-like burn mark on the map of eastern Arizona . Air and ground crews concentrated on protecting residences and structures in and near the evacuated cities of Springerville and Eagar . More than 3,000 people are working to douse the fire , from the ground and air . About 221 fire engines and 14 helicopters were in use . Power companies said Friday that they are still watching the huge fire and its potential impact on crucial transmission lines that supply power to hundreds of thousands . El Paso Electric said the fire is about 15 miles from lines that serve nearly 400,000 people . The utility is working with partners and other companies on other sources of power if the lines are closed , company spokeswoman Teresa Souza told CNN . If that occurs , customers in southeastern New Mexico and El Paso , Texas , could see rolling blackouts . Tucson Electric Power has two lines about 8 miles from the fire . Those lines carry electricity through the region to Tucson . "  We 're watching it carefully , " spokesman Joe Salkowski said . If the lines are closed or damaged , the company will be able to prevent outages by using other power sources , Salkowski said . Tucson Electric Power has a coal-powered plant about 12 miles northeast of Springerville , which is evacuated . Officials are safeguarding the plant , but its distance from the fire and the grassy terrain make it "  reasonably protected , " the spokesman said . Meanwhile , authorities were discussing damage caused by the fire with residents in particularly hard-hit communities . Authorities were notifying residents in the community of Greer , where the wildfire destroyed 22 homes and damaged five others , according to information from the Apache County Sheriff 's Office posted on the InciWeb incident information site . Officials were also notifying residents in Alpine and Nutrioso , where five homes had been destroyed , the site said . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer declared a state of emergency earlier in the week to mobilize funds for the wildfires in Apache and Greenlee counties . The blaze -- about the size of Houston -- has caused authorities to evacuate thousands of people since the wildfire began sweeping through the Apache National Forest on May 29 . Journalist Craig Johnson contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials are bracing for winds of up to 30 miles an hour Saturday NEW : Containment of the fire is expected to be more difficult Power companies make contingencies if lines are closed Crews have kept fire from reaching New Mexico
CNN  -- Eastern North Carolina cleaned up Saturday from powerful tornadoes that damaged about 200 homes and knocked out power to thousands of customers . Meanwhile , much of the central United States is bracing for even more severe weather in the form of tornadoes , damaging winds and hail . Multiple twisters touched down in an area east of Greenville , North Carolina , to Beaufort County , on Friday evening , the National Weather Service reported . A tornado that struck Whichards Beach in Beaufort County injured 16 people and damaged or destroyed 150-200 homes , reported the Pasquotank-Camden Emergency Management , quoting the National Weather Service . The twister was rated an EF-3 , with winds estimated at 150 mph . Emergency management official said that ended the streak of days without an EF-3 tornado at 158 days . John Pack , spokesman for the Beaufort County Emergency Management , estimated more than 200 homes in that county sustained major damage , and at one point at least 2,500 homes did n't have power . He told CNN that staffers at the National Weather Service , county volunteer fire crews and more than 100 electrical crews were working to assist residents . In Pasquotank County , three tornadoes touched down , destroying 13 homes and causing major damage to 17 homes , the Pasquotank-Camden Emergency Management said . The weather service said those were EF-2 and EF-1 twisters . NC Dominion Power reported 3,100 customers losing power in Pasquotank County . Elizabeth City Public Utilities said approximately 4,000 city customers lost power . In nearby Perquimans County , the story was similar . A spokesman for that county 's emergency management agency , Tom Ponte , told CNN a preliminary assessment showed the storm damaged 38 homes and left about 1,770 residents without power . According to Ponte , the county is opening a shelter for residents displaced by the storm and roads are being cleared by the county fire department , with assistance from the North Carolina Department of Forestry . The National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center , which monitors severe weather across the United States , said severe weather will move over other parts of the United States over the next three days . That 's all due to a storm that 's moving eastward from the Rockies . CNN meteorologist Matt Daniels predicts a slight risk of severe storms Saturday evening from central Texas into southeast South Dakota . This may include damaging winds and large hail , but does not rule out a few tornadoes . On Sunday , most of Arkansas and neighboring areas -- including Shreveport , Louisiana , and Springfield , Missouri -- face the highest chance of severe weather , though states as far north as North Dakota , and southeast to Georgia , also could be in harm 's way . The SPC said it may upgrade Sunday 's threat level from moderate to "  high risk . " This would be the first "  high risk " threat this year -- a warning that is typically issued only a few times a year . The danger zone shifts farther east on Monday , with Memphis , Tennessee , and Tupelo , Mississippi , among the cities most likely to get hit . There is also a slight risk of storms stretching into the Midwest , north Georgia and the western Carolinas . These storms could produce damaging winds , large hail and tornadoes  some could be strong  throughout the day . And yet more severe weather looms for Tuesday . The Storm Prediction Center notes that these threats come in a year that has been -- so far -- one of the quietest for tornadoes in U.S. history . Already , the country has set a record for going the longest into a new year without a tornado fatality . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Dave Hennen , Suzanne Presto , John Branch and Stephen Daniel contributed to this story .	Tornadoes rip eastern North Carolina Hundreds of houses damaged , thousands lose power Agency : Conditions could be dangerous from Sunday through Tuesday Tornadoes , wind and hail are possible throughout Midwest and South
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court granted a temporary stay of execution late Wednesday for a condemned Texas inmate who is requesting DNA testing of evidence in his case . The order was handed down less than an hour before Henry "  Hank " Skinner , 47 , was scheduled to be executed by injection for the New Year 's Eve 1993 killings of his live-in girlfriend and her two sons . The Supreme Court granted the temporary stay while it considers whether to take up Skinner 's broader appeal . It was not immediately clear when the court might consider the case , but there was no indication a decision would be made before Thursday . Skinner 's attorneys maintain that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer . "  This action suggests that the court believes there are important issues that require closer examination , " defense attorney Robert Owen said of the temporary stay . "  We remain hopeful that the court will agree to hear Mr. Skinner 's case and ultimately allow him the chance to prove his innocence through DNA testing . " Skinner heard the news while he was eating what was to be his last meal , according to Michelle Lyons , a spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . He expressed relief and surprise , saying , "  I had made up my mind I was going to die " and "  I feel like I really won today , " according to Lyons . Skinner said he is "  eager to get the DNA testing so I can prove my innocence and get the hell out of here , " according to Lyons . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has received more than 8,000 letters from Skinner 's advocates urging a stay , according to the Innocence Project and Change.org , whose members and supporters have sent the letters through their Web sites . State Sen. Rodney Ellis and state Rep. Elliott Naishtat were among those who have called for a reprieve . "  It has come to my attention that there are numerous problems with Mr. Skinner 's case that raise serious questions regarding the fairness of his trial and whether or not he is guilty , " Ellis wrote in a letter to Perry on Tuesday . Word about the case has spread as far as France , where demonstrations were planned Wednesday at the U.S. Embassy in Paris by supporters of Skinner 's French wife , Sandrine Ageorges . Since Skinner 's conviction in 1995 , he "  has tirelessly pursued access to the untested physical evidence , " according to court documents filed with the Supreme Court in February . That evidence includes vaginal swabs and fingernail clippings from Skinner 's then-girlfriend Twila Busby , hairs found in her hand and two knives found at the scene , along with a dish towel and a windbreaker jacket , according to the filing . Skinner has never denied being in the home when Busby and her sons -- Elwin Caler , 22 , and Randy Busby , 20 , -- were killed . However , he maintains he was incapacitated because of the "  extreme quantities of alcohol and codeine " that he had consumed earlier that evening , according to the documents . Prosecutors maintain forensic evidence gathered at the scene and witness statements point to Skinner . A female friend of Skinner 's who lived four blocks away testified at Skinner 's trial that he walked to her trailer and told her that he may have kicked Twila Busby to death , although evidence did not show she had been kicked . The neighbor has since recanted parts of her testimony . Authorities followed a blood trail from the crime scene to the female friend 's trailer and found Skinner in the closet , authorities said . He was "  wearing heavily blood-stained jeans and socks and bearing a gash on the palm of his right hand , " according to the Texas attorney general 's summary of the case . In addition , authorities said cuts on Skinner 's hand came from the knife used to stab the men . Skinner said he cut it on glass . Some DNA testing was done , which implicated Skinner , but not on the items he now wants tested . "  DNA testing showed that blood on the shirt Skinner was wearing at the time of his arrest was Twila 's blood , and blood on Skinner 's jeans was a mixture of blood from Elwin and Twila , " authorities said . However , Owen wrote in the Supreme Court filing , "  the victims ' injuries show that whoever murdered them must have possessed considerable strength , balance and coordination . " Twila Busby was strangled so forcefully that her larynx and the hyoid bone in her throat were broken . She then was struck with an axe or pick handle 14 times , hard enough to drive fragments of her "  unusually thick skull " into her brain , the court documents said . "  While attacking Ms. Busby , the perpetrator had to contend with the presence of her 6-foot-6-inch , 225-pound son , Elwin Caler , who blood spatter analysis showed was in the immediate vicinity of his mother as she was being beaten , " the court filing said . "  Somehow , the murderer was able to change weapons and stab Caler several times before he could fend off the attack or flee . " Randy Busby was then stabbed to death in the bedroom the two brothers shared , the documents said . Evidence presented at trial suggested that Twila Busby 's uncle , Robert Donnell -- who is now dead -- could have been the killer . At a New Year 's Eve party she attended for a short time on the last night of her life , Donnell stalked her , making crude sexual remarks , according to trial testimony . A friend who drove her home from the party testified she was "  fidgety and worried " and that Donnell was no longer at the party when he returned . "  The defense presented evidence that Donnell was a hot-tempered ex-con who had sexually molested a girl , grabbed a pregnant woman by the throat and kept a knife in his car , " according to Owen 's letter to Perry . An expert testified at trial that Skinner would have been too intoxicated to commit the crimes , and a review of the evidence suggests that Skinner might have been even more intoxicated than initially thought , Owen writes . Media outlets in Texas have been supportive of a reprieve for Skinner . "  Before sending a man to die , we need to be absolutely sure of his guilt , " the Houston Chronicle wrote in an editorial Friday . Skinner 's wife , Ageorges , told Radio France Internationale in a Tuesday interview that she began writing to Skinner in 1996 and they began visiting in 2000 . "  I 'm convinced of his innocence not because I love him and he 's my husband , I 'm convinced of his innocence ... -LSB- because -RSB- there is scientific forensic evidence to prove that he was not even in a state to stand up at the time of the crime let alone murder three people that he loved , " Ageorges told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday night after the stay had been granted . "  There is absolutely no motive . " Ageorges also said she finds it "  mind-boggling that evidence preserved from the crime scene 15 years later -- including the murder weapon , a rape kit , nail clippings from one of the victims , a male jacket that does n't fit his size at all with sweat , hair , DNA -- to this day is not tested . " Recently , questions have swirled in Texas regarding the 2004 execution of Cameron Todd Willingham for a fire that killed his three daughters . On March 19 , Perry issued a posthumous pardon to the family of Timothy Cole , who was serving a 25-year sentence for aggravated sexual assault when he died in prison from an asthma attack . After his death , DNA tests established his innocence , and another man confessed to the crime . CNN 's William Mears , Ashley Hayes and Emily Probst contributed to this report .	U.S. Supreme Court issues stay of execution for Henry "  Hank " Skinner Skinner , 47 , was to be executed by lethal injection Wednesday He was convicted of murdering his girlfriend and her two sons in 1993 in Pampa , Texas Skinner 's attorneys say DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence
Rev. Al Sharpton greets Michael Jackson 's mother Katherine Jackson , and daughter , Paris , at memorial . ESSENCE  -- The Rev. Al Sharpton has been a pillar of support for the Jackson family since the moment the world found out Michael passed away . Sharpton is one of the few people to have a close relationship with the King of Pop and the man they both revered , James Brown , the Godfather of Soul . ESSENCE.com sat down with Sharpton to talk about his connection to these two incredible men , how the Jackson family is coping after participating in the most watched memorial service in recent history , and his thoughts about the naysayers who continue to mar Michael 's legacy . ESSENCE : You had the unique opportunity to be close to two musical icons : Michael Jackson and James Brown . Were they alike in any way ? REVEREND AL SHARPTON : They had some similarities , like both of them were very determined men . I can remember times when both of them faced challenges and responded to those challenges with pain from being disappointed by friends who they feel abandoned and betrayed them but neither one of them ever showed a lack of determination or conviction that they were born to do what they were meant to do . I never saw either of them at the point where they felt they had to give up . Essence : Suzanne de Passe remembers Michael Jackson In fact , the more adversity , the more determined they became . They were very similar in that way . I remember when Michael was having the fight with Sony over his catalog . He talked to me about how some Hollywood big shots were n't in his corner anymore . These were people he had done so many things for but now they were n't returning his phone calls . He would just say , "  I 'm going to beat them , Rev. " ESSENCE : What do you say to those people like Fox 's Bill O'Reilly or New York Congressman Peter King who have publically said that Michael Jackson does n't deserve the accolades he 's currently receiving ? SHARPTON : I debated Bill O'Reilly on his show last night and he , ironically , said that Michael Jackson was n't a pioneer like James Brown . I said , that 's funny because you attacked James Brown when he died too . Michael Jackson has sold more records than anyone else in history . This man made the VH1 's and the MTV 's of the world . He made the cover of Rolling Stone countless times . These are facts . These are not accolades that are debatable . Essence : Highlights of Jackson 's life No one is saying Michael Jackson and James Brown did n't have their flaws . What we are saying is what they achieved allowed for barriers to be broken down on our behalf . To tell us that we should n't celebrate facts is to tell us that we must embrace this supremacist fantasy and I do n't think we should do that . ESSENCE : Do you think that Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee will get the resolution passed to memorialize Michael Jackson 's memory as an American legend , musical icon and world humanitarian ? She 's getting some flack from some politicians . SHARPTON : I think she will , because if she does n't get it passed on the first time , there will be so much political pressure that they will have to pass it . Look at the reaction ! Michael 's funeral ... more people watched it than the Pope 's funeral . That 's not just Black people . All the Bill O'Reillys and Peter Kings did not dampen the outpouring of love all over the world . It was unprecedented and that 's why I believe this will pass . Just like every network ended up covering his funeral as if he was a head of state , at the end of the day , the people have said that Michael Jackson deserves all of this . ESSENCE : How is the family doing now that the public memorial is completed ? SHARPTON : They are strong and standing together . This is certainly devastating but they are a closer knit family than people think and have gone through crisis before . They are helping each other through this . I admire their strength and their bond . They know that I 'm always there for moral support . We 've always had that type of relationship and we always will .	The Rev. Al Sharpton says people are wrong to attack Michael Jackson 's legacy Says singer was n't perfect , but used his talent to shatter racial barriers Notes Jackson 's memorial was like that of a head of state , more viewed than pope 's Sharpton : Jackson 's family is more close-knit than people think
CNN  -- Donald Sterling has agreed to the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , Sterling 's attorneys told CNN on Wednesday . Last week , Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , agreed to sell the franchise to Ballmer for an NBA record $ 2 billion . The Sterlings are co-owners of the team through a family trust . Donald Sterling initially indicated he would fight the sale and filed a lawsuit against the National Basketball Association . The suit has yet to be withdrawn , attorneys Bobby Samini and Maxwell Blecher , said , but that likely will happen this week . "  Donald Sterling officially announces today , the NBA and Donald Sterling and Shelly Sterling have agreed to sell the Los Angeles Clippers to Steve Ballmer for $ 2 billion and various additional benefits . All disputes and outstanding issues have been resolved , " Samini said in a written statement . Blecher said he thought that Sterling worked out a resolution with the league or with Shelly Sterling . The NBA was expected to issue a news release commenting on Wednesday 's developments . As of 8 p.m. ET , the NBA had not received a sale agreement with Donald Sterling 's signature , a source with detailed knowledge of the negotiations said . The source said Sterling was in a room with his two attorneys , going through the deal . NBA owners still have to approve the sale to Ballmer , who has indicated he would keep the team in Los Angeles . Ballmer , according to Forbes magazine , is worth $ 20.3 billion . Ballmer has tried to buy a NBA team before . Last year , he and investor Chris Hansen were set to purchase the Sacramento Kings , but the NBA nixed the deal because the duo would have moved the franchise to Seattle . Who is Steve Ballmer ? Donald Sterling bought the team in 1981 for $ 12 million . Sterling 's recorded racist remarks to his companion , V. Stiviano , spawned outrage among NBA fans , players and executives . Chief among the latter was NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who banned Sterling from the league , fined him $ 2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise . The recording was posted online by TMZ in late April . In the recording , Sterling argues with Stiviano about how she posted a photo of herself with NBA legend Magic Johnson to Instagram . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " Sterling says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " the woman responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Bird was a Hall of Fame player who played with the Boston Celtics and was a storied rival of Johnson , who played for the Los Angeles Lakers . He also tells her not to bring Johnson to Clippers games and not to post photos his friends could view . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , " he said . What to know about Steve Ballmer CNN exclusive : Donald Sterling insists he 's no racist , still slams Magic Johnson CNN 's Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	NEW : Source tells CNN that Donald Sterling is going through sale agreement with lawyers Attorney for Donald Sterling says his client 's disputes have been resolved But a lawsuit has yet to be withdrawn Shelly Sterling , acting on behalf of the family trust , sold the team last week
The Republican congressman and Democratic senator charged with hashing out a federal budget deal are "  closer " to an agreement but not there yet , according to senior aides in both parties . A senior Democratic aide told CNN that House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan and Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray met Wednesday afternoon and are narrowing down the issues in a potential spending deal . The two lawmakers are the primary negotiators for , and leaders of , a budget conference committee that has a week and a half to come up with an agreement on spending levels . The talks are especially important because the bill funding government now runs out in mid-January at nearly the same time as another round of forced budget cuts is due to hit . If Murray and Ryan can agree on spending levels and whether to roll back some of the budget cuts , that would settle the most contentious issues in the January spending debate and essentially pave a shutdown-free road to the next funding bill . The two sides have a nearly $ 100 billion gap to bridge . Entering the talks , Republicans had pushed for an annual spending level of $ 967 billion , while Democrats set their level at $ 1.058 billion . Lawmakers pass more blame than bills in do-nothing Congress	The bill funding government now runs out in mid-January The two sides have a nearly $ 100 billion gap to bridge Paul Ryan and Patty Murray are narrowing down the issues
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has revealed that he believes seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher will come out of retirement and join the new Mercedes team . The German has been a consultant with Ferrari , for whom he won five of his drivers ' crowns , since he ended his career in 2006 . He almost got back behind the wheel for the Italian marque this year as a replacement for the injured Felipe Massa , but his comeback was cut short due to the lingering effects of a neck injury suffered in a motorbike accident . However , the 40-year-old is now reportedly ready to return alongside compatriot Nico Rosberg for 2010 with German manufacturer Mercedes , who took a controlling interest in 2009 's double world champions Brawn . Di Montezemolo told reporters at Ferrari 's Christmas lunch in Fiorano that Schumacher was close to sealing a deal , the UK Press Association reported . "  I had n't spoken to him since Abu Dhabi but I spoke to him on Wednesday , " Di Montezemolo said . "  He phoned me and he told me that there is a very , very , very strong possibility -LSB- of joining Mercedes -RSB- . "  Having said that , it is not 100 percent decided . But that is what he said . " Schumacher is poised to end a 13-year association with Ferrari if he joins Mercedes . "  The real Schumacher , the one I know , will remain forever part of the Ferrari family , " Di Montezemolo told Ferrari 's official Web site . "  I said it in Monza and I repeated it in Abu Dhabi , but , it seems he has a twin brother , identical in every way , who seems to have it in his head to go and race in Formula One with Mercedes . "  I do n't know him personally , but it seems we have nothing to offer him -- we have two young drivers in Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso , on whom we are counting to deliver a lot next year . "  I think that , this summer , when I asked him to stand in for Felipe , after the terrible accident in Budapest , he suddenly rediscovered the desire to race and the fact he was unable to follow through with that , left him a void that we are unable to fill . "  I remember how despondent he sounded on the evening of August 9 , when he called me to say that the problem with his neck meant he could not race in Valencia . "  We have tried to move forward with the idea of running a third car , but for the moment , that is not possible . I do n't know what he will decide for the future , but I extend to him , and indeed his twin brother , my very best wishes . "	Ferrari believe F1 legend Michael Schumacher will come out of retirement President Luca di Montezemolo says seven-time world champion will join Mercedes The 40-year-old was unable to make comeback with Ferrari due to neck injury The German told Di Montezemolo there is a strong chance he will sign for Mercedes
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- An audio message attributed to Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , the highest ranking former member of Saddam Hussein 's regime still at large , salutes the "  People of Palestine " and calls on them to fight back against Israel in Gaza . A 1999 file image of Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , who served under Saddam Hussien 's regime and who is still at large . "  We say to the people of Gaza , give more resistance and we will be with you in the field , and know that our victory in kicking out the invaders is your victory as well , because the main assailant on the nation and on Palestine is the American imperialism , " the recording said . "  A salute to the martyrs of the massacre , and our condolences to their families . " Al-Douri 's recording follows reports of a similarly defiant message from al Qaeda 's deputy chief a day earlier . Ayman al-Zawahiri reportedly vowed revenge for Israel 's air and ground assault on Gaza and called Israel 's actions against Hamas militants "  a gift " from U.S. President-elect Barack Obama . Israel is in the 12th day of a military operation against Hamas militants , who have been firing rockets from Gaza into southern Israel . Al-Douri 's 30-minute recorded message was broadcast Wednesday on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television over an old picture of al-Douri , wearing his Iraqi military uniform . CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice on the tape . This is not al-Douri 's first purported audio message . There have been at least four others over the past three years in addition to a statement attributed to him . Al-Douri , 66 , served as vice-chairman of Hussein 's Revolutionary Command Council . He remains at large nearly six years after the war in Iraq began . He has previously been reported killed and captured , although those reports later turned out to be erroneous . He was the King of Clubs  No. 6  on the U.S. military 's card deck of most wanted regime officials . The U.S. military says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq with Iraqi funds he transferred to Syria before Hussein 's government collapsed in April 2002 . But it says his influence has waned while he has been in hiding . U.S. officials say al-Douri played key roles in the chemical attack on the Kurdish town of Halabja in 1988 and in putting down Kurdish and Shiite revolts after the 1991 Persian Gulf War .	Al-Douri was vice-chairman of Hussein 's Revolutionary Command Council 30-minute recorded message broadcast on al-Raei Iraqi satellite television CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice U.S. says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq
CNN  -- It 's been a bad year for the African rhino , particularly for those that call South Africa home . In 2013 , over 1,000 rhinos were poached in South Africa alone . It 's a dangerously high number , when you consider there are only 5,000 black rhinos left on the continent  a 97.6 % reduction since 1960  . The white rhino story is a happier tale . Rescued from the brink of extinction , the species now numbers 20,000 -- though conservationists worry they too are in danger , as rhino horn continues to sell for a hefty sum on the black market . "  A rhino is killed every seven hours , and when you mention rhinos to anyone , they tend to shake their head in desperation , " says Dereck Joubert , who , along with his wife Beverly set up Rhinos Without Borders , a charity that has recently come up with a novel approach to saving one of Africa 's most iconic creatures . In 2015 , the charity will move 100 rhinos from South Africa -- which holds 80 % of Africa 's rhino population -- to Botswana , which has the lowest poaching rate in the continent . The rhinos are mainly donated from private sellers and the South African government . "  It 's a bad idea to keep all your high-value assets in one place . Ecologically and genetically , it makes a lot of sense to spread them around , so if there 's a catastrophic event in one place , you do n't lose everything , " he explains . Botswana : ` Shoot to kill ' One of the reason 's Botswana 's poaching levels are so low is that they have zero tolerance when it comes to poachers . Anti-poaching is handled by the Botswana Defense Force , who have a "  shoot to kill " policy . "  If poachers are apprehended , and do n't immediately put down their weapons , the military basically treats them like an aggressive military threat , " Joubert notes . "  The risks are very high for poachers , and the rewards are very low . " Botswana is also more remote and less populous -- two factors that he says helps keep poaching at a minimum . "  A group of foreigners walking through with AK47s are very quickly identified , " he explains . Making the move Rhinos Without Borders has partnered with tourism venture andBeyond , who moved rhinos from one of their private reserves to Botswana in 2011 . Rhino candidates are sedated and their blood samples studied to make sure they 're strong enough to make the trip . The rhinos then recover during a six-week quarantine before they 're moved by plane to a secret location in Botswana . "  They wo n't be going in reserves near the borders either , because the president and the Botswana Defense Force do n't want to attract poachers , " explains Beverly Joubert . Because rhinos ' first instinct is to seek out other herds , and Botswana has a low density of the species , synthesized rhino dung is used to help the relocated animals establish their territory . The process costs about $ 45,000 per rhino . Busting the horn myth Rhinos are killed almost exclusively for their horn , which currently sells for $ 65,000 per kilo  2.2 pounds  . The demand is driven primarily by buyers in East Asia , who  inaccurately  ascribe various medicinal cure-alls to the horn . In addition to running their charity , the Jouberts are also filmmakers and photojournalists for National Geographic . Together , they have made several films dispelling the myths concerning rhino horn 's supposed medicinal properties , in the hopes of changing attitudes abroad . "  It 's been claimed that rhino horn cures cancer , reduces fevers and is an aphrodisiac , and it 's been proven that none of those things are true , " says Beverly . "  Really , it 's like chewing your own finger nail . It 's keratin , that is all . " The ivory link The history of the rhino horn trade is closely intertwined with that of the ivory trade . In 1989 , the Contention on International Trade in Endangered Species  CITES  succeeded in implementing an international ban on ivory . The price for the material crashed overnight and poaching of elephants mainly came to a halt . In 2002 , trade opened back up when a handful of nations , including South Africa , were allowed to sell their ivory stockpiles . "  The minute that happened , we saw an influx of poachers . At the same time , the market shifted straight across to include rhinos as well , " says Dereck . Some conservationists have proposed farming elephants and rhinos to meet the global demand -- an idea the Jouberts view as hopelessly misguided . "  If the strategy is to flood the market , the economics do n't add up , " he says . "  Maybe you could produce 6kg of horn a month from farming , but the market is over a billion strong . "	The black rhino population has plummeted 97.6 % since 1960 Poaching is on the rise in South Africa . Over 1,000 rhinos were hunted last year Charity Rhinos Without Borders is planning to populate Botswana with rhinos Botswana has the lowest poaching level in Africa
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Syria needs lots of things right now . One of them is George Clooney . Let me explain . As the Geneva II talks this week made clear , there is no end in sight for the bloody three-year war in Syria . In the meantime , more than 100,000 people have been killed , the country is destroyed , and millions of Syrians have fled their homes , half of them children . This is the defining war and humanitarian crisis of this decade , which was underscored by my visit to Syrian refugees here this week . And yet there is no outcry from the broader rich-country public to end the suffering there . To the extent that the media cover Syria , it is a diplomatic and political story . My media contacts say they need a "  fresh angle " on the humanitarian aspect of Syria in order to get it covered . My friends on Capitol Hill say they 're hearing nothing about Syria from their constituents , after a surge of opposition to the idea of punitive airstrikes this summer . My fellow fundraisers share my frustration that we ca n't get much traction with donors around Syria . Contrast that to a major natural disaster like the recent typhoon in the Philippines . When a catastrophic , photogenic act of God kills thousands of people and makes millions more homeless in an instant , news crews get mobilized , benefit concerts get arranged , the public gets generous , and the needs on the ground get met . But what if the killer is a complex , drawn-out , difficult-to-cover war with no clear good guys and bad guys , as it is in Syria ? Well , those people need George Clooney . Here 's one example of why : Mercy Corps , the global humanitarian organization I work for , raised more charitable dollars for the Philippines in three days -- about $ 1.5 million -- than we have raised for Syria in almost three years . Tragic as the typhoon was , the Philippines is on a road to rehabilitation . Syria , on the other hand , is slowly bleeding to death . ` Courage and magnetism ' We need a telethon . We need vigils . We need letters to members of Congress . Of course that kind of activism alone is n't going to end the war and get Syrians everything they need , but it is a great place to start . That 's where someone like George Clooney comes in . Clooney is a rare public figure with the credibility , courage , and magnetism to take an urgent , complicated issue and make it matter to Americans . To be clear , I am suggesting that Syria needs George Clooney more figuratively than literally . The authentic involvement of cultural icons helps form a movement , and that makes Syria more than some distant quagmire . Some shared sense of urgency and ownership is critical to breaking the horrific stasis of the situation in and around Syria , a situation that is perpetuated in part by the rich-world public generally sitting Syria out . Sometimes when I have this conversation with someone , they 'll ask why people should get engaged on issues overseas when there are so many problems at home in the United States . It 's an important point , but keep in mind that of all the charitable donations Americans made in 2012 , only 6 % went to international causes . Aid workers are often dismissive of entertainers who get involved in their causes , and there are plenty of cases of unhelpful dabbling . But look at George Clooney and Don Cheadle on Darfur . Angelina Jolie on refugees . Ben Affleck on Congo . Bono on just about everything . These celebrities , when working in partnership with policymakers , companies , philanthropists , and aid groups on the ground , can become the hugely powerful advocates that desperate people need . Like the people I met this week at the Ouzaii Collective Center in southern Lebanon . These 153 families fled Syria with little and are living packed together in an unfinished office building . Cinder blocks . Exposed rebar . Dodgy wiring . Limited water and sanitation . No glass in the windows . No school , no privacy , and no end in sight . They are totally dependent on the generosity of others , and yet neither charitable nor government funds are sufficient to meet their needs right now . Right now , the people of Syria need powerful friends to speak up , and George Clooney - so often the hero , on-screen and off - could call together the voices of support that these people so deserve . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeremy Barnicle .	There is no-end in sight for Syria 's bloody war , writes Mercy Corps ' Jeremy Barnicle And yet there is no outcry from richer countries to end suffering there , he says Mercy Corps raised more for Typhoon Haiyan victims in three days than Syria in three years Barnicle says celebrities like Clooney can be powerful advocates for people in need
CNN  -- Four former Blackwater private security contractors faced new federal charges on Thursday , the latest chapter in a controversial political and diplomatic case over a deadly 2007 Iraqi War incident . The men were re-indicted by a federal grand jury in Washington on various manslaughter charges related to a shooting that left 17 unarmed Iraqi civilians dead and at least 18 others wounded at Nisur Square in Baghdad . The indictment alleges the men "  unlawfully and intentionally , upon a sudden quarrel and heat of passion , did commit voluntary manslaughter . " The defendants have denied all charges and said they acted in self-defense when fired upon initially by militants . A federal judge in 2008 dismissed the original case , finding the Justice Department withheld key evidence , and violated the guards ' rights . But a federal appeals court later reversed that decision , leading the government to seek a fresh indictment . The incident prompted international outrage at the time , and the criminal prosecution in the United States has dragged on for years . 2011 : Blackwater founder enters video game business The killings led Iraq 's government to slap limits on security contractors hired by various firms , including Virginia-based Blackwater -- now under new management and known as Academi . "  The vast majority of the U.S. contractors who served in Iraq did so with honor and integrity , but , as alleged today , these defendants abused their power through a relentless attack on unarmed civilians that recklessly exceeded any possible justification , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. . "  This prosecution demonstrates our commitment to upholding the rule of law even in times of war and to bringing justice to the memories of those innocent men , women , and children who were gunned down in Baghdad more than six years ago , " he said . There was no immediate reaction from attorneys for the men . There was no indication when a new criminal trial would begin . The case is U.S. v. Slough , et al  cr-08-360  .	Private security contractors reindicted by grand jury on manslaughter charges Case relates to shooting in 2007 that left 17 unarmed Iraqi civilians dead Defendants had denied all charges previously , saying they acted in self defense Incident prompted international outrage as U.S. prosecution has dragged on for years
CNN  -- It was late afternoon in Kiev on July 17 when I spotted the tweet : A commercial airliner had been downed over eastern Ukraine . My team , more than 250 civilians from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , had been sent to Ukraine three months before to monitor and report on the security situation in the country and to facilitate dialogue . Now we were involved in something very different . As the minutes ticked by , we raced to verify claims about the plane . Soon it was confirmed : A Boeing 777 with 298 people aboard it had crashed . It was exactly 24 hours after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 fell out of the heavens and into the farmlands of the Donetsk region when our team of two dozen monitors arrived on the scene . We knew we were close when we spotted from a distance the vertical tail , with the Malaysia Airlines logo still largely intact . It lay peacefully , seemingly untouched , in a wheat field . We were the first international organization on the ground , and with that came an intense , unprecedented media glare that would last for days . Some referred to us as "  the eyes and ears of the world " -- and what we saw was horrifying . Our first observations were of a gruesome scene of smoldering rubble , bodies  some still strapped into their seats  , personal belongings and a bewildered group of swaggering rebels , uniformed first responders and foreign journalists . There was no sign of perimeter security . Aside from the vertical tail , the aft section of the fuselage was among the largest , intact pieces of debris . On the opposite side of a farm road that bisected the main impact site were more terrible scenes : mangled corpses amid still-smoldering fuselage , duty free shopping bags and open suitcases . Farther along the hellish landscape was where the wings , fuel tanks , landing gear and main cabin crashed . The impact of the jet smashing into the ground caused a fireball in one field that brought temperatures as high as 1,600 degrees Celsius , according to some experts -- enough to melt the aluminum wings of the 17-year-old aircraft and incinerate everything in the immediate area . Incredibly , the small village of Hrabove , just a few meters away , remained relatively untouched . On Day One , we were only able to spend 75 minutes on the site . The heavily armed rebel who appeared to be in charge was largely uncooperative and clearly unhappy with our presence there . He was aggressive and appeared to be intoxicated . Journalists on the scene told us that they had been hastily corralled , apparently to create a semblance of order . There were many scenes that defied logic : an opened bag of duty free items with two plastic , un-pilfered bottles of whiskey , a MacBook Pro laptop , a Lonely Planet guidebook to Bali -- not a surprising find given that this "  backpacker route " is heavily used by holidaymakers destined for Asia . A few days later we 'd find several passports that had been taken away and then put back at the crash site , apparently by a guilt-ridden first responder . What also struck us was the randomness of how pieces of the plane fell upon this bucolic region of conflict-ridden eastern Ukraine : a toilet sink here , a business class seat a few meters away and next to it the horizontal stabilizers . We were shocked one day to chance upon an enormous piece of the main passenger cabin , hidden away in the woods . I counted 17 windows , some of them still intact . By far the most horrific scene was four days after the crash , when our team monitored the sealing up of train cars filled with the remains of the plane 's passengers , at the railway station in Torez  which , ironically , was where four of our colleagues were kidnapped by an armed group at the end of May  . The stench of death at the station was overwhelming . Yet knowing that these souls were finally on their way home , out of this chaotic scene to a place where they could be cared for with dignity , provided some sense of comfort . I noted how the local women from the railway station took great pains to meticulously seal the car doors -- perhaps feeling in some small way that they had aided the families of the victims . It was during these first crucial days that our team was able to facilitate access for four small groups of experts : a team of civil aviation experts from Kiev , a three-member team from Malaysia Airlines and that country 's department of civil aviation , along with Dutch and Australian experts . I marveled particularly at the stoicism and composure of the Malaysian experts : These are men who live and breathe aviation , and they knew the aircraft intimately . The tragedy struck deeply for me as well . I had lived and worked for many years in Malaysia , have many friends there and am very familiar with the country and the airline . My roots are in Ukraine , and I 've covered commercial aviation as a journalist and I 've a well-known fondness for flying . At least at the end of every day , we were able to retreat to the relative comfort of our hotel in Donetsk city . But even there , the threat of violence was never far off . Late one night , standing on the hotel rooftop waiting to go live on TV with CNN 's Erin Burnett , the sound of automatic gunfire sent me and the Turkish crew rushing for cover . I ended up speaking to Erin crouched down near a protective wall . On August 1 , after almost a week-long pause due to security reasons , we were able to establish a new access route that paved the way for daily visits by a critical mass of Dutch and Australian experts to the MH17 crash site . To finally see dozens of trained sets of eyes combing over the site , starting with the chicken farm near Hrabove , brought us all a sense of accomplishment . As images of the uniformed experts surveying the fields , aided by sniffer dogs , were flashed around the word by the media and via social media , I thought to myself that this must have brought some sense of comfort to the families of the victims . And after days of waiting in Donetsk , I know that the Dutch and Australian experts -- despite the grim task ahead of looking for victims ' remains and personal belongings , as well as the dangers of working a crime scene in the midst of an active conflict zone -- could not wait to get down to work . The sounds of shelling in the distance were a constant reminder of the threat . Little wonder that during an orientation session , one of the commanders instructed the experts to "  treat every day here as if it is your last day on site . " I am often asked how we coped with the enormity of all this , of the horrific scenes we witnessed . What powered us through this was knowing that we were providing families with crucial bits of information in those chaotic first days . As always , our hearts and prayers are with the victims ' loved ones , and we hope that we have been able to provide them with some sense of comfort and closure to this horrific tragedy . MH17 victims ' bodies flown home to Malaysia Mother of two MH17 victims regrets not heeding son 's fears	Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed in Ukraine on July 17 , killing all 298 passengers Michael Bociurkiw was part of first international team of observers on scene Bociurkiw : We saw smoldering rubble of plane with bodies still strapped into their seats Bociurkiw : Knowing these souls were finally on their way provided some sense of comfort
CNN  -- HLN 's Nancy Grace announced on her program Monday night that she had surgery to remove a solid mass that doctors had feared could be cancer . The operation last Tuesday , which Grace said took "  hours and hours , " revealed that the mass was not malignant , she said . Speaking by phone to substitute host Jean Casarez of In Session , Grace said she is recovering at home with her husband , David , and their 3-year-old twins , John David and Lucy Elizabeth . A nurse administering an ultrasound test to Grace during a routine gynecologist visit discovered the growth , Grace said . Grace had felt no symptoms and scheduled the appointment based on "  a hunch , " she said . During the ultrasound , the nurse called in the doctor who looked at the results and said he wanted to speak to Grace in his office . "  He was very calm and very honest and he told me they had discovered a mass , " Grace said . When the doctor said it could be cancer , Grace described it as "  that moment you see in movies and you hear about that always happens to somebody else but not to you . " Surgery was scheduled for a few days later at Northside Hospital in the Atlanta , Georgia , area . "  It seemed like the world just stopped because you know when you wait a long time for happiness ... it always just feels like it could be taken away , " she said , referring to her marriage and the birth of her children . "  I think what bothered me most was thinking about watching the twins on the other side of life and seeing them grow up without a mother , " Grace said . "  And I think about it so many times on our show because we have stories of children who endured so much and do n't have anybody to love them . " Saying she was "  the lucky one , " Grace urged women to make appointments for routine exams even if they feel fine . The former Fulton County , Georgia , prosecutor and Court TV host joined the HLN prime-time lineup in February 2005 . Grace said she hopes to return to work next Monday .	An ultrasound test discovered the growth , Grace says "  It seemed like the world just stopped " The mass , removed in surgery , proved to be non-malignant , Grace said Monday by phone She hopes to return to work next week
CNN -- The number of cholera deaths in Zimbabwe is now approaching 3,000 , the World Health Organization says . Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December . Latest , WHO statistics show 2,971 deaths since the outbreak began in August , with 56,123 cases reported . The epidemic has swept through a country wracked with political and economic crises . Cholera is an intestinal disease caused by bacteria in contaminated water . The epidemic has been aggravated by erratic water supplies , shortages of water purification chemicals , broken water and sewer pipes and uncollected garbage . On top of that , the waste-disposing system has collapsed . Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe . Last month , the government led by President Robert Mugabe declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency . The country already was wracked by an enormous economic crisis , with a hyperinflationary economy and shortages of all essentials including food , fuel , cash , foreign currency and electricity . Zimbabwe 's rainy season peaks in January or February and ends in late March , and Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned the epidemic could get worse during the rainy season .	WHO figures show 56,123 reported cholera cases in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe 's waste-disposing system has collapsed Health Minster David Parirenyatwa warns epidemic could get worse in rainy season
LONDON , England -- Younes Kaboul scored in injury time to earn Tottenham a remarkable 4-4 Premier League home draw with Aston Villa , sealing a remarkable fightback after trailing 4-1 and possibly saving manager Martin Jol from the sack . Tottenham players celebrate Dimitar Berbatov 's opening goal in an amazing match at White Hart Lane . Dimitar Berbatov opened the scoring for Spurs but two goals from Martin Laursen edged the visitors ahead and Gabriel Agbonlahor and Craig Gardner added to the lead . However , Pascal Chimbonda and Robbie Keane pulled goals back and deep into added time Kaboul found the top corner to level the scores . Jol appeared a man on the brink after Tottenham fell 4-1 behind but his side dug deep to earn a point on the evening of their 125th anniversary celebrations -- although they remain third bottom of the table . Bulgarian striker Berbatov put Spurs ahead in the 20th minute , powerfully heading home from Tom Huddlestone 's corner . But Villa hit back immediately when England goalkeeper Paul Robinson dropped Gareth Barry 's corner , allowing Laursen to prod home after a ricochet off Pascal Chimbonda . Laursen got his second of the game in the 33rd minute when Barry 's free-kick on the left was met by Zat Knight -- and the ball struck the Danish defender before finding the net . Agbonlahor made it 3-1 five minutes from half-time when he won the ball off Michael Dawson after a Luke Moore flick-on , twisted into the penalty area and finished neatly , low into the far corner of Robinson 's net . Tottenham 's hopes looked forlorn early in the second half when Gardner powered home a free-kick off the post but the hosts quickly pulled one back when Jermain Defoe hit the post from Gareth Bale 's cross and Chimbonda followed up . With eight minutes remaining Marlon Harewood fouled Darren Bent in the area and Keane fired home the spot-kick . That set up an exciting finish and Tottenham 's relentless pressure finally paid dividends when Kaboul slammed home in stoppage time after Villa failed to clear a corner . E-mail to a friend	Younes Kaboul scores in injury time to earn Spurs a 4-4 draw with Aston Villa The result completes an amazing recovery after the home side trailed 4-1 Despite the result , Tottenham remain third from bottom of the Premier League
CNN  -- Former law clerks to Judge Sonia Sotomayor sent a letter of support to the Senate leadership Monday , offering their "  enthusiastic and wholehearted support " for the U.S. Supreme Court nominee . Judge Sonia Sotomayor The letter -- addressed to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada ; Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky ; Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont ; and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee -- was signed by 45 of her 49 former law clerks . The White House said it was unable to find two of the clerks , and the two others had conflicts of interest that precluded their signing the letter . "  Our group includes federal prosecutors and other government lawyers ; private law firm partners and in-house corporate counsel ; and legal academics and public interest lawyers , " the letter said . "  Although our professional experiences are diverse , we are united in our strong belief that Judge Sotomayor is a brilliant and first-rate judge who is an ideal selection for our nation 's highest court . " In an interview Monday on CNN , former law clerks Lisa Zornberg and Adam Abensohn sang their former boss 's praises . "  The judge is a fantastic person to work for , " said Zornberg , a Harvard Law School graduate who clerked in 1997-1998 and is now a U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York . "  Professionally and personally , she is a brilliant woman , she 's a mentor , she 's a fantastic personality . " "  She 's , more than anything , incredibly hard-working , incredibly conscientious , " concurred Abensohn , a Georgetown Law School graduate who clerked for Sotomayor in 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 and asked her to officiate at his wedding . "  Beyond being a mentor to all of her clerks professionally , personally she has been a big part of our lives . " Sotomayor , a Princeton and Yale graduate , spent six years as a district judge and a decade on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . The letter came a day after leading Senate Republicans indicated that a filibuster of Sotomayor is unlikely , though they promised to not shy away from what they characterized as her troubling judicial record . Meanwhile , one of the Senate 's top Democrats , Chuck Schumer of New York , told ABC on Sunday , "  I think she 's virtually filibuster-proof when people learn her record and her story . " But the GOP leadership on Sunday 's political talk shows did not back away from criticizing Sotomayor . McConnell , the Senate minority leader , highlighted her controversial remark at a 2005 panel discussion at Duke University , where she told students that the federal Court of Appeals is where "  policy is made -LSB- and -RSB- where ... the law is percolating . " "  Those of us who are elected are supposed to make policy , but those of us who are appointed are supposed to apply the law , " McConnell said . In addition , Republicans criticized Sotomayor 's 2001 speech at the University of California at Berkeley , where she said she "  would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " "  It does trouble me to say that one type of old person versus another one is going to make a different or better decision , " Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , told CNN 's John King on "  State of The Union " on Sunday . The White House and other Democratic defenders of Sotomayor have said that her remarks have been taken out of context . Zornberg said criticism of Sotomayor 's remark was misguided . "  What it says to me is that a lot of people still do n't know her record , " she said . "  I view it as a comment that is taken out of context and that , read in context , really just says what many people acknowledge is totally noncontroversial , which is that that life experience is a benefit to the process of judging cases and decision-making , and that you do n't leave your life experience at the door , that diversity on the court is a good thing . " She added that , in her experience , Sotomayor "  sticks very closely to the rule of law . That 's the kind of judge she is . She 's moderate . " In his weekly radio address Saturday , President Obama warned Republicans not to play politics with Sotomayor 's nomination . "  There are ... some in Washington who are attempting to draw old battle lines and playing the usual political games , pulling a few comments out of context to paint a distorted picture of Judge Sotomayor 's record , " Obama said . "  No nominee should be seated without rigorous evaluation and hearing ; I expect nothing less . But what I hope is that we can avoid the political posturing and ideological brinksmanship that has bogged down this process , and Congress , in the past . " CNN 's Martina Stewart and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Letter to Senate leadership offers "  enthusiastic and wholehearted support " Endorsement signed by 45 of Supreme Court nominee 's 49 former law clerks Letter comes day after top Senate Republicans said filibuster of Sotomayor unlikely GOP keeps up criticism ; president calls for end to "  usual political games "
CNN  -- A man is accused of breaking into an Anchorage , Alaska , home over the weekend , sexually assaulting an elderly woman , killing her and her husband , and sexually assaulting the couple 's 2-year-old great-granddaughter before fleeing the scene in his boxer shorts . Jerry Andrew Active , 24 , was arrested about a block from the home . He was charged with first and second degree murder , sexual assault and burglary , said Anchorage Police Sgt. Slawomir Markiewicz . Active is being held on $ 1.5 million bond . Markiewicz said police were called to the home shortly before 8 p.m. Saturday . When they arrived , they found Touch Chea , 71 , and his wife , Sorn Sreap , 73 , dead , apparently due to blunt force trauma to the head and face , Markiewicz said . Autopsies are pending . Police also found in the home the couple 's great-granddaughter , who was sexually assaulted . Sreap had also been sexually assaulted , police said . "  I 've been in the homicide unit for the last eight years and it 's certainly one of the worst homicides we 've seen in our town , in our city , " Markiewicz told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin Monday night . The sergeant said the 2-year-old 's father told police that he and his wife , who is pregnant , lived in the home with their children -- ages 4 and 2 -- along with Chea , Sreap and another relative . They took their 4-year-old to the movies on Saturday , leaving their youngest in the care of the child 's great-grandparents . When they returned , the front door was locked and there was a chain on from the inside , blocking their way . The father was able to open the door a few inches and saw the bodies of Chea and Sreap on the floor . He broke a window , ran inside , yelled for someone to call 911 , and found the suspect naked with his 2-year-old , according to Markiewicz . A fight ensued , but police said Active pulled on his boxer shorts and escaped , albeit briefly . A 91-year-old relative , suffering from dementia , was also at home at the time of the attack . She was uninjured . The 2-year-old was taken to a medical facility that specializes in the treatment of sexual abuse . She underwent surgery for her injuries , Markiewicz said . Police believe the attack was random and that Active did not know the victims . Active had previously been convicted of sexual assault that involved an 11-year-old child , Markiewicz said . It was not immediately clear whether Active had retained an attorney .	Jerry Andrew Active , 24 , is being held on $ 1.5 million bond He is charged with murder , sexual assault and burglary Active was arrested about a block from where the alleged attack took place
Washington  CNN  -- The retired general who took charge of relief efforts in New Orleans , Louisiana , after Hurricane Katrina said Thursday that the U.S. military should have arrived in earthquake-devastated Haiti 24 hours earlier . "  The good Samaritans who moved early on the first day are to be applauded . They made a difference , " said Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , a CNN contributor . "  What we 've got to do now is get the heavy equipment in . I thought the U.S. military could have been there a day earlier . They 're on the ground now , and they have a brigade en route , and that 's going to make a big difference , " he said . Honore , best known for his management of the recovery efforts after the hurricane that killed about 2,000 people on the Gulf Coast , said "  time is of the essence " in helping quake survivors . Repairing the seaport at Port-au-Prince and keeping the airport open are key to bringing in equipment , food , water and medicine , Honore said . Regarding the airport , he said , "  You need to put the right commander there who 's going to be a battle captain and keep those aircraft flowing . You come in , you drop off what you have , you put the sick and wounded on and then move out . No one is standing any time on the airfield . You can be in and out in a half hour . " Speaking at the House Democratic Caucus Retreat later Thursday , Obama acknowledged the scrutiny focused on U.S. response . "  This is a time when the world looks to us and they say -- given our capacity , given our unique capacity to project power around the world -- that we have to project that not just for our own interests but for the interests of the world as a whole , " he said . "  And my national security team understands that I will not put up with any excuses for us not doing the very best in this time of tragedy . " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley defended the pace of the rescue . "  We are 40 hours into the crisis . In that time , we have reopened the airport and brought it up to 24/7 operations . We continue to look at the port facility , which will be critical to be able to bring in substantial amounts of aid , and we 're trying to figure out a strategy for how to function , " he said . "  We now have multiple search and rescue units on the ground . They 're already at work , " Crowley added . "  Logistics matter . You have an airport with a single runway . So we have things that are queued up . You 're going to see a significant increase in the flow , but there is a capacity issue , " he said . Airlines such as American , Delta , Jet Blue and United were helping provide assistance to the country in the form of free miles for its program members and seats for aid organizations . American was operating humanitarian flights , with three American Eagle aircraft flying 30,000 pounds of supplies into Haiti on Thursday . Three more such flights were planned Friday . American is also partnering with the American Red Cross by offering one-time awards of 250 or 500 bonus miles for donations . In the afternoon , the Federal Aviation Administration announced that Haiti had suspended flights into the Port-au-Prince airport because ramp space -- where aircraft are parked , unloaded , loaded , refueled or boarded -- was overcrowded . There also was no fuel , FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said . Several U.S. military units planned to depart from the United States for Haiti during the day , but it was unclear whether all would be able to do so . Among those apparently delayed was a battalion of more than 100 soldiers from the XVIII Airborne Corps based at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . They had planned to fly out Thursday afternoon . Paratroopers from the U.S. Army 's 82nd Airborne Division , also based at Fort Bragg , were on their way to Haiti , said Rajiv Shah , coordinator for U.S. assistance to the stricken area . He also is administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development . The 82nd was deployed to New Orleans in the aftermath of Katrina . The first of about 3,500 paratroopers were to board C-17 aircraft from Pope Air Force Base in North Carolina and arrive in Haiti before nightfall . On Friday , another 800 soldiers from the 82nd Airborne were to deploy . In all , the U.S. military has 329 people in Haiti , including a group that arrived Tuesday night to help open the airfield in Port-au-Prince , the commander of U.S. Southern Command said Thursday . The Southern Command , based in Miami , Florida , is leading the Department of Defense 's quake response . "  We 're working feverishly and aggressively to support and provide life-sustaining capability to the citizens of Haiti , " Air Force Gen. Douglas Fraser said . "  They 've suffered a great deal . " Offshore , four U.S. Coast Guard cutters and a destroyer were providing support , including helicopter support , he said . A disaster relief assessment team was surveying the area , and a battalion of paratroopers along with a command-and-control element from the 82nd Airborne arrived Thursday , he said . The aircraft carrier Carl Vinson is to arrive in Haiti on Friday morning , carrying 19 helicopters and 30 pallets of relief goods , he said . The carrier will help relief workers get around Haiti 's decimated infrastructure "  to get good where they need to be , " Fraser said . Within four days , 700 soldiers from the 82nd Airborne will be in Haiti , he said . Those numbers will swell considerably . On Tuesday , three more ships will arrive , carrying 2,200 Marines and heavy equipment , he said . By Saturday , 5,000 to 6,000 men and women dedicated to supporting the relief effort will be in Haiti , he said . And a week from Friday , the USNS Comfort , a hospital ship , is slated to arrive , he said . "  We are aggressively pursuing every action we can to provide relief to Haiti . " The ship is staffed by a crew of 64 and 560 hospital personnel . Rear Adm. Steve Branham , commander of the 7th Coast Guard District headquartered in Miami , said four Coast Guard cutters were in the area , each of them at least 210 feet in length and capable of carrying helicopters . Two more cutters capable of providing heavy-lift capability were en route , he said . Coast Guard aircraft were used Wednesday to move nine critically injured people from the U.S. Embassy in the capital to hospitals in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , he said . State Department Counselor Cheryl Mills said U.S. Ambassador to Haiti Ken Merten met Thursday with Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive to coordinate aid efforts . Responding to questions as to whether the United States was in charge in Haiti because of the lack of Haitian government capacity , Mills said , "  We have no intention of supplanting the leadership of Haiti . We actually see our role as ensuring that the leadership of Haiti is able to provide the leadership that the Haitian people properly expect them to provide . " The United States is providing support to the approximately 45,000 Americans in Haiti , only 300 of whom have expressed an interest in leaving the country , Mills said . Obama has promised $ 100 million in immediate American relief aid to Haiti , an amount the president said will grow . "  This is one of those moments that calls out for American leadership , " he said at the White House . "  One of the largest relief efforts in our recent history " is now en route to Haiti . The 7.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Tuesday afternoon was centered about 10 miles  15 km  southwest of Port-au-Prince , Haiti 's capital , which bore the brunt of the destruction . The port was demolished by the earthquake , which left huge chunks of concrete that blocked the road to truck and other traffic , CNN 's Chris Lawrence reported . Those trying to transfer supplies from ships to people who need them will face major hurdles , he said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States is providing security help to the the United Nations , which was "  equally devastated by the collapse of its headquarters " for its peacekeeping force in Haiti . As many as 150 of its personnel are missing . She said a contingent of 2,000 Marines will assist international peacekeepers helping to police Haiti , which has no army . Because the U.S. Embassy is one of the few structures that remains intact , it has become a point of support , providing medical assistance for Americans and Haitians who are able to reach it , Mills said . The United States has been trying to contact U.S. citizens in Haiti to see what they need , Mills said . Embassy families and nonessential personnel have been ordered to leave . CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this story .	NEW : Airlines offer miles for donations , seats on planes for aid organizations NEW : Obama says he will not put up with U.S. not doing "  the very best in this time of tragedy " Haiti suspends flights into Port-au-Prince airport because ramp space is overcrowded Several U.S. military units plan to go to Haiti , but it 's unclear whether all will be able to
CNN  -- The swollen Red River that forms the border between Minnesota and North Dakota crested near 40 feet in Fargo , North Dakota , a spokesman for the City of Fargo Fire Department said Sunday . The river is expected to remain swollen for the next few days , said spokesman Jesse Schmidt . Rain forecast for Sunday had raised flooding fears along the Red River , where recreational boating was barred in several counties . But the worst of the predictions seems not to have materialized . The area could get up to half an inch of rain Sunday , Schmidt said . The region usually has seasonal flooding after warm weather and rain melts snow in early spring . Officials in Moorhead , Minnesota , across the border from Fargo , also were coping with the flooding , a repeat from 2010 and 2009 . The Red River crested at nearly 41 feet in 2009 . Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , talked Saturday about improved levees and preparations . Still , she said , three people have died in Minnesota because of the flooding . "  This is a ferocious river , " Klobuchar said . "  We have to continue to be careful . " Other Minnesota officials talked about the need for more flood mitigation . The U.S. Coast Guard said one of its crews rescued rescued five people along the Red River Saturday -- one resident and four responders . In Cass County , north of Fargo , residents placed sandbags along flooded streams and roads and used all-terrain vehicles to reach their homes .	Seasonal flooding has hit communities in upper Midwest At least three people have died in Minnesota The U.S. Coast Guard says it rescued five people
CNN  It would have made Thomas Jefferson proud . Established on the birthday of the American founding father , Liberland -- the world 's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be . A tiny , 7 square-kilometer parcel of land , marked on maps as Gornja Siga , its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia . The victim of a border dispute between Serbia and Croatia , it is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man 's land . No one lives on this patch of land , which is heavily forested and contains only badly-maintained access roads and a run-down house , abandoned for decades . This is where Euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka stepped in . On April 13 he planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory , declaring the area the Free Republic of Liberland -- a tiny sliver of a country , bigger only than the Vatican and Monaco . He tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 and is inviting , through the media , the world 's heads of state to attend a formal ceremony marking the presumptive nation 's birth . He says that he will also invite 7,500 of the 300,000 applicants that applied to become citizens of Liberland to the ceremony , where he will grant them citizenship . "  I will grant citizenship if they can make it to the party , " he told CNN by phone . "  It 's short notice but a good challenge , and also for the presidents  and other heads of state  if they can make it to the founding of our country . " Jedlicka , an active member of the Czech Republic 's Party of Free Citizens , opposes excessive government interference . He says his attempts to enact change in his home country led him to the political experiment that is Liberland . "  I would describe it as a global revolution . It 's just the beginning , " he tells CNN via Skype . Founded on staunchly libertarian principles -- its motto is "  To live and let live " -- its website describes its system of governance as being a "  constitutional republic with elements of direct democracy . " It will use a form of cryptocurrency -- similar to Bitcoin -- as its national currency , bypassing the need for a central bank and will , according to its constitution , keep government 's noses out of everything possible , from the banks to prostitution . "  Liberland prides itself on personal and economic freedom of its people , which is guaranteed by the Constitution , which significantly limits the power of politicians so they could not interfere too much in the freedoms of the Liberland nation , " the world 's newest constitutional document states . Financial regulation will be minimal , if at all present . Jedlicka says almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have been received , about 20 of which have been accepted . "  Thousands of Americans , Swiss people . Also a lot of Arabic peoples who feel oppressed by the regimes there . " He envisions , ultimately , a community of around 35,000 Liberlanders , not all of whom will be full-time residents . He says he expects trouble from his neighbors , whose land he has effectively annexed . "  From Serbia , Croatia , we expect some trouble but we expect international laws will applied and any movement against us would be an attack on a sovereign nation , and we will offer nothing but passive resistance . For now ,  though  we will make roads , docks . " For its part , the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a statement to CNN that stated that Liberland would not theoretically impinge upon its border , which is delineated by the Danube , but "  the Ministry also considers this a frivolous act which needs no further comment . " Croatia 's counterpart was similarly dismissive . "  Virtual quips , however interesting they occasionally sound , remain what they are -- virtual quips , and for them we have no official comment . "	Vit Jedlicka , the first president of Liberland , tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 On April 13 , Jedlicka declared an area between Croatia and Serbia "  the Free Republic of Liberland " Jedlicka says that almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have so far been received
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Marching in dramatic silence , many with tape over their mouths , hundreds of thousands of Iranians kept alive public support for opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi Wednesday even as the government stepped up efforts to thwart daily protests calling for a new presidential election . Supporters of defeated reformist candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi line the streets of Tehran Wednesday . Large crowds gathered in Haft-e-Tir Square in central Tehran Wednesday evening for a fifth day of protests , according to witnesses . The demonstrators are demanding that officials throw out the results of the balloting Friday that kept hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in power . More protests are expected Thursday after Moussavi , in a message on his Web site , called for an afternoon "  ceremony of mourning , " which he planned to attend . Referring to those who have died or been wounded "  as a result of illegal and violent clashes " with his opponents , Moussavi urged people to gather in mosques and holy sites and wear "  mourning symbols " in a show of sympathy and support for the families . The protests have claimed at least eight lives , according to Iran 's government-funded Press TV . The eighth death was included in a report the Intelligence Ministry provided to parliament Wednesday , the network said . View a map of major rallies in Tehran " The National Security and Foreign Policy Commission of the Iranian Majlis briefed lawmakers "  about the current situation in the country , " Press TV reported . No details of the report have been made public . Iran is also investigating reports of violence at a Tehran University dormitory in the wake of rallies sparked by last week 's disputed election . Moussavi and former President Mohammad Khatami sent a joint letter asking Iran 's courts to quell post-election violence and release protesters who have been arrested . The letter , posted on Moussavi 's Web site , said , "  the use of violence against ordinary people , raiding people 's residences just because they chant the sacred phrase of Allh-o-akbar  Allah is great  , beating up women and men , destroying buildings " is not in line with the standards of the Islamic Republic . For a second day Wednesday , pro-Moussavi marchers urged their peers to march silently -- perhaps as a way of keeping a low profile in the face of riot police , witnesses told CNN . Protesters held placards and posters reading , "  Where is my vote ? " and "  Freedom , " the witnesses said . Some held signs that said "  Silence " and put their finger to their lips . Several business owners reported that they closed up shop early so their employees could attend Wednesday 's rally . The government cracked down by banning international media from covering the protests and blocking access to Web sites . Watch Christiane Amanpour on media restrictions " A CNN iReporter who is not being identified said Wednesday 's rally ended without incident . "  The people of Iran are finally fed up with the lies , the temperament , the foolish actions of Ahmadinejad , " a 20-year-old Iranian man told CNN . Authorities in Tehran transported dozens of protesters to jail Tuesday and blocked access to social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook . The government accused international reporters of being the "  mouthpiece " of "  hooligans " who have created unrest , and said it could not guarantee the safety of those reporters .  Full story "  I do believe them because the militia , they do n't care who you are . If they see a camera , you will be a target , " said a CNN producer who is not being identified for his safety . He was referring to the Basij , a volunteer paramilitary force that takes its orders from the Revolutionary Guard and is suspected of being behind most of the violent acts . Citizens were barred from using typical means of getting Iran 's stories to the outside world , but amateur videos and photos blossomed on sites such as YouTube and CNN 's iReport . The content was impossible to verify in most cases , and much of it was posted anonymously or through third parties , some with little information . iReport.com : On the ground in Iran Iran 's Revolutionary Guard corps said it will pursue legal action against Web sites that it said were inciting people to riot . The Guard , a military unit that enforces the government 's Islamic codes and morality , blamed U.S. , British and Canadian companies , including American intelligence agencies , for financially and technically supporting the Web sites . Despite the Guard 's threats , defiant Moussavi backers stood firm . "  We are fighting with our lives and the world is just watching , " said Ali , a Tehran University student who requested his last name not be used . "  They see how the government is trying to silence us , how they are beating us -- but they do n't come to our help . It 's OK . We will succeed , even if we have to fight alone . " Though the focus of demonstrations has been in Tehran , reports of protests and violence sprouted in all corners of Iran . Human rights group Amnesty International , which is monitoring the situation through media reports and a network of local correspondents , said people had protested in Tabriz and Bobol in the north , Shiraz in the south and Mashad and Zahedan in the east . It reported several deaths in Oroumiye and Shiraz as well as beatings by police , use of tear gas and the detention of hundreds of protesters . A video on CNN 's iReport site by a third party showed several people who apparently had been shot , purportedly in the city of Esfahan , about 200 miles south of Tehran , and others attempting to treat them without medical supplies . In Shiraz , 28-year-old Najmeh said she has taken to the streets every day since Saturday -- much to the chagrin of her worried parents . But Wednesday , the hospital nurse said no more . "  The police are everywhere you look , " she said . "  They hurt and arrested so many people last night that no one wants to go out . " Thousands of miles away , members of Iran 's national soccer team sported green arm and wrist bands Wednesday during their World Cup qualifying match against South Korea . The team does not normally wear bands of green , the venerated color of Islam that has been adopted by Moussavi supporters , and many Iranians viewed the gesture as a sign of support , although that has not been confirmed .  Full story Meanwhile , the Swiss ambassador to Iran -- the protecting power of the U.S. in Iran -- was called into the Iranian Foreign Ministry on Wednesday to hear Iranian complaints regarding U.S. interference in Iran 's election process , P.J. Crowley , assistant secretary of state for public affairs , told reporters in Washington . U.S. President Barack Obama has voiced "  deep concerns " about the elections , as has the European Union . But neither has dismissed the election results outright . Counter-demonstrations by Ahmadinejad backers have also drawn thousands , reflecting a deep fissure in the country . Iran 's all-powerful leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , appealed to the citizenry to stand behind the Islamic republic . He is to deliver a sermon Friday that will be closely watched for a sign of how the government plans to resolve the stalemate . On Tuesday , Khamenei -- who has given his blessing to the election results -- asked the country 's election authority , the Guardian Council , to recount some of the votes . But Moussavi is asking for fresh elections . CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah in Tehran , and Mitra Mobasherat and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta , contributed to this report .	Thousands protest in Tehran in support of opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi Iranian elite military warns of legal action against social networking Web sites Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei urges Iranians to stand behind republic
WEST MEMPHIS , Arkansas  CNN  -- They are known as the "  West Memphis Three " -- young men who were arrested as teens and convicted of a triple killing with occult overtones that chills this working-class Mississippi River town to this day . Jessie Misskelley implicated his co-defendants and could be paroled someday . Defense attorneys for death row inmate Damien Echols say they have uncovered forensic evidence that could spare their client 's life and help clear his co-defendants as well . In the spring of 1993 , three 8-year-old boys were found murdered in a drainage ditch not far from their homes . Their hands and feet were tied with their shoelaces . And at the time it was thought to be an occult killing involving sexual abuse and mutilation . Watch doubts cast in gruesome case " A month after the bodies were found , three teenagers -- Echols , who was 18 at the time , Jessie Misskelley , then 17 , and Jason Baldwin , then 16 -- were charged with the boys ' murders . They were convicted a year later after a trial that featured testimony about satanic rituals and heavy metal music . Misskelley is the only one given a chance at parole . The case has long had its doubters , and it has been the subject of books and documentaries . The West Memphis Three have a following of celebrity activists . In court papers filed last week , attorneys for Echols stated that -- even with DNA testing unavailable in 1993 -- they have uncovered no forensic evidence tying the three to the murders of Christopher Byers , Steven Branch and James Michael Moore . But DNA that might belong to two other men was found in hairs found at the crime scene , the documents state . The slayings of the three Cub Scouts struck fear deep in the heart of a community , and some people say that fear led to a rush to arrest and convict . "  It was hysteria . Everyone was concerned . Everyone started bringing their children in , " said Ron Lax , who has worked the case as a private investigator for the defense since 1993 . "  They were convinced there were monsters loose , devil worshipers , Satanists , " he recalled . "  It was like the community was relieved when the arrests were made because the big , bad boogeyman had been caught . " "  I 'm not sure Perry Mason could have got those boys off , " said Gerald Skahan , a member of Damien Echols ' defense team . The convictions followed , in part , as a result of statements by Misskelley . The reliability of his words has long been called into question . Misskelley , who is "  borderline retarded , " Lax said , "  had a very difficult time keeping the story straight -- even with the help of police . " Misskelley 's father , Jessie Misskelley Sr. , maintained police forced his son to make the confession . "  My son is innocent , " he said . In their court papers , Echols ' defense team pointed out that there is no physical evidence linking the three men convicted to the three boys slain . No hairs , no fibers , and not a shred of DNA . "  We are saying is that there 's no credible evidence that links any of these defendants to the crime , " said Dennis Riordan , San Francisco-based defense attorney . Riordan said a team of seven forensic scientists has reviewed the autopsy results , photographs and trial testimony . As part of a 200-plus page filing , the experts concluded there was no evidence of sexual abuse or any type of satanic killing . They also found that the injuries on the bodies of the boys -- which prosecutors called mutilation -- actually were caused by animals after the boys were killed . Echols ' lawyers maintained that it 's not their job to solve the crime , only to show that their client was n't involved . But the defense team said two hairs found at the crime scene could belong to one of the victim 's stepfathers and the man 's friend . "  The new DNA evidence is that one hair that was found in the ligature of the shoelaces that bound Michael Moore is consistent with the DNA of Terry Hobbs , who is the father of Stevie Branch , " Lax told CNN . He continued : "  Another hair that had been found at the crime scene , which had been unidentified for all these years , has just recently been tested . And the DNA on that hair is consistent with the DNA of David Jacoby . David Jacoby is a good friend or was a good friend of Terry Hobbs , and Terry Hobbs was at his house just that afternoon and evening . " While David Jacoby did not return CNN 's calls , Hobbs ' attorney , Ross Sampson , told CNN it 's possible his client 's hair was found at the scene . "  It was naturally transferred ; it was a child that lived with him , " Sampson said . "  Mr. Hobbs had absolutely nothing to do with the death of his own stepson or the two other individuals in this matter , " Sampson stated . Hobbs spoke with CNN . He said the new suspicions are hurtful to him . "  It 's hard as a parent to live with the loss of your home , of your wife , your family and then to have your friends and neighbors look at you and think , ` Is there something else there ? ' That hurts , " he said . State prosecutor Brent Davis would not comment on the case and his office referred calls to the Arkansas attorney general . "  While the State will look at the new allegations and evidence objectively , it stands behind the conviction of Mr. Echols and that of his codefendants and does not anticipate a reversal of the juries ' verdicts , " Gabe Holmstrom , spokesperson for Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel , said in a written statement . West Memphis Police Chief Bob Paudert was not working in the town when the murders took place . But he did n't rule out further investigation . "  If we 're told to look into it we will . If they have DNA evidence that would give evidence that these three did not commit that crime , I would want to see it absolutely . I 'm the first to say that if they have evidence to free those three I would support it 100 percent . " In the meantime , Echols , Misskelley and Baldwin wait in jail , hoping to one day be free men . The families of the victims grieve . A town still hopes to some day recover . And new questions in this old case continue to go unanswered . E-mail to a friend	Defense says new evidence includes hairs that could tie two others to crime Police chief says he 'll take another look at case if court asks Appeal filed last week in federal court Damien Echols is on death row ; others serving life sentences
For the second consecutive year , CNN International won the coveted ` Cable & Satellite Channel of the Year ' at the 2014 Asian Television Awards in Singapore on Thursday . It was also named ` Cable & Satellite Network of the Year ' . The network took home five awards in total . The Best News Program title went to CNN flagship program News Stream . Hosted by CNN anchor Kristie Lu Stout in Hong Kong and produced by Ravi Hiranand , News Stream is a daily hard-news show that uses technology and social media to give viewers a deeper understanding of the day 's top stories . Kristie Lu Stout was also awarded Best Current Affairs Presenter . The anchor and correspondent is among the network 's most popular Asia-based faces , and also fronts CNN 's monthly On China show . Lu Stout has also led coverage of major breaking news stories for CNN , most recently covering the ` Umbrella Movement ' pro-democracy protests from the heart of Hong Kong . This is the second Asian Television Award for Lu Stout during her 14 years with CNN International . The CNN Freedom Project : Every Day in Cambodia , which exposed the horrors of child sex trafficking , was awarded Best Documentary Series . CNN 's investigation , spearheaded by human rights activist and Academy Award-winning actress Mira Sorvino , uncovered an underground system specializing in the sale of pre-pubescent girls . In the gripping documentary , CNN followed the story of three girls sold into sex slavery as ` virgins ' by their own mothers . Every Day in Cambodia is part of the CNN Freedom Project initiative , which has been honored extensively for its ongoing efforts to bring modern-day slavery to an end . Executive Vice President and Managing Director of CNN International , Tony Maddox , said : "  After an extraordinary 12-month news cycle , it 's an absolute honor to receive these awards and be recognized by our peers for the work we do . "  To be named both Cable & Satellite Channel of the Year plus Cable & Satellite Network of the Year is truly remarkable , and is a testament to the dedication and talent of our teams in Asia and around the globe . Kristie Lu Stout and the News Stream team live and breathe news , and are always willing to go the extra mile to tell the stories that matter . It 's great to see that passion recognized in this way . "  I am also proud the CNN Freedom Project has been recognized again . Human trafficking is a shameful trade that must be stopped . At CNN we will continue to use the full range of our international resources to track and champion the story . " CNN International earlier this year won an award for its Typhoon Haiyan coverage as well as being crowned News Channel of the Year at the Royal Television Society Awards .	CNN International wins Cable & Satellite Network of the Year at Asian TV Awards , and 4 other awards Best News Program went to CNN 's News Stream , hosted by Kristie Lu Stout CNN Freedom Project was awarded the Best Documentary Series
Notre Dame , Indiana  CNN  -- The crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Syria has resulted in at least 3,500 deaths . The United Nations Security Council should immediately request that all charges of crimes against humanity in Syria be referred to the International Criminal Court . If the claims of gross misconduct by the Arab League and many national governments are correct , then something definitive would finally be done . And if the accusations prove to be wrong , as the Syrian government claims , then the court would confirm that . The Security Council needs to act because the court lacks jurisdiction to investigate on its own , since Syria has refused to join the court . But with Security Council authorization , the legal door opens for a full-fledged investigation that could reach President Bashar al-Assad himself and , if warranted , indict those accused of responsibility for mass murder . Russian and Chinese officials , who feel they were taken advantage of by NATO countries when they expanded the Security Council authorization of a no-fly zone for civilian protection in Libya into a military effort to overthrow Moammar Gadhafi 's government , have resisted taking strong action against Syria . To encourage them to support a council referral of atrocities to the court , a U.N. resolution could explicitly take international military action against Syria off the table . This would also reassure members of the Arab League who oppose external military intervention even though some want Assad to resign . To obtain that reassurance , the Arab League simultaneously could ask the Security Council to refer alleged Syrian crimes to the court , while also underscoring its disapproval of the Syrian government 's violation of its agreement with the Arab League to stop atrocities . An investigation by the international court could produce many benefits . It might deter heinous crimes , because Syrian officials would know that the world is now watching and ready to take legal action . If indictments resulted from the investigations , they would discredit any Syrian officials who refused to stand trial , even if arrests of indictees could not be made in the immediate future . If Assad were indicted , this would add strength to the claim of those arguing that he should step down . Indictments would encourage and empower democratic forces within Syria , while also helping to keep protesters nonviolent , thereby discouraging the kind of civil war that occurred in Libya . A Security Council referral might even put pressure on Damascus to accept a proposal being advanced by some in the Arab League to deploy 400 to 500 observers throughout Syria from a coalition of 16 Arab human rights organizations . Of course , Assad might refuse to allow them into Syria , fearing that they might find evidence useful for prosecutions . However , if he refused the Arab League offer to observe what is going on , that refusal would undermine his claim that officials are doing nothing illegal . Finally , a swift Security Council referral would place the killings of several thousand people and the question of wrongful conduct precisely where they should be : in a legal framework where the conduct of officials and others is judged against well-established international laws that few dispute . Such a move , in tandem with European Union economic sanctions already taken to freeze the assets of 74 Syrians and an expanding oil and possibly arms embargo , would reduce the likelihood of violence among Syrians themselves , discourage external military intervention and enable the council to honor its charter obligation to take responsibility for preventing armed conflict . An indictment could even produce a humanitarian consequence for an accused official . This is suggested by events surrounding Gadhafi 's son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , whom the court indicted because of suspected abuses of civilians in the Libyan revolution . He and any accused Syrian officials might prefer going to The Hague to face their legal fate rather than run the risks of a more violent destiny closer to home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert C. Johansen .	Crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Syria has resulted in at least 3,500 deaths It 's time to refer Syria 's leaders to International Criminal Court , Robert C. Johansen says U.N. Security Council must act because court lacks jurisdiction to investigate , he says Johansen : Indictments would encourage and empower democratic forces within Syria
Paris , France  CNN  -- Investigators seeking the cause of the mysterious crash of an Air France jet last year have significantly narrowed the area they are searching to find the wreckage , a top official said . Air France Flight 447 crashed into deep Atlantic waters on June 1 , killing all 228 people aboard . Most of the bodies -- and the flight 's data recorders -- have never been recovered , despite extensive searches of the ocean floor . But the French air accident investigation agency , the BEA , is still hopeful , its head , Jean-Paul Troadec , told CNN on Wednesday . "  We have determined a much smaller area which is about one-tenth of the previous area " being searched , he said . Investigators still do not know what brought down the plane , who was at the controls when it crashed , or what the pilots did in the moments leading up to the disaster , according to their latest report , released in December . But if they can locate the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , they should be able to determine the circumstances "  very quickly , some weeks after the readout of the recorders , " Troadec said Wednesday . The problem is that the plane went down in extremely deep water with enormous underwater mountains . "  The area is very badly known , " Troadec said , adding that ocean currents have not been mapped in the region , making it "  difficult to analyze the trajectory of the debris . "  We are in the middle of nowhere , " he said . Two vessels , one American and one Norwegian , will trawl about 2,000 square kilometers in the latest phase of the search , which will last four weeks , he said . That 's down from about 17,000 square kilometers in the initial hunt last year . "  So , of course , it 's much more easy to try to find the recorders , " he said . Troadec said his agency is determined to press on with the hunt , even as the investigation threatens to become the most expensive in air accident history . "  We have to perform this new phase because it 's the only chance we have to explain this accident , " he said . Patricia Coakley , whose husband , Arthur , died in the crash , said she does n't need to know the cause of the disaster . "  It was an accident . No matter what , it 's not going to help me . ... Because it 's not going to bring him back , is it ? " she said . Flight 447 -- an Airbus A330 -- went down in stormy weather in the Atlantic Ocean while flying from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris , France . Some debris and bodies have been recovered , and an examination shows the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact , officials have said . Automated messages sent from the plane in the minutes before the crash showed there were problems measuring airspeed , the investigators said in December . But that alone was not enough to cause the disaster , they added . Tests have already brought into question the performance of pitot tubes , which measure the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . Before it crashed , Flight 447 sent out 24 automated error messages that suggested the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through thunderstorms , officials have said . The European Aviation Safety Agency issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s . It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich . CNN 's Claire Boube , Niki Cook and Don Riddell contributed to this report .	Not known : what brought down the plane , who was at controls , what pilots did Plane went down in extremely deep water with enormous underwater mountains Plane hit water belly first , essentially intact , officials have said Airbus A330s , A340s under directive in August to replace pitot tubes by Thales Avionics
CNN  -- Order has been restored in South Sudan after fighting that left about 500 people dead , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Wednesday . Government forces are now in charge of the situation , and flights have resumed at Juba International Airport , the ministry said . The United Nations , however , is warning that the crisis is not over . Joseph Contreras , U.N. acting spokesman on South Sudan , said , "  It is a very , very fluid situation , so I do n't think the country is out of the woods yet . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also spoke Tuesday of being "  deeply concerned " about South Sudan . "  There is a risk of this violence spreading to other states , and we have already seen some signs of this , " Ban said . Meanwhile , the South Sudanese government said its forces are in "  absolute control of the situation " and that Sunday 's coup attempt was not based on ethnic divisions but rather on "  the power ambitions " of the coup plotters . About 800 more people have been wounded in the violence , Information Minister Michael Makuei Lueth said earlier . He said bodies are still being found in forests and many of those who were wounded are dying in hospitals . Deadly clashes in Africa 's newest nation began Sunday evening . President Salva Kiir later said his forces had halted a coup attempt . U.N. officials have expressed deep concern about the unrest , saying between 15,000 and 20,000 people have taken shelter in the organization 's compounds in the capital , Juba . "  There are many , many people who have run away , and there are also people who have been killed , " one woman who fled the fighting said . "  Now there is a woman who has a baby who was shot in the back and died . " In Bor , a town 87 miles north of Juba , the South Sudan Red Cross reported 19 civilians were killed , said U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky . Meanwhile , about 800 people gathered at a U.N. camp in Bor to seek protection , he added . Gunfire was still ringing out in Juba as recently as Tuesday . But Makuei said Wednesday the situation in the city had returned to normal , with people returning to work , flights resuming and government offices opening . He said the rebels who have clashed with government forces had moved closer to the Nile River . Fears of ethnic tensions U.N. officials have said they are worried the recent fighting is based on ethnic divisions . Makuei disputed that suggestion , saying people from different states and tribes rose up against the government , which is now fighting back . In a televised address Monday , Kiir blamed soldiers loyal to his sacked deputy , Riek Machar , for starting the fighting Sunday evening . Ten people were arrested in connection with the foiled coup and five others are still at large , according to a statement posted Tuesday on the South Sudan government website . Those five include Machar , the government said on its Twitter account . U.N. leader Ban spoke with Kiir by phone Tuesday , expressing his concern about the fighting . "  I spoke to President Salva Kiir yesterday morning , urging him to do everything possible he can to end the violence and to ensure respect for human rights and the rule of law , " Ban told reporters in New York on Wednesday . "  I also impressed on him the need to resume dialogue with the political opposition . I welcome the reports this morning that President Salva Kiir is willing to enter into such talks . " He urged "  all parties to cease hostilities immediately " and called on the government to "  exercise restraint in the management of the situation and to guarantee the protection of all civilians regardless of their ethnicities , " the United Nations said . Medical crisis The International Committee of the Red Cross has said it is providing Juba 's two major hospitals with support , such as wound-dressing materials , to cope with the heavy influx of patients . More than 300 people have been admitted to Juba Teaching Hospital and Juba Military Hospital over the past two days , the organization said Tuesday . "  We know there are more people who need care , but they are having difficulty reaching health care facilities because of the security situation and the lack of available transportation , " Felicity Gapes , a Red Cross delegate leading the medical response on the ground , said in a prepared statement . The State Department said U.S. citizens in South Sudan should leave immediately and ordered the departure of nonemergency U.S. government personnel from the country . In a tweet , the U.S. Mission in Juba said an evacuation flight for Wednesday was full . With a dusk-to-dawn curfew in effect , it said the airport would close at 5.30 p.m. locally . Britain 's Foreign Office announced the temporary withdrawal of some embassy staff and dependents . Kiir 's dismissal of his Cabinet in July further inflamed deep tensions between his Dinka community and Machar 's Nuer community . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 after a referendum , following decades of conflict . Numerous armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . Britain 's minister for Africa , Mark Simmonds , urged leaders on all sides to end hostilities and for civilians to be protected . "  After years of conflict , the people of South Sudan expect their leaders to resolve their differences through political , instead of military , means , " he said in a prepared statement . "  Unless there is restraint from all sides it will be impossible to move the country further towards true national reconciliation . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Nana Karikari-apau , Khushbu Shah and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. leader says South Sudan violence shows "  some signs " of spreading NEW : South Sudan Red Cross reports 19 killed in Bor , U.N. says NEW : U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon urges president to end the violence that has killed 500 NEW : South Sudan government must resume dialogue with opposition , Ban adds
CNN  -- You might not have heard of him yet but you might well soon . Jordan Spieth had thought he 'd be back in school studying hard -- now he 's on his way to compete against the world 's best at the British Open . The 19-year-old is ready to take on the world 's best at Muirfield , Scotland after becoming the youngest winner on the PGA Tour in 82 years following his success at the John Deere Classic Sunday . Spieth , who turns 20 in a fortnight , won a fifth hole playoff to see off David Hearn and former Masters champion Zach Johnson . The U.S. star is the first teenager to win a PGA title since Ralph Guldhal won the Santa Monica Open in 1931 . Plan "  A year ago we had just won a national championship , and I thought I 'd be back at school right now , " he told reporters after being informed that Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson and Rory McIlroy all had to wait until the age of 20 to win their first PGA event . "  I had a plan . I guess the plan got exceeded . "  I wanted to just earn my Tour card for next year this year somehow . "  Now to be able to have it for a couple of years and to be able to have an exemption to Augusta  and  all the stuff that comes with it . "  It has n't hit me yet , and it will , but I 'm just happy to go compete with those guys mentioned . " History Only last April , Chinese teenager Guan Tianlang made history after making the cut at The Masters at the age of 14 years and five months . But age is not a factor for Spieth -- not in his mind anyway . "  I do n't think of my age as my age , " he added . "  I just think of playing and competing with these guys as my peers . The guys in this event , each week , week to week , I do n't think of myself as younger than them . " His success has fired him up to 59th in the world rankings , while he has also secured invitations to The Open , the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational , PGA Championship , next year 's Hyundai Tournament of Champions and the Masters . A check for $ 820,000 came following a tense putt at the 18th green on the fifth hole of a playoff much to his delight as he booked his place at Muirfield . He added : "  I just got so lucky . That 's what it is . But right now I 'm extremely pleased , and a little worried about only having short sleeves going to Scotland . "	U.S. teenager Jordan Spieth is the new kid on the block Spieth is youngest winner on PGA Tour in 82 years after John Deere Classic success The 19-year-old will compete at the British Open this week Victory moves Spieth up to 59th in the world and secures invites to major tournaments
CNN  -- With the one-track mind of a 6-year-old , Logan interrogated his mother , Jenny Spencer . Why are the other moms skinnier than you ? he asked at the park . If you took weight loss pills , would you be skinny ? he wondered during a TV infomercial . Spencer brushed off his questions . He was 6 and curious about the world around him . She was exhausted , trying to care for two young boys and her husband , who had chronic health issues . Her own health had fallen to the bottom of the to-do list . But Logan 's last question hit her like , well , the elephant in the room . If you got skinny , would you be able to play with me ? "  My heart broke , " Spencer wrote on iReport . "  And from that moment forward , I began the transformation into a healthier lifestyle for my children . " When Spencer stepped on the scale in June 2012 , the number 200 came as no surprise . More than a dozen people had asked her over the past few years whether she was pregnant . Two had rubbed her belly when there was no baby at all . The extra weight caused pain in Spencer 's hips when she walked , and the doctor warned that she was on the verge of type 2 diabetes . She had tried dieting after her second son , Brody , was born . Weight Watchers helped her drop 10 pounds , but she quickly gained 20 back . Her sister , "  a health nut , " encouraged her to try different cleanses . All left her feeling like a failure . She was depressed , anxious and overwhelmed . "  You know , I started every Monday dreaming I could change my life , " Spencer remembered . "  It was nearly a decade of that . " Logan 's question made her realize she was missing her sons ' lives -- and her own . Spencer started counting calories , keeping her daily total under 1,500 . She also began going on short walks around the block and parked her car in the farthest spot from the grocery store door . A few months later , Spencer and her husband separated . But instead of using food to cope with the rush of emotions as she once would have , Spencer turned to exercise . "  I used that as more motivation to stay healthy for the boys , " she said . "  My goodness , if I 'm going to have to do this on my own and be an example for them , I have to be strong . " Working out was difficult at first ; the pain in her hips prevented her from moving very far , very fast . But over time she joined a walking club at work and started strength training one or two days a week . She focused on losing just 5 pounds at a time , because the thought of losing 60 pounds to reach a healthy BMI was intimidating . Reaching each smaller goal inspired her to keep going . By March 2013 , she had lost 64 pounds . "  When you 're that heavy , you feel like you 've lost hope , " Spencer said . "  When you finally reach your goal , it 's the most amazing thing . " Every Sunday , the Spencer family goes on a 10-mile bike ride near their home in Aurora , Colorado . They eat no-sugar cereal and skim milk for breakfast , Lean Cuisine meals or veggie smoothies for lunch , and lean protein with vegetables and brown rice for dinner . Water is Spencer 's "  secret weapon . " Her diet has become a lifestyle . She 's careful about what she eats but allows herself treats in moderation . Deprivation is not the way to keep the weight off , she knows . Spencer 's energy is up , and her pain is gone . But the happiness she feels ca n't compare to the joy on her sons ' faces when she joins them on the playground . "  I am able to take my kiddos to the park and actually play with them instead of sitting on the sidelines . "	Jenny Spencer put her health on the back burner while caring for two kids and her husband Spencer 's son asked a question that made her realize she was missing out on life She reached her goal weight in March and has maintained her 64-pound loss
CNN  -- Sugar lovers may have to face a bitter truth : The less sugar added to foods for typical people , the better are their blood-fat profiles and the lower are their cardiovascular risks , a study to be published Wednesday concludes . "  We found that the lower the amount of added sugar people ate , the better their good cholesterol and their blood triglyceride levels , " said co-author Dr. Miriam B. Vos , assistant professor of pediatrics at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , and author of "  The No-Diet Obesity Solution for Kids . " Unfortunately for dessert lovers , the converse is true . Increased sugars are associated with important cardiovascular disease risk factors , according to the report . The authors cited lower levels of HDL-C , which is sometimes referred to as the good cholesterol , and higher levels of triglycerides . The study , to be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , highlights a trend some nutritionists consider disturbing : In recent years , the typical American 's diet has increasingly incorporated added sugars . The authors defined them as "  caloric sweeteners used by the food industry and consumers as ingredients in processed or prepared foods to increase the desirability of those foods . " Data from the mid-1990s show that 15.8 percent of the typical American 's diet was composed of added sugar -- 21.4 teaspoons or 359 calories per day . That 's up from 10.6 percent in 1977-1978 . Added sugars have been linked to obesity , diabetes and tooth decay . The researchers studied 6,113 adults enrolled in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey . Interviewers called them and asked what they had eaten the previous day , then estimated the total added sugar in each person 's diet . Participants were then separated into groups : Those who got less than 5 percent of total calories from added sugar ; 5 percent to less than 10 percent ; 10 percent to less than 17.5 percent ; 17.5 percent to less than 25 percent ; and 25 percent or more . Those in the highest-consuming added sugar group eat about 46 teaspoons of added sugar per day , the study said . Those who consumed more added sugar tended to be younger , non-Latino blacks with low income , it said . The report says 18.5 percent of Americans get at least 25 percent of their calories from added sugar . The strongest relationship between added sugar and blood fats was found in values for HDL-C , which fell from 58.7 mg/dl for those who ate the least added sugar to 47.7 mg/dl for those who ate the most . A higher HDL-C level is associated with a lower cardiovascular risk . Among some blood fats linked to higher cardiovascular risk , the converse was true : Triglyceride levels went from 105 mg/dl in the group that ate the least sugar to 114 mg/dl in the group that ate the most . The so-called bad cholesterol , LDL-C , went from 116 mg/dl for women who ate the least sugar to 123 mg/dl for women who ate the most . There were no significant trends for LDL-C among men . The authors concluded that their data support dietary guidelines that aim to cut consumption of added sugar . But those guidelines are all over the map . The Institute of Medicine recommends no more than 25 percent of total energy from added sugars ; the World Health Organization recommends less than 10 percent ; and the American Heart Association has recently advised no more than 100 calories per day for women and 150 calories per day for men , which works out to about 5 percent . "  What it really means is we have to go back to things like whole grains and vegetables and fruit and eat things in moderation in order to be healthy , " Vos said . "  Plus , a good healthy dose of activity . " But the study compiled data based on a single day 's consumption , and it was not clear whether that day was representative of other days , she said . "  We do n't know that all of the people had their usual diet the day before , " she said . "  There are always some weaknesses in that kind of data . " Carbohydrates have been linked for decades to abnormal blood fat levels , "  but a big contemporary issue is added sugars , " said Dr. Frank Sacks , professor of nutrition at Harvard School of Public Health in Boston , Massachusetts . Vos ' study "  fills in a gap in the science base . " The study will likely be discussed next month when the American Heart Association takes up the matter of added sugars at its meeting in Washington , he said . "  We just overeat too damn much , " he said . "  What this study is saying is that , for some groups -- especially young people , black , poor -- sugar is just way too big a proportion of their intake . " "  The real truth is that we 're supposed to eat a balanced diet , less processed food , " said Carla Wolper , a nutritionist at the Obesity Research Center at St. Luke 's Hospital in New York and assistant professor at Columbia University 's Eating Disorders Center . Wolper praised the study for its size and careful construction . But Dr. Richard K. Bernstein , a diabetes specialist based in Mamaroneck , New York , was unimpressed . "  This is just one more study showing that carbohydrates create abnormal lipid profiles , " he said .	Added sugar is associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors , study finds Study : Lower added-sugar consumption linked to better levels of good cholesterol Study to be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association Those who ate more added sugar tended to be low-income , younger non-Latino blacks
Entertainment Weekly  -- Once upon a time -- oh , let 's just call it North America in the mid - '90s , shall we ? -- Weezer and Alanis Morissette were an inescapable part of the cultural landscape , churning out buoyant rock-radio hits  Weezer  , wordy , eccentric anthems  Alanis  , and MTV-friendly videos  both  with impressive consistency . Alanis Morissette struggled to find a way to stay current after her last album failed to do well . Each act 's follow-ups , however , have failed to yield quite the success of their initial impact . So how , in the face of a never-ending rush of fresh industry blood , does an already established act stay relevant ? For Morissette , the answer on new CD "  Flavors of Entanglement " seems to lie , for better or worse , in going through a really , really bad breakup . The same kind of passion that fueled the 15-million-selling '95 smash "  Jagged Little Pill "  was there ever a woman more excellently scorned than the Alanis who excoriated her lover on "  You Oughta Know " ?  is all over "  Entanglement " -- thanks to a well-publicized split with actor fiance Ryan Reynolds . Granted , at 34 , she still writes too often in the histrionic , no-one-has-ever-felt-what-I-feel style of a feverishly journaling liberal-arts major . Even so , the rawness of her hurt adds heft to eff-you screeds like the thunderous "  Versions of Violence , " and she 's found an able partner in producer and co-writer Guy Sigsworth , a onetime Bjrk collaborator . His dense , swirling compositions seem to push Morissette 's boundaries , conjuring her inner Princess of Darkness on the glitchy , gothy "  Straitjacket " and exploring Far Eastern exotica on the tabla-tinged opener "  Citizen of the Planet . " But her most affecting moment may be the most stripped down . A barely-there piano is all the accompaniment needed on the broken , fragile ballad "  Not as We , " on which her voice cracks heartbreakingly over the lines "  From scratch begin again , but this time , I as I/And not as we . " Somehow , a devastating personal experience has galvanized her songwriting in a way that domestic bliss , as showcased on 2004 's disappointing "  So-Called Chaos , " could not . EW Grade : B + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Breakup with actor fiance Ryan Reynolds part of "  Flavors of Entanglement " Alanis Morissette 's most affecting moment on the album is sparest Morissette partners with producer , co-writer Guy Sigsworth
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The next president will have to decide when and how to leave Iraq and what the United States will leave behind , Sen. John McCain said Friday . Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain trade jabs over each other 's economic plans . Speaking at the first presidential debate , McCain said the war had been badly managed at the beginning but that the United States was now winning , thanks to a "  great general and a strategy that succeeded . " "  Sen. Obama refuses to acknowledge that we are winning in Iraq , " McCain said of his Democratic opponent . Sen. Barack Obama responded : "  That 's not true , that 's not true . " He blasted McCain as having been wrong about the war at the start , saying McCain had failed to anticipate the uprising against U.S. forces and violence between rival religious groups in the country . Before moving into foreign policy , the candidates focused on the economy . McCain said he would consider a spending freeze on everything but defense , veterans affairs and entitlement programs in order to cut back on government spending . Obama disagreed , saying , "  The problem is you 're using a hatchet where you need a scalpel . "  There are some programs that are very important that are currently underfunded , " Obama said . He agreed that the government needs to cut spending in some areas , but he said other areas , such as early childhood education , need more funding . McCain repeated his call to veto every bill with earmarks . Obama said the country "  absolutely " needs earmark reform but said , "  the fact is , eliminating earmarks alone is not a recipe for how we are going to get the middle class back on track . " McCain and Obama also tangled over who would cut taxes more . Watch Obama talk about his economic plan " McCain said he would lower business taxes in order to encourage job growth in the United States , while Obama said he would cut taxes for 95 percent of American families . Watch McCain outline differences between him and Obama " Obama also said that the United States was facing its worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . McCain said he was encouraged that Republicans and Democrats were working together to solve the crisis . The first 30 minutes of the debate focused on the economy , even though the debate was supposed to be centered on foreign policy . The economy has dominated the campaign trail for the past two weeks . Obama refused to be pinned down on whether he would support a $ 700 billion plan proposed by President Bush 's top economic advisers , saying the final details of the proposal were not yet known . McCain said he hoped to be able to vote for it . Just hours ago , the fate of the debate was in limbo because it was unclear whether McCain would show up . The Republican presidential candidate announced Wednesday that he was suspending his campaign to help forge legislation to save crippled U.S. financial markets . McCain said he would not attend the debate unless Congress reached an agreement on the bailout package . McCain said Friday that enough progress has been made for him to attend the debate , even though Congress has not made a deal . In the final hours before the debate , McCain and Obama separately checked out the stage at the debate site on the University of Mississippi campus . After their walk-throughs , the candidates went to separate locations for some last-minute debate prep . Outside the debate site , students and residents in Oxford said they were thrilled -- and relieved -- to find out that the debate was still on . The University of Mississippi said it invested $ 5.5 million in Friday night 's event . McCain 's campaign said the Arizona senator would return to Washington after the debate . Obama issued a statement saying he plans to return , also . Full coverage of the debates There 's a lot on the line for both sides . The election is just weeks away , and polls show Obama and McCain in a tight race . According to CNN 's average of national polls , Obama holds a 5-point lead over McCain , 48 percent to 43 percent . The 9 percent of respondents who are undecided could swing the election either way . Both campaigns played the expectations game Friday afternoon . Going into debates , campaigns try to lower expectations for their candidates while raising expectations for their opponents . Read more about the expectations Senior McCain adviser Mike Salter tried to play down the expectations surrounding his candidate , saying McCain wanted only to "  do well against a guy who is a pretty good debater , show presidential leadership and be able to speak directly to the American people about what he believes . " The Obama camp , on the other hand , tried to build up the debate as a must-win for the Arizona Republican , arguing that the debate 's focus on national security and foreign affairs amounted to a "  home field advantage " for McCain . "  If he slips up , makes a mistake or fails to deliver a game-changing performance , it will be a serious blow to his campaign . Given his unsteady performance this week , he desperately needs to win this debate in a big way in order to change the topic and get back to his home turf , " Bill Burton , an Obama spokesman , said in a memo . Obama had contended all along that the debate should go on , saying the financial crisis made it even more important for the public to hear the candidate 's views . The candidates ' running mates are not be in Mississippi to watch the debates . Sen. Joe Biden , Obama 's VP pick , is watching the debate from his hotel room in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . Biden told firefighters and their families at a fish fry in Cudahy , Wisconsin , on Friday that the debate is a "  big deal " because it will illustrate a fundamental national security difference between the candidates . "  The fundamental difference between John and Barack and me and John is this : If you 're talking about security , it starts at home in addition to protecting our troops abroad and giving them everything they need . " McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is wastching the debate from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where she is preparing for her debate with Biden on October 2 with a cadre of domestic and foreign policy advisers .	NEW : Barack Obama says John McCain wrong about Iraq NEW : McCain , Obama differ over spending freeze Candidates debate earmarks , taxes , economic plans Status of debate was in limbo until Friday afternoon
CNN  -- Tunisia 's president has formally apologized to a woman charged under an indecency law after being raped by two police officers , the state news agency reported Friday . "  It is quite unfortunate that such events would happen anywhere around the world and it is completely unacceptable to tolerate such a situation in Tunisia , " President Moncef Marzouki said in the statement , according to TAP , the official news agency . Opinion : Women , free speech , and the Tunisian constitution The president offered the woman a "  state apology " after meeting with her and a human rights activist , according to TAP . Marzouki said the government will not tolerate rapists or coverups . However , he said , officers who came forward to expose the assaults prove there is no systemic problem with the nation 's security forces . More : Tunisia 's President : ` The extremists are a minority of a minority ' The case began September 3 when three police officers approached the woman and her fiance while they were in their car in the capital of Tunis , her lawyer told Amnesty International . Two of the officers raped the woman inside the car , while the third took her fiance to a nearby ATM to extort money from him , the woman said . Rights group : Police rape woman in Tunisia , then charge her with indecency After she filed a complaint and the officers were charged with rape and extortion , the officers said they found the couple in an "  immoral position " in the car . The woman and her fiance were then charged with "  intentional indecent behavior , " which could yield up to six months in prison . Both have denied the charges . Opinion : Tunisia 's response to police rape puts human rights to shame The statement did not mention any resolution of the charges against the woman or her fiance . The assaults and accusations against the couple angered human rights groups and inflamed public opinion in the birthplace of the Arab Spring movement . The incident comes after the government angered some critics by rejecting a United Nations recommendation to abolish discrimination against women in areas such as inheritance and child custody . The government has also charged journalists and human rights activists with public immorality and public disorder in an effort to restrict freedom of expression , critics have said . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Tunisian president says the situation is "  completely unacceptable " He says the government will not tolerate rapists or those who cover for them The president 's statement does not address charges against the woman or her fiance
Alcohol-fueled hostility ended with a famous professional wrestler pinning his son down at their Florida home early Christmas Eve , sheriff 's deputies said . Former ring star Kevin Nash , alias Diesel , and his teenage son Tristen were booked on battery and later released without bond , according to arrest records from the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office . When the teen came home drunk , insult and quarrel filled the air , according to the report , which included the Nash family members ' accounts . Their stories about what happened next diverge . Tristen Nash , 18 , says his pro wrestler father , who is 55 , chided him over being drunk and about his relationship with his girlfriend , then threw him down by the neck and lay across his chest . He could n't breathe and briefly blacked out , the son told a deputy . Nash , a giant His father has an imposing physique . Wrestler Kevin Nash weighs 328 pounds and stands 6 ' 10 " tall , according to his World Wrestling Entertainment profile . During his prime in the 1990s at WWE , he received multiple championships in the show-sport , before rounding off his career as a member of the group called New World Order , which included Hulk Hogan and was cast as a team of bad-guy "  heels . " Kevin Nash told the deputy a different story . His son started the fight , spitting on him and striking him with his shoulder and elbow , he said . Nash admitted to wrestling him to the ground , but said he did so to protect his wife from his son . The elder Nash was taken in and booked , his face marked by scratches on his mug shot . His son admitted to grabbing Nash 's face while trying to break his grip . Roughness continued Kevin Nash 's wife , Tamara , initially told police she had been upstairs and not seen the fight . But she changed her story when authorities charged the wrestler with domestic battery , the arrest report said . Her son had been the attacker , she then told a deputy . A short time after booking Kevin Nash , deputies were called back to the family 's home to arrest his son , after his uncle called 911 . Tristen Nash 's mother and uncle told a deputy that the teen had tussled with them after deputies left with Kevin Nash . The family 's lawyer also placed blame on the son in a statement . "  The kid was out of control , and the father was defending his wife . I 'm pretty confident we will have a resolution in the next couple of months , " lawyer Michael J. Politis told The Daytona Beach News-Journal . The WWE distanced itself from the incident . "  Kevin Nash has not regularly performed for WWE since January 2004 , " it said in a statement . "  He is currently under a non-wrestling ` legends ' contract which has been immediately suspended until this domestic dispute is resolved . "	Kevin Nash was a WWE ring showman who went by the moniker Diesel An argument broke out when his son came home drunk , family tells police Nash told deputies he had to wrestle his son down to protect the family from him The son told deputies that his wrestler father attacked him
CNN  -- Nine commuter aircraft were grounded for safety inspections Tuesday at Chicago 's O'Hare airport after a federal security inspector climbed onto them by grabbing sensitive outside instruments , the Transportation Security Administration said Wednesday . "  It delayed a lot of folks getting to where they had to go yesterday , " said American Eagle spokeswoman Andrea Huguely . "  This was something we had never experienced before . " The inspector used the total air temperature probe and the jetway to haul himself through the open doors of seven of the nine planes he inspected , a TSA official said . The inspector aimed "  to look for and test , among other things , access vulnerabilities or areas were someone with ill intent could gain access to the aircraft , " the TSA said , adding : "  Aircraft operators are required to secure each aircraft when left unattended . " Sam Mayer , a spokesman for the Allied Pilots Union , said the maneuver could have damaged the probes . Pilots use readings from the probes to gauge the probability of icing . "  Apparently the TSA inspector hoisted himself up using the TAT probe as a stirrup . He repeated the same procedure with nine aircraft . Most TAT probes have a painted decal on the side that reads ` NO STEP , ' " he said . "  We caught it this time , but who knows if this has happened other times ... and with other planes that are out there , " Mayer added . He said pilots examine their planes before take-off , but they might not spot something like a part damaged in an inspection . "  Pilots are the last line of defense . We do our pre-flight inspections , but we do n't have a system in place to check for broken parts , " he said . Huguely said the airline 's own inspectors checked out all of the aircraft , did not find any damage , and put them back in service by 10:45 a.m. Tuesday . She said the airline is in touch with the TSA "  and we are working through this issue with them . " TSA spokeswoman Ellen Howe said the inspector did not intend any harm . "  It is not TSA 's intent to cause delays or potential damage to aircraft as a result of our inspections , " she said . American Airlines , which owns and operates American Eagle , could face fines over the incident , she said . "  The inspector was able to gain access to the interior of seven of the nine aircraft inspected , which is an apparent violation of the airline 's security program , " Howe said . The inspector was not identified . "  TSA is reviewing the inspection results and , depending on the conclusion , could take action with the airline up to and including levying of civil penalties , " Howe said . American Eagle said in a statement that it was "  confident that it followed all proper security procedures . " But , "  if not observed by vigilant Eagle employees in Chicago , the actions of this inspector would have been unknown and could have jeopardized the safety of our customers and crew because of potential damage to the sensitive equipment mounted on the aircraft fuselage , " the airline said . "  American Eagle is also concerned that the TSA inspector 's method of physically hoisting himself up to the jet bridge using a part of the aircraft could have placed him in physical danger . "	Inspector grabbed instrument used to measure outside air temperature The probes could have been damaged , so planes were grounded , inspected TSA says inspector was looking for security lapses Because inspector gained access to aircraft , airline could face fines
CNN  -- In rolling out its Galaxy Gear on Wednesday , Samsung effectively launched the smartwatch wars , becoming the biggest player in an emerging gadget market that could soon see Apple , Google and others join the fray . "  Today , Samsung reinvents a centuries-old product , " Samsung research director Pranav Mistry said at a launch event in Berlin . "  I can proudly say Galaxy Gear is a design statement , an engineering marvel and something that really redefines tomorrow . " So , no false modesty here . But , what did everyone else have to say ? Tech bloggers ' first impressions of the watch , which will go on sale in late September in much of the world and in October in the United States and Japan , were predictably less grandiose than that . Many complimented the Gear as a significant step forward in mobile technology with a host of interesting features and the potential for even more . But its $ 299 price tag was a concern for many , as were worries that sluggish responses on some apps will turn out to be a persistent problem , not a case of opening-day jitters . Others complained the watch must be synced with a Galaxy phone or tablet to get the most out of its functionality . We 've rounded up some thoughts from folks who got an early look at the connected watch , which will compete against rival devices from Pebble , Sony and other makers . Keep in mind that many of them had limited time with the device and some will publish more in-depth reviews later . Consumer Reports "  We like what we saw in a brief meeting with Samsung , though the Galaxy Gear had several shortcomings , such as no direct support  yet  for Facebook or Twitter and a display that stays on only briefly with each press of the power button , " reviewer Mike Gikas wrote after a short hands-on with the device . The full Consumer Reports review will come later . "  The Galaxy Gear ... appears to be one of the most useful devices to adorn the wrist since the wristwatch . But its expected initial high price could limit its appeal to early adopters with deep pockets . " The Verge "  The Galaxy Gear , Samsung 's latest foray into the smartwatch category , is now official and it 's quite unlike anything you 've seen before , " wrote Vlad Savov . "  Yes , it 's a smartphone accessory that can pick up notifications , control music playback , and keep time with a rich variety of watch faces , but Samsung takes it a few steps further by integrating a 1.9-megapixel camera , a speaker , and two microphones  $ " allowing you to shoot short 720p movies and even conduct phone calls with the Galaxy Gear ... . "  Most of all , however , I find it hard to justify spending the $ 299 asking price on an accessory like the Galaxy Gear . It 's too dependent on its parent device for functionality  $ " which will cost you a fair amount too  $ " and , like all other smartwatches , fails to truly live up to the " smart ' part of its name . " TechCrunch In a piece titled "  Your turn , Apple , " Matt Burns wrote he 's intrigued , even though Samsung tends to release imperfect products , then improve them . "  The Galaxy Gear watch seems to hit most checkboxes . The watch 's design is fashion-forward without being completely nerdy . It 's available in a wide range of colors . And it packs a good amount of tech including a camera into a modest-sized frame . The screen is attractive . It 's open to applications and there 's even a camera in the wrist band , because why not . And you can actually take calls on the thing by holding it up to your ear . " "  Should you buy the Galaxy Gear ? Nah , wait for the next one . Or Apple 's smartwatch . That 's what I 'm going to do . A Pebble is good enough for me until then . But I still want this one . Well done , Samsung . " Engadget "  Wrist watches , smart or otherwise , are simply not for everyone -- there are more smartphone users in the world , many times over , than there will ever be smartwatch owners . Despite the limited market for such a device , however , Samsung 's decided it 's time to join in on the fun . "  The Gear includes ... a BSI sensor and autofocus lens mounted in the wrist strap ... . That camera , designed for on-the-go captures where convenience , not image quality , is a priority , is paired with a pre-installed app called Memographer . That application , and dozens of others that will be available at launch , are key to boosting the Gear 's appeal , and setting it apart from the competition . " Gizmodo "  On first use , Galaxy Gear seems pretty responsive . It swipes quickly and smoothly between apps , " wrote Leslie Horn . "  We were n't able to test out texting , but we started a call that popped right up on the screen of the Note 3 , more speedily than anticipated . Overall , Galaxy Gear feels kind of awkward both to wear  it 's chunky  and to use  it 's unnatural , although that 's to be expected since it 's a new type of input  . All that could be worth it , though ,  if  the fitness apps  which we were n't able to test  are killer , and if moving between your Galaxy smartphone and your watch are as seamless as it seemed to be in our test . "	Samsung introduces Galaxy Gear smartwatch The $ 299 watch will be available in 140 countries late this month and in October On first impression , reviewers say it 's a significant step forward Some critics worry its price , sluggish apps may dampen sales
For the third straight year , Seoul has ranked fifth in the world for number of international conferences hosted . Its airport is the busiest in Asia . Hotels are bursting to capacity . An increasing number of business travelers is arriving each month to South Korea 's capital , many not knowing what to expect . Despite the cutting-edge technology the city is known for these days , there remain challenges for a first-timer in Seoul . Here 's help . 1 . Traveling from the airport/around the city takes lots of time Seoul is vast -- far greater than many expect . As the largest proper city in the developed world , it 's approximately 10 times the size of Manhattan , and much more crowded . What this means for the time-sensitive business traveler is that a lot of buffer time should be factored in -- about 30 minutes , to be safe -- for getting to and from meetings , especially if they involve crossing the Han River . From Incheon International Airport , the express train  8,000 or $ 7  runs every 30 minutes and will drop you off at Seoul Station , north of the river , near the Myeongdong business hub . Not a lot of travelers seem to know about this for some reason , and trains are usually quite empty . Airport limousine buses  10,000 - 15,000 or $ 9 - $ 14  are another convenient way to get to most any destination from the airport . Staffers at the airport 's bus counter are helpful if you tell them where you need to go . Cabs cost around 50,000 or $ 48 to get into the heart of Gangnam  south of the river  or Gangbuk  north of the river  . During morning and evening rush hours , it 's best to take the train . 2 . The language barrier can throw you The language barrier is particularly frustrating when it comes to addresses and directions . Unlike the United States  or most other countries  , Korea historically numbered buildings based on the date they were built in each district , not by location . This means buildings next to each other can have completely different address numbers .  An initiative to change addresses is ongoing . The best way to get around is to have the address written or printed out in Korean to show to taxi drivers who can then input the address in their GPS system . Stay strong while they grumble , and insist they put it in . When completely lost , call +82 2 120 , the city 's help center , which has various language assistance options including English , Japanese and Chinese . 3 . Hotel bookings should be based on location Due to transit times  up to 90 minutes to two hours to cross the city during rush hour  it 's best to choose your hotel based on your meeting locations . Best hotels , by business hub : Yeouido : Conrad Seoul , Marriott Executive Apartments , Sheraton D Cube City Myeongdong : Westin Chosun , The Plaza , Ibis Ambassador Seoul Myeongdong , Fraser Place Samseong  near COEX convention center  : Grand InterContinental Seoul Parnas , InterContinental Seoul COEX , Park Hyatt , Oakwood Premier Coex Center Best hotels if you 're flexible with location : Gangnam  south of river  : JW Marriott , Ritz-Carlton , Novotel Ambassador Gangbuk  north of river  : The Shilla , Grand Hyatt , Banyan Tree Club & Spa , W Seoul Walkerhill 4 . Bring business cards . As in , a whole box In Korea , the standard business-related introduction involves reverently receiving and returning a business card , bowing and shaking hands , somehow all at the same time . When the exchange is done over a meal , it 's common to lay out the business cards of everyone at the table on the table in front of you so that you can remember everyone 's name and position as you talk to them . "  That 's one of the things that people wish they had known before coming here -- how quickly they 're going to run out of business cards , " says Seoul Convention Bureau vice president Maureen O'Crowley . 5 . Wear nice socks at all times It 's not just a matter of style -- it 's protection against embarrassment . Many traditional Korean and Japanese restaurants  popular for business lunches and dinners  require patrons to leave shoes at the door . Few local humiliations match having a toe sticking out of an old , dirty sock in the midst of serious business talk . 6 . Be prepared to drink and bow "  Showing you can drink a lot , hold your alcohol , and still talk intelligently about a subject is important to showing that you are a mature , working business person that 's worthy of trust , " says John Li , an investment banker from Hong Kong who travels to Seoul once a month for work . "  Pay attention and you 'll catch on quickly about the ritualism in business drinking . Also , there 's a lot of only-Koreans-allowed entertaining that happens afterward . " It 's considered rude to let someone pour his or her own drink . After toasting , it 's considered polite for younger people at the table to turn their heads to the side when they drink . For more tips on business drinking in Seoul , consult the business traveler 's guide to surviving a Korean drinking session . 7 . Layovers or delays = shopping Incheon International Airport has been voted best airport in the world many times ... for good reason . Apart from the shiny interior and quirky venues such as an ice skating rink , driving range and movie theater , the intense face-off between its two main duty free retailers , Lotte and Shilla , means big discounts for shoppers .  Our recommended souvenirs include Korean cosmetics -- for women and men . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Business travelers should factor in plenty of buffer time for getting to meetings in Seoul Addresses and directions can be tricky Be prepared to drink and bow
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Doctors have stabilized former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's heart and blood pressure , but he still remains in critical condition , a hospital official said Sunday . The 85-year old is still suffering from multiple organ failure , said Zeev Rotstein , director of the Sheba Medical Center in Tel Hashomer . Sharon is known as a highly decorated -- if controversial -- Israeli military figure who became prime minister in 2001 . But Sharon has been in a coma since 2006 , when he suffered a major stroke that led doctors to put him under anesthesia and on a respirator . His term as prime minister came to an end . News broke on Wednesday that his health had worsened . Rising through military ranks Born in 1928 in Kfar Malal -- a community that would later become part of Israel -- Sharon graduated from high school in 1945 and began working with the Haganah , a militant group advocating for Israel 's independence . He began his rise through the Israeli military ranks in 1953 . Sharon helped establish an elite commando unit and was eventually promoted to be an army major general . He held this rank during 1967 's Six-Day War , which ended with Israel controversially expanding its territory . Sharon went on to play major roles in subsequent Israeli military conflicts as well , including as head of the Army 's Armored Reserve Division during the 1973 Yom Kippur War . He then began segueing into government , including stints as Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's military adviser , agriculture minister and defense minister from 1981 to 1983 . Invasion of Lebanon Sharon also orchestrated Israel 's invasion of Lebanon , an effort aimed at Palestine Liberation Organization  PLO  fighters that also left hundreds of Lebanese civilians dead . His actions led many in the Arab world to call him the "  Butcher of Beirut . " An official Israeli inquiry found Sharon indirectly responsible for the September 1982 killings of as many as 2,000 Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps outside of Beirut , Lebanon . The report -- which led to Sharon 's prompt resignation -- determined the then-defense minister did nothing to stop Christian militiamen allied with Israel from entering the camps , despite fears they might seek to avenge the killing of their leader the previous day . Sharon did not stay out of the spotlight for long . His adviser Ranaan Gissin said Sharon "  he felt betrayed by his government . " Sharon also sued Time for a magazine article implying that he had foreknowledge and a greater role in this massacre , with a jury later finding the U.S.-based publisher guilty of defamation but not of malice . Becoming prime minister Sharon went on to hold a several other Cabinet posts from 1984 to 2001 , when he won a special election to become prime minister . By then , as head of the Likud party , Sharon was considered a hawk . And early on , he took the offensive by sending tanks and troops into Palestinian territory and ordering the assassination of militant leaders . But Sharon also took steps toward peace , such as agreeing with the late PLO leader Yasser Arafat on a timeline to halt Israeli-Palestinian violence and resume peace talks . But that effort undermined by Sharon 's own party , which backed a resolution to never allow the creation of a Palestinian state . Sharon later participated in talks with regional and world powers to discuss a "  road map " for Middle East peace . Immediately after he fell ill in early 2006 , his power was transferred to Vice Premier Ehud Olmert . Surgeons removed 20 inches of his intestine the following month and , that April , Israel 's Cabinet formally ended his run as prime minister after declaring him permanently incapacitated . The former prime minister 's health has fluctuated during the time he has been in the coma . In January 2013 , doctors said testing on Sharon indicated some brain activity when he was shown photos of his home and heard his son 's voice . Sharon brain results not proof he 'll wake up	Doctors have stabilized heart and blood pressure but Sharon remains in critical condition The former Israeli prime minister is still suffering from organ failure Sharon has been in a coma since 2006 News broke Wednesday that Sharon 's health had worsened
CNN  -- In many parts of the world , being born a girl means being born without rights . A girl born today in Egypt has a 91 % chance of undergoing female genital mutilation  FGM  by the time she reaches puberty , according to the World Health Organization . She has a 22 % chance of being married by the time she is 18 and a 99 % chance of experiencing sexual violence at some point in her lifetime . In Afghanistan , according to the sharia law in that country , a girl is legally allowed to marry when she is 15 , while 12 % of girls aged 15-19 bear children , according to a 2010 survey used by Human Rights Watch . If she is lucky , she might be the one in five girls today in Afghanistan who learns to read . Even if she receives an education , she may become one of the 87 % of women to experience violence , according to Oxfam . Female genital mutilation  FGM  , child marriage , child pregnancy , sexual violence , and the exclusion of girls from education are consequences of the violence and oppression institutionalized and maintained by the so-called "  honor system . " For girls raised in these societies , their sexual purity and obedience to a set of pre-determined norms is viewed as the yard stick of a family 's honor and status . As girls , they are inherently valued as less than boys . Men can beat , torture , maim , rape and exclude them from all decisions with impunity . Too often , girls ' bodies are the property of their male guardians . Their brains and creativity are valueless . And their choices are irrelevant . These are not aberrant instances ; they are realities widely-accepted and legally mandated in honor-based societies in the Middle East , Africa , and Southeast Asia . Shariah law in many countries institutionalizes girls ' oppression , legalizing and enforcing the honor system . But even in societies without shariah law , such as the United States , girls and women are at risk of gender-based violence such as FGM . Up to 200,000 girls in America are at risk of being torn and mutilated as a result of FGM -- even though it has been illegal since 1996 . Young girls are sometimes taken abroad by their families on "  cutting vacations " to have the procedure performed . In July , President Obama said : " ... there 's no excuse ... Female genital mutilation -- I 'm sorry , I do n't consider that a tradition worth hanging on to . I think that 's a tradition that is barbaric and should be eliminated . Violence towards women -- I do n't care for that tradition . I 'm not interested in it . It needs to be eliminated . " The President is correct . Culture is no excuse for abuse of girls and women . He is also correct when he said : "  One of the single-best measures of whether a country succeeds or not is how it treats its women . " The U.S. government recently initiated an inquiry into FGM in the United States . This is a positive step , although the U.S. woefully lags behind its European counterparts . UK Prime Minister David Cameron has exhibited leadership in trying to end FGM in his country and globally by hosting his recent Girl Summit and by engaging the UK Border Patrol to prevent parents from taking girls overseas to be cut . This is an effective practice that will hopefully inspire similar action in the United States . Fortunately , the global community understands the need to end the abuse of women and especially girls . In 2011 the United Nations declared October 11 the International Day of the Girl Child . This year 's theme is "  Empowering Adolescent Girls : Ending the Cycle of Violence . " The lead agency for the day , UNICEF , released a concept note to address its policy recommendations for eradicating violence against adolescent girls . These include : These are all commendable ideas to empower and educate girls , and they are essential . However , these recommendations fail to acknowledge or address the root cause of violence affecting hundreds of millions of girls : the "  honor system " . Technical training will not prevent a girl 's father from selling her to a much older man . Additional data collection will not stop a girl 's clitoris from being removed . Advocacy without action will fall on deaf ears . UNICEF and other U.N. agencies , in addition to governments around the world , must condemn the legal frameworks which institutionalize and perpetuate violence against girls . All of us have a role in informing policy and getting the right issues on the table . We can tweet at U.N. agencies and officials creating the global policy and write to our local representatives urging them to guarantee that women 's rights is always part of the conversation with countries that oppress women . At the community level , we can encourage existing women 's and girls ' agencies to invest in resources and outlets for victims of honor-based violence . If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S. , chances are that one of them lives in your community . Are the teachers , social workers , and doctors in your area prepared to help her ? Statistics are ever-changing . It is impossible to know definitively whether a girl born this very moment will have the same chances as her older sister , her aunt , or her mom . But something is certain . If we do not courageously speak out and demand change , we will know what that girl 's future will look like -- and it is very bleak .	Many girls around the world have no protection from being raped and maimed by men Some governments are taking action , but more needs doing , says Kweskin Individuals must lobby politicians to condemn so-called "  honor systems " and countries that perpetuate them , says Kweskin October 11 is the U.N. 's International Day of the Girl Child
CNN  -- I 'm proud to be the honorary chair of the National Day of Service happening this Saturday , inspired by Martin Luther King Jr. 's life and legacy . It 's the perfect way to kick off the inauguration weekend because anyone can participate , and we know that when we work together , we will achieve more than one person could on his or her own . President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , members of Congress and their families will be rolling up their sleeves at service projects in our nation 's capital . But you do n't have to be in Washington to get involved . From repairing fire-damaged homes in Colorado and cleaning sidewalks in Detroit to spending time with children with disabilities in New Orleans , every state will offer opportunities to volunteer . All these projects have one big thing in common : They 're making a community , our country and our world better . That 's part of what makes service special . Whether it 's volunteering time , skills , ideas or resources , we all can make a difference . Impact Your World : A life celebrated through service When I was growing up , my parents and grandparents taught me that engaging in service , helping our neighbors and building strong communities are all part of being a good citizen and a good person . My grandmothers , Virginia and Dorothy , embodied that conviction . They both had hard lives growing up during the Depression and World War II , but despite the obstacles they faced , they found time to volunteer at their churches and community centers and later , their kids ' schools . They created families full of love , support and service . My parents instilled their mothers ' values in me from early on . In Little Rock , Arkansas , we went to church on Sundays , and afterward , conversation often turned to what volunteer project we could do together . Favorites were deciding which books to donate to the church or library and cleaning up parks together , something my father always managed to turn into a game . When we moved to Washington , service remained an important part of my life . In high school , I helped head the service club , and in college , I volunteered as an America Reads tutor and in the art therapy room at the Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital in California . I loved talking to my grandmothers about my volunteer work , and I agreed with them : I received more than I could ever possibly give . Some volunteer work , such as removing debris after hurricanes , is undeniably hard , physically and emotionally . But a lot of activities , such as chaperoning school field trips , helping a sick child make a collage , reading to older people who have lost their eyesight or participating in an AIDS walk with friends , can be lots of fun . The work is also elevating and powerful . This Saturday , as I join thousands of Americans coming together to do their part , I 'll be thinking about my grandmothers , just like I do every day . I know they 'd be proud of our country , that in cities and towns across America , people are lending their neighbors a hand , just as they taught their children and grandchildren to do . But as exciting as the National Day of Service will be , it will be even more powerful if it is just the beginning . Already , people are going online to pledge to make giving back a part of their lives , not just for a day or for a week , but all year round . If everyone who pitches in this weekend keeps up that commitment throughout the year , think about how much good we can all do . Lots of small acts add up to big change . Nineteen years ago , my father proudly signed the bill making Martin Luther King Day a time dedicated to serving others . At the speech he gave to mark the event , he reminded us of what King once called , "  Life 's most persistent and urgent question : What are you doing for others ? " There are countless right answers to that question -- the only wrong one is to do nothing . As we think about the future of our communities and our country , we each have the ability and the responsibility to participate . I hope you can join me , the first family and our entire American family this Saturday as we make this country that we love even better . You can learn more , find an event near you , and pledge to serve here , at the National Day of Service site . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chelsea Clinton .	Chelsea Clinton heads National Day of Service on Saturday , will kick off inauguration weekend All the states will offer volunteer opportunities everyone can participate in , she writes Chelsea Clinton 's grandmothers instilled in her family the value of service She says if everyone commits to year-round volunteer work , lots can be achieved
St. Petersburg , Florida  CNN  -- Crippled by the brutal wind and waves of Hurricane Sandy , the HMS Bounty was sinking . Capt. Robin Walbridge had ordered his crew of 15 to abandon ship in the early morning of October 29 , 90 miles off North Carolina . Searching the ship a final time before escaping to a waiting lifeboat , a crew member peered through the captain 's rarely opened door . There she noticed that Walbridge 's treasured framed photograph of his wife , Claudia McCann , was missing from its place on his desk . During the escape from the 50-year-old wooden ship , the captain clearly had taken his prized picture with him . Now , four months later , that story about her husband 's final moments still touches McCann . "  Of all the things he could have grabbed , I guess a picture was n't going to weigh him down , " she said last week from her 1930s historic home in St. Petersburg . "  But it was going to be with him . " Wearing a medallion carved with the image of the Bounty , McCann , who never took her husband 's name , shared stories she 's been hearing from survivors of the shipwreck . As the U.S. Coast Guard begins hearings Tuesday in Portsmouth , Virginia , to determine if negligence was involved , McCann is defending Walbridge against criticism that his decisions somehow put the ship at risk . On October 29 , the three-masted replica of an 18th-century ship -- which starred in classic movies such as Marlon Brando 's "  Mutiny on the Bounty " and Johnny Depp 's "  Pirates of the Carribean " -- was threatened by a real-life drama as it took on water and lost power . At one point when Walbridge was below deck , enormous waves tossed the vessel , slamming the captain into a table , said McCann . Walbridge , 63 , was so seriously injured that he needed help putting on his rescue suit and life jacket as he prepared to abandon ship . McCann said crew members ' accounts conflict about whether or not the captain ever was able to escape the Bounty before it went down . Related : Sandy claims 50-year-old tourism attraction Remembering that terrible time , McCann , sitting in her sunroom , stared out across her backyard . One of his last e-mails to her , she said , was saying he was going to abandon ship . It said "  not to worry " because the Coast Guard knew where he was . Eventually , the Coast Guard rescued all but two crew members : Walbridge and Claudene Christian , 42 . Related : Shipwreck victim inspired by mutineer McCann always believed her husband was going to be all right . She said he always had a "  silver lining " floating over his head , protecting him from harm . For 90 hours , the Coast Guard searched 12,000 square miles in hopes of finding the captain . Then , four days after the shipwreck , McCann received a call from the Coast Guard . "  It was just as hard for them to say it as it was for me to hear it -- that they were going to abandon the search , " she said , pausing for a moment . "  But I knew they did their best . " Of all the terrifying moments and heartbreaking news surrounding the Bounty disaster , the hardest part for McCann is that her husband 's body was never found . Her sadness comes in waves . "  Interesting -- yeah , yeah it comes in waves , " she said with a grin . Walbridge was quite a sailor , his widow recalled -- a breath of fresh air filled with positive energy . He was highly respected in his industry , and everyone wanted to sail with him , McCann said . He had some qualities associated with sailors , friends and family said , like enjoying a drink or two now and then with other seafarers at "  scuzzy " bars in various ports of call . He also had traits that clashed with the cliche of the rough-and-tumble sailing life . "  I never heard a curse word come out of his mouth -- he was so even-keeled , " said McCann 's daughter , Shelly McCann , Walbridge 's stepdaughter . Criticism Some sailors in the tall ship community have been critical of Walbridge 's decision to leave safe harbor in New London , Connecticut , for St. Petersburg as Sandy was steaming up the East Coast . That frustrates McCann and her adult daughter , Shelly . People "  who were not there " have no right to pass judgment , the McCanns said . The facts surrounding Walbridge 's decisions may come out during the weeklong Coast Guard hearing . "  The point of the investigation is to determine the cause and to see if there are any changes that could be made , industry - or regulatorywise , to prevent incidents like this from occurring in the future , " said Chief Petty Officer Nyx Cangemi , U.S. Coast Guard spokesman . WAVY-TV : Coast Guard begins hearings into shipwreck McCann said she never questioned her husband 's decision to leave port . "  I would never even think twice about telling him to do something against his decision . Who am I -- I know nothing about that . " The captain 's close friend Ralph McCutcheon , sitting across from McCann at the table in the sunroom , quickly chimed in : "  We 'd been through two other hurricanes -- ones with higher seas -- in ' 96 . " "  The ship was in the best shape it ever been since it was built , " McCutcheon said . It had just completed a mandatory inspection required by the Coast Guard every two years . While not questioning Walbridge 's decision , Shelly McCann said she wishes her stepfather had never left port . At one of the two memorial services held for Walbridge , surviving crew members presented the McCanns with a handmade card , signed by all of them . The cards and e-mails from survivors have been a comfort -- evidence once again of that "  silver lining . " ` Robinisms ' Wrote one past crew member : "  I think Robin has become a surrogate father for some of us ... to have a consistent and reliable man who encouraged us and gave us responsibility -- changed lives . " Claudia McCann said she "  did n't realize the magnitude or the enormity of people that he touched . " One of the memorial services took place in Fall River , Massachusetts , where Shelly McCann recalled little sayings Walbridge was known for . Crews called them "  Robinisms , " including , "  Wakey wakey , little guppies " and "  Wakey wakey , little snakies . " Claudia McCann remembers the couple working as extras in some of the films the Bounty appeared in . She scrolls through photos on her computer of herself and her husband dressed in costumes . It all brings back bittersweet memories . Thousands of other irreplaceable photos were on the captain 's computer and hard drive which she said went down with the ship -- lost forever . But it 's just stuff , she said . "  Missing Robin , I ca n't put that in perspective at all . There 's just emptiness in my soul because he was my soul mate , " Claudia McCann said , as tears filled her eyes . "  I hear it fills in . And I hope it does . " She believes her husband went down with his ship , likely trying to help his crew member Christian escape . Many sailors have told Claudia McCann that -- for lovers of the ocean -- there 's no better final resting place . That 's a thought that comforts her , although she would have preferred placing his remains in the sea herself . "  I guess silver linings ... come to an end , " she said . "  But he had his share of silver linings . " CNN 's John Couwels reported this story from St. Petersburg , Florida , and CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed from Atlanta .	HMS Bounty and its captain , Robin Walbridge , were lost at sea during Hurricane Sandy Coast Guard hearings Tuesday aim to answer questions about possible negligence Widow Claudia McCann says her husband , Walbridge , had a lucky "  silver lining " She disputes critics who say Walbridge put the 50-year-old wooden ship at risk
To Jay DeLancy , North Carolina is fraught with voter fraud and the state is doing nothing about it . So the former Air Force veteran has taken matters into his own hands and vows , as he sees it , to save the system from eroding honest elections . DeLancy launched the Voter Integrity Project more than three years ago , leading a band of volunteers in scouring public records and knocking on doors to root out irregularities in voter rolls . It 's tedious work , and DeLancy has generated mixed results as well as a measure of controversy . Some call his efforts "  sloppy " and question whether he 's addressing a serious shortcoming or whether he 's become -- intended or not -- illustrative of the tough Republican-driven voter identification law that critics contend intimidates and disenfranchises minority voters . Moreover , this is all playing out amid hardening partisan divisions nationwide and legal and legislative battles as the nation hurtles toward a midterm vote with the Senate at stake and a presidential ballot in 2016 . A man with a mission At the VIP headquarters in a commercial office park in Raleigh that resembled many low-budget start-ups , complete with a dry-ink erase board , folding tables with chairs and a big wood , scuffed desk , DeLancy proudly walked through the inter workings of his organization that includes a few dozen volunteers spread around the state . Bald and 56 , he seems at least a decade younger than his age . His enthusiasm screams through his rabidly opinionated professions about how voting should work . He thinks the mentally ill should be barred from voting , felons should be restored their voting right after they serve their sentence and probation , homeless people should be allowed to vote but only if they remain at the address they put on their voter registration form , and those who do n't know the issues should stay home . DeLancy co-opted his tactics from True the Vote , a well-funded yet controversial conservative group in Texas that prioritizes citizen enforcement of the voter laws . Framed by a 12-foot long map of North Carolina divided into counties and congressional districts on loan from a Republican member of the state legislature , DeLancy also talks about the need for a strict photo ID law and that fraudulent voting is rampant in elections . And he 's doing everything he can to ensure that his vision of the election system is carried out . To address their concerns , DeLancy and his volunteers plow through public data -- tax records , voting records , jury records , census data and death records - scouring for suspicion and inconsistencies . He compares tax data with DMV records , voting records in North Carolina with voting records in Florida , jury data with voter rolls . He calls it data mining . All this information is then inserted into an algorithm , creating spreadsheets upon spreadsheets for volunteers to investigate . When red flags are raised , they might turn it over to the Board of Elections or they might check it out themselves . Looking in a liberal bastion In Buncombe County , which includes the western city of Asheville , a liberal bastion in a relatively conservative state , DeLancy 's forces teamed with a local tea party group to analyze data . When five or more registered voters are listed at one address , a red flag goes up . Then they put on their shoes and pound the pavement . "  We would actually knock on the door at that address , " DeLancy said . His volunteers would check to see who lived there and if it matched the records . The response ? "  Some would slam the door in our face , " DeLancy said , but added that others would answer their questions . If doubts persisted after confronting residences , they 'd move to Stage Two . VIP would address a letter to the person in question . If the letter came back with "  return to sender , " that letter became evidence to submit to the Board of Elections . DeLancy said a worst-case scenario would involve someone voting fraudulently or , at the very least , they need to be removed from the voter rolls for not living at the address listed . DeLancy took 180 cases to the Buncombe County elections board and a little more than half the names were stricken from the voter rolls . Jane Bilello , a volunteer with the Voter Integrity Project and head of the Asheville Tea Party who participated in the door-to-door checks , said the reason they are checking the voter rolls name by name is simple : "  We 're doing it because the  political  parties are n't . " Tea party group in North Carolina might give up on national races Vigilante or vindicator ? DeLancy and his group are an aggravating nuisance whose tactics do more damage than good , according to fellow good governance groups with opposing ideological views . Sarah Zambon , president of Asheville League of Women Voters , said VIP targets minority and Democratic leaning districts , leading to voter disenfranchisement and voter intimidation . She said that of the 80 precincts in Buncombe County , all of VIP 's challenges came from 11 precincts , most of them low income or minority -- communities that are more likely to have more people living under one roof . "  It has an intimidation effect , " Zambon said , detailing the story of one African American woman who said she did n't feel comfortable when people showed up at her door and wanted to know where her sons lived . 2014 midterms : What 's at stake Zambon also said he has effectively removed homeless people from the voter rolls for not being at a fixed address . DeLancy shot back , saying Zambon needs to "  cut the emotion and deal with the facts . " "  Our laws are so lenient in favor of the voter that any person can claim they 're homeless and vote from anywhere , " DeLancy said . North Carolina 's tamp down North Carolina 's election record is good . The Pew Charitable Trusts ' election initiative named it one of the top-performing states in 2012 . The organization cited increased voter registration , few problems with provisional ballots and minimal wait times at polls . Of the 88 % of eligible voters are registered to vote , more than 65 % voted in 2012 , according to The Pew Charitable Trusts ' Elections Performance Index and confirmed by the state . That turnout is similar to 2008 and both elections saw African Americans vote at a higher rate than whites , according to Democracy North Carolina , an election watchdog group . In addition , cases of fraud are negligible . The state 's Board of Elections says fraud is possible but the state does n't keep track . Elections board spokesman Josh Lawson said in the most recent statewide elections on May 6 , one case of fraud was referred to the the local district attorney 's office and he anticipates "  at least three other " cases will be investigated by the board of elections . But still , the state enacted one of the most stringent voter ID laws in the country , requiring one of a limited number of forms of identification at the poll starting in 2016 . The law also gives voter vigilantes more power , enabling citizens to challenge another person 's vote anywhere in the state . Like laws of its kind that have been passed and challenged elsewhere , including in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin where the courts struck down the laws , North Carolina 's law is being challenged for disenfranchising voters . Michael Cobb , political science professor at North Carolina State University , said the law discourages people to vote , adding that the state that voted for Democrat Barack Obama in 2008 and Republican Mitt Romney in 2012 has taken a step backward . 5 takeaways from North Carolina 's primary election "  They 've gone the wrong direction in the importance of protecting the vote , " Cobb said . "  They 've erred on the side of making sure no ineligible person would vote . " While DeLancy aggressively advocated for the law , he pushed for a version that went even further . And thinks the state is n't doing enough to enforce the laws and that high voter participation is an indicator that fraud is rampant . Mixed results After three years of work and countless volunteer hours , DeLancy has no cases of fraud to show . He cites , however , that the board of elections has made five "  referrals " of prosecution to local district attorneys . He blames the Republican-led board of elections and the inherent difficulty in the system to confirm fraud in the election system . "  We thought with two Republicans in charge they would work with us , " DeLancy said . "  Even when we do the right thing , the authorities do n't really care . " His group also challenged 130 people who are on the voter rolls who got out of jury duty for saying they were n't a citizen . But the board of elections rejected their challenge . Despite falling short on the fraud front , the group has had some impact , including pushing the state to conduct more thorough list maintenance . He has played a role in removing about 30,000 people from the voter rolls , most of whom had died , which was confirmed by a state-led audit . That 's in addition to an ongoing state issued review of another 155,000 people who are also registered in other states . And to the chagrin of some and the delight of others , they 've helped to raise the issue to a whole new level in the state . "  They 've caused bureaucratic wheels to turn , " Cobb said . Lawson said they welcome the work DeLancy - and all good governance groups - are doing . The state is looking into some of VIP 's findings , including 149 instancevs of people with the same name and birthday who voted in North Carolina and in Florida . But Bob Hall , executive director of Democracy North Carolina , a voter protection organization , said DeLancy 's group does "  sloppy " research and submits piles of claims to the board of elections to sift through with no substantial outcome . "  They have the appearance of being a research group but they operate like a witch hunt group , " Hall said . "  That 's not useful . " DeLancy dismisses his critics and states the overall goal . "  We want to figure out how people are voting multiple times . That 's the whole ball game , " he said . Complete coverage : 2014 midterms	Voter Integrity Project polices the election system to root out fraud in North Carolina elections Opponents say his efforts are intimidating voters The amount of fraud in the Tar Heel State is unknown , but some irregularities have been found North Carolina passed one of the strictest voter ID laws in the country
Edward Snowden , the National Security Agency leaker , has given a wide-ranging interview to The Washington Post about the effects of the startling information he shared this year with journalists , shedding light on the U.S. surveillance apparatus . The revelations from Snowden , a former NSA contractor , about the American government 's surveillance of its citizens and allies have generated fierce debate over intelligence-gathering practices . Here are five key takeaways from the interview , the first Snowden has given in person since he arrived in Russia in June . Snowden says ... 1 . His mission is ` already accomplished ' "  For me , in terms of personal satisfaction , the mission 's already accomplished . I already won , " Snowden told The Washington Post 's Barton Gellman in Moscow . "  As soon as the journalists were able to work , everything that I had been trying to do was validated . Because , remember , I did n't want to change society . I wanted to give society a chance to determine if it should change itself . " Snowden left his job in Hawaii with the NSA contract firm Booz Allen Hamilton and fled to Hong Kong in May , taking with him a hoard of secret information about intelligence programs . He shared the files with Gellman and journalists from The Guardian , a British newspaper . The ensuing articles about how the NSA hoovers up vast amounts of phone and Internet data about American citizens sparked an uproar , with Snowden described as a hero by some and a traitor by others . Many more articles about other controversial aspects of U.S. surveillance have followed , and Snowden has said there 's plenty more information still to be revealed . His actions have had clear consequences . A review of NSA surveillance practices ordered by the White House has recommended changes to the program , including greater judicial oversight and more public transparency in the collection of data . Key American allies , like Germany and Brazil , have publicly condemned U.S. surveillance of their leaders . "  All I wanted was for the public to be able to have a say in how they are governed , " Snowden said . "  That is a milestone we left a long time ago . Right now , all we are looking at are stretch goals . " Gellman told CNN that his impression was not that Snowden was gloating , but that his goal to strip some of the secrecy off the NSA 's activities had been achieved . 2 . He 's become ` an indoor cat ' Snowden has so far managed to dodge the U.S. government 's attempts to bring him back to America to face charges of espionage and theft of government property . And he 's not taking any chances as he lives in asylum in Russia . Gellman reported that during more than 14 hours of conversations in Moscow , Snowden did n't once "  part the curtains or step outside . " Snowden , 30 , described his life as that of an "  indoor cat . " He said he does n't drink alcohol and lives on ramen noodles and chips . "  It has always been really difficult to get me to leave the house , " he told Gellman . "  I just do n't have a lot of needs . ... Occasionally there 's things to go do , things to go see , people to meet , tasks to accomplish . But it 's really got to be goal-oriented , you know . Otherwise , as long as I can sit down and think and write and talk to somebody , that 's more meaningful to me than going out and looking at landmarks . " Gellman said Snowden is the kind of person who usually keeps to himself indoors anyway . He said Snowden does not want to continuing being part of the story , but wants to see his cause advance . Snowden has had continuous access to the Internet and talks to journalists and his lawyers on a daily basis , the Post reported . People who visit him bring him books , but he does n't read them , preferring to get his information from the Internet . Gellman reported that it was unclear to what degree Snowden was under surveillance by Russian authorities , saying that "  no retinue " accompanied Snowden and that he did n't see anybody else nearby . 3 . He raised flags before going public Snowden said some other people who worked for the NSA 's surveillance system also had misgivings about the activities . He told Gellman that he raised concerns with colleagues and with superiors in the NSA 's Technology Directorate and the NSA Threat Operations Center 's regional base in Hawaii . His co-workers were often "  astonished to learn we are collecting more in the United States on Americans than we are on Russians in Russia , " Snowden told the Post . A lot of his colleagues were disturbed by what they heard , Snowden said , and several asked him not to tell them any more . "  I asked these people , ` What do you think the public would do if this was on the front page ? ' " he said , according to the Post . "  How is that not reporting it ? How is that not raising it ? " he said in response to criticism that he circumvented the NSA 's internal channels for disagreement . The NSA said in a statement to the Post that it had "  not found any evidence to support Mr. Snowden 's contention that he brought these matters to anyone 's attention . " 4 . The intelligence community 's overseers ` elected ' him Snowden has faced widespread criticism over his actions from Obama administration officials and members of Congress . But he told Gellman that the U.S. government left him little choice . Asked why he felt entitled to bring the NSA 's intrusive activities to public attention , Snowden told the Post : "  That whole question -- who elected you ? -- inverts the model . They elected me . The overseers . " He singled out the chairmen of the Senate and House intelligence committees , Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Mike Rogers , both of whom have voiced criticism of his leaks . "  It was n't that they put it on me as an individual -- that I 'm uniquely qualified , an angel descending from the heavens -- as that they put it on someone , somewhere , " he said . "  You have the capability , and you realize every other  person  sitting around the table has the same capability but they do n't do it . So somebody has to be the first . " He said his aim was not to bring down the NSA , but to improve it . "  I am still working for the NSA right now , " he said . "  They are the only ones who do n't realize it . " 5 . Personal attacks do n't faze him Ever since he stepped into the public eye , Snowden has insisted that he should not be at the center of the story . The real issue , he says , is the NSA 's far-reaching surveillance programs . He maintained that stance with Gellman , saying that he 's shrugged off personal attacks against him with the intent of keeping the focus on the NSA . "  Let them say what they want , " he said . "  It 's not about me . " He dismissed suggestions that he 's made any deals with the governments of the countries where he 's taken refuge from U.S. authorities . "  There is no evidence at all for the claim that I have loyalties to Russia or China or any country other than the United States , " Snowden told Gellman . "  I have no relationship with the Russian government . I have not entered into any agreements with them . " "  If I defected at all , " Snowden said , "  I defected from the government to the public . "	Edward Snowden gives an interview in person to The Washington Post His mission is "  already accomplished , " he says He describes his daily life as that of an "  indoor cat " Snowden says he raised concerns about surveillance to his colleagues and superiors
CNN  -- A railroad station crush left 36 people dead Sunday among tens of millions of Hindu pilgrims flocking to the banks of the Ganges River for the world 's largest religious gathering , authorities reported . The stampede occurred about 7 p.m. after someone fell from a platform bridge in Allahabad , the scene of this year 's Kumbh Mela festival , North-Central Railway spokesman Sandeep Mathur said . He said the station was overcrowded with pilgrims , but denied reports that the bridge had collapsed . In addition to the 36 killed , more than 30 people were injured in the stampede , according to Mathur . Earlier , 10 people were reported dead . An estimated 40 million people came to Allahabad , in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , on Sunday to bathe at the confluence of the Yamuna and Ganges rivers and the mythical Saraswati River . It 's the most significant Hindu pilgrimage , occurring every 12 years , Indian cultural and political observer K. G. Suresh said . "  The Hindus believe that a dip in the confluence of the Ganges , Yamuna and the Saraswati on this occasion helps get rid of all worldly sins , " Suresh said . Sunday was the main day for bathing of the 55-day Kumbh Mela . In Hindu mythology , Allahabad is one of the four places where drops of the "  nectar of immortality " contained in a pitcher fell to earth as gods and demons fought for it . The holy bathing began on Saturday afternoon and peaked after midnight , festival official Satish Kumar Sharma said . More than 12,000 police officers were guarding the nearly 20-square-kilometer  7.7-square-mile  site , India 's government said . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he was "  deeply shocked " by the deaths and promised to extend "  all possible help " to state authorities . "  I send my heartfelt condolences to the members of the bereaved families and wish those injured a speedy recovery , " Singh said in a statement issued by his office . He pledged that those injured and the families of those killed would receive compensation .	NEW : In addition to the dead , over 30 were hurt in Allahabad , a railway spokesman says The rail station stampede mars the world 's largest religious festival An estimated 40 million Hindu pilgrims came to bathe in the Ganges River India 's prime minister says he 's "  deeply shocked " by the deaths
CNN  -- Barcelona and Atletico Madrid remain virtually inseparable in La Liga after Saturday night 's top-of-the-table clash at the Vicente Calderon Stadium ended in a 0-0 draw . As the season reaches its halfway point , both the Catalans and the Red and Whites have 50 points , with only Barcelona 's superior goal difference separating the two teams . The first half was a tight affair with both teams careful not to give away an early advantage in what could be a decisive game in the fight for the title . Read more : Who will be crowned world 's best footballer ? Despite scoring twice in his comeback match against Getafe in midweek , Lionel Messi once again started on the bench but came on for the injured Andres Iniesta at halftime . The Argentine 's introduction gave Barca more bite in attack but still Atletico held firm . Neymar 's arrival in the 66th minute -- the Brazilian striker also started on the bench after missing the match against Getafe with a bout of gastroenteritis -- added another string to Barcelona 's attacking bow but a goal did n't materialize . Messi , who will be hoping to retain FIFA 's Ballon D'Or when the winner is announced on Monday , passed and probed but could n't find a way through . His best chance came nine minutes from the end but the 26-year-old was denied by a fine save from Atletico 's Belgian keeper Thibaut Courtois . Diego Simeone 's side had their moments too with Diego Costa narrowly missing out at the far post when Brazilian defender Miranda flicked on Koke 's corner kick in the 28th minute . Turkish midfielder Arda Turan , who provided much of the Atletico 's creative spark , also saw a chance go begging with 12 minutes to go -- his mistimed volley easily scooped up by Barcelona 's keeper Victor Valdes . Both teams are now six points ahead of third place Real Madrid , but Carlo Ancelotti 's side will reduce their arrears to three if they beat Espanyol on Sunday . In Saturday 's other La Liga fixtures , fouth-placed Athletic Bilbao romped to a 6-1 victory over Almeria while Valencia 's stuttering season continued as they went down 2-1 at Celta Vigo . Two matches were played in Serie A on Saturday with Parma climbing to seventh after running out 3-0 winners at second-from-bottom Livorno while the match between Bologna and Lazio ending goalless . League leaders Juventus travel to Cagliari on Sunday with second place Roma entertaining Genoa . Fifth place Hellas Verona host third place Napoli and Fiorentina , who are currently fourth , travel to Torino . Inter play Chievo Verona at the San Siro on Monday evening . Read more : Relief for Moyes as Man Utd stop the rot Read more : Does football take homophobia seriously ?	La Liga 's top two sides play out 0-0 draw as season reaches halfway point Both Barca and Atletico have 50 points from 19 games with Barca top on goal difference Real Madrid can close gap with leaders to three points with win at Espanyol on Sunday
CNN  -- What could possibly draw 500,000 spectators to a Taiwan harbor front in the midst of typhoon Usagi threats ? A giant inflatable rubber duck , of course . After stirring up a duck craze in Hong Kong in May and June , the 18-meter inflatable duck created by Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman arrived at Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan last Thursday . Some 500,000 people showed up to see the duck within five days , including on Saturday , when officials suspended the exhibition due to the expected arrival of Usagi . Kaohsiung City 's love affair with the bird was kindled in 2009 when government officials went to see it on show in Osaka . More : 40 Taiwanese foods we ca n't live without "  When we found out the rubber duck was coming to Hong Kong this year , we sent Hofman photos of Kaohsiung City and our mayor sent him a letter , " said Zeno Lai , director general of the Kaohsiung Government Information Bureau and also the event 's spokesperson . "  By the time we met Hofman in Hong Kong in June , he said more than 300 cities had contacted him for the next exhibition , including more than 20 cities in Taiwan , " said Lai . How Kaohsiung City won the duck 's heart According to Lai , Hofman was persuaded to bring his rubber duck to Kaohsiung by the city 's tremendous enthusiasm for the unusual display . Hofman has been gratified by the royal treatment he and his duck have received in Kaohsiung , said Lai . "  We understand there were minor technical issues with the duck when it was in Hong Kong and Beijing , so we tested everything at least three times , " said Lai . "  We have already drafted emergency plans in case of bad weather or of harm being inflicted by visitors . " More : Fowl play ? Giant rubber duck drowns in Hong Kong The duck , which had to be assembled in Taiwan rather than floated all the way there or flown , is inflated by a new air pump made by the Kaohsiung event team . "  The rubber duck usually takes more than an hour to be inflated , " said Lai . "  But in Kaohsiung , it only takes seven minutes . " The team has promised to pass on its new techniques and any lessons learned to other Taiwanese cities set to receive the duck . The yellow bird will be docked at Kaohsiung City until October 20 , before floating to Taoyuan and Keelung in northern Taiwan  that 's apparently not too far for a big duck to float  later this year . The spectacle is expected to lure more than 3 million visitors to the harbor and generate tens of millions of dollars in revenue for the city . Kaohsiung City has a population of about 2.3 million people , so many spectators from outside the city will be making the trek just for the duck . After the duck 's first week in the city , final attendance figures are likely to exceed initial estimates . Find more on Hofman and his famed fowl at the duck 's official website . More : How the big rubber duck was born	Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman 's giant rubber duck tour arrives in Taiwan Taiwanese team has impressed Hofman with new pumping technology that inflates duck in seven minutes Exhibition expected to draw more than 3 million visitors and generate $ 30 million in revenue
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A plane crash in Kenya on Wednesday killed four people , emergency workers said . The crash occurred in the country 's Maasai Mara national park , said Sean Culligan , chief operations officer for Flying Doctors , which is assisting in the response . Two Kenyan pilots and two Germans were killed , according to emergency workers . In Washington , a State Department spokeswoman said Americans also were on the plane . "  We can confirm that four U.S. citizens were injured in a plane crash today in Kenya , " Laura Seal said . "  Officials from the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi are providing appropriate consular assistance . Due to privacy considerations , we can not provide further details . " Flying Doctors is a Nairobi-based charity that evacuates people from medical emergencies in East Africa and does air ambulance transfers between medical facilities . It also flies doctors to remote areas to provide health care . The charity has been operating since 1957 . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Two Kenyans and two Germans were killed in the crash Four U.S. citizens also were on board , the U.S. State Department says The State Department did not release further details
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says it 's time to get over the fact that baseball turned a blind eye to steroid use . CNN  -- I loved baseball as a kid . I still have fond memories of my siblings and me , members of the "  Astro Buddies " club , heading to the Astrodome , the eighth wonder of the world , to watch the Houston Astros play . I played the game in elementary and high school . But now , I 'm sick of it , especially when steroids are brought up . The latest baseball drama surrounds a New York Times report quoting two lawyers who say that former Chicago Cubs slugger Sammy Sosa 's name was on a list of players who tested positive for an illegal substance in 2003 . The list supposedly contains more than 100 names of players who tested positive that year . This report comes on the heels of Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees admitting that he used performance-enhancing drugs a few years ago ; Manny Ramirez testing positive and suspended for 50 games ; and the continuing drama surrounding Roger Clemens . All three were considered locks for the Hall of Fame . But based on what we keep hearing , that 'll never happen in this holier-than-thou era . OK , got it . Baseball had a terrible drug problem . Now they have a drug testing plan in place that has some teeth in it . So , can we just move the hell on ? Seriously , I 'm tired of rehashing the drama . As a sports enthusiast , I would love nothing better than to think that athletes in baseball , football , basketball or any other sport are as pure as heroes from yesteryear . But cheating is cheating . It has been around from Day One , and if a player thinks he can get an edge , well , it 's a good bet some will try to get it . Sosa has always been suspected of using drugs , but now that two lawyers say they saw his name on the infamous sheet , he has gone , according to Rick Telander 's column in the Chicago Sun-Times , "  from hero to zero . " But you know what ? I do n't care . Can we just all accept the fact that all of baseball -- players , management , owners , the unions -- turned a blind eye to performance-enhancing drugs ravaging the sport ? And they did so because baseball was on its way to being comparable to the National Hockey League or soccer in the U.S. -- irrelevant to sports fans . After the strike in 1994 wiped out the World Series , fans were angry and did n't give a lick about the sport . But then came 1998 and the home-run derby put on by St. Louis Cardinal Mark McGwire and Sosa , both trying to break the record of 61 homers in a year set by Roger Maris of the New York Yankees . Fans were riveted by the hitting prowess of the two , and people were following their every at-bat . I was working at KRLD-AM in Dallas , Texas , that summer , and we would break into programming to broadcast the call of their at-bats when they were about to break the record . Yea , everyone had Sosa-McGwire fever . Baseball became relevant again . The players redeemed themselves , management was happy to say they worked for the sport , and the owners were delirious because the money came rolling in . So there we have it . All of baseball pulled a Robert Johnson , as in the legend of the classic blues singer who supposedly got his gift for music by making a pact with the devil . Or maybe more like Judas . The sport turned in its integrity for a few pieces of silver . Let 's just accept this as a fact , acknowledge those were the dark days and move on . It 's just tiring to keep going back to what happened then . It 's done . It 's over . So let it go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland S. Martin : Baseball was in the doldrums until 1998 home-run race Martin : Mark McGwire-Sammy Sosa race to break home-run record stirred interest Martin says baseball had a terrible drug problem But he says it 's time to turn the page on baseball 's deal with devil
Polish football officials were left red-faced on Tuesday after their World Cup qualifier against England was postponed because of a waterlogged pitch -- despite Warsaw 's national stadium boasting a retractable roof . A heavy downpour started more than four hours before the match but the roof on the stadium was never closed , so allowing the pitch to become unplayable . "  It 's up to the people whose responsibility it is to run the stadium for them to decide when the roof needs to be on , or if it needs to be on , " England manager Roy Hodgson said . "  No one will be more disappointed than them that the roof had n't gone on and the pitch was playable . " World governing body FIFA delayed kick-off to see if conditions improved but the referee called the game off 45 minutes after it should have started , rescheduling the match for Wednesday afternoon . The 58,000-capacity stadium was specifically built for the 2012 European Championship , at a cost of nearly $ 650 million , which Poland co-hosted in June along with neighbors Ukraine . Polish organizers later stated that they were unable to take a unilateral decision to open or close a roof since they needed clearance from FIFA to do so . "  It takes 15 minutes to close the roof . However , this can not happen in a temperature below zero , with very strong wind , and rain deposited on the folded roof , " added Daria Kuklinska , a spokeswoman for the stadium operator . It was a mixed night for England , whose Under-21 side qualified for next year 's European Championship when beating Serbia in a game in Krusevac that ended with ugly scenes and the visitors reporting "  a number of incidents of racism " to European governing body UEFA . "  The FA condemns both the scenes of racism and the confrontation at the final whistle during which time our players and staff were under extreme provocation , " said the English FA in a statement . Among the World Cup qualifiers that were played on Tuesday , Germany were held 4-4 at home by Sweden despite leading by four goals with an hour gone . A brace from Miroslav Klose had helped Germany assume a seemingly unassailable lead in Berlin only for Sweden to take advantage of an uncharacteristic lack of German resilience , as Rasmus Elm dramatically earned a point deep in the 93rd minute . Another team to be denied in the last minute were Spain , whose remarkable run of 24 consecutive wins in qualifying games -- which stretched back to 2007 -- was ended when drawing 1-1 at home to 1998 World Cup winners France in Madrid . Sergio Ramos gave the world and European champions an early lead which Cesc Fabregas failed to double when his first-half penalty was saved -- leaving the visitors to earn a deserved point when Olivier Giroud headed home deep in stoppage time . Elsewhere , an historic night for Cristiano Ronaldo -- who was winning his 100th cap for Portugal -- was upstaged by visitors Northern Ireland , who led for large parts of the game in Porto before Helder Postiga earned a 1-1 draw just ten minutes from time . Ronaldo had started the night in high spirits as he was presented with a special cap to mark the occasion but after the match , the Real Madrid star left the pitch in pouring rain sporting a face like thunder . In other games , Russia needed a fortuitous 84th minute penalty to defeat Azerbaijan 1-0 in Moscow , Belgium continued their impressive form when beating Scotland 2-0 at home while Italy made light of losing Pablo Osvaldo to a red card after 46 minutes as they won 3-1 in Milan against Denmark . In South America , Uruguay -- who finished third at the World Cup two years ago -- were humbled in La Paz where Bolivia won 4-1 , with Luis Suarez scoring a consolation goal for the visitors late on .	Poland 's home tie with England delayed 24 hours by waterlogged pitch Germany let slip a four-goal lead at home as Sweden net late on to claim dramatic 4-4 draw Spain 's remarkable run of 24 successive qualifying wins ends when held by France in Madrid Ronaldo 's 100th cap overshadowed as Portugal salvage 1-1 draw at home to Northern Ireland
