CNN  -- The Pakistani president Tuesday said his country provided initial help that ultimately led to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , but he said it had no clue about the terror mastermind 's whereabouts and did n't participate in the U.S. raid to kill the top militant . Asif Ali Zardari , writing in a Washington Post op-ed column , said that the raid was not a "  joint operation " and bin Laden "  was not anywhere we had anticipated he would be . " "  And we in Pakistan take some satisfaction that our early assistance in identifying an al Qaeda courier ultimately led to this day , " Zardari said , referring to the trusted bin Laden aide whose movements helped the United States find the al Qaeda leader . U.S. politicians and military officials have roundly criticized Pakistan for not being more robust in the fight against al Qaeda , the Taliban and other militants who have a strong presence along the Afghan-Pakistani border . But Zardari defended Pakistan 's anti-terror activities , saying there has been "  a decade of cooperation and partnership between the United States " and his country that ultimately led to bin Laden 's death . Zardari said he "  endorses the words " of and "  appreciates the credit " from U.S. President Barack Obama about Pakistan 's role . In his announcement of bin Laden 's death , Obama said it 's "  important to note that our counterterrorism cooperation with Pakistan helped lead us to bin Laden and the compound where he was hiding . " Zardari said that "  some in the U.S. press have suggested that Pakistan lacked vitality in its pursuit of terrorism , or worse yet , that we were disingenuous and actually protected the terrorists we claimed to be pursuing . Such baseless speculation may make exciting cable news , but it does n't reflect fact . "  Pakistan had as much reason to despise al Qaeda as any nation . The war on terrorism is as much Pakistan 's war as it is America 's . And though it may have started with bin Laden , the forces of modernity and moderation remain under serious threat , " Zardari said . He emphasized that Pakistan "  paid an enormous price for its stand against terrorism , " noting that the country lost thousands of soldiers , police , and civilians in the battle . He also mentioned his late wife , Benazir Bhutto , the Pakistani politician who was assassinated in 2007 . "  Justice against bin Laden was not just political ; it was also personal , as the terrorists murdered our greatest leader , the mother of my children . Twice he tried to assassinate my wife . In 1989 he poured $ 50 million into a no-confidence vote to topple her first government . She said that she was bin Laden 's worst nightmare -- a democratically elected , progressive , moderate , pluralistic female leader . She was right , and she paid for it with her life , " he said . He said the Taliban reacted to bin Laden 's death "  by blaming the government of Pakistan and calling for retribution against its leaders , and specifically against me as the nation 's president . " But Zardari said Pakistanis wo n't be "  intimidated . " "  Pakistan has never been and never will be the hotbed of fanaticism that is often described by the media , " he said .	Zardari defends Pakistan in a Washington Post op-ed He claims "  early assistance " helped lead to bin Laden 's courier Zardari says there have been years of cooperation
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Syria 's military spokesman says more than 400 members of security forces have been killed in the months-long unrest that has taken hold in the country , a charge that came as videos surfaced allegedly showing children killed in the violence . In an interview with CNN in Damascus , Maj. Gen. Riad Haddad said that 1,300 security personnel also were wounded , and that 300 soldiers , 60 security officials and 50 police died in the violence . He also has said 700 people , whom he described as terrorists , and their families had fled Syrian authorities for Turkey . Haddad offered no details about the killings of the security forces other than to blame the deaths on armed gangs . CNN can not independently verify the claim . President Bashar al-Assad has faced growing criticism from leaders in the United States , Europe and elsewhere over his government 's violent clampdown on demonstrators . Al-Assad has repeatedly blamed "  armed gangs " in explaining its military crackdowns , which have pushed thousands of Syrians to flee to Turkey . Security sources in Lebanon told CNN that about 1,000 Syrians have crossed into Lebanon near the town of Hermel . Months of protests have left more than 1,100 dead , according to human rights activists . But the extent of the carnage is not clear . About 10,000 people have been jailed since mid-March when the protests began , said Rami Abdelrahman , head of the London-based Syria Observatory for Human Rights . CNN can not independently verify the claims of the activist or the human rights group . Haddad 's claim came as two videos surfaced on YouTube purporting to show a 13-year-old boy killed Friday in al-Kiswah , a suburb of Damascus . In the video , a hand is seen turning the head of the boy to reveal what appears to be a surgical scar . The boy 's mother is also seen in the video moaning and cursing al-Assad and his security forces . A voice on the video identifies the boy as Ridah Alawiyah . In another video , mourners are seen at a funeral for two children and a man who were said to have been killed in a Damascus suburb . Mourners can be heard chanting : "  Patience oh Assad , patience , we will dig your grave . " While the videos appeared to be from Syria , CNN was not able to independently verify their authenticity . The network 's reporters had been barred until recently from officially entering Syria , and its reporting about events inside the country had been limited largely to what the network was able to piece together based on official government reports , witnesses in the country and accounts and videos posted on the Internet . Meanwhile , Syrian state TV reported that some of the thousands who fled to Turkey to escape a military offensive have begun to return to their homes . About 730 people returned to the town of Jisr al-Shugur , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported . But more than 11,400 Syrians are still in Turkey , the Turkish government said Sunday . SANA said some residents returned to find electricity , water and phone lines ransacked by armed groups . But opposition activists countered SANA 's report , saying about 500 people were detained in neighboring villages and sent to Jisr al-Shugur ahead of the media 's arrival . Jameel Saib , a Syrian activist who lives on the other side of the border in Turkey , said he saw an interview with an alleged shop owner of a store in Jisr al-Shugur but "  everyone knows that is not actually the man that owns the store . " Mohammed Fedo , another activist who lives on the Turkish side of the border , said about 300 to 400 Syrians returned to Jisr al-Shugur because conditions in the refugee camps in Turkey were unbearable . Fedo said residents who were returning to Jisr al-Shugur were reporting arrests and killings by security forces . Both activists said they had received reports from residents who said Syrian security forces had entered two towns , Najay and Habosh . Fedo said residents were reporting that Syrian forces were firing indiscriminately . Haddad , the military spokesman , told CNN the military did enter Habosh but there was no evidence of violence , arrests or casualties . He denied security forces entered Najay . CNN can not independently verify the claims of the activists or Haddad . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Jomana Karadsheh and Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	NEW : Security sources say that about 1,000 Syrians crossed into Lebanon Syrian military official says 1,300 security personnel wounded Activists say Syrian troops are arresting people returning from refugee camps 700 "  terrorists " and their families flee Syria for Turkey , general says
CNN  -- An Iranian actress has been sentenced to a year in jail and 90 lashes for appearing in a film critical of the country 's government , an opposition website said . Actress Marzieh Vafamehr stars in the recently released "  My Tehran , For Sale , " which challenges the limits imposed on artists in the Islamic republic , according to the website , Kaleme . "  As producers of the film ... we would like to express our deep shock and sadness at the sentence imposed by the Iranian government against actress Marzieh Vafamehr and we continue to offer our support to Marzieh and her family by respecting their wishes to let the case and the appeal follow the proper legal channels , " said Kate Croser and Julie Ryan . The movie features Vafamehr playing an actress who is banned from working in Iran and then tries to leave , the Kaleme website said . The website did not offer specifics about what Vafamehr was convicted of or when she was sentenced . In August , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said it had interviewed the actress 's husband , Iranian filmmaker Nasser Taghvai . "  It is a bitter tale why our artists should end up in prison for their profession ; this is so painful . An actor can not say I would do this in a film , or I would n't do that in a film .  If they did ,  nobody would give them work anymore , " the rights group quoted Taghvai as saying on its website . "  This film has a producer and a director . If there is a problem , they should be accountable , " he was quoted as saying . "  Why should my wife be punished for them ? These arrests have a bad reflection both inside and outside the country . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	The film producers express "  deep shock and sadness " Actress Marzieh Vafamehr stars in the film , "  My Tehran , For Sale " There are no specifics about what Vafamehr was convicted of or when she was sentenced Opposition group says actress is sentenced to a year in jail and 90 lashes
CNN  The University of North Carolina will pay whistleblower Mary Willingham $ 335,000 to settle her lawsuit with the university , following the largest academic fraud scandal in NCAA history . Willingham is the former athletics literacy counselor who blew the whistle about the fake classes that went on for nearly 20 years at the prestigious university . Willingham spent years fielding attacks from university officials -- including accusations that she was lying when she said that officials within the athletic department steered underprepared athletes into the fake classes to keep them eligible . For nearly five years , UNC denied those claims , but Willingham refused to keep quiet . She first told her story to the News & Observer in Raleigh , and then to national media when the university refused to admit that the classes were well-known to faculty . The added attention forced UNC to hire a new investigator and launch a new probe in 2014 . That latest review , led by Ken Wainstein , a 19-year veteran of the U.S. Justice Department , found exactly what Willingham had always claimed -- widespread and systematic cheating . Willingham left her job last spring after complaining that she was being retaliated against . "  The University 's settlement with Mrs. Willingham resolves all of the outstanding legal issues in the case , " said Rick White , associate vice chancellor of communications and public affairs . "  We appreciate the efforts of the mediator to help us achieve a successful and timely conclusion to the mediation . We believe the settlement is in the best interest of the University and allows us to move forward and fully focus on other important issues . " When she sued , Willingham said she hoped to accomplish what no other investigation has done -- to subpoena documents and to depose university officials under oath . Her lawsuit never got that far . Instead , she says she 's hoping that will be accomplished by a larger class-action lawsuit filed by powerhouse attorney Michael Hausfeld on behalf of two former UNC athletes . Devon Ramsay and Rashanda McCants both sued in January , saying they were promised an education but did n't get one because of the paper class scandal . Hausfeld is the attorney who beat the NCAA last summer in federal court on behalf of former UCLA player Ed O'Bannon , winning a case that will forever change college sports by forcing the NCAA to eliminate the rule that forbids schools from paying players . That lawsuit is the reason Willingham says she was OK with entering into mediation in her whistleblower suit . She shared the settlement document with CNN . "  It 's about the students and not about me . I do n't need it to be about me , " Willingham said . "  I got an education , but those students left without one , and we still have a system that does n't work . And so I 'm hopeful that  the Hausfeld lawsuit  will move forward and prove that  NCAA Division I  schools all across the country have a flawed system where a promise of an education is n't happening , and therefore these students are getting nothing . " Willingham is co-founder of Paper Class Inc. , which serves as a portal and rallying point for the college sports reform movement and includes a program to give students reading help in middle school . CNN Analysis : Some college athletes play like adults , read like fifth-graders	Mary Willingham accused UNC of holding fake classes that helped athletes stay in school The university denied the charge for years , but independent investigation confirmed it
Beijing  CNN  -- The wife of Ai Weiwei was taken from the Chinese artist 's studio by police Tuesday and was questioned for three hours , the high-profile dissident said . Four policemen took Lu Qing from the Beijing studio to a nearby police station , he said . She was released by police after questioning and is now a "  criminal suspect , " he said . They have not told her what crimes she is accused of , he added . "  I think the authorities are trying to threaten me through her , " he said , speculating that Lu 's arrest was related to her plans to visit Taiwan for an exhibition of her husband 's work . She has now been told to stay in Beijing , he added . Police did not respond to a CNN request for comment on the case . "  Nobody can consider himself safe or innocent in an environment like this , " said the dissident , who was himself detained by police for 81 days earlier this year . He was ultimately charged with tax evasion , and last week paid $ 1.3 million so he can contest the charges brought against his company , Fake Cultural Development Ltd. . Had he not paid the sum , his wife -- who legally represents the company -- would have been jailed , he said . The government says the company owes 15 million yuan  $ 2.3 million  . The money was raised from 30,000 contributors , he said . His lawyer , Pu Zhiqiang , said last week that Ai intends to return the donations if he wins the case and is refunded the money . His family and human rights advocates believe that the real reason for his imprisonment is his criticism of the Chinese government . Ai was released on bail in June because of his good attitude and medical concerns , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Local authorities held a closed hearing in July on the tax evasion allegations , despite demands for an open hearing from Ai and the company 's lawyers . According to the artist , authorities also declined their demand to publish the accounting records and other evidence that lead to the tax evasion charge . Ai said earlier this month he was initially detained and imprisoned on charges of "  subversion of state power , " but upon his release the charge was changed to tax evasion .	Lu Qing is released after questioning but told she is now a criminal suspect She is not told what the charges are , Ai says The dissident artist thinks the authorities are trying to threaten him through her He is fighting charges of tax evasion which supporters say are politically motivated
CNN  -- The nation 's colleges have a serious rape problem . Five percent of college women experience rape or attempted rape every year on campus . Most universities are doing little to nothing about this . From 1998 to 2000 , I was an assistant dean of students at the University of Virginia . Of the six universities where I have worked , the University of Virginia stands out among them for not only the frequency of rape allegations but also for the unresponsiveness of administrators . This issue , which affects so many students , is finally coming into light , led by the excellent reporting of Sabrina Rudin Erdely in Rolling Stone , detailing an alleged , horrific gang rape in a Virginia fraternity . Only now is the university really doing anything about it , some two years later . Its most recent action is to suspend all fraternities through Jan. 9 , some 45 days or so . To an outsider this might seem like an admirable first step . In reality , it is a farce . Suspending fraternities ' functions at this point essentially means that they are not able to have official parties during the week between Thanksgiving and final exams . One week . Fraternities are self-supporting houses off campus anyway , so who is to say they wo n't just have a social gathering in their houses and not call it a party ? The trouble runs deeper , though . Recent interviews with university administrators show that they are highly reluctant to expel a student who commits rape  watch this eye-opening video  . When I worked there , I was once asked to meet with a student who had been found responsible for sexual assault . He was instructed to read a book about sexual assault and then discuss it with me . That hardly seems like an adequate punishment . I also sat through sexual assault board hearings where clear cut cases of rape occurred and supported survivors when they found out that the perpetrator was found "  not responsible . " In most cases I was aware of , male students were not found responsible . Occasionally suspensions would occur ; those were , of course , temporary . During my tenure there , rape survivors would commonly tell me that they had wanted to file charges against their attacker but were told by administrators that their cases were more fit for mediation . It is unconscionable to mediate a felony . And in fact , the Office of Civil Rights for the U.S. Department of Education ordered universities in 2011 to stop mediating rape cases . But the Office of Civil Rights does n't seem to have deterred Virginia much . In a morally abhorrent move -- one I hope will be found illegal by the civil rights office during its investigation of the university 's handling of sexual assaults -- Virginia actually offered complainants a process for an "  informal resolution " that sounds just like a mediation process . It also theoretically allows the school to avoid publicly acknowledging a rape happened and ignores the threat to the safety of the community . Men who are responsible for rape need expulsion , not just a chance to give an insincere apology to avoid serious consequences . Let 's remember that while recent news makes the University of Virginia seems more egregious than most institutions , a lot of students there are making a big difference -- men in the One in Four chapter and women in the One Less organization . They are pushing hard to make a difference They are working hard to educate their fellow students about the reality of rape and how to prevent it , and we all need to support them . We also need to remember that ultimately , we do n't do a lot of good focusing on just one university . It is time to use research-based programs like The Men 's Program , The Women 's Program , Green Dot , MVP and Bringing in the Bystander to eradicate this problem . Furthermore , we need universities to have adjudication processes that are accessible to and trusted by students . Let 's all work together to create a culture that reliably prevents rape and punishes rapists .	John Foubert : There 's a rape problem on college campuses . Most universities do little about it Rolling Stone article highlights alleged gang rape at University of Virginia When he was assistant dean there , administrators responded poorly to rape allegations Foubert : Men responsible for rape need expulsion . Colleges must educate , not tolerate
CNN  -- It was silver in Sochi -- but Austria 's Marcel Hirscher was back on top after winning the World Cup slalom crystal globe . Hirscher defeated Germany 's Felix Neureuther after recording a time of 2 minutes 07.74 seconds to win the overall World Cup title for the third year in succession . Hirscher showed little sign of nerves in Lenzerheide , Switzerland , as he kept his cool throughout to overturn a five point deficit . "  I knew it would be all or nothing , " Hirscher told reporters . "  Only the result counted . "  I laid down a marker on the first leg and on the second we saw that the course-setting made little difference . "  It did n't really suit me , but I was still quick . " Hirscher added : "  With this slalom crystal globe , I 've fulfilled another wish and goal , my season 's perfect . " Olympic slalom champion Mario Matt finished third and claimed 60 points to take him up to sixth in the overall standings . In the women 's event , Austria 's Anna Fenninger won the giant slalom race after finishing 0.25 seconds ahead of teammate Eva-Maria Brem . The victory earned Fenninger both the small and big globe as the season 's top overall skier after seeing off Sweden 's Jessica Lindell-Vikarby . "  It was an unbelievable day for me , " Fenninger told the competition 's official website . "  There are a lot of emotions for me today . It was a great battle for the giant slalom globe with Jessica and I am and just really happy with today and the entire week in Lenzerheide . " Fenninger ended the season in the top-three of every discipline with the exception of slalom .	Marcel Hirscher wins World Cup slalom crystal globe Austria 's Hirscher defeted Germany 's Felix Neureuther Anna Fenninger won women 's giant slalom Austria 's Fenninger won small and big globes
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council urged Yemen to have "  credible , non-violent and peaceful elections " but said it is "  gravely concerned by the humanitarian situation " in the Middle East country . In a statement released Wednesday the council said it "  welcomed the progress that had been made on implementing the political transition " in Yemen , But along with the worsening humanitarian situation the council voiced "  concern at the deteriorating security situation and the increasing presence of Al Qaeda . " Embattled Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh left Yemen on Sunday and started a trip to the United States to get medical care . Saleh was wounded in a June bomb attack on his presidential palace . Last year , Saleh signed a Gulf Cooperation Council brokered power transfer deal aimed at ending his country 's months-long political crisis . Last week , lawmakers in Yemen approved a controversial law giving Saleh immunity from prosecution -- a key element of the deal with the Gulf Cooperation Council . In return , Saleh will step down from power next month after ruling the country for more than 33 years . Although the deal was hailed by opposition parties in Yemen , youth protesters and international rights groups called the immunity a violation of international law . Protesters have demonstrated for months , calling for Saleh to step down . Elections are scheduled for next month in Yemen .	The U.N. Security Council said it "  welcomed " Yemen 's progress in a political transition The council said it is concerned about the security situation in Yemen Yemen 's president has agreed to step down Elections are scheduled for February
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Edwin Salau knew coming back would be hard . But he had to do it . The retired U.S. Army first lieutenant needed to know that his sacrifice was worth it . Retired Army 1st Lt. Edwin Salau says he sees progress in Iraq since he left five years ago . "  I wanted to make sure I did n't bleed in vain for the Iraqi people , " Salau said . "  And what I found is I did not . I see the progress over five years . I see free Iraqis doing what Iraqis want to do in their country , and I see the U.S. taking a back seat . " Salau left the battlefield in November 2004 , after being hit by a rocket-propelled grenade and small-arms fire during an ambush close to the town of Tuz . Those injuries cost him most of his left leg ; it was amputated above the knee and he now wears a prosthesis . Recently , he and seven other wounded American veterans returned to Iraq so they could heal emotionally . It was part of a nonprofit pilot program called Operation Proper Exit , an initiative started a little over a year ago by the Troops First Foundation , based in Maryland . The USO supports the mission . Watch Salau describe his feelings on returning " Rick Kell , head of Troops First , traveled to Iraq with the soldiers and said the idea came from American troops . "  After spending much time at Walter Reed and Brooke Army medical centers , inevitably in any conversation , something reminds somebody that they want to go back . And the soldiers do n't hesitate to tell you that , " Kell said . "  They are soldiers and they want to come back primarily for several reasons , but they want to come back and let the troops here on the ground know that they are still part of them , they support them , and they would very much like to be with them , although they ca n't . " It 's an emotional journey for the returning veterans , a chance to visit bases where they were stationed , and , in some cases , the sites where they were wounded . Though other programs have allowed wounded American soldiers to return to the scene of their service and sacrifice , this is the first to allow them to do so while a war is still being waged . All in all , 13 soldiers have participated in the program so far -- eight this trip and five on a previous trip , which took place in June . The earlier trip was kept quiet because of fears that the experience would be too overwhelming for the participants . According to Kell , he encounters many soldiers who would like to return , but those who are selected are chosen carefully . "  Well , first of all , when we come in contact with someone who wants to come back -- and that 's somebody who is thriving , that is mentally and physically moving forward in their life , they 've demonstrated that they have a plan for what 's next and they 've begun to implement that plan , " he said . "  So we feel pretty good about this person being squared away . And there are concerns , but it 's a very personal decision . We only ask for one of three answers : yes , no or not now . " Salau , who now works with other wounded soldiers at Camp Lejeune , in North Carolina , thinks he 's become an ambassador for them . When Salau departed Iraq the first time , he could n't do it on his own . That 's why this trip was so important to him . "  My purpose for this trip was for my soldiers to have that last memory of me in Iraq walking out of here on my own power , " he said . "  And I achieved that and it was closure . " Salau and Kell think the program has been a success so far . According to them , the main reason for that is the support they 've gotten from the military command in Iraq , particularly Gen. Raymond Odierno , the top U.S. commander there . Odierno 's experiences with his son , who lost his arm in Iraq , helped the general better understand these soldiers ' plight , Kell said . "  He has insight and perspective that a lot of leaders do n't , thank goodness , " Kell said , calling Odierno a very compassionate man . "  Gen. Odierno is ... he 's a soldier 's general , " Salau said . "  He understands . It was clear when I met him the first day of our trip that he knew what the results would be at the end of our trip . I thank them for letting us come back . " Whether the program will help the wounded soldiers psychologically has yet to be proven . Also in question is whether more soldiers will be able to participate . Troops First would like to include as many soldiers as possible , Kell said , but U.S. troops will not be in Iraq for much longer . "  We 've got a short window , " he said . "  We 've got a formula down . We can only do six to eight on each trip , so we can make it a very personal experience and have it be meaningful . " For Salau , it was extremely meaningful . Now he can go home on his own terms . "  Today , I packed my stuff and I dressed in a uniform ... and then I 'm going to undress at home and not Walter Reed , " he said . "  That feeling , it ca n't completely be put into words . I 'm gon na get greeted at the airport by my wife and children . I 'm not gon na be greeted at Walter Reed . And I 'm gon na keep on living the dream . "	Eight wounded U.S. veterans return to Iraq through "  Operation Proper Exit " program Veterans want troops on the ground to know they 're still part of them , organizer says Retired lieutenant says progress in Iraq shows he did n't "  bleed in vain " Program is run by Troops First Foundation , backed by USO
They have money , youth , ample amounts of free time and now a bit of fame . So what 's next for the much maligned people featured on the hit site Rich Kids of Instagram ? Some are grounded from over-sharing on the Internet , others embarrassed by the attention and some might be heading for TV . The Tumblr blog sprung to life on July 13 and was an instant hit . It is a collection of photos found on Instagram that capture young wealthy people enjoying a life of minimally employed opulence : They 're on lavish vacations , taking the most expensive modes of transportation , showing off designer belongings and doing all manner of things with and to champagne . Mixed in with the fun  seriously , who would n't want to water-slide off a yacht ?  are less creative attempts to brag , like sepia-shaded photos of exorbitant restaurant receipts . "  A few glasses of wine and some misspelled Instagram searches led to its creation , " the anonymous brains behind Rich Kids of Instagram , or RKOI , told CNN . Many of the images featured on the Tumblr were tagged with keywords on Instagram that made them easy to find , like #wealth , #mansion and #yacht . There 's a Hilton , a Trump and a Brant in the mix , but many of the smartphone-photography enthusiasts are relatively unknown , for now . Tony Hawk fights crime with Instagram While the reaction to the Tumblr has been largely one of disgust and anger -- "  Pretty sad how those Rich Kids of Instagram will never know the value of a hard days OH MY GOD I HATE THEM SO MUCH , " tweeted Josh Hara -- some of the kids are enjoying the attention . The blog 's creators said they 've had requests from people who want to be featured on the site . Many Instagramers are unselfconsciously tagging their photos with the #rkoi hashtag , hoping to get featured on the blog . "  I believe that the people who are outraged may be a little jealous , " said Tom Ierna , a 19-year-old self-described "  entrepreneur , New Yorker , blogger , mogul . " Ierna 's photos have been featured on RKOI multiple times -- one shows him in front of a large yacht in the Hamptons and another is an image of a Versace gold-plated AK47 .  He does not own the gun ; he just snapped a photo of it in an East Hampton boutique . The public 's fascination with these kids has not gone unnoticed by Hollywood , where wealthy personalities are a huge draw on shows like "  Keeping up with the Kardashians " and the "  Real Housewives " series . Naturally , a reality TV casting agent has been reaching out to many of the blog 's subjects . "  They seem to have huge personalities and would be amazing on TV , " said Lexi Shoemaker , a casting agent who has worked on hits like "  The Biggest Loser " and Bravo 's "  Tabatha 's Salon Takeover . " She would not share any details about her current project , but said the kids she had contacted had been receptive so far . "  I would consider doing a reality show , it would be a very smart business decision , " said Ierna , who said he has been offered a spot on a reality TV show in the past but turned it down . He did not say if he was contacted by Shoemaker . ` Real World ' star found dead Not everyone is interested in the fame . The Tumblr 's creators have received a few requests to remove images and other photos have been deleted from Instagram by their owners . Luckily , most of the originals live on in all their gilded glory on the RKOI site . "  My friends and I do n't want to be associated with this . This is very embarrassing , " Annabel Schwartz told "  Good Morning America . " The 19-year-old posted an image of herself and four friends in front of a helicopter while on vacation in Saint-Tropez . She has not deleted the public photo from her Instagram . Alexa Dell , daughter of Dell CEO Michael Dell , had her social media presence quickly scrubbed from the Internet after a photo of her brother on a private plane to Fiji , feasting on a spread of fruit 3-feet deep , made it to the RKOI blog . Bloomberg Businessweek dug into a Dell regulatory filing and reported that the Dell family pays approximately $ 2.7 million a year for personal security . Between her active Instagram and Twitter accounts , Alexa Dell was leaving a trail of information , including locations and timing of trips , that could have been used by kidnappers or burglars . Andres Morales ,15 , thinks being on the blog is a chance to promote his real passion , being a pilot . "  Aviation is my life , " Morales told CNN . In his RKOI Instagram photo , he is standing in front of a Quest Kodiak airplane , which typically costs about $ 1.7 million . It 's not his , but he is checking it out "  for future interest . " Though only in the 10th grade , Morales has spent much of his life perusing aviation and flying , starting when he was eight . He is proud of his hobby -- he has 300 hours of flight experience and wants to be a commercial airline pilot when he 's older . He 's also proud of his lifestyle . "  Yes , my lifestyle is a jet-setter lifestyle , " he said . "  I travel a lot and love to fly private and in first class . " Morales thinks the interest in the Rich Kids of Instagram blog is because "  people cant find anything else to do with their lives so they stalk other people 's photos and make a big deal out of it . " Ierna speculates the blog has become popular because people are "  intrigued to see how the 1 % lives . " He said he was amused with all the attention at first , but that it has become a headache . Ierna has family money -- both his father and grandfather were successful businessmen -- but he also has his own brand and career plans . He 'd like to attend NYU and study business , eventually opening high-end nightclubs , restaurants and clothing boutiques around the globe . "  I think it accurately represents my lifestyle to some extent , " said Ierna of his photos . "  For the most part I live a very normal life . " Art photography in the age of Instagram	Rich Kids of Instagram is a blog that reposts Instagram photos of wealthy people living large Some kids are unhappy with the attention , others are pondering reality TV The people behind the blog plan to keep posting "  as long as there is opulence to post "
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The death toll from the mudslides in a northwestern Chinese province now stands at 1,407 , state-run Xinhua news agency said Friday , citing the government . At least 358 people are still missing . The mudslides occurred in Zhouqu County in Gansu province . More than 1,700 mudslide evacuees have been living at schools , but will be relocated as students begin their school year . Households will be moved to Shachuan Village , in the western part of the mudslides-leveled county , said Yang Jianguo , a government official in Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture which administers Zhouqu . More than 1,000 tents will be erected at a new settlement zone with three tents for each family , said Yang , quoted by Xinhua . "  They probably will have to spend the winter there so winter tents will be used , " he said . China has been drenched by heavy rains and floods since the end of May and the devastating Gansu mudslides occurred in early August . In southwestern China 's Sichuan province , 16 people have been killed and 66 others remained missing in rain-triggered floods and landslides over the past week . Authorities said about 3,600 homes have collapsed , 25,000 others have been damaged , and 55,000 hectares of crops have been flooded . "  Direct economic loss " was estimated at 6.89 billion yuan  $ 1.02 billion  , the news agency said .	China has been drenched by rains and floods this summer Gansu evacuees may live in tents over the winter Deaths also reported in Sichuan province
CNN  -- In October 2011 , actor Hugh Jackman launched a new company called Laughing Man . Initially , the business offered a variety of coffees and teas , sold online and in a small cafe in the Tribeca part of New York City . This week , Jackman 's expanding his line of offerings into the world of chocolate , just in time for Valentine 's Day . While it 's certainly commonplace for entertainment professionals to dive into other business opportunities , Jackman 's new business may seem a bit curious if viewed through the lens of his offering items tied to the little pleasures and relaxations of life . Jackman seems to always be shooting a film or booking theater work . The guy ca n't slow down . CNN recently spoke with the actor from London about the evolution of his new business , the inspiration behind it and who in his family is helping out . He 's currently rehearsing for the upcoming film adaptation of "  Les MisÃ © rables " and later this year will begin shooting "  The Wolverine , " reprising his role as Logan/Wolverine in the latest comic adaptation . CNN : Some people claim that chocolate is an aphrodisiac . Some people do n't . Does your chocolate guarantee good loving ? Jackman : That 's a good question . I would definitely say -- because I eat a little bit of dark chocolate every day -- I 'd definitely say that it makes you feel good . I do n't know if it makes me feel like "  getting it on . " I suppose I could see the connection . It definitely makes you feel good . CNN : You launched Laughing Man last fall . In the general sense , what 's the business plan ? Jackman : Laughing Man worldwide is going to incubate different companies . One of them is coffee and tea , one of them is chocolate . Who knows where we 'll go from there . Each of these companies that we create , 100 % of the profits go to charities . It 's first and foremost about creating good products that people really want . Not that they feel like they should want it , but because they genuinely want it . And then being able to create jobs and support entrepreneuralism . I was mainly inspired by Paul Newman on the business level and what he did . I read his book about 10 years ago , "  Shameless Exploitation in the Pursuit of the Common Good . " It 's a great book and that 's probably where the idea incubated . CNN : The Newman line , and sorry for the pun , started very organically . Jackman : That 's what inspired me , and I was waiting for the right opportunity . I was in Ethiopia as a part of World Vision and I met and worked with a coffee farmer , Dukale ; at the time I was living with them , and it was pretty amazing . It had a great effect on me . So the urgency for me to do something was growing , but I did n't know what . Now , we actually buy coffee from Dukale where I stayed . Our Espresso blend is actually called Dukale 's Dream . CNN : And everything is sourced with fair trade guidelines and all that ? Jackman : Absolutely . Organic , fairly traded , the chocolates are kosher , you name it . We wanted to be win-win all around . The environment , the growers and the purchasers . CNN : There 's a lot of political aspects surrounding food , not only in the U.S. but on a global level . But there 's a market out there for people that care about that stuff . Jackman : Oh , yeah , hugely . And what 's important for us to know who we are buying from . There 's some organizations that you 're buying from that are like a co-op and you ca n't really guarantee who you are buying from . We really want to encourage people that you can get a really fair price for quality products , wherever it 's grown . That 's what we 're doing . Business done well is a win-win all around . It does n't have to tax the environment or quality or the workers or people . There is a way , under the natural law , for this to work for everybody . CNN : As an actor , you 're constantly busy with work . How much are you involved in the day-to-day or month-to-month of this ? Jackman : Every weekend , I go down -LSB- to the store in New York City -RSB- with my son and do some work . He 's 11 . I figure it 's good for him to start doing some work . Most of the business is done online . I 'm involved as much as I can without it being my full-time job . For a long time , I 've been looking to focus my profile on and this somehow ... I 've always been interested in economics and business -- my wife always jokes that I should be taking a briefcase to work -- it 's something I genuinely enjoy and it does n't feel like a burden . CNN : You 're rehearsing "  Les MisÃ © rables " right now . What 's the adaptation going to be like ? Jackman : It 's a musical adaptation . Obviously , it 's a 1,500 page book , but do n't worry , it 's not going to be 15 hours long . It 's an epic , and we 'll be musically close to the musical . Today , I was working on a brand new song that Claude-Michel -LSB- SchÃ ¶ nberg -RSB- wrote with Alain Boublil , which was a great thrill for me . CNN : What 's the sound like ? Is it modern in any way ? Jackman : Oh , no , the music is largely as it is from the musical . So there 's no rap version or blues version . It 's going to be what people expect in that way . CNN : 20th Century Fox just announced a release date for "  The Wolverine . " What 's the game plan ? Jackman : Shooting later this year . "  Les Mis " finishes around the beginning of June so we 'll take a month down and we 'll get started . It 's a Japanese saga , I 'm very excited about it . It 's looking good .	Hugh Jackman 's expanding his Laughing Man line into the world of chocolate "  I eat a little bit of dark chocolate every day , " Jackman said Jackman : "  Business done well is a win-win all around "
CNN  -- Turkey snatched a last-gasp winner to eliminate Euro 2008 co-hosts Switzerland and keep their own quarterfinal hopes alive with a 2-1 victory in rain-drenched Basel on Wednesday night . Patrick Mueller , left , and Swiss goalkeeper Diego Benaglio battle for the ball with Arda Turan of Turkey . Arda Turan scored with a deflected effort in the third minute of time added on to set up a Group A finale against the Czech Republic on Sunday to determine who takes the second quarterfinal place behind Portugal . The Turks came from behind after Hakan Yakin gave the Swiss a 32nd-minute lead , with substitute striker Semih Senturk heading a 57th-minute equalizer through the hands of goalkeeper Diego Benaglio . The St Jakob Park stadium had been flooded by a deluge early in the match , with the downpour continuing until just before half-time . The treacherous conditions made defending a nightmare for both teams , and Arda almost put Turkey ahead in the 29th minute with a farcical effort . With minimal visibility in the heavy rain , Benaglio punched a vicious free-kick by stand-in captain Nihat Kahveci onto the head of the 21-year-old winger -- but the ball bounced to safety off the outside of the post . However , it was the Swiss who adapted the better and they took the lead through the veteran Yakin . He was on hand to awkwardly steer home from close range with his weaker right foot after Eren Derdiyok -- who like Yakin is of Turkish origin -- beat the offside trap to collect a long pass from defender Philippe Senderos . Derdiyok calmly check inside the defense in the penalty area and sent a low cross towards Yakin -- who had to wait anxiously at the far post as the ball was held up in a huge puddle of water . Yakin had earlier been denied by Turkey goalkeeper Volkan Demirel , who also did well to tip a swerving free-kick by Tranquillo Barnetta around the post . Yakin also missed an even easier chance than the goal he scored in the 34th minute when he stabbed the ball wide of the post following a superb right-wing cross by Valon Behrami which cut out the defense and goal custodian . Turkey , sensing a lucky escape , came out after the break with renewed purpose and posed a greater threat as the pitch slowly drained of the excess water . Semih justified his second-half introduction when he rose highest to meet Nihat 's superb inswinging cross from the left flank , and Benaglio could only palm the powerful header into the back of the net . Tempers flared as both sides went in search of the victory , but there was no repeat of the violent scenes that followed Switzerland 's World Cup playoff victory against the Turks in November 2005 . Volkan made another superb save from Yakin , and Turkey held off the Swiss onslaught before Arda cut in from the right and fired a shot from just outside the penalty area which clipped the heels of Patrick Mueller and looped over the helpless Benaglio . "  I did wish for rain to stop . I did pray to God for that , " Turkey coach Fatih Terim told reporters . "  We could n't predict mud in the middle of the summer . "  It 's not easy to come back from a goal down at the European Championship , considering we hit the woodwork once . But we fought a lot in the second half and we created many opportunities . " He added : "  Tonight we reminded everyone a little bit about Turkey . Against the Czech Republic , we will be unforgettable . " Defeat was a bitter blow for Switzerland , whose fellow co-hosts Austria will also be eliminated on Thursday if they lose to Poland in Vienna . "  Of course the disappointment is huge , " Switzerland coach Koebi Kuhn said . "  But I ca n't blame it on any player or anyone else . We lost twice unluckily . "	Turkey eliminate Euro 2008 co-hosts Switzerland with 2-1 win in rain-hit Basel Match marred by torrential downpour which left the ground waterlogged Arda Turan scores deflected winner in the third minute of time added on Turks must now beat Czech Republic in final Group A match to qualify
Financial Times  -- Foreign auditing firms will have to appoint a Chinese national as their chief partner in China as part of a sweeping overhaul of the country 's accounting industry . The regulations , unveiled on Thursday , are aimed at localising the mainland operations of foreign auditing firms , but they also provide for a lengthy transition period and wiggle room to limit controversy over the changes . Chinese auditing standards have come under fire over the past year after a number of fraud allegations against Chinese companies listed in overseas markets . The restructuring of the China operations of foreign auditing firms , including the "  Big Four " , threatened to fuel concerns by forcing them to replace all of their foreign partners with Chinese partners . Beijing has tried to allay such fears , however , by giving foreign groups time to adjust . Up to 40 per cent of their partners in China will be allowed to continue operating without Chinese qualifications this year , the finance ministry said . That cap will then be reduced to 20 per cent by the end of 2017 . "  They have made huge concessions here to try to have a smooth transition , " said Paul Gillis , a professor of accounting at Peking University . The Chinese joint venture agreements of the four biggest accounting firms -- Deloitte , Ernst & Young , KPMG and PwC -- start to expire this year and Beijing could have imposed the rule changes as soon as they come up for renewal . "  The normal situation in the world is that accounting firms must be owned by locally qualified accountants . That is the case in most countries in the world . China is actually being more open to non-qualified foreigners participating in their practices , " Mr Gillis said . Nevertheless , the restructuring will pose a challenge for foreign firms . Given how young the auditing industry is in China , they have few local employees who are ready to be senior partners . The restructuring announcement comes a few days after US officials said that China was considering a compromise on another contentious issue : joint US-China audit inspections . After the rash of accounting scandals at Chinese firms , the US government had asked Beijing to open its doors to the US body that oversees the auditors of publicly listed companies . James Doty , chairman of the US Public Company Accounting Oversight Board , said last week that China might agree to allow it to observe the audits of Chinese companies listed in the US . In a reminder of the concerns surrounding the Chinese industry , the US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Wednesday that it was investigating a client of the Chinese arm of Deloitte on suspicion of accounting fraud . The SEC also filed an administrative action against Deloitte for failing to provide audit documents related to the company -- something which Chinese regulators have barred it from doing . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Foreign auditing firms will have to appoint a Chinese national as their chief partner in China The regulations aim at localising mainland operations of foreign auditing firms and limiting controversy Over the past years , China saw fraud allegations against Chinese companies listed in overseas markets
CNN  -- The man who served as chief of security for former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe boarded a U.S. plane bound for Virginia , where he faces drug trafficking charges , police said Tuesday . Mauricio Santoyo Velasco voluntarily turned himself in to U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration officials in Colombia 's capital after a weekend of negotiations , Colombian police said . According to a federal indictment unsealed last month , Santoyo is accused of working with paramilitary groups to smuggle cocaine into the United States from about 2002 to 2008 . Uribe was popular as president in part because of his tough stance against leftist rebels . But critics accused his administration of siding with paramilitary groups , which also deal in drugs , in its fight . Human rights organizations such as Amnesty International had called for a complete cutoff of U.S. military aid to Colombia due to the armed forces ' alleged ties to paramilitaries . Specifically , Santoyo is accused of accepting bribes from the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , or AUC , a now demobilized paramilitary umbrella organization , and the Oficina de Envigado , a criminal organization that was originally founded by drug kingpin Pablo Escobar . Santoyo would provide assistance to these groups , inform them of police investigations and wiretaps , as well as carrying out unauthorized wiretaps , the indictment charged . He served as chief of security for Uribe from 2000 to 2006 . Santoyo is "  voluntarily coming to the United States to face these charges , " said his attorney , John Zwerling . "  I think it speaks well . " His client has proclaimed that he is not guilty and is expected to make the same plea once he is before a U.S. judge , the lawyer said . It 's not known if prosecutors will ask that Santoyo to be detained pending a possible trial . The former president distanced himself from Santoyo , a retired police general , via his Twitter account after the indictment became public . Santoyo was assigned to him by defense and police officials , he said . "  I reject , with pain and indignation , any delinquent conduct , in which according to ongoing judicial proceedings , involve General Santoyo , " Uribe 's Twitter account said . Journalist Fernando Ramos and CNN 's Helena de Moura and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Mauricio Santoyo Velasco was indicted in Virginia on drug trafficking charges Santoyo turned himself in to American officials in Colombia He is on a plane headed to the U.S. , police say
Washington  CNN  -- During his two weeks aboard a ship to the United States , Ahmed Abu Khatallah was questioned by FBI interrogators over his alleged role in the 2012 Benghazi attacks that left four Americans dead . As it turns out , he was interrogated both before and after authorities told him of his Miranda rights -- which give him the right to remain silent to avoid self-incrimination , a U.S. official told CNN . But Abu Khatallah continued providing information to officials after being advised of those rights , the official said . The handling of his case has triggered fallout in Washington . "  I have serious concerns that conducting a rushed interrogation onboard a ship and then turning Abu Khatallah over to our civilian courts risks losing critical intelligence that could lead us to other terrorists or prevent future attacks , " Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , said in a statement Saturday . A U.S. official told CNN that Abu Khatallah denied participation in the Benghazi attacks during his interviews with interrogators -- but provided information on others he said participated and were behind the attacks . It was n't clear if he provided the information before or after he was advised of his Miranda warning . Shortly after the White House announced the capture earlier this month , Republicans like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio criticized the Obama administration because they believed the alleged terrorist should go through a military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay instead of being tried in a federal court . "  If they bring him to the United States , they 're going to Mirandize this guy , and it would be a mistake for the ages to read this guy his Miranda rights , " South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham has said . But the White House has defended its decision , saying that they have successfully tried a number of terrorists domestically and that no new captives have gone to the Guantanamo Bay detention facility in years . Abu Khatallah arrived on U.S. soil Saturday . After two weeks aboard the USS New York sailing from the Mediterranean Sea to the East Coast , Abu Khatallah was flown by helicopter to Washington and was driven to a federal courthouse . There , he pleaded not guilty to one count of providing material support to terrorists . Prosecutors say he is the ringleader of the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Libya , which killed U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans . More charges possible The single count is part of a legal strategy by federal prosecutors , who plan to file additional charges later , according to U.S. officials . The aim is to delay releasing to the public and Abu Khatallah 's lawyer the FBI affidavit detailing the evidence the government has against him . An earlier criminal complaint in July 2013 said the FBI believed it had evidence to charge him with murder and firing a weapon at the scene of the Benghazi attacks . Those additional charges , if formally added , could bring the death penalty . In his court appearance , Abu Khatallah , a Libyan national , requested consular assistance from the Libyan government . U.S. authorities were working with Libyan embassy officials in Washington to provide him the assistance . After the hearing , armed guards accompanied Abu Khatallah from the federal courthouse in downtown Washington , a few blocks from the U.S. Capitol and near the White House . He was then moved to the detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , which is across the Potomac River from the capital . Details of the attacks Authorities say Abu Khatallah is among the senior leaders of Ansar al Sharia , whose members were among several militias that participated in the attacks on U.S. government facilities in Benghazi on September 11-12 , 2012 . The attacks spawned political controversy in the United States because some Republican lawmakers claim the Obama administration tried to mislead the public about them and should have done more to prevent them . The GOP critics say they plan to make Benghazi an issue for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , under whose watch the attacks occurred , should she decide to run for president . The criminal investigation led by the FBI has been extraordinarily challenging , authorities say , partly because the lack of Libyan government control in the city prevented investigators from visiting the crime scene for weeks . But U.S. officials say they collected surveillance video , phone recordings and witness statements to bring charges against Abu Khatallah and others involved . Abu Khatallah became the face of the militant attack and a top target for the U.S. after he cultivated a celebrity profile in the wake of the attacks , meeting with journalists and granting interviews . He denied to CNN 's Arwa Damon that he participated in the attacks . U.S. military commandos captured Abu Khatallah in a nighttime raid June 15-16 . U.S. intelligence assets concocted a ruse to lure him to a villa where the Americans surprised him . The commandos , accompanied by several FBI agents , had come ashore by boat and quickly took him back out to sea with them . Abu Khatallah was appointed a public defender , Michele Peterson . He was ordered to remain in custody until hearings set for Wednesday and Friday . Timeline of the Benghazi attack What 's next for Benghazi terror suspect ? Benghazi ` mastermind ' captured without a single shot CNN 's Sara Fisher and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : Abu Khatallah denied involvement but gave info on others Abu Khatallah gave information before and after he was told his Miranda rights Sen. Lindsey Graham : Mirandizing Abu Khatallah "  would be a mistake for the ages " He is suspected of being the ringleader of the September 2012 attacks in Benghazi , Libya
Atlanta  CNN  -- Thwack , thwack , thwack . The sound of a hoe hitting the earth breaks the silence of a cold , crisp Atlanta early spring morning . Wearing a brightly colored , tribal patterned piece of material as a skirt over her pants , Halieth Hatungimana works hard turning the soil over in preparation for seeds . Her worn hands grip the hoe with ease , the thwacking noise rhythmic . Slowly , other women start to join her . They 're bundled up against the cold but still make a point to sing out to each other in greeting . A child 's runny nose is tended to and then he 's left to play . The women are farming a piece of land in the unlikely location of Atlanta . They 're planting spinach and beets and carrots in anticipation of a late spring harvest . It 's work they 're familiar with , work they 're good at . See , these women are n't originally from Atlanta . They 're refugees from Burundi . Burundi is a small African country that shares a border with Rwanda to its north and the Democratic Republic of Congo to the west . No stranger to political instability and unrest , Burundi started out as a monarchy though was later colonized by the Belgians . Independence came in 1962 , but damage to the relationship between the country 's two main tribes , the Hutus and the Tutsis , had already been done . One coup after another eventually led to military rule . A captain and a colonel later , Burundians found themselves without a constitution or opposition parties . Tensions between the ruling Tutsis and majority Hutus grew and grew until another all-too-familiar wave of violence broke out in 1988 . It 's estimated that 150,000 Burundians were killed , and tens of thousands sought refuge . Burundi briefly looked to be back on track a few years later , but after the country 's first Hutu president was assassinated , the nation was rocked by civil war . All this happened before the Burundian and Rwandan presidents were killed in a plane crash April 1994 . That crash marked the beginning of the better-known Rwandan genocide and only served to exacerbate the tensions in Burundi . It was n't until a cease-fire was negotiated in 2006 that Burundians could exhale . And while the situation still is n't fully resolved , the violence has for the most part stopped . Waves of Burundians came to the U.S. during that turbulent time . Atlanta was a popular destination for them because the city is constantly growing , and it was looking to diversify the population . For the refugees , escaping war was only the beginning . Transplanted into a world that looked different , smelled different and spoke an entirely different language meant many challenges . In Burundian culture , the women are responsible for farm work . Without knowing English , many struggled to find a way to fit in , let alone provide for their families . FIFA co-opts first woman from Burundi to its executive committee A guiding light for the women For these 15 refugees , Susan Pavlin changed all that . A former immigration lawyer , Pavlin knows how hard it can be just to get to the United States . She wanted to take her love of gardening and combine it with her passion for those in need . She gave up her well-paying job and started Global Growers , an organization that offers refugees a second chance at a new life . Global Growers operates a few farms and farming programs , but the Umurima Wa Burundi is just for Burundian refugees . Halieth is the de facto leader of the group . She 's been farming since she was a little girl . When she came to America after fleeing Burundi , she had no means of income . She could n't speak or read English , and had a hard time navigating her new city . Now , she can take the local rail transportation and read which spot she needs to get off . Her English is n't fantastic , and she still needs a translator to explain some larger concepts , but you can tell from the way her eyes soften when she smiles that she 's happy . Originally the garden intended to give the Burundian women a chance to do at which something they 're good , to empower them and perhaps the chance to take something home to their families . It 's since evolved into a means for the women to make money . They now sell whatever they do n't take home at farmers ' markets . This year , they also started a Community Supported Agriculture program , or CSA . Members of the community pay a fixed sum and get roughly 12 weeks worth of vegetables from the farm . They get whatever comes out of the ground that morning , and the women wash and sort the veggies with care . Because the CSA members come and pick up their weekly allotment from the garden in person , they get to meet some of the Burundian women . "  I like the concept , " says CSA member Don Bender , "  I know some of the folks who work here , and they bring with them skills from Burundi that they 're able to use in this , and it feels good to see them be able to continue with what they were doing there to do it here . ... I think plants reflect better taste when they 're raised with love . " For Halieth , the relationship is mutually beneficial . Through a translator , she says , "  If you are working , then ... you are going -LSB- to feel -RSB- very better , but if you 're going to sleep in , you 're going to -LSB- get -RSB- in trouble . " She means the garden gives her a purpose in life , that she 's not just sitting at home doing nothing all day . Her goal for the farm is for it to become big enough "  to produce the things that are going to help our family or to help grow up our kids . " Burundi faces growing unrest Another harvest from garden : leadership Susan 's role is more as a coordinator , making sure the garden is permitted correctly and handling the administrative tasks . The rest is run by the women . She 's noticed some residual benefits of the garden as well . "  There 's really a leadership process that has evolved , " she says , "  We have regular team meetings with the women who are in the leadership of the farm and we look at what has been successful selling at the market and we also look at what are some of the crops , the food that the women want for their own homes that they ca n't typically get in the marketplace here . So we do a combination of growing things that are harder to find in the markets like African greens ... and then also growing for markets . " The women are also responsible for deciding what farming techniques to use . They often plant two beds of the same crop , to see which one does better . They 're used to a less-structured growing approach . Seeds are scattered over an area , as opposed to being planted in rows . They 've recently expanded their growing space so they have more room for muchicha , an amaranth green prominent in Burundi . When they first picked out what they 'd grow , a language barrier caused some confusion . The women saw a picture in a seed catalog of what they thought was muchicha ; turns out it was basil . The women 's approach to their crops is also commendable . They use as much of the plants as they can ; even taking bean leaves to prepare at home like spinach . As she reflects on the garden , and how far it 's come , Susan says "  probably the biggest thing I 've learned is how incredibly important it is for human beings to have something they can take ownership of and feel strongly about . ... And with that also comes a tremendous amount of confidence and really a comfort level of being in this country , having an opportunity to share it with their children . ... It 's been really amazing to see that grow because it tells the story of people getting a chance to do something that 's good for them and good for their families , but really is central to who they are and it makes people so much stronger . " Stronger , more empowered and happier . They may not be in Burundi , but Global Growers is providing these women with more than just the ability to farm . They 're integrating them into a community so that one day , maybe they 'll feel like they 're home . Rescued refugee becomes Coast Guard rescuer	Fifteen women who fled war-torn Burundi are farming in metro Atlanta Susan Pavlin started Global Growers to help refugees adapt to their new city The women take some crops home and sell the rest at farmers ' markets Pavlin : It 's important to have something of which they can take ownership
Spin bowlers Harbhajan Singh and Murali Kartik are back in India 's squad for the test series against Pakistan . Harbhajan has been out of test cricket since July 2006 . They are included in a 14-man party for the first two games , in Delhi , starting on November 22 and Calcutta  Kolkata  eight days later . Harbhajan has not played a test since July 2006 , while Kartik has been absent for three years . They will be expected to support leg-spinner Anil Kumble , who was named as India 's new captain last week . Dinesh Karthik and Wasim Jaffer , who both played in the 1-0 series victory in England during the summer , are in the party and former captain Rahul Dravid is retained after missing the current one-day series against Pakistan . The squad for the third and final Test against Pakistan , in Bangalore from December 8 , will be named later . India squad : A Kumble  captain  , W Jaffer , D Karthik , R Dravid , S Tendulkar , S Ganguly , V Laxman , Y Singh , MS Dhoni  wkt  , H Singh , Z Khan , RP Singh , S Santh , M Kartik . Pakistan all rounder Shahid Afridi and Indian batsman Gautam Gambhir have been given fines for their on-pitch clash during the third one-day international in Kanpur . Afridi was fined 95 percent of his match fee and Gambhir 65 percent after appearing before the International Cricket Council  ICC  match referee Roshan Mahanama , the ICC announced . They were charged under two counts of the ICC Code of Conduct relating to conduct unbecoming of their status , which could bring them or the game into disrepute , and the rule relating to "  inappropriate and deliberate physical contact between players in the course of play . " Gambhir and Afridi were involved in a heated altercation after they collided , forcing umpire Ian Gould to intervene and separate them . India won the third game by 46 runs to lead the five-match series 2-1 . The fourth game will be played in Gwalior on Thursday . E-mail to a friend	India have recalled Harbhajan Singh and Murali Kartik to their test squad The spinners are in a squad for the first two tests against Pakistan The games are in in Delhi , from November 22 and Calcutta from November 30
CNN  -- Best Buy wants to know if you 'd pay $ 1,499 for a 42-inch , high-definition Apple TV which uses your iPad or iPhone as a remote control . You know ... hypothetically . The big-box gadget retailer sent a survey to some customers asking in fairly explicit detail about the long-rumored TV system -- under language that says "  Apple finally reinvents what a TV can do . " The survey , first acquired by tech site The Verge , calls the system a "  concept . " But it goes into explicit detail describing it . The question describes a 1080p LED flat-panel screen and access to Apple 's iCloud service , iTunes , Netflix , YouTube and Flickr . Intriguingly , it also describes a built-in iSight camera and microphone for using Skype video calling . An Apple spokeswoman said the company has no comment about the survey and referred questions to Best Buy . In a statement to Wired  a CNN content partner  , Best Buy said the survey just asked a hypothetical question to gauge interest in possible future products . "  The customer survey was a routine offer effectiveness survey conducted by one of Best Buy 's research partners , " the statement said . "  Any brand reference was hypothetical . The survey is no longer available . " Industry analysts almost unanimously expect Apple to enter the television market in the near future . In "  Steve Jobs , " a biography of the late Apple co-founder , author Walter Isaacson writes that Jobs told him he 'd finally figured out a way to make a TV practical . He said it would wirelessly synch with other Apple devices Since 2007 , the company has made a product called Apple TV , a set-top Web-streaming box that competes with rival Google TV and independent offerings like Roku and Boxee . But compared to hits like the iPhone and iPad , it has largely underperformed , leading Jobs to say in 2010 that Apple TV has "  never been a huge hit . " But a full-on TV set , integrated with Apple 's other platforms and products , would be another thing entirely . The presumably mythical TV in the Best Buy survey would use Apple 's mobile operating system  iOS  , which is also used by its current Apple TV system . It would also be able to download apps from the app store . "  Can you imagine playing ` Angry Birds ' on a big screen in your living room ? " text in the survey reads . Hypothetically , of course .	Specs for Apple HDTV published in Best Buy survey The big-box retailer says the question was just hypothetical The leaked form asks about a 42-inch , web-enabled TV running Apple 's software Its price was listed as $ 1,499
CNN  -- Nick D'Aloisio is tapping intently on his smartphone , his slight frame bookended by a dark mop of hair and bright blue sneakers . Curled into a VIP couch , he appears oblivious to the fuss going around him . Upstairs , a young blogger desperate for face time is stalking the corridors trying to catch him between interviews . Meetings are running over and a spare room has to be found for the overflow . The 18 year old is a phenomenon of the tech world , and a star speaker at this year 's LeWeb conference in Paris . D'Aloisio created Summly , an aggregation app , from his bedroom before selling it to Yahoo for a reported $ 30 million in March . He initially explored the idea to help him with his studies , identifying a need to deliver concise and accurate representation of text . In a deal that made headlines around the world , Yahoo folded the app into its own , and hired D'Aloisio as a product manager . For D'Aloisio , Summly has created a concept which can be expanded into fields like multimedia , which he 's now exploring at Yahoo . He 's also fascinated by the popularity of what he calls "  ephemerality reacting to human interaction , " as represented by Snapchat , the app in which content vanishes after it 's been viewed . For D'Aloisio , this reflects human biology and could be a natural progression for technology . "  When we have a conversation , we forget what we say in an hour , in 24 hours , and there is this really nice retention curve , it decreases to I think 5 % , " he says . "  There are certain kinds of conversations which you do n't necessarily want to be permanent , and it 's an interesting concept . " As Summly crunches information , apps like Snapchat reflect the transience of human interaction -- concepts which are more intertwined than are immediately obvious , D'Aloisio says . "  When I am telling you a story , I do try and summarize it , " he says . "  I wo n't tell you everything word for word , so again like a lot of these concepts are more intertwined then you think . You are taking human behavior , and interaction and distilling them down . " But while Snapchat evaporates content , others leave deep data footprints , seemingly setting up a collision of ideas . "  You have wearables on one side of the spectrum , and that 's almost encouraging permanency by its very nature , this idea of archiving everything and filming everything , " D'Aloisio says . "  Then you have almost like the antithesis , which are these very ephemeral , disappearing message services , and Snapchat , and IM and group chat ... and I do n't know how they are quite going to collide . They are coming from different sides of the spectrum . " D'Aloisio now spends the bulk of his time at Yahoo , although he structures his life to keep order around priorities including continued education and driving lessons . His best friends and girlfriend remain the same and as close to D'Aloisio as before he was catapulted onto the global stage . His 18th birthday last month consisted of a surprise dinner with family and friends , a low key celebration for someone who might have been tempted to reach for the finest champagne . D'Aloisio gesticulates rapidly as he articulates ideas on topics that range from linguist theory , philosophy , biology and mathematics . But he calls himself a hobbyist ; someone who wants to learn . He idolizes figures like Leonardo da Vinci , whose extraordinary talents allowed him to straddle intellectual and artistic disciplines . D'Aloisio 's current intellectual hero is Georg Cantor , a German mathematician who , in the late 1800s , proved infinity came in different sizes . "  I 'm fascinated by this form of maths , because to me trying to understand something as complex and transcendent as infinity actually ends up solving of lot of problems to do with artificial intelligence and knowledge , " D'Aloisio says . Then he slips into teen talk , for a second . "  These figures are just kind of cool , for me anyway , obviously not cool , in like , cool , cool , but cool as in intellectually cool . " Read more : Ray Kurzweil reveals what your future will look like Read more : The revolution coming to a screen near you Read more : Siri says ` dump him '	Nick D'Aloisio , now 18-years old , sold his app Summly to Yahoo for a reported $ 30 million He is now working for Yahoo as a product manager , as the company continues its acquisition drive He sees a future where apps like Snapchat , where information disappears , as reflecting human biology That could set up a clash with the heavy digital footprint of other apps
Mumbai , India  CNN  -- If you grew up in India , chances are you played kabaddi as a child . I did . My friends did . Bollywood actor and now professional kabaddi league team owner , Abhishek Bachchan says he did too . So when you talk about kabaddi , there 's a whiff of nostalgia associated with the sport . As children , we played kabaddi in the garden . You do n't need any equipment . We just drew two lines in the mud , that 's it . What you need is strength and stamina ... and you should be able to hold your breath for at least 30 seconds . What is kabaddi ? Kabaddi is one of India 's oldest indigenous sports . It 's basically a mix of school-yard tag and wrestling . You have two teams of seven players who stand on either side of a line . Each team sends a "  raider " across to the other side , one by one . The raider must tag as many opponents as he can and rush back to his side before the defenders catch him . Sounds simple ? It is , though there is a twist : the raider must hold his breath the entire time he 's trying to tag someone and keep chanting "  kabaddi , kabaddi , kabaddi " to prove he 's not taking another breath . "  Here is a sport which is a mixture of rugby , wrestling and it 's got the strategy of chess . It 's fantastic , " says Bachchan . Unfortunately , kabaddi faded away over the years . It was still played , but predominantly in rural areas . In urban India , it lost out to other sports like cricket and to a lesser extent , football , which are televised and so very easy to watch . "  We have become this one sport nation , " says well-known Indian sports commentator Charu Sharma . "  It 's a bit of a monster . Cricket has had a huge head start in terms of visibility on TV , which is a big deal in sport . Most sports are only as popular as their live TV coverage , so that is what is required . " TV rebirth But now kabaddi is finally getting it . Sharma has teamed up with Indian business tycoon Anand Mahindra to launch India 's first pro kabaddi league , based along the lines of Indian cricket 's successful Indian Premier League  IPL  . There are eight franchises owned by corporate czars and Bollywood stars , and matches are played indoors on a large mat . In another huge boost for kabaddi , major broadcaster Star Sports decided to screen these matches live every night on prime time television . "  The network felt the need to foster a multi-sport culture in India , " says Uday Shankar , CEO of Star India . It 's a gamble . Will audiences tune in to watch a sport that India has ignored for years ? It seems they 're intrigued . Star Sports says the inaugural game -- played in a stadium packed with celebrities , smoke machines and loud music -- was watched by 66 million viewers across the country . That 's 10 times higher than the Indian figures for the FIFA World Cup opening match between Brazil and Croatia . "  Everybody thinks of kabaddi as a very rural , basic , aggressive sport , you play on the grass or in the mud , but when you see international kabaddi today , its exhilarating , " says Bachchan . Rakesh Kumar , one of India 's most celebrated kabaddi players says he ca n't believe his sport is enjoying such a resurgence . "  In my dreams I never thought I 'd see a day like this . " Want to know more ? Click here .	Kabaddi is one of India 's oldest indigenous sports -- it 's basically a mix of school-yard tag and wrestling Kabaddi 's popularity faded away over the years , as sports like cricket dominated TV coverage Now a new professional league is underway , and is being screened by a major Indian broadcaster
CNN  -- The Pentagon is fighting a push to award the Purple Heart to victims of the 2009 massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , fearing it could hurt the case against the Army officer charged with turning on his comrades . "  If you deal with the perpetrator of these crimes , he was a terrorist , essentially , " one of the bill 's co-sponsors , Texas Republican Rep. Bill Flores , told CNN affiliate KXXV . "  We ought to treat these military men and women that were hurt like they were in a battlefield theater . " Maj. Nidal Hasan is awaiting a court-martial on charges that he gunned down 13 people and wounded 32 at Fort Hood , the country 's largest Army post . Testimony is set to begin on July 1 . But in a position paper obtained by CNN , the Defense Department argues that awarding the Purple Heart to the Fort Hood victims would make it harder to convict Hasan in the death-penalty case and "  deprive the victims of these crimes the right to see justice done . " "  Defense counsel will argue that Major Hasan can not receive a fair trial because a branch of government has indirectly declared that Major Hasan is a terrorist -- that he is criminally culpable , " the document states . That could lead to a delay of the case or the reversal of a guilty verdict on appeal , it continued . "  This laudable sentiment mistakenly and unwillingly supplants the criminal trial process by infusing official , formal statutory conclusions about the motive , intent and culpability of the man charged with the crime , " the memo reads . Prosecutors aim to show that the Hasan , an American citizen of Palestinian descent , was a radical Islamist . Witnesses reported that Hasan opened fire with two pistols , yelling "  Allahu akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is great " -- as he shot troops preparing to deploy to Afghanistan . Investigations have found that he had been communicating via e-mail with radical Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings but had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military . The bill has the support of former House Speaker and GOP presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich , who dismissed the Defense Department 's concerns about a fair trial in an interview on CNN 's The Situation Room . "  Does anybody doubt he was in the room ? Does anyone doubt he yelled ` Allahu akbar ? ' Does anyone doubt he shot all those people ? " Gingrich asked . "  We have a lawyer-driven system that is sick . " Gingrich said the military has "  bent over backwards " to avoid declaring the killings an act of terrorism . By comparison , he said , German spies caught during World War II were tried and executed "  in a matter of weeks . " "  There is no question this man is guilty . None . Zero , " he said . Pentagon spokesman George Little declined to comment Monday , citing the pending case . But a congressional source , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the legal concerns , called the military 's position "  dead wrong . " "  If they stand by this , they should ask for all the Pentagon 's 9/11 award recipients to give their medals back , " the source said . "  They 're not gon na do that , though . " The Pentagon document notes that victims of an international terrorist attack are eligible for the Purple Heart . But expanding that to include domestic crimes or terrorism , it asserts , "  would be a dramatic departure from the traditional Purple Heart award criteria . " "  Ultimately , such an unprecedented action would thwart the real and lasting measure that will bring closure to the grieving and harmed victims and families -- the trial itself , " the position paper states . However , the bill Flores co-sponsored states that the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee branded the Fort Hood killings a "  terrorist attack " in a 2011 report . "  It basically just says if you were shot at Fort Hood that day or you were shot in Afghanistan , you 're treated exactly the same , " Flores said .	NEW : "  There is no question this man is guilty , " Gingrich says Lawmakers want to make Fort Hood victims eligible for the Purple Heart The Pentagon says the "  laudable sentiment " could hamper the trial of Maj. Nidal Hasan A congressional source calls the military 's position "  dead wrong "
CNN  -- The judge in the sodomy case of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim on Monday postponed the trial until August 9 because of allegations a female prosecutor had an affair with his accuser . As a result of the allegations , the defense has asked that charges against Anwar be dropped . A blogger reported last week that the female member of the prosecutor 's office allegedly had an affair with the male aide who accused Anwar , 62 , of sodomizing him at a luxury apartment in June 2008 . Sodomy , even if consensual , is punishable by 20 years in prison in the majority-Muslim country . Anwar has pleaded not guilty to the charge . The prosecution said the woman has been removed from the team even though the allegations involving her have n't been verified . The prosecution must respond over the next week to defense charges that the case has be compromised . Anwar has filed a police report against the woman and the 25-year-old male aide , accusing them of violating the country 's Official Secrets Act . The defense team believes the aide may have had access to confidential trial information . Investigators arrested Anwar in July 2008 -- four months after a loose coalition of opposition parties he led made gains on the ruling party in parliamentary elections . "  I do n't believe that I 'm going to get a fair trial , " Anwar told CNN in February . "  A fair trial would require a competent , independent judge to immediately strike out the charge because any sexual assault must have a case to support the charge . " Anwar has called his arrest a "  dirty trick and conspiracy " orchestrated by authorities who are trying to discredit him . "  They think that by doing this they can frustrate the opposition because they think the coalition will be more fragile without me , " said Anwar , who oversees a multiethnic opposition alliance and his own Justice Party . "  Clearly they have underestimated the commitment of the  parties  . " The U.S. State Department has said that Anwar 's arrest "  raises serious questions and concerns . " Anwar was the heir apparent to former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad until 1998 , when he was sacked and charged for corruption and sodomy . Anwar spent six years in prison after being convicted on corruption charges in 1999 and on sodomy charges involving his wife 's former driver in 2000 . Malaysia 's highest court overturned the sodomy conviction and ordered him released from prison in 2004 . However , the corruption verdict was never lifted , barring him from running for political posts until 2008 . A loose coalition of opposition parties -- with Anwar at the helm -- won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections in March of that year . It was the second time in the country 's history that the ruling party failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . Anwar has said the investigators trying to build a case against him are the same ones who hid evidence that could have cleared him in his sodomy-related conviction in 1999 . Journalist Liz Gooch contributed to this report .	A junior prosecutor is accused of having an affair with the accuser The sodomy trial of Anwar Ibrahim has been postponed until August 9 Sodomy can result in a 20-year sentence in Malaysia even if consensual
CNN  -- Severe storms pummeled Alabama and cut a path of destruction across several other southern states Wednesday , killing dozens of people , leveling buildings and trapping residents in their homes . Authorities said at least 42 people died in storms across the region . Alabama appeared to be the hardest hit Wednesday night , with at least 25 people killed in severe storms and tornadoes , emergency management director Art Faulkner told CNN . The National Guard dispatched hundreds of personnel to some of the state 's hardest hit areas . "  This has been a very serious and deadly event that 's affected our state , and it 's not over yet , " Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley told reporters Wednesday evening . In a statement released by the White House late Wednesday , President Barack Obama announced he had approved Bentley 's request for emergency federal assistance including search and rescue support . "  While we may not know the extent of the damage for days , we will continue to monitor these severe storms across the country and stand ready to continue to help the people of Alabama and all citizens affected by these storms , " Obama said . "  Michelle and I extend our deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their lives because of the tornadoes that have swept through Alabama and the southeastern United States , " he said . At least one strong tornado swept through Tuscaloosa , Alabama , leaving dozens of roads impassable and destroying hundreds of homes and businesses . Video from CNN affiliates there showed a massive whirling cloud darkening the sky as it approached . "  It literally obliterated blocks and blocks of the city , " Mayor Walter Maddox said , describing Tuscaloosa 's infrastructure as "  decimated . " An apparent tornado blew out windows , ripped off siding and damaged cars as it hit the DCH Regional Medical Center there , Command Center Coordinator Janet Teer said . Soon afterward , witnesses reported tornado touchdowns in Birmingham , Alabama . "  It looked like it was probably a mile wide , " Birmingham Mayor William Bell said . The northwest corner of the city was particularly devastated , he said , with hundreds injured and many others missing . A "  particularly dangerous situation " tornado watch from the National Weather Service remained in effect Wednesday night for parts of Mississippi , Alabama , Tennessee , South Carolina and Georgia -- including metro Atlanta . Several meteorological conditions combined Wednesday to create a particularly dangerous mix , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . A storm system that brought severe weather to parts of the South Plains earlier this week was heading east , a cold front was moving across the Deep South and upper levels of the atmosphere were conducive for severe storms . "  It is tornado season , but an intensive event like this only will occur maybe once or twice a year , " he said . "  It 's very rare to have all these ingredients come together . " Earlier Wednesday a tornado was believed to have struck the northern Alabama community of Cullman , damaging a hospital , ripping the roof off the courthouse and pummeling a number of residences , authorities said . Mayor Max Townson told CNN it appeared a tornado touched down on the west side of Cullman and then cut through the heart of the city , which has about 15,000 residents . "  Downtown was hit pretty hard , " said Freddie Day of the Cullman police department . He said a number of ambulances had been dispatched throughout the city . It was not immediately known how many people were injured . Reports of people trapped in homes or overturned vehicles along with reports of downed power lines were coming in from every state in the region , according to emergency management officials . At least 11 people were killed in storm-related incidents in Mississippi Tuesday night and Wednesday , according to the state Emergency Management Agency , which revised its death toll down from six earlier in the day . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families who lost loved ones or property in this devastating storm , " said Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , who declared a state of emergency in 39 of the state 's counties . The declaration allows the state to offer aid to the counties during recovery efforts . The state was also bracing for flooding along the Mississippi River . A local coroner reported three people were killed in Ringgold and eight were taken to the hospital after a twister swept through the town in the northwestern part of the state . Some buildings were completely demolished . A fourth died in nearby Trenton , Georgia , according to the Georgia Emergency Management Agency . Arkansas and Tennessee reported that at least one person had died in storms in each of those states . Barbara Martocci with the Tennessee Valley Authority said the Browns Ferry Nuclear Plant in Alabama automatically shut down after losing off-site power . Power has since been restored , however the plant has not been brought back online , the official said . In Cullman , the severe weather caused a natural gas line to rupture , though the extent of the damage was not immediately known , said Day of the Cullman police department . Officials at Cullman Regional Medical Center were assessing damage after declaring a "  code d " -- a disaster -- at the facility , switchboard operator Sharon Barnett told CNN . There were no immediate reports of storm-related injuries at the hospital . One witness said the damage at the hospital was confined to the roof . "  There 's no actual building damage , just stuff that fell off the roof , " said Summer Frost , who works at a Subway restaurant inside the hospital . In Chattanooga , Tennessee , iReporter Erika Dunn said a tree fell on her great-aunt 's home . She said her great-aunt reported the storm was so bad she could see a white wall of water coming toward the house . She was headed for her basement and was closing the door of her screened porch when the tree fell . "  It got really strong , really fast , " Dunn said . Hundreds of thousands of people across the region were without power , including 269,000 in Birmingham , said Michael Sznajderman , spokesman for Alabama Power . "  We 're chipping away " at restoring power , he said , but crews may be forced to halt work as a second line of storms approach . CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller , John Branch , Stephanie Gallman , Maria White , Vivian Kuo , Sean Morris , Dave Alsup , John Murgatroyd , Ed Payne , Phil Gast , Tommy Andres and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : Three confirmed dead in Ringgold , Georgia NEW : Alabama nuclear power plant loses power Birmingham 's mayor says many people are missing and hundreds are injured Alabama 's emergency management director says 25 people have been killed
Budget Travel  -- If the two forks of Long Island 's East End were sisters , the North Fork would undoubtedly be the innocent , modest one . Edgewater Cottage in Orient offers three rental apartments that share a front porch overlooking the water . She has none of the glitz of her southern peninsular twin , the Hamptons . Celebrities do n't seem to pay her much attention . She faces the quiet Long Island Sound instead of the lusty open ocean . And instead of a party scene , she offers bucolic countryside dotted with wineries and farm stands . But , as with sex appeal , geographic appeal is a matter of taste . Some of us prefer the North Fork 's easygoing charm to her famous sister 's haughty glamour . The North Fork may not be as posh as the Hamptons , in other words , but she has a better personality . "  The North Fork is like a young Sonoma , " says Joe Watson , who opened Vine Wine + Café , in Greenport , one of the area 's biggest villages , in 2006 . Long Island 's wine country occupied fewer than 20 acres of vineyards some 35 years ago , but today there are more than 4,000 acres . Local wines have been touted in Wine Spectator . This -- in combination with easy access to fresh seafood and produce -- has attracted a thriving group of epicures . Chef Tom Colicchio  of Top Chef fame , owner of the Craft restaurant empire , and cofounder of Manhattan 's tony Gramercy Tavern  bought a house here in 2004 . The area has not , however , become too enamored of its own success . Towns have been gently burnished , but their rural character has remained unchanged . "  This is the last vestige of what all of Long Island used to be , " says Chris Baiz , owner of The Old Field Vineyards in Southold . Budget Travel gallery : Check out this mellow wine scene Only about 75 miles from Manhattan , the North Fork juts into the Long Island Sound , separated from the Hamptons by the Peconic Bay . The peninsula itself is only about 30 miles long . At Riverhead , strip malls begin to give way to open spaces and , every few miles , a speck of a village just off the road . First Mattituck , then Cutchogue , Greenport , and at the far tip , Orient . When my husband and I turn off Main Road  Route 25  and arrive in Greenport on Friday afternoon , we wander down a quiet side street to Vine . We 've been told it 's a good spot to start sampling North Fork wines : The restaurant serves a dozen local varieties by the taste , the glass or the bottle . The carefully considered restaurant and wine bar occupies an old-fashioned house on a corner lot and has plenty of outdoor seating on a front porch and a terrace . It 's hard to imagine that when Watson first started coming out to the area 10 years ago , much of the town 's main street was vacant . "  Greenport was still a shambles , " he recalls . "  So many houses have been bought and fixed up now . It 's becoming a cute little village , like Sag Harbor but not as precious . " A meal can be assembled from the various small bites or more substantial dishes on the menu , but Watson says he wants to keep the focus on wine . "  I love when people have a couple of glasses of wine and some olives , and just hang out , " he says . And that sounds like a fine way to spend a weekend . On Saturday , we begin hunting and gathering . Many of the area wineries encourage visitors to bring a picnic to go along with their wine , and we stop at some farm stands for provisions . On Main Road in the village of Cutchogue , Wickham 's Fruit Farm has been operated by the same family for about 70 years . Fresh doughnuts  cinnamon , plain , or sugar  are brought out by the plateful , and there are jars of jam , containers of flavored honey sticks , a table of pies and pick-your-own fruit out back . I settle for some fresh-baked bread , a pint of strawberries and homemade cucumber salad for our alfresco feast . We reach the Shinn Estate Vineyards in Mattituck in time to share our picnic spread and taste some wine before catching a tour of the grounds by owner-vintner Barbara Shinn . Shinn and her husband , David Page , established their vineyard in 2000 and later sold their acclaimed Home Restaurant in Greenwich Village . They were determined to run a completely organic farm despite numerous warnings that it was an impossible feat with the fluctuating East Coast weather conditions . Through a combination of experimentation and perseverance , they have succeeded in creating a sustainable vineyard . Instead of chemical-based treatments , their biodynamic approach means rows are lush with overgrown grass and flowers that attract beneficial bugs -- a natural pest control for the vines . "  Out here , you realize how fragile the ecosystem is , " Shinn says . When Shinn and Page bought the farm , their immediate goal was to keep the land from being developed . The gaping hole between the declining profitability of farming and the soaring property values made the area vulnerable . Shinn and Page have been able to protect their land in perpetuity thanks to a law that allows them to get cash rewards for signing away their development rights to government authorities . "  Farmers are paid to preserve the land , " says Shinn . Because rosé wines are among my favorites , we head to Southold 's Croteaux Vineyards . They specialize in rosés , and their four offerings have notes like peach , cherry and vanilla . The property has five buildings from the 18th and 19th centuries , and the shady courtyard with red wrought-iron furniture looks a bit like a Hollywood fantasy of a vineyard setting -- but it 's real . We make our way to the very tip of the North Fork , and just before the town of Orient , a narrow bridge of land affords a view of a handful of large gracious homes along the shoreline . On the main street , Village Lane , the houses suddenly shrink , giving Orient the feel of a Victorian-era Lilliput . Perhaps in size they are cottages , but many look more like brightly painted toy mansions . At the curve in Village Lane , we come to a small harbor and find swans swimming in the ocean . Right at this spot is Edgewater Cottage , which has three apartments that share a front porch overlooking the water and a private strip of sandy beach . Many of the affordable places to stay on the North Fork are '60s - era motels that have a certain kitschy appeal but generally fall into the category of adequate . The airy , cedar-shingled Edgewater is a refreshing anomaly . The apartments -- with Shaker-style chairs and checked tablecloths -- are simple in a way that 's well suited to the setting . On Sunday morning , we make it to the Love Lane Kitchen by 10 a.m. , when tables are still plentiful . Wise move , since by 11 there 's a wait outside . The home-style food  a big jug of real maple syrup for the thick French toast  , friendly staff and low-key vibe  a large self-serve coffee setup ... why does n't every breakfast spot do this ?  make me fervently wish the café was located around the corner from my house . I also wish we were around long enough to come back for dinner : Love Lane 's uncomplicated menu hits that sweet spot between the area 's beachy eats and fussy white-tablecloth options . As we head back out toward more wine tasting , I spot the sign for Catapano Dairy Farm in Peconic , and we do a quick U-turn . Our reward : a private audience with a contented herd of goat kids . Catapano 's fresh chèvre , also sold at many of the local farm stands , is delicately flavored and so creamy-soft that it 's almost fluffy  the American Cheese Society named it the country 's best goat cheese in 2005  . If you were to pick a winery that best represents the North Fork idyll , the Old Field would be it . It has been farmed by Chris Baiz 's family for 90 years . He and his wife , Ros , bought the farm from their relatives to save it from being sold and subdivided . "  We decided this was something we needed to do , " explains Ros . "  Otherwise this land was going to be developed , and that seemed like a horrible , horrible thing to do . " One end of the property faces Main Road , and the other fronts Southold Bay .  The Baizes are growing oysters there this year .  Large , rambling and relaxed , the Old Field is shaded by enormous , ancient trees and has its own pond , plus bay views . The property , largely unchanged for 150 years , is scattered with old buildings and barns . You can take a tour of the vineyard to learn about the grapes , wine making and the harvest . But you can just as easily wander off to sit under a tree with the new release , Blush de Noir rosé . I make a point of stopping in to some of the midsize and larger wineries before heading back to Manhattan . At Pindar Vineyards , the biggest , a crowd of 35 people taste from more than 20 options , dozens of bottles of wine are stacked on a counter , and across the field a warehouse building bears a massive company logo . But the staff is jolly , and there 's a large covered deck out back for drinking and relaxing . It 's a different kind of social scene -- more bar than family room . I miss the small vineyards I experienced first . Talking with the owners , hearing their love for their grapes , seeing their determination to preserve the North Fork 's open spaces -- all of this while sitting in what are essentially their backyards -- just makes the wine taste better . If you go ... LODGING Edgewater Cottage 2072 Village Ln. , Orient , edgewatercottage.net , from $ 150 FOOD Vine Wine + Café 100 South St. , Greenport , vinewinebar.com , entrées from $ 15 Love Lane Kitchen 240 Love Ln. , Mattituck , lovelanekitchen.com , entrées from $ 12 WINERIES The Old Field Vineyards 59600 Rte . 25 , Southold , theoldfield.com , $ 10 for tour and tasting Shinn Estate Vineyards 2000 Oregon Rd. , Mattituck , shinnestatevineyards.com , $ 8.50 for tour and tasting Croteaux Vineyards 1450 South Harbor Rd. , Southold , croteaux.com , tasting $ 5 for three wines and sangria Pindar Vineyards 37645 Rte . 25 , Peconic , tasting $ 4 for five wines FARM STANDS Wickham 's Fruit Farm 28700 Rte . 25 , Cutchogue , wickhamsfruitfarm.com , jam $ 6 Catapano Dairy Farm 33705 Rte . 48 , Peconic , catapanodairyfarm.com , goat cheese $ 8 for 4.5 ounces Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Long Island 's North Fork has easygoing charm instead of Hamptons glitz There are more than 4,000 acres of vineyards in the area Visitors can tour and taste at small family-owned wineries
On Long Island Sound  CNN  -- On Friday morning , I boarded a leaky oyster boat in Connecticut with a captain who ca n't swim . Our destination : Manhattan , 84 miles down the coast . Mission : do n't drown get world leaders to act on climate change . If anyone can accomplish that herculean task it should be Bren Smith , a 42-year-old oysterman off the coast of Branford , Connecticut , who has become a sort of reluctant poster boy for doing something about the crisis instead of just talking about it . Bren 's oyster beds were wiped out twice by hurricanes , once by Irene and then , a year later , by Sandy . Warming waters and ocean acidification are n't helping his business model , either . But instead of giving up , he 's currently helping to pioneer new techniques for "  ocean farming , " growing , among other things , kelp seaweed for use in pasta , martinis and biofuel . That he ca n't swim has n't stopped him from spending his life on the ocean , which he loves .  "  The world disappears ; it does n't exist when you 're out here , " he said , bouncing over 3 - and 4-foot waves  . And that he , single-handedly , ca n't stop climate change did n't stop him from driving his boat down the coast to attend the People 's Climate March in New York on Sunday , which is being billed as the largest public demonstration for climate action to date . "  This is n't a shtick . I actually believe in this , " he said of the reason he 's boating from Connecticut to New York for the rally . "  I love the ocean . I want to protect it . " Bren -- who described himself as being "  on the front lines of the this crisis " -- will be one of the most important people to attend Sunday 's People 's Climate March , which is expected to draw more than 100,000 protestors ahead of United Nations climate summit on Tuesday . He 's essential to the international climate conversation for two reasons . One , he 's a witness to the reality of climate change today -- here and now and in America . Too often we think of this as an Arctic-only problem , or a 100-years-in-the-future problem . It 's actually both urgent and local , as Bren and so many others can attest . And two : Instead of just griping about the changes , he 's actually doing something to help . "  This is n't a story of giving up , " he said . "  This is a story of hope . " Preach , brother . We all have a lot to learn from Bren . Opinion : Why climate change is an ` everybody issue ' now I was lucky enough to get to join him and his co-conspirator , Ron Gautreau , 52 , on the 7Â 1/2 - hour journey from the Thimble Island Oyster Co. , near Branford , Connecticut , to Pier 59 in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan . We took Bren 's 1983 workboat , which he calls "  Mookie II , " named for the Mets ' legendary Mookie Wilson . It chugged along , past the mansions of Greenwich , Connecticut , and the industrial decay of Bridgeport , at a steady and slightly sea-sickening pace of about 17 mph . He told me he took the boat instead of a car because traffic on Interstate 95 headed into New York is "  f -- ing hell " and because it 's a fun bit of "  political theater , " inspired in part by 1970s protests in which farmers drove their tractors across the country to Washington to demand better farm policy . Between bouts of losing our footing and hollering over the wind , I got to learn some of Bren 's inspirational story . He grew up in in Petty Harbour , Newfoundland , a fishing village with 14 houses , as he tells it , at "  the edge of the world . " His parents were from New York and Connecticut , but moved there during the Vietnam War to dodge the draft . Their son took to the tiny village well , and started fishing at a young age . Because it was so remote , he said , it was a place where people were "  fascinated with everything new . " It was a place of doers and makers , not complainers . Bren 's parents later moved him to the Boston area . People sat around too much , and he missed being out on the ocean -- subject to its moods , humbled by its strength . So , at 14 , he dropped out and went to work as a commercial fishermen -- first in Massachusetts , then on the Bering Sea , where he saw 60-foot waves . He dreamed about the work even when he was n't doing it -- fell in love with a life lived out on the water . It was so cold , he said , he never bothered to learn to swim . That 's not uncommon among fishermen , he told me . The prevailing view : Swimming prolongs drowning . He 's no stranger to ecological catastrophe . He witnessed the collapse of cod populations in the Atlantic , which he said put many of his friends out of work . And then , when he 'd established himself as an oysterman on Long Island Sound , the hurricanes came . While scientists say it 's impossible to attribute any single storm to human-induced climate change , the warming atmosphere is expected to make hurricanes larger and more dangerous . And just as Bren rebuilt from one storm , the second hit . He lost 80 % of his oysters and about half of his equipment , he told me . "  That just blanketed the farm and killed everything , " he said . Three days after Sandy hit , he told me , he got online and started researching alternative methods of oyster cultivation -- and new crops to "  farm " in the ocean . He came upon the work of Charles Yarish , a professor at the University of Connecticut who studies seaweed cultivation . Yarish helped Bren devise a system , Bren told me , to grow kelp underwater in vertical columns , attached to buoys on the surface . He calls the result a "  3-D ocean farm " -- almost invisible from the surface , but capable of producing 10 tons of seaweed per acre per year , along with oysters , clams and mussels , some of which attach themselves to the towers of kelp . This vertical farming method might help prevent his entire operation from being wiped out if another storm swept through , pushing mud across the floor of Long Island Sound . As part of a nonprofit called GreenWave , he 's trying to help spread this idea to other "  ocean farmers " by open-sourcing the model and teaching what he knows . It 's a success story , at least for now . Bren now says the hurricanes were among the best things to happen to him -- because they forced him to innovate , to come up with a new , better way of doing things . The kelp helps sink carbon from the atmosphere , and it processes nitrogen pollution from land-based farms . It does n't require fresh water , which gives it an environmental leg up on traditional crops . Plus , he expects it to be more resilient in storms and warmer waters . But the future is still uncertain . "  Unless the fossil fuels industry reduces their emissions , my farm wo n't last , " he said . He sees oysters and other ocean creatures as the canaries in the coal mine for climate change . Most of us are so distant from the oceans we do n't see the change . When we were pulling into New York , I asked Bren what he would do if the United Nations and world leaders continued to fail to act on curbing global carbon emissions . The meetings next week are largely seen as gathering political will ahead of more-formal talks in 2015 . But what if no one cares ? "  I do n't know , " he said , calmly . "  I 'll just keep doing my part . " It 's just the kind of guy he is . It would help if elected officials operated with similar resolve .	Hundreds of thousands are expected at the People 's Climate March on Sunday The event is billed as the biggest climate change demonstration to date Among them will be Bren Smith , an "  ocean farmer " in Connecticut CNN 's John Sutter rides with Smith by boat from his farm to New York
CNN  -- Can your credit card buy you a second-hand memory ? Is it possible to purchase the warmth of recollection in a cash transaction ? Apparently a lot of people think so . According to Richard Sandomir of The New York Times , former New York Yankee Chris Chambliss recently decided he would endeavor to sell the bat he swung and the ball he hit to win the 1976 American League Championship Series . Sell them he did . For $ 121,874 . And Mike Eruzione , captain of the 1980 "  Do you believe in miracles ? " U.S. Olympic hockey team , decided to find out how much the uniform he wore in the defeat of the Soviet team would bring . He found out , all right : $ 657,250 . There seems to be a growth market in the items found in the closets and storage lockers of retired big-name athletes . For many of them , it makes perfect sense to cash in on the old uniforms , gloves , balls , bats , gym shoes and cleats . The allure of all that scuffed and fraying stuff shines brighter to strangers , and the athletes , as the years pass , have families with their own financial needs . But three names in Sandomir 's story jumped out , because each of the three athletes proved to me , a long time ago , that the finest memories are free . Bill Mazeroski , the second baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates who won the World Series against the Yankees in 1960 with a thrilling home run , is selling his old gear at an auction next month . The family of the late golfer Sam Snead sold the claret jug he won at the 1946 British Open for $ 262,900 . Bob Cousy , the great guard for the Boston Celtics , sold just about all the uniforms and memorabilia in his basement for around $ 320,000 , which he gave to his two daughters : "  That was a much greater priority than hanging on to it . " Maybe the people forking over their money for the sweat-stained clothes will find a lasting connection through their ownership . Yet as soon as I saw Mazeroski 's name , I thought about a long-ago afternoon when he gave a buddy and me something beyond price : his time . When my best friend Jack Roth and I were 12 years old and crazy about sports , we hatched a plan . Any time there was a big sports awards dinner in our Ohio town -- one of those events that would bring in famous athletes as draws -- we would meet at one of our houses and go to two separate telephones . We 'd call the hotel where we knew the event was being held , and we 'd lower our voices a few octaves and ask for the room of the sports star we dreamed of talking to . Sometimes it worked ; sometimes it did n't . And sometimes , even when we got through , the athlete would decline to talk with us . We even loved those moments -- at least we 'd been able to briefly hear the voice of the famous quarterback or center fielder , even if all he was saying was "  No . " When an athlete would agree to talk with us , though -- we said we wanted to do a sports interview , but were a bit vague in specifying that our only outlet was a little self-produced mimeographed newspaper -- it was something we sensed , even at the time , that we would never forget . And we never did . Jack died nine years ago , and in his final months we reminisced about those afternoons , and about our gratitude for the athletes who had given us those memories . Bill Mazeroski and Sam Snead were two of them who were the most generous with us ; sure , they may have just been killing time in the hours before they had to go down to the banquet room , but they shared a little of that time with us . We did n't own a tape recorder -- Jack would hold one receiver of those big old rotary-dial phones , and I would do the same on another extension in the house , and we would trade off questions and take notes -- and I 'm glad that we did n't have tapes , because if we had , the tapes might have replaced the memories , the tapes might have become cold stand-ins . I do n't need a tape to recall , with a smile , what one celebrated ballplayer told us after we asked him our standard final wrap-up question : "  What is your advice for young athletes ? " His reply : "  Keep them grades up . " And Bob Cousy ? He never came to our town , as far as I knew . But some of us , as kids , would , just about every day , send an envelope to one famous professional athlete or another in big-league cities . Inside each envelope was a pre-stamped , self-addressed postcard . We would hope that , before or after a game , the athlete , opening his fan mail in the locker room , would see our postcard , sign his name on it and drop it in a mailbox . It was like playing the lottery . You never knew . One day , when the mail carrier arrived at my parents ' home , there it was : the postcard I had sent to Bob Cousy in care of the far-off Boston Garden , now bearing his signature , with a personal inscription to me above it . It was just such a great day . Decades later , when I would get to know Cousy , and I would run into him from time to time , I would always remind him of that story , and would always thank him anew . Being a gracious man , he would smile and say it was nothing . It was n't nothing . It was everything . I hope that the people who are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars in pursuit of memories of their sports heroes will feel that they got their money 's worth . But the best memories in life , the most enduring , are nontransferable , and never for sale . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Big-name athletes are cashing in on old uniforms and balls to the tune of a lot of money Bob Greene : Is it possible to buy the warmth of recollection in a cash transaction ? He recalls some of his sports heroes who gave him something beyond price : their time Greene : The best memories in life , the most enduring , are nontransferable , never for sale
CNN  -- A lawyer for former Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide scoffed Monday at a U.S. government warning that his client 's planned return to Haiti from South Africa could disrupt elections scheduled for Sunday . "  The U.S. government has done everything they can to keep him halfway around the world , " said Ira Kurzban , Aristide 's longtime , Miami-based lawyer . "  For them to issue this ridiculous statement that it was voluntary and that he voluntarily stayed in South Africa is pure fiction . He 's been trying to come back for seven years . " Kurzban was referring to a comment made by State Department spokesman Mark Toner , who said Monday , "  Mr. Aristide has chosen to remain outside of Haiti for seven years . To return this week can only be seen as a conscious choice to impact Haiti 's elections . ... Return prior to the election may potentially be destabilizing to the political process . " Kurzban said Aristide , Haiti 's first democratically elected president , is planning to return before Sunday 's elections , though he said he did not know when . Aristide has long said that he was removed from Haiti in 2004 aboard a CIA plane in a coup carried out by the U.S. government . U.S. authorities have said they were seeking to prevent him from being violently overthrown by domestic unrest . Since then , Aristide has been trying to return to Haiti to work in education , Kurzban said . He particularly wants to return prior to the election so that any new government will not have the opportunity to keep him out , something he said the U.S. government would support . "  The U.S. government is very involved in keeping Aristide out and trying to shepherd in a right-wing government , " the lawyer said . Since 2004 , Aristide has been teaching in South Africa and trying to arrange for his return to Haiti , his lawyer said . In February , he received a new Haitian passport . But the lawyer conceded that Aristide 's return would draw attention away from the current list of presidential candidates . "  It 's clear that the candidates now running for office have very low popularity among the Haitian people and the U.S. does n't want a figure as popular as Aristide coming back , " Kurzban said . "  He 's a populist and represents the aspirations of the Haitian people and  U.S. government officials  are , I think , afraid that those aspirations may not be consistent with the interests of supporting the elite in Haiti . " Toner said that the Haitian constitution gives Aristide the right to return and that the decision to allow that is in the hands of the Haitian government . "  We would urge former President Aristide to delay his return until after the electoral process has concluded to permit the Haitian people to cast their ballots in a peaceful atmosphere , " Toner told reporters at a State Department briefing unrelated to Haiti . And the State Department spokesman asked South Africa , where Aristide and his family have lived since he left Haiti voluntarily in 2004 , to also make the case against his return . "  We encourage the South African government as a committed partner to Haiti 's stability to urge former president Aristide to delay his return until after the elections , " Toner said . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Charley Keyes contributed to this story	NEW : "  The U.S. has worked "  to keep him halfway around the world , " Aristide 's lawyer says The exiled former president has declared his intent to return A runoff election is set for Sunday Aristide 's return could destabilize the process , the State Department says
The man accused of kidnapping 16-year-old Hannah Anderson and murdering her mother and brother was killed on Saturday , bringing to an end a manhunt that spanned from California to Idaho , authorities said . James Lee DiMaggio , 40 , was shot and killed by an FBI agent following what was described as a "  confrontation " near Morehead Lake , according to authorities . Hannah was found alive , and she was taken to an area hospital for an evaluation , authorities said . Here 's a look at the timeline of the case : Saturday , August 3 Hannah is last seen at cheerleading practice near her home in San Diego County . Sunday , August 4 Authorities in Southern California issue a statewide Amber Alert via cell phone for Hannah and her 8-year-old brother , Ethan , after they are reported missing by their grandparents , the same day DiMaggio 's home was burned . While extinguishing the house fire , personnel discover the body of the children 's mother , Christina Anderson , 42 , of Lakeside , California . They also recover the badly burned remains of a child and the body of a dog . Monday , August 5 The San Diego County Sheriff 's Office releases several photos of DiMaggio , saying they believe he is driving a blue , four-door Nissan Versa with California license plate 6WCU986 . Tuesday , August 6 Hannah 's father , Brett Anderson , pleads for DiMaggio to release his daughter . "  Jim , I ca n't fathom what you were thinking . The damage is done . I 'm begging you to let my daughter go . You 've taken everything else , " he tells reporters . "  Hannah , we all love you very much . If you have a chance , you take it , you run . You 'll be found . " Anderson does not mention Ethan in his remarks , prompting a reporter to ask San Diego Sheriff 's Department Lt. Glenn Giannantonio whether the child 's remains might be those of the boy . Giannantonio says the remains have not been identified . Wednesday , August 7 The search for DiMaggio expands from California to other states as tips pour in to San Diego authorities with possible sightings of DiMaggio , Hannah and Ethan . An Amber Alert is issued in Oregon after a possible sighting of DiMaggio 's vehicle , the Oregon State Police said . Thursday , August 8 Authorities announce DiMaggio 's car has been found after a man on horseback reported he had a brief conversation with two campers in the Idaho wilderness on Wednesday . The horseback rider told investigators he struck up a brief conversation with Hannah and DiMaggio , who he did not know were being sought until later when he saw a news report about the missing girl and called the Amber Alert tip line . Friday , August 9 San Diego authorities formally confirm the remains of the child found inside the burned out home were those of Ethan . DiMaggio 's car is discovered in a rugged mountain area in central Idaho . The car was hidden by brush and the license plates removed . About 250 law enforcement personnel -- among them about 150 FBI agents , in addition to state , county and other federal agents -- converge on the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness , about 15 miles outside Cascade , Idaho , looking for the teenage girl and DiMaggio . Saturday , August 10 Authorities say they spotted the campsite being used by DiMaggio from the air . They sent in law enforcement personnel on foot , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore tells reporters . An FBI tactical agent killed DiMaggio at about 5:15 p.m. local time during a confrontation near Morehead Lake , the sheriff says . Hannah has been found alive and taken to an area hospital for an evaluation , he says .	On Saturday,16-year-old Hannah Anderson was found and is safe , authorities say Her alleged captor , James DiMaggio , is dead , police say The teen 's brother and mother were killed in a fire at their family home
CNN  -- It 's doubtful there 's ever a perfect time or place to end a marriage , but for Dean McDermott , that time and place was in a Palm Springs , California , hotel room after playing a round of golf . Mary Jo Eustace said she 's been able to take her 2006 divorce from Dean McDermott and turn it into a positive . The actor told his then-wife , Mary Jo Eustace , that he 'd been having an affair with Tori Spelling and that he 'd found his soul mate , Eustace recalled Tuesday on HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show . " " -LSB- He said -RSB- , ` I 'm leaving you -- she loves me unconditionally , ' " Eustace said . Eustace replied that "  you 've known her -LSB- for -RSB- three weeks . I actually thought it was a joke . I thought I was being punked . But it was true , " she told Behar . Eustace offers life lessons she learned from the 2006 split with McDermott in her book "  Divorce Sucks : What to Do When Irreconcilable Differences , Lawyers Fees , and Your Ex Husband 's Hollywood Wife Makes You Miserable , " which arrived in bookstores Monday . Watch Eustace describe her shock " Donald Trump 's ex-wife Marla Maples ; Dina Matos , ex-wife of former New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey ; and Lance Armstrong 's ex , Kristen , also appeared on Behar 's show to break down what happens during and after very public breakups . When Eustace found out her 13-year marriage was ending , she said she was "  in a really ugly bikini -- missing like padding on one side , holding my daughter in my arms , " but at least the bomb was n't dropped in front of news cameras . Matos was standing right next to her husband when he admitted at a press conference that he 'd had an affair with another man . "  I was in shock because I had only learned three days before that he had been involved in a relationship , " Matos recalled on Tuesday 's show . "  I was there in the moment . I was there physically but mentally , you know ; I was just trying to maintain my composure and not fall apart in front of the cameras . " When a marriage ends , "  you think this is the end of your life as you know it , " Matos said . "  And in some ways it is . You feel powerless . " Especially once the media picks up on the crumbling matrimony . "  The first week that my divorce was announced ... I saw a picture of my ex-husband with his new wife 's legs wrapped around his head , " Eustace said . "  You 're in complete survival mode . " Although Lance Armstrong 's post-marriage flame , Sheryl Crow , was n't the reason his five-year marriage to Kristen ended , she told Behar it was still difficult to watch . And yet the hardest part for Kristen Armstrong was disliking her former husband 's new love . "  I really wanted to dislike her , " Armstrong said . "  I really did . -LSB- But -RSB- she 's beautiful . She 's smart . She 's funny . She was great with the kids . For as much as I wanted to dislike her and I tried , I could n't . " Matos said it 's different when your husband leaves for another man . "  When your husband leaves you for another woman , at some point you know there was love in the marriage , and you had something , " she said on Tuesday 's show . "  But when your husband is not the person that you think he is , you know , he 's an impostor -- then you start questioning every aspect of your life together . What was real ? Did he ever love me ? Why did he marry me ? Later I found out why , " she said . After McGreevey announced his affair , Matos said she found papers that appeared to be the outline for a book that said McGreevey married her "  for political gain , " she said . "  He married me because he wanted to become governor and perhaps president . That 's very painful . " All of the ex-wives said they 've been able to use their divorces as a time to grow . "  You feel dehumanized , horrible , " Eustace said of divorce . "  With lawyers and fighting and feeling unloved and unlovable , and the media thrown into it , you really have to take care of yourself and to take care of your kids , " she said . "  It really can be life-affirming ... a wonderful second opportunity in your life . It can be actually , I think , very positive . "	Joy Behar invited women who went through public divorces onto her HLN show Mary Jo Eustace talked about how hard it was to watch Dean McDermott move on Lance Armstrong 's ex-wife , Kristen , said she could n't hate her husband 's new love Dina Matos said ex-New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey married her for political gain
LONDON , England -- A yellow smiley-face badge , smeared with blood , has become the trademark for "  Watchmen , " the most critically revered of all comic-books -- but it could also represent its troubled journey from page to big screen . "  Watchmen " opens with the unexplained murder of The Comedian  Jeffrey Dean Morgan  . Note smiley badge . The subject of fervent debate in the geekosphere for more than two decades , "  Watchmen , " finally rolls out in the U.S. and other territories from the first week of March onward . But it 's not as well known to wider audiences , who may puzzle at all this heat about a superhero movie with no A-list star attached . Instead , they may simply ask : "  Watch-what ? " Are you looking forward to "  Watchmen ? " Or think it 's just hype ? Tell us your views "  Watchmen , " created by the UK comic-book team of writer Alan Moore and artist Dave Gibbons , surfaced in 1986 as a monthly 12-issue series published by DC Comics  part of Time-Warner , which owns CNN parent company Turner Broadcasting  . It was a defining year for the medium : aside from "  Watchmen , " '86 also saw Pulitzer-prize winning holocaust drama "  Maus , " from The New Yorker contributor Art Spielgeman ; and Frank Miller 's hyperviolent Batman reworking "  The Dark Knight Returns . " "  Watchmen , " set in 1985 , sets up a parallel world in which America never lost Vietnam , Russia is about to invade Afghanistan and Nixon still holds power  Bernstein and Woodward were murdered  . Meanwhile a superhero team -- only one of whom has special powers -- reforms after a fellow operative is mysteriously slain . So far , so what . But what lifts "  Watchmen " is a complex , multi-layered narrative and depth of characterization that ensured it was the only comic-book to make Time 's 100 best novels since 1923 . A dark , downbeat work with a heady 11th-hour twist , it puts as much store on subsidiary characters like a newspaper seller as its does blue-skinned man-god Dr Manhattan . Watch "  Watchmen " trailer . " Perfect fodder , one might think , for the multiplex -- but "  Watchmen " has been lodged in Development Hell for the best part of two decades . At various times Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vin Diesel were mooted to play Manhattan ; Mickey Rourke and Ed Norton suggested for right-wing vigilante Rorschach . Directors set to shoot have included Terry Gilliam , Darren Aronofsky , Paul Greengrass and David Hayter  whose script has been retained for much of the final film  . Several planned shoots failed to materialize due to studio fears about the budget  locations include Antarctica and Mars as well as New York  and how the ending might be perceived in a post-9 / 11 world . But film-makers such as Gilliam and Guillermo del Toro also believed that the complex material would be better treated as a TV mini-series  as the "  Pan 's Labyrinth " film-maker told IGN : "  I just could n't get my head around ` Watchmen ' being two or three hours long . " Whoever made "  Watchmen " would also do so without Moore 's blessing . Still resident in his hometown of Northampton , central England , Moore cuts an imposing figure . At least six-and-a-half feet tall , with chest-length beard and hair , talon-like rings on his fingers and the skull of a centuries-old Buddhist monk in his study , he resembles Doctor Who as reimagined by Edgar Allan Poe .  In person he 's gracious and affable , as this writer will attest from a few years back  . Moore has had a mixed relationship with both the mainstream comic-book industry  which he accuses of over-commercialization and exploiting creators ' rights  and Hollywood . The comic-book series "  From Hell , " in which Moore uses the Jack the Ripper killings as a precursor to 20th-century violence , runs to about 500 pages , including 40-plus pages of footnotes . On film it became a melodramatic pad around Victorian London , gamely carried by a pre - "  Pirates " Johnny Depp . Two other Moore adaptations also failed to translate . Stephen Norrington 's "  The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen "  2003  was widely derided and the subject of a court case into which Moore was dragged ; by the time of James McTeigue 's better judged "  V For Vendetta "  2005  , Moore had asked his name be taken off any movie adaptations and refused to take royalties . Enter Zack Snyder . In 2004 , Snyder came to the attention of mainstream cinemagoers with his well-regarded remake of George A Romero 's zombie flick "  Dawn of The Dead . " Following the $ 450m-plus taken worldwide by Snyder 's "  300 "  2006  -- a hyper-stylized take on Frank Miller 's ancient Greek suicide-mission -- it was announced that "  Watchmen " would be his next project with Warner Bros. . Paramount , which abandoned plans for the movie in 2005 , took international rights . The $ 150-million feature went into production in Vancouver in mid-2007 , wrapping in early 2008 , and with a cast including Billy Crudup and Jackie Earle Haley . Snyder has retained "  Watchmen 's " 1980s setting and also recruited original artist Gibbons -- who still retains friendship with Moore -- to advise on production design . Mindful that a narrative so complex could never work as a movie , Snyder has jettisoned several parallel subplots , which will surface as DVD extras and in director 's cuts . Word is that the ending has also been changed . But wary of over-tweaking , Snyder told Entertainment Weekly last year : "  You ca n't make it into something else , you really ca n't . It 's not ` Fantastic Four , ' it 's got to be hard R -LSB- cinema rating -RSB- , it 's got to challenge everyone 's ideas . " Meanwhile Moore , who sometimes mentions that he worships a Roman snake-god , hinted in the LA Times that he had cursed the feature . "  I can tell you that I will also be spitting venom all over it for months to come , " he added . So was it Moore who saw "  Watchmen " end up in the courts for a case that risked scuppering its release ? Last year Twentieth Century Fox claimed it still retained rights through an earlier deal with producer Lawrence Gordon in the 1980s ; Warners Bros disagreed but a judge decided there was a case to answer . A settlement was eventually thrashed out last month , only weeks ahead of release . And so "  Watchmen " ticks toward early March and a rollout in spring , the now-traditional season for edgier comic-book adaptations like "  300 " and "  Sin City . " Trailers and early footage have drawn praise , with several scenes playing like detailed frames from the original artwork . But key will be whether Snyder can match "  Watchmen 's " dramatic beats against its green-screen chicanery for more than two hours  IMDB lists the running time at 163 minutes  . After all , successfully mixing pyrotechnics and narrative is how the most satisfying genre features of recent years -- such as Peter Jackson 's "  Lord Of The Rings " trilogy and Christopher Nolan 's "  The Dark Knight " -- have found artistic , as well as commercial , favor . Should Snyder pull it off then will he earn the gratitude of fan boys everywhere , as well as no small thanks from a fair few movie executives . What Alan Moore might think is another issue .	Comic-book movie , directed by Zack Snyder , took two decades to reach cinemas Directors Terry Gilliam , Darren Aronofsky , Paul Greengrass , previously attached Source material regarded by many as the best comic-book ever written Co-creator Alan Moore has objected to the idea of story being made into movie
CNN  -- Asia 's first grand slam singles champion Li Na has called time on her 15-year tennis career due to "  chronic " knee injuries . The current world No. 6 won the French Open in 2011 and the Australian Open in 2014 as well as helping popularize the sport in Asia . "  It took me several agonizing months to finally come to the decision that my chronic injuries will never again let me be the tennis player that I can be , " said Li on her Facebook page . "  Walking away from the sport , effective immediately , is the right decision for me and my family . " Paying tribute to Li'is successful career , WTA chairman and chief executive officer Stacey Allaster highlighted the Chinese star 's help in raising tennis ' profile in Asia . "  She is a pioneer who opened doors to tennis for hundreds of millions of people throughout China and Asia , " said Allaster in a statement . "  It 's hard to be a household name in a nation with 1.4 billion people , but that 's what Li Na is , " added Allaster . "  Her legacy is immense and I have no doubt that her contributions to the WTA will be seen for decades to come in China , throughout Asia and the rest of the world . " World number one Serena Williams also paid her own tribute . "  Your retirement is a sad day for tennis but I 'm sure your future will be bright . The star you left on our sport will never dim . Thank you for always making everyone smile , " she wrote on her Facebook page . As well as her two grand slam triumphs , the 32-year-old Li reached the Australian Open final in 2011 and 2013 . After her 2014 win in Melbourne , she became world No. 2 in February -- the highest ranking ever attained by an Asian player . However , an injury to her right knee forced Li to withdraw from April 's Stuttgart Open , and the 32-year-old has struggled with her form since . It was a knee injury that forced her to miss the recent U.S. Open . "  After four knee surgeries and hundreds of shots injected into my knee weekly to alleviate swelling and pain , my body is begging me to stop the pounding , " Li added on her Facebook page . "  My previous three surgeries were on my right knee . My most recent knee surgery took place this July and was on my left knee . "  While I 've come back from surgery in the past , this time it felt different . As hard as I tried to get back to being 100 % , my body kept telling me that , at 32 , I will not be able to compete at the top level ever again . "  The sport is just too competitive , too good , to not be 100 % . " Li , who played in three Olympics for China and retires having earned $ 16.7 million in prize money , has no plans to completely sever her links with tennis . "  We 're putting together various plans on how we will continue to grow the sport of tennis in China , " she said . "  These plans include opening the Li Na Tennis Academy , which will provide scholarships for the future generation of Chinese tennis stars . "  I will also stay involved in the Right to Play , an organization dedicated to helping underprivileged children overcome challenges through sport . "	Chinese tennis star Li Na retires at age of 32 due to injury Li was Asia 's first grand slam singles champion The 32-year-old Li had win-loss record of 503-188 Li recorded prize money earnings of $ 16.7 million
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- The United States is prepared for "  any contingency " when it comes to dealing with North Korea , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta told CNN . "  We 're within an inch of war almost every day in that part of the world , and we just have to be very careful about what we say and what we do , " Panetta said Wednesday on "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " During a wide-ranging interview at NATO headquarters in Brussels , Panetta and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton talked about Syria , the Secret Service and North Korea . The two were in Belgium for meetings to prepare for a NATO summit in Chicago next month . Panetta 's assessment of North Korea followed last week 's launch by Pyongyang of a long-range rocket . Despite the failure of the launch -- with the rocket breaking apart 81 seconds after liftoff , it drew condemnation from the United States and countries in the region . When asked whether the threat posed by North Korea kept him awake at night , Panetta said : "  Unfortunately these days , there 's a hell of a lot that keeps me awake . But that 's one that tops the list . " Since the failed rocket launch , there has been speculation that North Korea would carry out a nuclear test -- something it did before following a failed rocket launch . Panetta said a nuclear test would be considered a provocation and "  worsen our relationship , " though he refused to discuss specific action the United States would take in response . International leaders had urged North Korea to cancel the launch , but Pyongyang refused to back down , insisting the operation is for peaceful purposes . North Korea said the rocket was designed to carry an observation satellite , though the United States , South Korea and Japan said it was a cover for a long-range ballistic missile test . The use of ballistic missile technology is a violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1874 . Kim Jong Un , the grandson of Kim Il Sung , became the new head of the secretive regime in December , following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il . The leadership transition has added to uncertainties about Pyongyang 's intentions . "  We really are waiting and watching to see whether he can be the kind of leader the North Korean people need . If he just follows in the footsteps of his father , we do n't expect much other than the kind of provocative behavior and the deep failure of the political and economic elite to take care of their own people , " Clinton said . Clinton said it was too early to determine if there was a prospect for a shift in relations on the Korean peninsula with the younger Kim , who lived outside of North Korea for a time . "  We believe that he may have some hope that the conditions in North Korea can change . But again , we 'll watch and wait , " Clinton said . "  He gave a speech the other day that was analyzed as being some of the same old stuff and some possible new approach . " As a result of the launch , the United States has suspended an agreement reached in February to provide food aid to North Korea . North Korea has been plagued by famine for years and unable to feed its 25 million people . The country lost a million people to famine in the 1990s . A report last year by aid agencies , who were invited to North Korea , found that the food shortage was so severe that North Koreans were being forced to forage for wild grasses and herbs . "  The United States , as you know , was willing to try to reach out to him , which we did , " Clinton said . "  We had several high-level meetings . We agreed to provide some food aid in return for their ending some of their uranium enrichment and missile development , and they do what has been already termed by Leon  Panetta  and the rest of the world as a provocative action . "  It 's hard for us to tell right now , is this the way it will be with this new leader or does he feel like he has to earn his own credibility in order to have a new path for North Korea ? " North Korea had drawn world attention with the announcement of the launch , which came during a two-day nuclear summit in South Korea that brought together leaders from the United States , Russia , China and dozens . The launch also coincided with celebrations surrounding the 100th anniversary of the birth of its late founding leader , Kim Il Sung . The regime had invited international journalists and space experts to view the launch pad and the satellite , and called the effort "  an inspiring deed and an event of historic significance . " The last time Pyongyang carried out what it described as a satellite launch , in April 2009 , the U.N. Security Council condemned the action and demanded that it not be repeated . When asked about recent comments made by Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney who said North Korea 's rocket launch highlights the "  incompetence " of the Obama administration , Panetta said : "  It 's pretty clear that this administration took a firm stand . " "  The fact is it was provocative , and we have made it very clear to them they should not taken any additional , provocative actions , " Panetta said . "  I think that was a clear , strong message that not only our country , but the world sent to North Korea . That 's the way , frankly , that United States ought to behave . " On the unrest in Syria , Clinton said it was a "  long shot " that Russia and China would change their position and allow for a U.N. Security Council resolution that calls for an end to the violence and a transition of power . Russia and China have previously vetoed resolutions condemning the violence in Syria . "  There does n't seem to be any willingness on their part to go further than where we are right now . But this is a fast-changing situation , " Clinton said . There are a number of countries concerned about what will happen if Syria descends into a civil war or cause a regional conflict , she said . "  I do n't think we 're half way through this story yet , " Clinton said . On the alleged misconduct involving prostitutes by Secret Service agents and military personnel in Cartagena , Columbia , Panetta called allegations "  disturbing . " "  The reason it was disturbing is that whether it takes place in Colombia or any other country or in the United States , expect that our people behave according to the highest standards of conduct , " Panetta said . "  That obviously did n't happen here . As a result we 're investigating the matter , and as a result of that investigation we 'll hold these people accountable . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton and Leon Panetta sit for a joint interview at NATO in Brussels Panetta says a nuclear test by North Korea would be a provocation He refused to discuss what specific action the U.S. would take against North Korea Clinton says it was too early to know if Kim Jong Un will follow the lead of his late father
It has three times the horsepower of the average car . It 's notoriously difficult to handle , even for professional drivers . And now , it 's known as the car actor Paul Walker was riding in when he died . Both Walker and his driving team partner , who was behind the wheel , died after the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT they were in slammed into a pole and burst into flames . Los Angeles County authorities say speed was a factor in the crash and are investigating how fast the exotic car was going . So why is the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT so different from other street cars ? Here are five reasons : 1  It flies on the road The sports car has a top speed of 208 mph , a very high-revving V10 engine and more than 600 horsepower , said Eddie Alterman , editor-in-chief of Car and Driver magazine . Police rule out 2nd vehicle in Walker crash "  This was not a car for novices , " Alterman said . "  Actually , the Carrera GT program began as a racing program . " Todd Trimble , an exotic car mechanic in Las Vegas , said the Carrera GT is a "  very hard car to drive . " "  It 's  a  pure racer 's car . You really need to know what you 're doing when you drive them . And a lot of people are learning the hard way . " 5 things to know about Roger Rodas , who died with Paul Walker 2  It 's incredibly expensive Brand new , the car costs $ 450,000 . An oil change alone costs $ 900 , Trimble said . 3  The engine is in the middle Having the engine in the middle of the car means it 's more agile and turns more quickly than a car with the engine in the front or in the rear . The Carrera GT is able to change direction "  very quickly , very much like a race car , " Alterman said . "  It was beyond a super car . It is what we call a hyper car . " 4  It has no stability control The Carrera GT is also unusual because it has no electronic stability control . That means it 's unforgiving with mistakes . "  Stability control is really good at correcting slides , keeping the car from getting out of shape , " race car driver Randy Pobst said . Pobst coached the actors in the second "  Fast & Furious " movie -- including Paul Walker . "  Paul was by far the best driver -- a natural car guy , " he said . Alterman said learning to drive a car like a Carrera GT can be extremely tricky . "  Every car is sort of different . And this one , especially since it had such a hair-trigger throttle , because it changed directions so quickly , there is a lot to learn . " 5  There are only 1,300 of them Porsche made only about 1,300 Carreras GTs -- and they 're disappearing fast . "  They 're getting rarer and rarer , " Trimble said . "  Most of the time , when they do get wrecked , there 's not much left of them . " Walker and other stars who died during production	The 2005 Porsche Carrera GT goes up to 208 mph and has more than 600 horsepower "  It was beyond a super car . It is what we call a hyper car , " a Car and Driver editor says The car costs $ 450,000 new , and an oil change alone costs $ 900
CNN  -- From the Nintendo 3DS 's ability to grab titles on demand to the increasing popularity of retail sites like Steam and Direct2Drive.com , downloadable games will be everywhere in 2011 . The days when you had to visit your local store , buy a title and insert a disc into your console to play a game are long gone . Thanks to new episodic titles  "  Back to the Future , " "  Jurassic Park "  , popular indie PC games  "  Minecraft , " "  Recettear "  and a growing range of smartphone apps and console-exclusive downloads , digital game distribution continues to grow . Whether you 're playing on your PlayStation 3 , Wii , Xbox 360 or mobile handset , here are five new and upcoming titles that exemplify the expanding breadth of what online game downloads have to offer . "  X-Men Arcade "  PlayStation Network/Xbox Live Arcade Revisit your misspent adolescence with a conversion of the popular side-scrolling 1992 arcade brawler starring Cyclops , Wolverine , Nightcrawler and other comic book favorites -- before they became movie icons . High-definition multiplayer cartoon action for up to six players takes top billing , as you use fists , laser beams and super powers to bludgeon Magneto 's crew of villains , including Juggernaut , Pyro and The Blob . "  Gemini Rue "  Wadjet Eye Games A sci-fi point-and-click adventure set in a dystopian future that 's drawn comparison to genre classics like "  Beneath a Steel Sky , " this retro-futuristic , film noir-flavored tale harkens back to PC gaming 's early '90s heyday . It 's available February 24 , and anyone who owned an Amiga or IBM-compatible should appreciate its nostalgic pixel graphics and "  Blade Runner " - style vibe . "  Full House Poker "  Xbox Live Arcade  Arriving on the heels of interactive game show "  1 vs. 100 " comes Microsoft 's next multiplayer social gaming experiment , which makes online poker tournaments possible for up to 30 players . Texas Hold 'Em showdowns , staffed by avatars , can be played for virtual chips , with hidden surprises -- including new tables , decks and outfits to unlock -- and the ability to compete against professional players . "  MotoHeroz "  WiiWare , RedLynx Following upon the success of popular speedster "  Trials HD , " developer RedLynx hopes to bridge the gap between side-scrolling platform hoppers and arcade racing with this candy-colored interactive rally for up to four players . Offbeat physics set the stage as you compete on more than 100 levels , with daily competitions , online leader boards and , oddly enough , single-player story options . These should provide a ready excuse to put pedal to the metal . "  Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 "  PlayStation Network/Xbox Live Arcade This game picks up where the last downloadable mix of combat and grappling arm-powered action  and 1988 NES game  left off , adding a jump button , items to equip  love the grenade launcher !  and enhanced graphics . With puzzles to solve and bosses to battle , it should provide old-school fun for anyone who 's ever dreamed of playing a disgruntled cyborg .	Digital game distribution continues to grow , thanks to new titles and smartphone apps "  Gemini Rue " is a sci-fi point-and-click adventure set in a dystopian future With its bosses to battle and its puzzles , "  Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 " is old-school fun
CNN  -- An appeals court on Monday sided with the federal government in blocking several provisions in Alabama and Georgia 's controversial anti-illegal immigration laws , while allowing other key parts of those laws to stand . Advocacy groups like the American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Poverty Law Center applauded the decisions , with National Immigration Law Center executive director Marielena Hincapie saying in a statement they "  should send a strong message that state attempts to criminalize immigrants and their loved ones will not be tolerated . " Still , while three judges from the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals did strike down more challenged provisions than they allowed in a pair of rulings , officials from both Alabama and Georgia pointed out that the vast majority of their states ' immigration laws remain valid . "  The essence of Alabama 's immigration law has been upheld by today 's ruling , " Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement . "  The core of  the  law remains if you live or work in the state , you should do so legally . " Talking about the appeals court decision 's effect on his state 's law , Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens said , "  While I disagree with the Court 's decision on Section 7 , after over a year of litigation , only one of 23 sections of HB 87 has been invalidated . " Undocumented immigrants line up for relief from deportation While dealing with two different states and laws , both decisions were signed on by a trio of judges -- Charles Wilson , Beverly Martin and Richard Voorhees -- who considered the two cases at the same time . The issue of illegal immigration has become a hot-button issue in recent years , with several states passing their own laws in bids to boost local and state law enforcement agencies powers to prevent undocumented residents from living , working and getting benefits in their states . Political leaders in these states , many of them Republican , have criticized the federal government for not doing enough in this regard and argued this lack of action made it imperative that states do more . But the federal government has challenged all or parts of many of these laws , insisting that it is the federal governments ' responsibility , and not individual states , to enact and enforce immigration laws . The U.S. Supreme Court waded into this debate in June , when it ruled by a 5-3 vote to uphold the authority of the federal government to set immigration policies and laws while weighing in on legislation in Arizona that helped kickstart the debate . The court , however , did allow one of the most controversial provisions of that state 's law to stand : letting local and state police check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . The rulings Monday resembled that high court ruling in many respects , with the appeals court judges ' Alabama decision even quoting U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy 's majority ruling on the Arizona . "  Although  illegal immigration  is a problem that gives rise to unique issues in our nation , we must be mindful that individual states ` may not pursue policies that undermine federal law , ' " the three judges said . One provision the court assessing the two state 's laws did let stand , as the Supreme Court had in the Arizona case , is to allow law enforcement to check the immigration status of those suspected of a crime . Taking the chance of a lifetime This was one of only two provisions in the Georgia legislation , known as HB 87 , that the federal appeals court considered . The other would institute three crimes for "  interactions with an ` illegal alien ' . " These are knowingly transporting such a person "  while committing another criminal offense , " "  concealing or harboring " an undocumented person and lastly "  inducing an illegal alien to go into " Georgia , according to the appeals court ruling citing the state 's legislation . The federal court struck down this aspect of Georgia 's law , known as Section 7 , on Monday . "  We are ... convinced that Section 7 presents an obstacle to the execution of the federal statutory scheme and challenges federal supremacy in the realm of immigration , " the court explained as part of its reasoning . Four provisions of Alabama 's law were blocked by the appeals court judges on Monday , while three still stand despite the federal government 's arguments . Faces of hope : Lining up for two more years in the U.S. Authorities in that state can not make it a crime for undocumented immigrants to work or solicit work , as prescribed by the legislation known as HB 56 but denied by Monday 's ruling . Similarly , the appeals court upheld a lower court ruling and knocked down parts of the law that would have made it a crime to hide "  an alien , " to encourage one to live in the state , to transport such a person or agree to a rental agreement . The provision prohibiting companies that employ undocumented workers from taking a state tax deduction for wages  and instituting stiff penalties for those who do n't abide by this law  was also blocked . So , too , was part of the Alabama legislation to characterized the hiring or employment of a illegal immigrant over a U.S. citizen or "  alien authorized to work " in the country as a "  discriminatory practice . " Yet the federal government 's argument in favor of jettisoning other measures were determined "  at this stage  to be  facially invalid " by the appeals court . That includes checking into a person 's citizenship if a driver does show police his or her driver 's license . The court also ruled that Alabama can prevent illegal immigrants from engaging in a "  business transaction "  except for pursuing a marriage license  with a state or municipal government agency , as HB 56 states . Five things to know about big change in policy	A federal appeals court rules on Alabama and Georgia 's immigration laws Judges say police in both states can check citizenship of criminal suspects Parts of law making it a crime for undocumented immigrants to work was blocked
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea announced Friday that it has detained a U.S. citizen who it says entered the secretive country as a tourist in April and broke the law . The news brings the number of Americans believed to be held in the communist nation to three . The North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported that authorities are investigating a man who it said violated the law by acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism . " In a brief English-language article , KCNA gave the American 's name as Jeffrey Edward Fowle , saying he arrived as a tourist on April 29 . It did n't give any other details . Citing unidentified diplomatic sources , the Japanese news agency Kyodo reported that Fowle was part of a tour group and that he was detained in mid-May after allegedly leaving a Bible in a hotel where he had been staying . The U.S. State Department said it was "  aware of reports that a third U.S. citizen was detained in North Korea . " But it declined to provide any further information , saying it could n't share details about specific cases without written consent from an individual . "  There is no greater priority for us than the welfare and safety of U.S. citizens abroad , " a State Department official said . North Korea says it has another American in custody Other Americans held North Korea said in late April it was holding a different American man , who it claimed came the country seeking asylum . He tore his tourist visa and shouted that "  he would seek asylum " and "  came to the DPRK  North Korea  after choosing it as a shelter , " KCNA said . KCNA identified that man as Miller Matthew Todd , who it says was taken into custody on April 10 . The U.S. State Department said at the time that it was aware of the report and had been in touch with Sweden , which represents American interests in North Korea , about the matter . It declined to disclose any further information . North Korea is also holding Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American missionary who was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in 2013 by a court that said he had carried out acts aimed at bringing down the regime of leader Kim Jong Un . Although North Korea contains a number of state-controlled churches , the totalitarian regime forbids independent religious activities , viewing them as potential threats to its authority . Other Americans detained in the North have later been released . Last year , Pyongyang freed Merrill Newman , an 85-year-old veteran of the Korean War who was on an organized private tour in the country , after holding him for several weeks . Kenneth Bae worried about his health in North Korean camp Accused of spying and setting up church , South Korean sentenced in North Korea CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Gabe LaMonica contributed to this report .	NEW : The man 's name is Jeffrey Edward Fowle , North Korean state media say The U.S. State Department says it is aware of the reported detention North Korea accuses Fowle of acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism " A Japanese news agency reports that he left a Bible in a hotel
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- An agreement aimed at ending violence and bloodshed that has erupted in Bolivian provinces has been reached between President Evo Morales and provincial governors , officials announced Tuesday . Leopoldo Fernandez Ferreira , governor of Pando province , talks to reporters a day before his arrest . The announcement on Bolivian television came just hours after the military arrested the governor of one of five provinces where violent clashes have occurred in the past three weeks , saying he had committed genocide in the deaths of 30 peasants . Gov. Leopoldo Fernandez Ferreira of Pando province was picked up at his office in Cobija and placed on a military plane for La Paz , the Bolivian capital . He did not resist . Groups in Pando and four other Bolivian provinces , backed by the local governors , have demanded greater autonomy and clashed with supporters of the federal government . Federal authorities say the 30 people who were killed Friday were federal supporters . Bolivian President Evo Morales said the arrest was legal and constitutional . "  This arrest is within the framework of the state where it happened , within the constitutional framework and no one can oppose it , " Morales said at a news conference at the presidential palace . Officials said more arrests are possible . "  We will work day and night to avoid any more deaths or terrorist acts , " presidential minister Juan Ramon Quintana said in another news conference . "  We will do everything we can to arrest those who have committed terrorist acts . " As news of Fernandez 's arrest spread across the country , many citizens talked about who else could be on the government 's "  black list , " as they were calling it . Besides demanding greater autonomy , opposition leaders in the five provinces want the cancellation of a constitutional referendum that would give the president more power . The opposition also is angry over tax money that Morales is diverting from the provinces to fund programs for the elderly . Learn more about the Republic of Bolivia " Morales has said the opposition leaders are trying to overthrow the government . "  This is a coup in the past few days by the leaders of some provinces , with the takeover of some institutions , the sacking and robbery of some government institutions and attempts to assault the national police and the armed forces , " Morales previously said . Opposition leaders say they merely want their demands met . On Tuesday , they warned that Fernandez 's arrest could destroy a shaky truce with the government . The arrest came hours after Morales returned Monday night from a quick trip to Chile , where presidents of the 12-nation Union of South American Countries met to discuss the Bolivian crisis . Watch leaders meet to discuss Bolivia " Confronting its first crisis , the four-month-old UNASUR voted to create a commission to support Morales ' democratically elected government , said Chile 's president , Michelle Bachelet . She read a nine-point statement on Chilean TV that calls for the support of human rights and democracy and the preservation of Bolivia 's territorial integrity . The statement condemns any attempts to overthrow the government . It also said the new commission will investigate the peasants ' deaths . UNASUR is modeled on the European Union and aims to politically and economically integrate South American countries . On Tuesday , the United States announced it is organizing emergency evacuation flights for Americans in Bolivia and urged them to leave if the situation permits . A statement from the U.S. Embassy in La Paz said U.S. citizens need to sign an agreement to pay later for the cost of the flight . The embassy said some commercial flights are still available , although American Airlines suspended some flights until Sunday . The United States also continued to urge Americans to delay traveling to Bolivia . Morales expelled the U.S. ambassador last week , accusing the American government of inciting the violence . The expelled ambassador , Philip Goldberg , called the charges "  false and baseless " and said Bolivia was making a "  grave mistake . " On Monday , the Peace Corps temporarily suspended operations in Bolivia because of "  growing instability " there . All Peace Corps volunteers in the country have been moved to Peru . "  Our first priority is the safety and security of our volunteers , " Peace Corps Director Ron Tschetter said in a written statement . Protests started 21 days ago in Pando , Beni , Santa Cruz , Tarija and Chuquisaca provinces . The opposition groups have blockaded major roads and threaten to disrupt the nation 's natural gas shipments , particularly to Brazil and Argentina . Anti-government protesters also have clashed with police and taken over offices and buildings in the five provinces . Much of the violence has taken place in Pando , where Morales declared martial law Friday . Morales , Bolivia 's first indigenous president , was elected in December 2005 .	NEW : Deal aimed at ending weeks of violence Bolivian military accuses governor of genocide 30 peasants killed Friday in clashes in Pando province U.S. urges its citizens to leave Bolivia , announces emergency evacuation flights
CNN  ISIS ' recent video showing a child shooting a man whom the extremist group claimed was an Israeli spy is the latest example of how the militants exploit children in their propaganda . As ISIS encourages foreign fighters to bring their families into the parts of Syria and Iraq where it imposes its brutal rule , the catalog of children taking part in shocking acts is grim and growing . The deeply disturbing cases shine a light into the range of ways the militants are using children to further their aims . In August , an Australian man who had taken his young family to join ISIS in Syria posted a photo on Twitter of his 7-year-old son using both hands to hold up a man 's severed head . "  That 's my boy , " the father wrote alongside the photo , which was reportedly taken in ISIS ' Syrian stronghold of Raqqa . In a video the jihadist group released in January , a boy with long hair wearing a black sweater and military fatigue pants appears to shoot two men in the back of the head . The boy then stands over one of the bodies , fires two more times , and later raises his pistol in the air . Last month , when ISIS publicized its immolation of the captive Jordanian fighter pilot Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , one of its videos showed a young boy watching a public screening of the killing in Raqqa and saying that he would "  burn the pilot " himself if he had the chance . Those examples reflect a broader effort to induct children into ISIS ' campaign of violence . ISIS has also promoted videos of young boys training as fighters , some of them wearing the militants ' black masks , holding bullets and waving the group 's flags . The jihadist movement has called the boys the "  cubs of the caliphate , " a reference to the way ISIS fighters refer to one another as "  lions . " It has taken over schools with the purpose of indoctrinating children . Human Rights Watch has said that ISIS and other extremist groups "  have specifically recruited children through free schooling campaigns that include weapons training and have given them dangerous tasks , including suicide bombing missions . " The United Nations has said there are confirmed reports of children as young as 12 undergoing military training . One 15-year-old boy told CNN in November how he was regularly strapped into an explosive vest and handed a pistol , an AK-47 and a radio to stand guard at an ISIS base in Syria . Another boy told CNN last year that ISIS forced his father to send him to one of its children 's camps in northern Syria when he was just 13 . "  For 30 days we woke up and jogged , had breakfast , then learned the Quran and the Hadith of the Prophet . Then we took courses on weapons , Kalashnikovs and other light military stuff , " said the boy , who later fled to Turkey with his family . Some of the militants at the camp were kind , joking and laughing with the younger recruits , he recalled . Others made the boys watch hideous things . "  They used to bring young -LSB- kids -RSB- to the camp to lash them , " said the boy , whose real name was withheld because of fears for his safety . "  When we go to the mosque , they order us to come the next day at a specific time and place to -LSB- watch -RSB- heads cut off , lashings or stonings . " "  We saw a young man who did not fast for Ramadan , so they crucified him for three days , and we saw a woman being stoned -LSB- to death -RSB- because she committed adultery , " he said . Syrian activists say that some of the boys indoctrinated and trained at such camps are now being killed on the front lines of battle . CNN is unable to independently verify those claims . The militant group , also known as ISIL and the Islamic State , is aggressively using social media to try to lure more young people to join its ranks . The decision of three British teenage girls to travel to Syria last month was a stark example of ISIS ' ability to attract young Westerners . Another young British woman who left Scotland to join ISIS in 2013 now appears to write a blog about her life under the extremists ' rule , describing perks and offering reassurances to those who might follow in her footsteps . Western officials , though , say that ISIS is pushing a false narrative of what things are really like in its territory . But officials also admit they 're struggling to counter the relentless wave of propaganda churned out on social media by ISIS members and supporters . "  There 's no question what we 're combating with ISIL 's propaganda machine is something we have not seen before , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told CNN last month .	Children are regularly featured in grisly ISIS propaganda Boys have told CNN of their military training by the jihadist group
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Basketball great Charles Barkley began serving a three-day sentence in Arizona 's infamous Tent City on Saturday , jailed by the same sheriff whose autobiography he endorsed 12 years ago . Charles Barkley bristled at the implication he should be wearing stripes instead of a red-and-bue sweatsuit . "  You come here when you screw up , " Barkley said at a news conference hours after he reported at the Maricopa County jail . "  I do n't blame anybody for this situation but myself . " Barkley , 45 , pleaded guilty last month to misdemeanor drunken-driving charges stemming from a New Year 's Eve arrest after he left a Scottsdale , Arizona , nightclub . A judge sentenced him to 10 days in jail , but his sentence was reduced in exchange for Barkley 's attending an alcohol-awareness course . At the news conference , Barkley sat next to Sheriff Joe Arpaio , the self-proclaimed "  Toughest Sheriff in America . " Arpaio is known for giving inmates old-fashioned , black-and-white-striped uniforms , making some of them live in tents and reinstituting chain gangs , even for women . "  I 'm an equal incarcerator , " Arpaio said of Barkley , who will be sleeping in one of the tents . "  We do n't discriminate . " He said Barkley has been "  a gentleman , cordial . " "  He 's taking his medicine , " Arpaio said . "  I hope that something comes out of this . " In a free-wheeling news conference , Barkley spoke out against drunken driving , made some observations about President Obama  "  Rush Limbaugh and a lot of jackasses are giving him a hard time right now "  and commented on felony charges singer Chris Brown faces for allegedly beating his girlfriend , singer Rhianna . Watch Barkley speak at news conference " "  I wish both of them the best , but it 's never acceptable to hit a woman . Period , " Barkley said . Barkley wore a red-and-blue sweatsuit , not the black-and-white stripes that other inmates -- who watched the news conference through a chain-link fence -- were wearing . Barkley said it 's because he 's on the jail 's work-release program , and bristled at questions about it . "  None of the work-release people do that , " he said . "  But if y' all really , really want to put me as low as I can go , I can do that and make you feel better . "  I know when -LSB- someone is -RSB- famous , you like to see people humiliated . " Arpaio , who joked with Barkley over the pink underwear he routinely issues inmates , held up a copy of his 1996 book , "  America 's Toughest Sheriff . " On its back cover , alongside endorsements by Limbaugh , Arizona Sen. John McCain and others , is one from Barkley . "  This man , Sheriff Joe Arpaio , is a role model for all Americans , " Barkley wrote in the blurb . Barkley is a basketball commentator for TNT , which like CNN is a Time Warner company . A star for the Philadelphia 76ers and Phoenix Suns , Barkley was named the NBA 's Most Valuable Player in 1993 and inducted into its Hall of Fame in 2006 .	Charles Barkley begins serving 3-day jail sentence in Maricopa County , Arizona The jailer is the sheriff whose autobiography Barkley endorsed 12 years ago Barkley speaks out against drunken driving during topically diverse news conference "  He 's taking his medicine , " Sheriff Joe Arpaio says of his famous inmate
CNN  -- Artillery shells slammed into a hospital Sunday in the northern Sri Lankan district of Mullaittivu , where civilians -- including a growing number of children -- are being treated as government forces and Tamil rebels continue to clash . A Sri Lankan soldier walks through Mullaittivu , the former military headquarters of the Tamil rebels . More than 200 civilians and at least 30 children have been injured in the last three days of fighting , a relief worker told CNN Sunday . "  That is the absolute minimum  number of injured  , " the aid worker , who did not want to be identified for fear of jeopardizing the work of relief organizations , said . Government officials are accusing aid organizations and foreign media of sensationalizing civilian casualties . "  It looks as if it 's convenient for certain agencies to exaggerate the numbers so that this can be converted to a humanitarian crisis in the public eye , " Secretary of Foreign Affairs Dr. Palitha Kohona told CNN . On Sunday , Sri Lankan Defense Secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa promised to "  continue with the military offensive until we liberate the remaining area under LTTE  the rebel group  control , " according to Sri Lanka 's state-run news agency . Watch a report on civilians caught in fighting " A "  handful " of United Nations staff are working around the clock to save a growing number of children caught in the crossfire , a U.N. spokesman said Saturday . Children as young as 4 months old were being treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other "  wounds of war , " spokesman James Elder told CNN . "  There is just intense fighting in a small area where children and other civilians are , " Elder said . "  The space  where conflict is taking place  is shrinking and the fighting is augmenting . " Thursday , U.N. aid workers rescued 50 critically injured children and 105 adults , he said . "  We are trying to get as many people out of there as we can , " Elder said . Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the Tamil Tigers to promise the same . "  We have declared a safe zone for civilians , the coordinates of which were announced by the security forces , " Rajapaksa said on his government 's Web site . "  It is unfortunate that the  Tamil Tiger group  is exploiting this declared safe zone for civilians by placing their heavy artillery within the safe zone and using it as a launching pad to attack security forces and indiscriminately kill civilians . " The fighting has created a "  nightmarish " situation for civilians in the conflict zone , Elder said . An emerging shortage of humanitarian supplies and diminished access to clean water , sanitation , and food are compounding a crisis , he said . Sunday , Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold in a surprise attack deep in Tamil held territory . Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . The The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .	Sri Lankan hospital hit by artillery shells Children young as 4 months treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries Aid workers rescue 50 critically injured children and 105 adults Sri Lankan President has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians
CNN  -- In April 2007 , UEFA 's executive committee voted to accept a joint proposal from Poland and Ukraine to host the European football Championships in 2012 . Poland faces a struggle to upgrade many of its venues , such as Tenth Anniversary stadium in Warsaw . The decision to award the tournament to Poland -- a former communist country -- and Ukraine -- a former Soviet Republic -- was viewed with surprise by many in the world of sport as they had defeated a rival bid from established football powerhouse Italy . In addition to providing economic benefits -- hosting Euro 2008 was worth over $ 450 million to the Austrian economy according to its government -- staging such a high-profile international event would cap their remarkable transformation into credible democracies in the eyes of the world . However , both countries have had to address a number of problems . Watch more about Poland 's bid " Political instability remains an issue in Ukraine -- the fragile ruling coalition recently collapsed -- while Poland 's national team narrowly avoided a suspension after football 's world ruling body FIFA said its federation had done little to stamp out corruption . A match-fixing scandal in the domestic league in 2005 led to about 70 people being arrested , though no one has been prosecuted . Significantly , neither country has hosted a major sporting event and concerns remain about the shortage of adequate stadiums , high-quality hotels and poor transport infrastructure in both Poland and Ukraine . With the proposed semi-final venues in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk and the Polish capital Warsaw , fans would currently be faced with a 30-hour train journey to attend both games . Although there are plans to expand and improve the highway linking the nations . The opening match is scheduled to be staged at a new 70,000-capacity National Stadium in Warsaw when construction work is completed in 2009 at a cost of $ 800 million . The final will be held at Kiev 's redeveloped Olympic Stadium , however all 12 proposed venues need considerable work in order to comply with international standards . The remaining games will be held in the Polish cities of Gdansk , Poznan , Wroclaw , Chorzow and Krakow , as well as the Ukrainian cities of Lviv and Dnipropetrovsk . Concerns about the readiness of the co-hosts led to a warning in June this year from UEFA President Michel Platini that they risked losing the right to stage the tournament if stadiums in their capitals were not ready . This prompted a defiant response from the prime minister of Poland , who vowed to prove the skeptics wrong and make the 2012 European Championship an organizational triumph . "  We are aware that there are countries interested in us failing and the only successful rebuke to that will be better coordination and solidarity in our actions , " Polish premier Donald Tusk told reporters at the time . Bizarrely , the head of Poland 's Football Association , Michal Listkiewicz , offered Uefa an alternative option for 2012 after voicing his concerns about Poland 's ability to overcome its transport issues . "  If the European Championships took place in 2016 , we would have no problems about being ready then , " Listkiewicz told Germany 's Die Zeit Online . "  But realistically we are looking at having no good roads in time for 2012 , " he said . "  From Gdansk  in Poland  to Donetsk  in the Ukraine  is more than 1,500 kilometers  930 miles  . This is not like in Austria and Switzerland where everything lies close together . " Both countries were given a partial reprieve in September this year after UEFA 's executive committee met in Bordeaux to discuss a progress report on preparations for the tournament . "  The executive committee reconfirmed UEFA 's commitment to organize Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine , " Platini told uefa.com . "  At the same time , the committee stressed a number of conditions must be met in order to bring forward the whole project . " "  If we do n't have the stadiums in Kiev and Warsaw , that 's a problem . Ukraine ca n't afford to send everyone to a country where there is no capital city  ready  , " Platini said . "  They are working very hard and we have confidence in them . The president and the prime minister tell me it will be ready . What am I supposed to say ? That I do n't believe them ? " He added that the committee would review the progress again in May 2009 . UEFA will then confirm the cities that will host matches . Meanwhile , the Scottish FA has offered to step in to host the tournament if UEFA decides to look elsewhere . Failure to host Euro 2012 is not an option in both Kiev and Warsaw . It would be viewed as a national embarrassment .	Doubts persist about Poland and Ukraine 's ability to stage tournament in 2012 Polish FA fighting corruption claims within its domestic league Other issues include inadequate stadiums and a poor transport infrastructure UEFA warned both countries to speed up its progress
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's financial regulator said Wednesday it has banned an oil trader after he made huge trades while drunk last year , causing global prices of Brent crude to jump to abnormally high levels . Steven Noel Perkins , a former oil futures broker in the London office of PVM Oil Futures , was also fined # 72,000  $ 108,400  for market abuse , the Financial Services Authority  FSA  said . He is now banned from working in the financial services industry on the grounds that he is "  not a fit and proper person , " the FSA said . Perkins ' job was to trade orders on an execution-only basis in Brent crude futures contracts on the ICE Futures Europe  ICE  exchange for his firm 's clients , the FSA said . Early in the morning of Tuesday , June 30 , 2009 , Perkins traded on the ICE without any client authorization . He traded an extremely high volume and thus accumulated a long outright position on Brent . The price of Brent increased significantly as a direct result of his trades , the FSA said . His trading pushed the price up to $ 73.50 a barrel , the highest level it had hit so far that year , according to Reuters . The FSA said the trading seems to have been a result of "  extremely heavy drinking " resulting from Perkins ' alcoholism , which he now acknowledges . He had drunk "  excessively " over the weekend of June 27-28 and throughout the following Monday before making the trades , the FSA said . "  The FSA views market manipulation extremely seriously , " said Alexander Justham , director of markets at the FSA . "  Perkins ' trading caused disruption to the market and has been met with both a fine and prohibition . This reinforces the fact that a severe sanction will apply in cases of market manipulation , even where no profit is made . "  Perkins ' drunkenness does not excuse his market abuse . Perkins has been banned because he is not a fit and proper person to be involved in regulated activities and his behavior posed a risk to the proper functioning of the market . " In sanctioning Perkins , the FSA said it also took into account the fact that Perkins initially lied repeatedly to his employer to try to cover up his unauthorized trading . Perkins joined a rehabilitation program for alcoholics immediately after the incident and has now stopped drinking , the FSA said . "  The FSA considers that it is possible that Perkins may be rehabilitated over time and may be fit and proper again in the future , " it said in a statement . "  The ban has therefore been limited to a minimum term of 5 years . " The penalty for Perkins ' behavior merits a fine of # 150,000  $ 225,900  , but the FSA said it reduced that to # 90,000  $ 135,500  because the higher figure would cause him serious financial hardship . Because Perkins agreed to settle the case , the fine was reduced by a further 20 percent , the FSA said .	Steven Noel Perkins traded Brent crude futures contracts without client authorization His trading pushed the price up to $ 73.50 a barrel -- the highest this year The FSA said the trading seems to have been a result of "  extremely heavy drinking " Perkins was also fined # 72,000  $ 108,400  for market abuse
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five people connected to an Afghan presidential candidate have been released after being kidnapped the day before , an official with the candidate said . Five of Dr Abdullah Abdullah 's campaign workers were kidnapped and later released . The group of five , who worked for Dr. Abdullah Abdullah , were in a two-car caravan in northwestern Afghanistan on Wednesday when they were abducted , said Sayed Ahmad Samey , the security chief of Badghis province . Elders negotiated for their release , Samey said . The workers have now been freed and are in a good condition , according to Sami Panah of Abdullah 's campaign office . Abdullah is a former Foreign Minister who is seeking to unseat incumbent President Hamid Karzai in the August 20 election . This is not the first time that Abdullah 's supporters have been targeted . One of the presidential hopeful 's campaign workers was wounded by an unknown gunman in late July . A month earlier , gunmen in the province of Kapisa killed another of Abdullah 's campaign managers in a midnight attack . Hundreds of U.S. Marines and Afghan soldiers have headed to southern Afghanistan to secure polling stations and protect citizens during the elections . It will be the nation 's second presidential election since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 .	Afghan election campaign workers released after 24 hour kidnap The group of five were working for presidential candidate Dr. Abdullah Abdullah Abdullah seeking to unseat incumbent President Hamid Karzai on August 20
LOS ANGELES , California  Reuters  -- Paul Stanley , a singer and guitarist with rock band Kiss , was forced to pull out of a show in California on Friday after his heart started beating at more than twice the normal level , he said on his Web site . Paul Stanley , pictured here in April , co-founded Kiss with Gene Simmons in New York in 1973 . The apparent tachycardia happened while the band was rehearsing for a performance at a casino in San Jacinto , California , about 90 miles  145 km  east of Los Angeles . "  My heart spontaneously jumped to 190 plus beats per minute , where it stayed for over an hour necessitating paramedics to start an IV and give me a shot to momentarily stop my heart and get it into a normal pattern , " Stanley , 55 , wrote on his site www.paulstanley.com . A normal heart rate at rest is about 60 to 80 beats a minute , according to the American Heart Association . Tachycardia , or rapid heart rate , can cause palpitations , shortness of breath , chest pain , dizziness , lightheadedness , fainting or near fainting , the group said on its Web site www.americanheart.org . Stanley said he was advised performing would be risky , and the show went on without him . Fellow principal Gene Simmons told fans the group would play as a trio , and turned the show into a tribute to his ailing bandmate . A call to Kiss manager Doc McGhee for an update on Stanley 's condition was not immediately returned late on Saturday . Stanley , born Stanley Eisen , and Simmons co-founded Kiss in New York City in 1973 . Adored by fans , despised by critics , the group made a name for itself performing in white face make-up and ghoulish costumes . Hits during its heyday included such anthems of teen rebellion as "  Rock and Roll All Nite " and "  Shout It Out Loud . " Stanley released a solo album last year . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Apparent tachycardia , or rapid heart rate , struck while the band was rehearsing Stanley : "  My heart spontaneously jumped to 190 plus beats per minute " Stanley said he was told performing would be risky ; show went on without him
WIRED  -- Finally , the Windows Phone 7 operating system is starting to catch up . Microsoft 's web-based Windows Phone Marketplace went live Tuesday , years after competitors Apple and Google launched their own . The app store launch is in conjunction with the rollout of Microsoft 's latest iteration of the Windows Phone 7 operating system  Mango  . The version 7.5 update will roll out to existing Windows Phone owners slowly to ensure there are no issues for users , according to the company . Mango adds over 500 tweaks and features to the Windows Phone 7 platform . The Windows Phone Marketplace web portal launches with over 30,000 apps in tow , an admirable enough number  though still far behind its competitors  . Apps are organized into one of 16 categories , and on the main page you can also browse by featured , free , top or new . Games are a separate tab from apps , and they 're organized into one of 14 different categories . On an app or game page , you 've got what you 've come to expect from a web-based app market : the app icon , price , a rating , description , screenshots and reviews . After purchasing an app from the web store , you can choose to receive it on your Windows Phone hardware via e-mail or text message . The update to Mango is free and completely optional , but we got a chance to check it out ahead of time and honestly , there 's little reason not to upgrade . In particular , the OS adds some seriously cool social media integration to your contacts list , which is referred to as the People Hub . It also adds Wi-Fi sharing abilities and a Yelp-like built-in app called Local Scout to the homescreen . If you 're a Samsung Focus , Dell Venue Pro or other Windows Phone 7 owner , you 'll receive an alert delivered OTA to your device when the update is prepped and ready to download . To check the status of your potential update , you can visit the "  Where 's My Update " site , which is available starting today . You do , however , need PC or Mac connector software to install the update , but they 're available for free online  details are available on the Windows Phone Blog  . A number of Windows Phone Mango-specific devices will also be released later this fall . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Microsoft 's web-based Windows Phone Marketplace goes live years after competitors ' Version 7.5 update will roll out to existing Windows Phone owners slowly Portal launches with over 30,000 apps in tow , an admirable enough number
New York  CNN  -- A Broadway actor who fell more than 20 feet during an aerial stunt in the musical "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark , " has been released from a rehabilitation center in New York , a show spokesman said . Christopher Tierney , 31 , was released from New York University 's Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine on Wednesday morning , according to spokesperson Sam Corbett . Tierney was moved into the institute after being discharged from Bellevue Hospital on December 28 . He suffered four broken ribs , a hairline skull fracture , a broken scapula , or shoulder blade ; a bruised lung , three cracked vertebrae and broken bones below his elbow as a result of his fall , his father said . "  He is up , " Tim Tierney said . "  He is walking and just doing very well . " He noted that his son is looking forward to returning to the show . Several of the performances were canceled following the December 20 incident , as new safety measures were put in place following a meeting with officials from the Department of Labor and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration . Tierney said Tuesday that he is looking forward to returning to the show and is not concerned about his own safety . "  I 'm not worried about it , " he said . "  They 've got it well taken care of . " Another actor in the show , Patrick Page , said the new measures have increased communication between actors and safety personnel . The show , with music and lyrics by U2 's Bono and The Edge , is said to be the most expensive in Broadway history . But the behind-the-scenes drama at the $ 65 million production - -- including a series of mishaps resulting in actor injuries -- has continued to raise questions over its safety record .	Christopher Tierney , 31 , has been released from a rehabilitation center in New York Tierney said he is looking forward to returning and is not concerned about his safety The actor suffered several broken bones and a bruised lung in the fall
Wimbledon , London  CNN  -- If Novak Djokovic wants to win a second Wimbledon title , he 'll have to perform better in the final against Roger Federer than in his semifinal Friday . He admitted as much . While seven-time champion Federer eased past big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic 6-4 6-4 6-4 , top-seed Djokovic struggled to overcome much-hyped Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov 6-4 3-6 7-6 7-6 in a nonetheless highly memorable encounter . Not for the quality of tennis , mind you , but for the momentum shifts , some of the unforced errors and the number of slips . On one occasion , Dimitrov and Djokovic took a tumble at almost the same time and faced each other close to the net , much to the crowd 's delight . For the combatants , the court must have felt like a skating rink . Maybe playing in front of Maria Sharapova -- Dimitrov 's girlfriend -- was just too much for the duo . Sharapova is also friends with Djokovic , though her loyalties were n't divided on Center Court . "  At a certain stage of the match I was frustrated because I again allowed my opponent to come back to the match , " Djokovic , referring to his quarterfinal against Marin Cilic , told reporters . "  That 's something that I definitely can not allow myself in the finals against Roger . " The conditions were n't easy . It was windy and hot . But Djokovic was in control , leading by a set and break , and he led by a break in the fourth set before needing to rally from 6-3 down in the tiebreak . Indeed , when it looked like Dimitrov would force a fifth set , the match resembled last year 's Wimbledon semifinal between Djokovic and Juan Martin del Potro . Djokovic also held the advantage in the fourth set then but lost it and was forced into a fifth , which no doubt affected his display in the finale against Andy Murray . The silky smooth Federer had no such problems with his footing , his court positioning further up than Djokovic and Dimitrov . Raonic and Dimitrov , part of the younger guard , played in their first grand slam semifinals . Djokovic hired Boris Becker in the off-season -- the German was one of the best volleyers of his generation -- but the Serb only won 57 % of net points Friday . On a first match point in the fourth-set tiebreak , he failed to put away two volleys , temporarily keeping Dimitrov in the affair . Becker declined an interview request from CNN after the match . Djokovic put in a worrying display  for his fans at least  Wednesday too , taken to five sets by Cilic . He won the first set against Cilic and had a 9-0 record against the Croatian prior to Wimbledon . If this was 2011 , when Djokovic won three majors , he 'd have coasted . "  When Novak is at his best , you think , ` How can anyone beat him ? " asked Wally Masur , an Australian tennis analyst who won three titles during his playing days . "  But hanging on to his best for long periods of time is something that has really kind of eluded him since he had that brilliant year . "  I do n't know why that is . He smoked Cilic in the first set and the next thing you know they 're in a dogfight . " And had it not been for a lucky Djokovic shot in the third set , Dimitrov might have advanced to a maiden grand slam final . Staring at a break point at 3-3 , Djokovic did n't hit his backhand down the line cleanly , but it went over the net and gave the speedy Dimitrov no chance . Dimitrov then imploded in the third-set tiebreak . What significantly helped Djokovic was hitting 17 aces . Dimitrov 's serve , meanwhile , let him down . At 6-6 in the fourth-set tiebreak , he gifted Djokovic a double fault for a second match point . Federer , who improved to 9-0 in Wimbledon semifinals , handled Raonic in as routine a fashion as the score suggested . He broke once in each set and was n't broken himself . Federer leads Djokovic 18-16 head-to-head -- including 2-1 this year -- but the last time they squared off in a grand slam final was at the 2007 US Open . "  We 've played a lot actually in the last six months , " Federer , bidding for a record-extending 18th men 's major , told the BBC . "  It 's gone back and forth . He 's a great champion and has been around now for a long time , so he 's used to these occasions . I hope it 's going to be a good match . " An even more relevant statistic ? Djokovic is 0-5 in his last five grand slam finals outside Australia . "  I do n't want to sound like I 'm not appreciating to play finals of a grand slam , " said Djokovic . "  It 's already a huge result . We can not take that for granted . But I know that I can win the title . "  I should have won a few matches that I lost in the finals of grand slams in the last couple of years . It 's a learning process . "  It 's understanding , identifying where the problem is , pushing for it , working on it . It 's mental in the end of the day . " Masur did n't think Djokovic 's laborious semifinal outing would necessarily carry over to Sunday . "  It 's very hard to transfer what 's occurred today and take it into another match because I really think the conditions were a factor , " Masur told CNN . Djokovic hopes he 's right .	Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer reach Wimbledon final Djokovic defeats Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov Federer overcomes Milos Raonic Djokovic lost to Andy Murray in last year 's final while Federer now goes for 18th grand slam
At the Exploratorium , one does not stand stiffly in front of musty exhibits and read tiny placards . There is no room for boredom or passively observing . The installations at this interactive science museum are hands on -- they require touching , building , playing , experimenting and thinking . And in the Exploratorium 's shiny new space , the experience is just as much for adults as it is for children . On Wednesday , the doors open on the Exploratorium 's first new home in its 44 years , the $ 300 million renovated Pier 15 on the Embarcadero , San Francisco 's eastern stretch of waterfront . It is three times larger than the old museum , the cavernous exhibit hall at San Francisco 's Palace of Fine Arts , which was originally built for the 1915 World 's Fair . The Exploratorium was originally opened in that location in 1969 by physicist Frank Oppenheimer . The new quarters have taken the original spirit and contents of the old Exploratorium and given them a sophisticated makeover . The building has sweeping views of San Francisco Bay , the city skyline and the Bay Bridge 's new nightly light show . Though the Exploratorium costs up to $ 25 to enter , the 330,000-square-foot museum is rimmed with free public space : a wind sculpture , a giant sundial and wooden pylons in the water that track the tides and colors of the bay . A bridge next to the pier doubles as an art installation , enveloping the area in a thick artificial fog once an hour . Inside , 600 exhibits fill the bright space , about 400 of which made the move from the old location . Some old favorites are dusted off and given new life , like a wonderful giant concave mirror that plays tricks on the eyes and the ears . A brand new exhibit that 's bound to be a hit lets you recreate past rainstorms , down to the size and speed of the raindrops . The installations dabble in every scientific discipline , including electricity , sensory perception , weather , light , astronomy and sociology . They employ everything from magnets , pendulums and electricity to dancing , awkward social interactions , algae and a cow eyeball . There are artificial tornadoes in glass tubes , a creepy video art installation , a cooperative Pac-Man game , and a place to send text messages to fish . The exhibits stimulate the brain without requiring any right or wrong answer , happy to leave the lessons open to interpretation . "  The Exploratorium is really a laboratory , " said senior scientist Ron Hipschman , who has been with the Exploratorium for 41 years . "  We 're not making objects . We 're making activities ; we 're doing . " The culture of the Exploratorium has long been intertwined with the Maker Faire , the Bay Area festival that celebrates do-it-yourself projects . And its new shop , tinkering space and learning space expand on that maker spirit . The area where exhibits are tested and built with an impressive collection of large machinery is situated at the heart of the museum , now completely open so anyone can watch and chat up the staff and students at work . Tinkering and learning spaces invites visitors to build their own creations , such as animations or elaborate paths for marbles , while teenage employees in orange vests circulate around the floor to offer guidance . The best new additions focus on the Bay Area 's history and ecology . A new glass observatory at the end of the pier has killer views and exhibits specific to the location , such as tactile displays explaining the tides and the bay 's unique weather systems . Even the building itself is a giant science experiment . There are sensors all around , in the nearby water and on the roof , that collect scientific data such as the amount of dissolved carbon dioxide in the bay . This is gathered to track ocean acidification and shared with schools and scientific institutions . All the data will also be available for free on the Exploratorium 's website . Furthermore , the Exploratorium aspires to make the pier a net zero building , meaning it will eventually generate as much energy as it uses . It has 6,000 solar panels on the roof that can generate 1.3 megawatts of power , and it uses seawater from the bay to cool and heat the building . The staff is still getting acquainted with the new space and discovering the best ways to manage power , such as identifying the most efficient times to open and close the window shades . One early discovery : It 's cheaper and easier to pump in the seawater during high tide . Education remains a major focus of the Exploratorium , which hosts webcasts , builds apps , trains science teachers and sells exhibits to other museums around the world . At the front of the building , a new forum will host music events , movie nights and science lectures . When the doors open on Wednesday morning , crowds of fans will find that the unique atmosphere , which people loved about the original Exploratorium , made the move intact .	San Francisco 's Exploratorium reopens Wednesday in a $ 300 million new home The interactive science museum , on the city 's Pier 15 , has 600 exhibits The museum has a grownup feel that makes it as much fun for adults as for kids Even the building itself is a giant science experiment , with sensors all around
Mount Ontake , Japan  CNN  -- At least 31 people are presumed dead after rescuers found them showing no signs of life Sunday near the summit of a Japanese volcano that started erupting a day earlier . Police said the people were in a state of "  cardiac arrest , " meaning that they were discovered without a pulse and were n't breathing but had n't been declared dead by a doctor . A coroner confirmed the first four deaths Sunday . Rescue teams had begun searching Sunday for dozens of climbers who were caught by the sudden eruption of Mount Ontake . The volcano in central Japan unleashed a huge cloud of ash late Saturday morning that billowed down the mountainside and engulfed hikers in its path . Witnesses described hearing a sound like thunder when the eruption began . The exact number of people unaccounted for was unclear , as officials were uncertain how many had already made it off the mountain . Desperate relatives Relatives of the missing gathered near Mount Ontake on Sunday desperately seeking information . Among them was Kiyokazu Tokoro from nearby Aichi prefecture , whose son , Yuki , was hiking on the volcano with his girlfriend . He said he knew they were near the summit at the time of the eruption because his son 's girlfriend had sent a photo to a friend minutes beforehand . "  All I can do is beg for your help to get information , " he told CNN . "  Please help us . " Authorities estimated there were 200 to 250 hikers in the area at the time of the eruption . Most of them were reported to have managed to make the long trek down the mountain . But some people remained trapped in several lodges on Mount Ontake , and others were missing altogether , local authorities said . More than 350 rescue workers -- a mix of police , firefighters and military personnel -- began climbing two separate routes up the mountain on Sunday morning , authorities in the nearby village of Otaki said . Alert level raised Aside from those in cardiac arrest , more than 25 people were reported to have been injured , 10 of them seriously , according to the government of Nagano prefecture , where the volcano is situated . Helicopters ferried some injured people off the mountainside . Among the climbers trapped in the cottages , at least 11 were injured , officials in Otaki said . They said they had observed 17-20 inches  40-50 centimeters  of volcanic ash covering the ground in some areas . The Japan Meteorological Agency has raised the Volcanic Alert Level for Ontake from 1 to 3 . That means the public is advised to not approach the volcano , the summit of which is at an altitude of 10,060 feet  3,067 meters  . The agency warned that another large eruption could take place in the next six days or so . Small continuous eruptions continued Sunday . The volcano 's plume of smoke and ash was reported to have disrupted air travel in Japan , causing delays at several airports . Popular destination Mount Ontake , the second tallest volcano in Japan , after Mount Fuji , is a popular destination for hikers , especially in the fall when the foliage 's rich autumn colors are on display . About 250 people living near the mountain have decided to remain in their homes , police said . The last major eruption of Mount Ontake , which is about 125 miles  200 kilometers  west of Tokyo , took place in 1979 , according to the Global Volcanism Program at the Smithsonian Institute . That eruption lasted months , spewing out more than 200,000 tons of ash , the Japanese news agency Kyodo reported . Smaller scale activity was reported in 1984 , 1991 and 2007 . CNN 's Will Ripley reported from Mount Ontake , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Please help us , " says a father seeking information on his missing son At least 31 people are found on the mountain in a state of "  cardiac arrest , " police say Seismologists warn that another big eruption could take place in the coming days Mount Ontake began erupting Saturday , unleashing a cloud of ash that engulfed hikers
CNN  -- In the history of organized athletics , there has never been a person who needs to come back again less than Michael Phelps . Yes , you have read that correctly . I am urging the greatest swimmer in all of sports to keep his word , forget about Rio in 2016 and retire . To go away . To vanish . To ignore his mother and his sisters and Matt Lauer and Mark Spitz and Rowdy Gaines and to once and for all hang up his goggles and Speedos . Go . Scram . Buzz off . Because athletics enthusiasts are a peculiar people  aka : crazy  , we always beg our heroes to stick around longer than they should . It 's the reason a portly , 40-year-old Ken Griffey Jr. hit .184 in Seattle in 2010 and the reason Bjorn Borg stepped back onto the tennis court in 1991  wood racket in hand  -- only to win nary a single match . It 's the reason our final snapshot of Sugar Ray Leonard is an embarrassing stoppage against Hector Camacho and the reason Jim Palmer arrived at spring training with Baltimore in 1991 throwing big , fat , Little League meatballs . Why , it 's even the reason a 41-year-old Spitz , Phelps ' predecessor as our own personal Aquaman , jumped back into the pool to qualify for the 1992 Games in Barcelona . He , of course , failed -- by a whopping two seconds . News : Olympic legend Phelps : ` I 'm done with swimming ' We convince these men and women that they can still do it , that it 's worth one more shot , that age is just a number , that legend is a gift of the gods , and to not use it is shameful .  Gaines , the former Olympic swimmer who now works as an NBC commentator , recently said he believes Phelps will likely come back because "  he 'll be able to walk through airports in a couple years and not be mobbed . He 'll miss that . " There is a word for this line of thinking : sad . Then , predictably , when they fall short , we bemoan that the effort was ever made . We offer comments such as , "  Boy , that was pathetic " and "  He should have stayed retired " -- forgetting that we were the ones pining for the return . Again , sports fan are crazy . Yet the inevitable disappointment of a then-31-year-old Phelps underperforming in Rio  and , for the record , 31 in swimming is 40 in real life  is n't the No. 1 reason he should stay away . No , Phelps needs to remain retired because , quite frankly , life in a pool sucks . OK , not for a week , while vacationing in Orlando . But imagine being Phelps . You wake up at 5 a.m. , spend four hours in a pool , go home , sleep  in your Michael Jackson-esque oxygen tank  , return to the pool for another two hours , eat  a disgustingly healthy and bland  dinner , go to bed , then repeat the following day . And the day after that . And the day after that . And the day after that . And ... For , hell , 1Â 1/2 decades , Phelps ' existence has revolved around the insidious smell of chlorine . When he talks , one can hear -- very clearly -- his weariness over the whole endeavor . "  These Olympics have been great , but . ... " But Phelps needs a life . If I 'm Debbie , Michael 's mother , I cease with all the Rio jabber  really , the woman needs to stop  and say the following : "  Son , I 'm proud of you . You 've done amazing things . But you 're 27 , and life is short . You 've made lots of money in endorsements . Use some of it . Here 's a backpack , a Fodor 's and a one-way ticket to Prague . Go see the world . Eat anything you want . Sleep in hostels , drink lots of beers , hit up Amsterdam and Barcelona and Geelong and Venice and Wolverhampton and Valletta . Tell the ladies you 're Michael Phelps if it helps , or just pull your cap down low and call yourself Biff Stevens . Just make sure and live ! " When we watch the Olympics on TV , and the uplifting music is piped in and the anthems are played and tears stream down the cheeks of winners , we are witnessing a sliver of time -- a singular moment that encompasses 1/1 ,000,000,000 th of an athlete 's existence . It is romantic and lovely ; Bev Oden the former Olympic volleyball star , calls the experience , "  the height of euphoria . " But that euphoria , like all things , passes , and at day 's end many athletes are left wondering not whether they should have stayed on longer , but whether , in missing senior proms and romantic summer nights and family vacations , they surrendered too much . After three Olympic Games and 22 medals , it is time for Phelps to stop surrendering . It is time to live . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : Michael Phelps should stick to his plan , forget Rio in 2016 and retire He says sports history is lousy with icons who did n't quit when they should have and fell short He says main reason to ignore advice to keep competing is that Phelps should begin to live life Pearlman : Olympics is great moment in time , but it ca n't last
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Artyem Saveliev turns eight years old this week . His birthday will be anything but normal . Last Thursday his American adoptive family put him on a solo , trans-Atlantic flight from the United States to Moscow . They hired a Russian driver to deliver the boy from the airport to the Russian Ministry of Education . Russian officials allowed CNN to see a copy of a letter addressed to the Ministry of Education and signed by Artyem 's adoptive mother , Torry Hansen , which the little boy carried when he arrived . "  To Whom It May Concern , " the letter reads , "  This child is mentally unstable . He is violent and has severe psychopathic issues/behaviors . I was lied to and misled by the Russian Orphanage workers and director regarding his mental stability ... After giving my best to this child , I am sorry to say that for the safety of my family , friends and myself , I no longer wish to parent this child . As he is a Russian National , I am returning him to your guardianship and would like the adoption disannulled -LSB- sic -RSB- . " Russian officials are fuming at these accusations . "  How can you imagine that a 7-year-old boy can be -LSB- a -RSB- menace or danger for the family ? For the adult people ? " said Pavel Astakhov , Russia 's Child Rights Ombudsmen . " -LSB- Artyem -RSB- is in very good mental and physical condition , " Astakhov said . "  He 's a very nice boy . He 's funny . And he 's very communicative . " Astakhov met with Artyem several times since he arrived in Moscow , as have officials from the U.S. Embassy . "  When we saw him , he looked like a very tired little boy off a long trans-Atlantic flight , " said John Beyrle , the U.S. ambassador in Moscow . The case of Artyem comes after the Russian media focused intense attention on several previous cases in recent years of abuse involving adopted Russian children in the United States . Not surprisingly , some Russians are calling for an end to the practice of foreign adoption . "  I am against the idea of sending our children abroad , " said a woman , who gave her name only as Alexandra , as she watched her grandchildren play on a sunny day in a Moscow park . Russian officials have made public appeals for a temporary freeze of American adoption of Russian children until a proposed bilateral treaty has been signed to allow monitoring of children after they are brought to the United States . "  We do n't have any instrument or tools to control our children which are living in adoptive families , " said Astakhov . "  In this situation we have a kind of legal vacuum ... we have to freeze all activity in the adoptive process for the United States of America . " Those are ominous words for thousands of desperate American families who end up waiting years and spending tens of thousands of dollars trying to adopt Russian children . According to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , more then 50,000 Russian children have been adopted by American families in the last 16 years . The U.S. State Department offered to send a delegation of diplomats to Moscow later this month to address the adoption issue . "  The Russian government has now told us informally that that 's acceptable . We 're actually working out the dates , " said Beyrle . "  So I would say to American families that are in the process of adoption not to worry too much . We 're working on this , and we really do n't think that this will have any long-term effect on the ability of American families to adopt here . " Russia has no shortage of orphans . The United Nations Children Fund reported that in 2008 , some 714,000 Russian children were living in state institutions . Unlike many Western societies , the vast majority -- 83 percent of these children -- are "  social orphans " taken from biological parents who were deemed unfit by Russian state agencies , said Bertram Beinvel , UNICEF 's representative in Moscow . "  What is important to draw out of this -LSB- Artyem 's -RSB- case is to conduct a thorough analysis on the adoption of the child , then to -LSB- learn -RSB- what happened when he was put back on the plane , " Beinvel said . He also called for a bilateral treaty to prevent future cases of abuse from occurring . Both U.S. and Russian officials predicted it might take a matter of months to hammer out this proposed agreement . But that offers little consolation to Artyem Saveliev , who has now lost two families before reaching the age of 8 . "  He lost his native family , his mother . And he lost his adoptive family , Torry Hansen , " said Astakhov . "  Now the best way is to place him in a new family which can give him attention and love . " But Astakhov made it clear any new family for Artyem would be a Russian one .	Russian officials allowed CNN to see a copy of a letter sent to Russia with 7-year-old Artyem Official "  How can you imagine that a 7-year-old boy can be -LSB- a -RSB- menace or a danger ... ? " Sentiment shared now by many Russians : "  I am against the idea of sending our children abroad " Russian media have focused on several previous cases of abused adoptees in U.S.
CNN  -- The National Hockey League and the NHL Players ' Association struck a tentative agreement early Sunday that may end a three-month lockout of unionized players , league and union officials announced . NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said the "  basic framework " of a deal had been agreed upon after a 16-hour negotiating session at a Manhattan hotel . The details must be approved by both the players and the league 's governing board , Bettman told reporters in a predawn news conference , and he said it was too early to provide details about what it might mean for a shortened hockey season . But players ' union chief Donald Fehr said he expected those steps to follow "  fairly rapidly and with some dispatch . " Breaking down the new deal "  Hopefully , within a very few days , the fans can get back to watching people who are skating and not the two of us , " Fehr said . Sunday 's deal could salvage the second half of the season and the Stanley Cup playoffs . The NHL scrapped its preseason and all games through the end of 2012 after its contract with the players expired on September 15 , with no agreement between the two sides . There were 526 games , nearly 43 % of the season , scheduled from the start of the regular season on October 11 through December 30 , the NHL said . A similar labor dispute canceled the entire 2004-05 NHL season . Bettman has said any abbreviated regular season should probably have a minimum of 48 games per team . Some players had a "  crucial role in the final stages " of reaching the agreement , the union said . "  Players in the room early Sunday for the announcement were : Craig Adams , Chris Campoli , Mathieu Darche , Shane Doan , Andrew Ference , Ron Hainsey , Jamal Mayers and George Parros , " the players association said . Sports Illustrated has tracked the intricacies of the talks and flashpoint issues , and argued that the NHL is "  in dire need " of a new way of handling labor relations . Initial reactions shared with CNN on social media were mixed . "  They waited too long . I think they 're gon na take a well-deserved hit from hockey fans , " HBobbie McLeod wrote on Facebook . But some fans expressed excitement . "  Now time to see the LAKings raise their banner ! #Finally , " wrote Lisa , a self-described former hockey fan , on Twitter . But , she added , "  after being a fan for 23 years through 4 lockouts , enough is enough . " What do you think ? Post comments below or weigh in at Facebook or Twitter .	NEW : Games could resume "  hopefully , within a few days , " Fehr says Fans react with a mix of frustration and excitement The two sides reach an agreement after a marathon negotiating session If approved , the agreement would end a three-month lockout
A vehicle explodes . Two trucks full of armed men race closer to the resulting crater at the Karm el-Kawadees army camp in North Sinai . The black-clad militants chase the survivors , killing all the soldiers . All of it is captured on video . At least 31 Egyptian soldiers were killed in the October attack , the deadliest to date committed by the Sinai-based militant group Ansar Beit al-Maqdis  Champions of Jerusalem  . ABM militants released video of the ambush in mid-November -- just days after pledging allegiance to ISIS , the Islamic terror group that now controls large parts of Syria and Iraq . The footage , which also shows a number of drive-by shootings and roadside bomb blasts , suggests that the group 's firepower and strategic planning is becoming more sophisticated . ABM operates primarily in Northern Sinai , an area where rolling sand dunes butt up against the Mediterranean Sea and stretch to rocky mountains in the center of the Sinai Peninsula . For years this corner has been dubbed "  the most dangerous part of Egypt . " Since 2011 , the group has been attacking Israeli interests in Sinai by repeatedly blowing up a gas pipeline leading from the Egyptian Red Sea to Israel . The group stepped up the frequency of its raids after Egypt 's army overthrew President Mohamed Morsy -- a former Muslim Brotherhood leader -- following a popular uprising in July 2013 . Hundreds of Egyptian troops have since been slaughtered in this low-level insurgency . In the two months leading up to the October 24 massacre at Karm el-Kawadees , the group more than doubled its attacks in North Sinai -- killing 62 police officers and soldiers , according to Aswat Masriya , an Egyptian Reuters affiliate . While looting weapons from Karm el-Kawadees , a militant proclaimed to the camera : "  Tell the leader of ISIS , -LSB- Abu Bakr -RSB- al-Baghdadi , the leader of the faithful , that you are coming here and we are your soldiers . " The group has changed its logo and its name to Wilayat Sinai -- "  the State of Sinai " -- positioning itself as part of the bigger ISIS "  caliphate " that extends from northern Syria to central Iraq . Several other militant groups from the region have also pledged allegiance to ISIS , including in Libya , which shares a long porous border with Egypt that is known for being an arms-smuggling route . These pledges benefit ISIS , whose territorial expansions have already peaked and are now stagnant , explains H. A. Hellyer , from the Center of Middle East Policy at Brookings Institution . "  It may well be very possible that ABM decided that in order for it to maintain its own type of momentum , to become part of a broader transnational group , would be in its own interest , " Hellyer told CNN . Observers note the scarcity of verified information coming from Sinai ; the military limits access to the wild terrain believed to be the group 's home and the surrounding towns and villages . Most concerns about ABM 's recent pledge of allegiance to ISIS are focused on the possible increase in recruitment and expertise . "  First thing it means is that any Egyptians currently fighting with ISIS and Daesh in Syria or Iraq have a second arena to go and fight in without leaving the group , " Hellyer said . "  They 'll add that expertise , they 'll add that training to the capacity of -LSB- ABM -RSB- . " Unlike ISIS , Ansar Beit al-Maqdis mostly refrains from targeting civilians . The group has almost exclusively attacked the government , aside from one recent ABM video purporting to show the beheading of four civilian men who were accused of spying for Israel . In a video claiming responsibility for the attempted assassination in 2013 of Egypt 's Minister of Interior , ABM said it chose the site of the suicide bombing to minimize Muslim civilian casualties . It pits itself as a defender of the people against what it calls the "  apostate " army . Its statements often cite videos of Egypt 's army attacking protesters in 2011 , the killing of more than one thousand Morsy supporters in August 2013 and , most recently , a leaked video of Egyptian soldiers torturing two Sinai Bedouins . ABM also cites pictures of militants killed by security forces in Sinai as further proof of abuses . "  You all saw what -LSB- security forces -RSB- did to Muslims in Egypt and in all squares . This army has crossed all lines . This army did what the Pharaoh did n't do with his people , " warns an unidentifiable militant in one ABM video . "  We will kill you all , you apostates . " Sitting in front of a cache of weapons supposedly taken from the Karm el-Kawadees camp , ABM 's presumed leader said he would free the "  prisoners of war " held by authorities . "  We told you before , the war has n't started yet . And what 's coming is worse and bitter . This is only the beginning . You opened a door you wo n't be able to close , " he said , clad in black clothing with his face blurred . Following the October attack , the government ordered the evacuation of houses along the Egypt-Gaza border , creating a one-kilometer-wide buffer zone , in a bid to curtail smuggling of arms through the Gaza tunnels . In a video showcasing its capabilities under the banner of "  a fierce military operation to purge Sinai from the grip of terrorism and criminals " , Egypt 's army also included interviews with evacuees assuring the public that they did so willingly and received proper compensations . The residents of northern Sinai have long complained of being neglected by Cairo . The lack of job opportunities and development -- along with a general mistrust between Bedouin peoples and the government -- has created fertile ground for the rise of ABM . "  This is collective punishment by the army and the police , " said Sherif Mohy El-Din , a counter-terrorism researcher at the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights . "  The army has been destroying houses of the people and burning their cars and motorcycles for the past two years . " Terrorist attacks have only increased as the government has stepped up operations since July 2013 , observed Mohy El-Din , who argues that the that the narrow focus on security is counterproductive and is only making the situation worse . "  It 's very complicated . It has a lot of dimensions , economic and political . We are dealing with a regime that since July 2013 has been saying ` It 's me and only me , no parliament or elections , ' " said Mohy El-Din . Opening the public sphere for competing viewpoints , he argued , would help curb terrorism . But defeating ABM will take more than establishing security . Mohy El-Din says the government first needs to improve the lives of the civilians in the area . In the meantime , ABM is no longer confined to Sinai . It has launched attacks in the Nile Delta , in Cairo , and against Israel -- the group 's original enemy . In Cairo , observers worry that the heavy hand of security services in cracking down on dissent is fueling the violence . It provides grounds for recruitment for groups like ABM and is reflected in the spike in number of improvised explosive devices  IEDs  defused or detonated in the Nile Valley . ABM has only claimed responsibility for a few of these attacks . But despite the rise in number and sophistication of attacks , Mohy El-Din believes Egypt is safe for tourists and civilians -- at least for now . "  Now , ABM is not targeting civilians , " he told CNN . "  But if it gets worse and they do n't see hope , then maybe . " The government sees the threat within a regional context . Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has expressed support for the global war on ISIS . And at home , he remains resolute . "  They assume that we are incapable of confronting them . They started the fire . We were very careful that no blood is shed . But unfortunately , they wanted the exact opposite , " the former defense minister , elected president last summer , said 10 days after the October attack . El-Sisi said he was n't shaken by the attack -- and refused to direct his anger at military leadership , as some voices critical of security failures have called for . He ridiculed ABM 's attempts to create an "  emirate " out of Sinai , pledging that no one would crack the enduring unity of Egypt . It 's impossible for ABM to eliminate the Arab world 's largest military . Yet until there is a victor , the death toll will continue to rise . As the group declared in one video , it seems more determined than ever to expand : "  We will eliminate borders . No passports , no visas and no borders . It 's not just about Sinai . "	Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , one of Egypt 's most violent militant groups , has pledged allegiance to ISIS ABM has killed hundreds of Egyptian police officers and soldiers in recent years ABM attacked an army camp in North Sinai in October , killing at least 31 Egyptian soldiers
CNN  -- Western intelligence missed a chance to capture or kill the suspected terrorist thought to be behind the Nairobi mall massacre , according to a former informant for both the CIA and the Danish intelligence service . Morten Storm , who worked as an informant for five years , had forged a close relationship with the man -- a Kenyan called Ikrima -- who has been responsible for planning attacks inside Kenya for Al-Shabaab . Storm , a Danish national , told CNN that in March 2012 the Danish intelligence agency PET had offered him one million Danish krone  $ 200,000  on behalf of the CIA if he could lead them to Ikrima , the target of an unsuccessful operation by US Navy SEALs last month . The SEALs raided an Al-Shabaab compound at Barawe on the Somali coast , but Ikrima escaped . Storm 's told CNN it is possible he might have got wind of the plans had he still been working for Western intelligence . But his relationship with PET and the CIA ended in mid-2012 amid disagreement about a different mission in Yemen . "  I get really frustrated to know that Ikrima had been maybe involved in the Westgate terrorist attack . It frustrates me a lot because it could have been stopped and I 'm sad I ca n't be involved in this . " The CIA refused to comment on Storm 's claims ; a spokesperson for the PET told CNN : "  We ca n't confirm or deny ever knowing Morten Storm . " Kenyan counter-terrorism sources have told CNN they believe Ikrima had a hand in the Westgate attack as well as a string of plots targeting Kenya in the last two years , including a plot to target Kenya 's parliament in late 2011 . Read more : Kenya mall suspects to appear in court Storm said he first put Ikrima on the radar screen of Western intelligence in 2008 when he met him in Nairobi for the first time . In the spring of 2009 Storm met Ikrima in Nairobi again . Abdelkadir Warsame , a senior Al-Shabaab operative , had sent Ikrima to meet Storm to pick up electronic equipment for one of Al-Shabaab 's leaders . What Ikrima did not know was that Storm was working for PET , MI6 , and the CIA , and that tracking devices had been hidden in the equipment , which included a laptop . The equipment , according to Storm 's Al-Shabaab handlers , was for Saleh al Nabhan , one of the senior planners of the 1998 bombing of the U.S. embassy in Nairobi . Several months later Nabhan was targeted and killed in a U.S. Navy SEALs operation . Storm 's Al-Shabaab contacts subsequently told him they believed Nabhan had been tracked through the electronic equipment but blamed a junior courier . After Al-Shabaab carried out a twin suicide bombing attack in Kampala , Uganda in July 2010 Ikrima told Storm it was now difficult for him to travel to meet him in Nairobi . From then on the two kept in frequent touch through encrypted emails -- which CNN has seen -- providing Western intelligence with real-time information on his movements and plans . In early 2010 Storm connected Ikrima to Anwar al Awlaki , the American-Yemeni cleric who had by then begun overseeing al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's operations against the West . According to Storm the two then began communicating over encrypted emails . They eventually came up with a joint plan of action to attack the West : Ikrima would send Shabaab recruits , including Westerners , to Yemen for terrorist training , and they would then be sent back to Somalia or on to the West . "  And as for going to hooks -LSB- Awlaki 's -RSB- place ... then i was told by hook that they want to train brothers and then send them back or to the west , " Ikrima wrote to Storm in November 2010 . Read more : Did ` White Widow ' spy on Kenya mall ? Storm believes Ikrima 's connection to Awlaki -- and his delivery of equipment secretly supplied by Western intelligence - enabled Ikrima to quickly climb Al-Shabaab 's hierarchy . "  He was one of the smartest ones I met in east Africa , " he told CNN . Storm told CNN that Ikrima helped oversee an intelligence apparatus -- "  Amniyat " - Al-Shabaab set up in Kenya . "  He 's the main link between Somalia and the Al Hijra group back here in Kenya , " one of Ikrima 's former associates told CNN in Nairobi . Al Hijra is a militant outfit in Kenya closely associated with Al-Shabaab . Storm said that Ikrima was at the center of a spiderweb connecting terrorist operatives in Somalia , Kenya , Yemen , and the West . He said he had emerged as the chief handler of foreign fighters , including Westerners joining Al-Shabaab , placing him in a unique opportunity to plot terrorist attacks in East Africa and Europe . His intelligence , language skills and connections appear to have now made Ikrima invaluable to Al-Shabaab . Two former friends of Ikrima -- including a former member of Al-Shabaab , told CNN he was now a strategist and planner for the group , rather than a fighter . "  He 's part of the intelligence team . He speaks five languages - Norwegian , Swahili , Arabic , Somali , and English - and that puts him in a front seat with Al-Shabaab , " one of his associates told CNN . Storm and the two former associates have shed light on how a middle class Kenyan became one of the most wanted terrorists in east Africa . Read more : Suspicion over Norwegian 's roll in mall attack Ikrima , now believed to be in his late twenties , was born in Mombasa into a middle class ethnic Somali family who also had blood links to the Al-Ansi tribe in Yemen , a connection which later helped Ikrima forge a relationship with AQAP . The family moved to Nairobi when he was young where he excelled in his studies , especially in French and other languages . His friends remembered him as not particularly religious and fond of smoking marijuana . He moved to Norway in 2004 apparently to seek out economic opportunities in Europe , taking advantage of the fact that his Somali ethnicity allowed him to apply for refugee status . He was granted temporary travel papers , but he never fit in , and started to become radicalized . A 2006 offensive by Ethiopian troops to rid Somalia of the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamist militia that had taken control of much of the country , appears to have played a significant role . Storm said Ikrima had told him he had joined the Islamic Courts Union in Somalia and experienced the invasion by Ethiopian troops first hand . He suspects the experience instilled in Ikrima a deep commitment to Jihad . According to his friends when he returned to Norway he was told his application for asylum had been rejected , and he moved to London for several months . In 2008 Ikrima left Europe for good and returned to east Africa . Western counter-terorrism officials fear his reputation in Jihadist circles worldwide will be bolstered by his escape from the U.S. operation , and he may be emboldened to plot new attacks . " Al-Shabaab will protect him to the end . They will give him bodyguards around the clock they will make sure he is safe where ever he goes in Somalia , " one of the former associates of Ikrima told CNN . Read more : Inside story on Al-Shabaab commander Ikrima	Ex-spy says intelligence agencies missed a chance to capture suspected terrorist Al-Shabaab militant Ikrima is thought to have planned the attack on Kenya 's Westgate Mall Morten Storm is a former informant for the CIA and Danish intelligence service PET CIA refuses to comment on Storm 's claims ; PET refuses to confirm or deny knowing him
CNN  -- A giant panda slated to be the star of the first-ever live broadcast of the birth of panda cubs has lost the role -- after it was discovered the bear is not pregnant after all , Chinese state media reported . Not only was it a phantom pregnancy , but zookeepers suspect the panda , Ai Hin , may have been faking it to improve her quality of life , the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding told Xinhua on Monday . Ai Hin , age 6 , had shown signs of pregnancy , including a change in appetite , moving less and an increase in progestational hormone in July , according to Xinhua . But after almost two months , she began acting normally again , zookeepers said . Experts say pandas sometimes carry on the behaviors associated with early pregnancy after noticing that they get preferential treatment , the news agency reported . "  After showing prenatal signs , the ` mothers-to-be ' are moved into single rooms with air conditioning and around-the-clock care , " Wu Kongju , an expert at the Chengdu base , is quoted as saying . "  They also receive more buns , fruits and bamboo , so some clever pandas have used this to their advantage to improve their quality of life . " The birth of Ai Hin 's supposed cub and its progress in its early days , from its first cries to acquiring its distinctive black-and-white fur , were due to be broadcast online to panda lovers in China and worldwide . Giant pandas are notoriously reluctant to breed in captivity and pseudo-pregnancies are common . The female is fertile for no more than three days a year , and the time span for a pregnancy is from 80 to 200 days , according to the Chengdu base . Scientists will closely monitor behavioral and physiological signs , but it 's often a guessing game . Even if a pregnancy proves genuine , baby pandas have very low survival rates . According to the Chengdu base , only a third to a half of pandas born in Chinese captivity manage to survive past infancy . There was good news last month , though , when a panda gave birth to a healthy set of triplets in China 's Chimelong Safari Park in the southern city of Guangzhou . The cubs are thought to be the only living panda triplets in the world . Edinburgh Zoo in Scotland thinks its panda , Tian Tian , could be the next to produce a cub , based on the latest scientific tests , but there are no guarantees . "  It is very likely that we will not know 100 % if Tian Tian is pregnant until she gives birth , " Iain Valentine , director of giant pandas for the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland , said earlier this month . As few as 1,600 giant pandas survive in the mountain forests of central China , according to the Smithsonian Institution 's National Zoo in Washington . More than 300 pandas live in zoos and breeding centers around the world , most of them in China .	Giant panda Ai Hin had a phantom pregnancy , Xinhua reports The panda was supposed to be the star of the first live broadcast of a panda birth Expert says pandas sometimes act pregnant after noticing they get better treatment
CNN  It 's a major European waterway that rivals the Volga , the Rhine and the Danube . Now , deadly fighting in Ukraine has transformed the Dnieper into something much more than a river . It has become a cultural symbol of a deeply divided nation . Along its winding path -- and elsewhere -- Polish photojournalist Justyna Mielnikiewicz met people whose lives have been profoundly changed since fighting erupted last year between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russia rebels . Despite a shaky ceasefire , which was reached last September , sporadic fighting continues . "  I 'm trying to show the amazing unbroken spirit of people which are united and determined to fight for what they believe , " Mielnikiewicz told CNN on the phone this week . Her camera captured fascinating people linked to the conflict : a masked fighter brandishing a piece of wood shaped like a rifle , children wearing paramilitary uniforms standing at attention , a young couple dramatically embracing in the midst of an intense protest . Mielnikiewicz also photographed landscapes reflecting the mood of the region : a cable car suspended over the mighty Dnieper , giant concrete wave-breakers blocking a road , and a protest billboard depicting Russian President Vladimir Putin wearing a Hitler-style mustache . The Dnieper basically slices Ukraine into two parts -- east and west -- as it flows roughly north to south connecting the capital , Kiev , to the Black Sea . The farther east of the river you go , residents tend to lean toward pro-Russia rebels . The farther west of the river , people are more likely to support the government . "  I 'm trying to keep a wider perspective , " Mielnikiewicz said , mindful that although the fighting has been limited to relatively small regions , it has very much affected people nationwide . Before the ceasefire , an August report from the United Nations said at least 2,220 people had been killed since mid-April 2014 . At least 5,956 had been wounded , the report said , not including the 298 victims of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 , which was shot down over the region in July . Russia annexed Ukraine 's semi-autonomous region of Crimea in March , supported by Crimea 's ethnic Russian majority . Putin said Russia was protecting Crimea . But international opponents called it a land grab and slapped Russia with economic sanctions . Photographing people in war-torn countries was n't what Mielnikiewicz had in mind when she first envisioned her career . She said she started as a "  very socially engaged person in general " who aspired to become a painter . "  In a sense , photography can combine those two things , " she said . "  You can be a socially engaged artist -- being a photographer . What interests me in photography is it can be a tool to be able to talk to people -- to discover their stories -- to tell their stories . " She trained to become a film critic , she said . But eventually Mielnikiewicz knew she wanted to watch dramatic events unfold in real life , instead of on the silver screen . Her Ukraine photos won Mielnikiewicz a grant from the U.S.-based Aftermath Project , which encourages photographers to tell stories about the aftermath of conflict . She hopes she 'll be able to return to Ukraine this year , to reunite with the people she met and see how their lives have changed . The ceasefire , Mielnikiewicz said , does n't seem to be working well . And the fighting ? "  It does n't look like there 's an end to it . " Nonetheless , she said she 's discovered firsthand something that Ukrainians seem to share . "  The strength of Ukraine is really amazing -- the determination , " she said . "  Not just talking about the war , I think they 're a very strong people . " Justyna Mielnikiewicz is a photographer based in Tbilisi , Georgia . You can follow her on Instagram .	Photographer Justyna Mielnikiewicz documented the political divide along the Dnieper River The Dnieper slices Ukraine into two parts : east and west Her Ukraine photos won a grant from the U.S.-based Aftermath Project
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Edwin van der Sar claimed the all-time British record for minutes without conceding a goal during Manchester United 's 1-0 win over West Ham on Sunday . Triumphant : Edwin van der Sar holds the British goalkeeping record for most time without conceding . The Dutch veteran also took the 30-year-old English record from Steve Death last week . Death 's name , with all due respect to the former Reading custodian , is not up there with the game 's greats . So who is in Van der Sar 's league as football 's finest shot-stoppers , the men who rarely get the credit but often cop the flak ? Here , Football Fanzone presents a run down of the best goalkeepers in history . Read through our picks and tell us if you disagree or if we 've missed anyone in the Sound Off box below . What do you think of van der Sar 's inclusion ? Lev Yashin  USSR Yahsin is the only goalkeeper ever to be named European Footballer of the Year , in 1963 . Dubbed the Black Spider for his all-black outfit and what seemed like eight limbs , the Russian even invented the concept of the keeper as sweeper . In the days when keepers were not protected by referees as they are today , Yashin 's bravery and acrobatics were legendary and 207 clean sheets and 150 penalties saves he made in a 22-year career tell their own story . The best keeper at each World Cup is presented with the Yashin Award . Dino Zoff  Italy Zoff is one of just two goalkeepers to lift the World Cup having captained Italy to their third crown in 1982 . He was already 40 then , making him the oldest World Cup-winning captain too . But the unflappable Zoff 's achievements do n't end there : he holds the record for the longest playing time without conceding in international tournaments  1,142 minutes  set between 1972 and 1974 . And with 112 caps , he ranks third in the Azzurri 's all-time list . A true great . Gordon Banks  England "  What a save , " so the commentary runs to the finest piece of goalkeeping ever and one of football 's most memorable moments . Pele was certain he 'd scored after meeting Jairzinho 's center , heading powerfully down into the left-hand corner of the net in Brazil 's 1-0 1970 World Cup group win over England . But somehow Banks scrambled across , miraculously diving to push the ball up over the bar . Banks might have been immortalized by that stop , but his absence through illness from England 's subsequent quarter-final against West Germany was perhaps more telling when his replacement Peter Bonetti was made a scapegoat for the defending champions ' defeat . Peter Schmeichel  Denmark Schmeichel will go down as Sir Alex Ferguson 's best signing for Manchester United , certainly pound-for-pound . Bought for just $ 750,000 in 1991 , the imposing Schmeichel would provide United everything a world-class goalkeeper requires -- including the ability to launch a swift counter-attack . He won Euro 92 with Denmark and the Treble with United in 1999 , while 13 career goals are not to be sniffed at either . He played on a season too long , maybe , but on his day there were few better . Edwin van der Sar  Holland At 38 , the rangy Van der Sar is in the very twilight of his career -- but what a career it 's been . The man from Voorhout holds the record number of caps for Holland , he 's won the Champions League twice and is on course to win a third Premier League title in a row with Manchester United this season . All of which makes you wonder how come he spent so long at Fulham ? United fans would love to have had Van der Sar way before 2005 ; he has proved to be the definitive Schmeichel replacement . Iker Casillas  Spain It 's easy to take Casillas ' brilliance for granted , but stand back and look at his career and it 's clear he 's already one of the greats . Real Madrid have always been able to lure the best , yet they 've had the agile Casillas as their number-one No. 1 since 1999 -- when he was still a teenager . Still only 27 , Casillas is contracted to the club until 2017 . He 's already won two Champions Leagues and four La Liga titles . At international level he came into his own during 2008 by captaining Spain to the European Championship , becoming the first goalkeeper to do so . Ricardo Zamora 's legacy is safe hands . Pat Jennings  Northern Ireland Jennings was a late starter in the position and famously had no official coaching . His international career spanned a record-breaking six World Cups  including qualifying campaigns  across 22 years . By the time he came out of retirement to play for Northern Ireland at Mexico 1986 , Jennings was 41 and ended the tournament with 119 caps . He played more than 1,000 games , including crossing the bitter north London divide by playing for Tottenham and Arsenal . The unflappable Jennings ' enormous hands were his trademark and the curse of many an attacker . Gianluigi Buffon  Italy Buffon vies with Casillas and the Czech Republic 's Petr Cech to be considered the best goalkeeper around at the moment , but in a country with a long tradition of high-quality No. 1s Buffon is up there with the very best . Winning the 2006 Yashin Award was the perfect riposte to his critics after Juventus ' dramatic fall from grace owing to match-fixing . Buffon , an imposing figure with no obvious weaknesses , stayed loyal to the Old Lady , who made him the world 's most expensive goalkeeper in 2001 when they paid Parma $ 46.2 m for him . He 's been worth every cent . Jose Luis Chilavert  Paraguay If there 's one thing a goalkeeper is not expected to do -- other than to make a mistake -- it 's score a goal . Given Chilavert netted no fewer than 62 times in his career , including eight for his country , it seems only fair he should be included on this list . Brazil 's Rogerio Ceni may have outscored him and Rene Higuita of Colombia might have out-done him on the chutzpah front , but Chilavert 's pioneering free-kicks and penalties have made him a legend . Mohamed Al-Deayea  Saudi Arabia Goalkeepers are known for their longevity and ability to perform into their 40s . That makes Al-Deayea a relative youngster at just 36 , but the Saudi Arabian holds the world record for the most number of international appearances . Over a 16-year career for the Middle Eastern country , Al-Deayea racked up a scarcely believable 181 caps . . Having started his career playing handball , Al-Deayea went on to play in three World Cups -- and was even on the receiving end of an 8-0 thumping by eventual finalists Germany at the 2002 tournament . Guillermo Ochoa  Mexico This one is from the left-field and a little premature for a list containing the best goalkeepers of all time . But much is expected of Ochoa , Mexico 's up-and-coming talent . He 's already been linked with a move to Manchester United and he is on the radar of a number of Europe 's top clubs . Reliant on his amazing reflexes , Ochoa is one of the best shot-stoppers out there and great at on-the-spot improvised saves . Ochoa 's already established in the Mexico set-up and is already such a big star already that the American release of the FIFA 09 video game featured him on the front cover . Definitely one to watch .	Edwin van der Sar claims British record for minutes without conceding a goal CNN picks 11 of the top goalkeepers of all time Share your thoughts on who should in and who should be out
CNN  -- When we think about asylum , the picture that most people draw in their heads is of some persecuted person crossing a border to a safe country and pleading his or her case . Mexican journalists who have walked across international bridges into the United States , fearing drug cartel reprisals , come to mind . Or the Cuban athletes who during tournaments abroad decide to defect , and ask for asylum . This is the traditional , and most common way , to request asylum . But as the latest twist in the Julian Assange case shows , there are rare times when asylum is granted to someone who has yet to reach their safe haven . Ecuador 's decision this week to grant asylum to Assange was celebrated as a victory by his supporters , but the WikiLeaks founder 's conundrum remains unchanged . For the foreseeable future , he is stuck inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London . Ecuador may have granted asylum to the man inside their embassy , but the United Kingdom does n't recognize it . At issue are divergent views on the concept of diplomatic asylum -- a nation 's granting of asylum to someone not inside its territory . The concept of diplomatic asylum is as old as the practice of having permanent embassies in foreign countries . It is tied closely with the practice of diplomatic immunity , which is more well known . But controversies over countries using diplomatic asylum to protect people wanted for crimes led to the practice falling out of favor , according to a United Nations report devoted to the subject in 1975 . From the 19th century onward , the practice of diplomatic asylum virtually disappeared in Europe , while it continued to grow in Latin America . The result is that today , the view in most of world is that diplomatic asylum , in essence , does not exist . The exception is Latin America , where some legal writers even grant diplomatic asylum the status of a human right , the U.N. report says . One last tidbit of academic dryness before considering the Assange case : The prevailing view that diplomatic asylum is not part of accepted international law was settled in a case between Peru and Colombia before the International Court of Justice in 1950 . Victor de la Haya , a Peruvian , led an unsuccessful rebellion in Peru and was wanted by authorities there . He hid in the Colombian embassy in Lima and asked for , and received asylum from Colombia . Peru , however , refused to grant safe passage . Sound familiar ? The court ruled that diplomatic asylum is not recognized unless treaties or other agreements are in place between countries . So today , "  in general international law there is n't actually a right to grant diplomatic asylum , or at least other states are n't required to respect it , " said Matthew Happold , an international law expert at the University of Luxembourg . What it means for Assange is that Ecuador 's declaration might not do anything to help him . In fact , Happold said , under international law , if the U.K. officially requests Ecuador to hand over Assange , Ecuador would be legally obligated to do so . Britain has made it clear that it will not provide safe passage and intends to extradite Assange to Sweden , but it is unclear if the government has sent a formal request for him . The U.K. 's position has been to negotiate a solution . A negotiated solution staved off a similar diplomatic drama between the United States and China this year . The blind Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng had escaped house arrest and sought refuge inside the U.S. embassy . Unlike the Assange case , however , Chen did not ask for asylum and none was granted . Instead , New York University invited Chen to study there , and China agreed to let him go . With negotiations apparently deadlocked between Ecuador and Britain , it is uncertain how long Assange will remain holed up inside the embassy while Sweden awaits to question him over claims of rape and sexual molestation . "  These cases can go on for years if there is n't some settlement . It 's happened in the past , " Happold said . The Peruvian who sought asylum from the Colombian embassy in 1950 lived there for five years . Meanwhile , some experts questioned the validity of the arguments that Ecuador used to grant asylum . Ecuador 's decision was based on the belief that Sweden would eventually turn Assange over to the Americans , and that his life would be at risk once in U.S. custody , former Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Jose Alaya told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . "  That is making a hypothesis on top of a hypothesis , and to justify a decision on that is not very strong , " he said . The purpose of an embassy is to maintain ties with other countries , but as long as Assange remains in limbo , "  every day it will become a greater obstacle in their efforts toward good relations . "	Ecuador granted asylum to Assange , but the U.K. does not recognize it Diplomatic asylum is not a right under general international law The standoff could extend indefinitly
El Paso , Texas  CNN  -- When the cell phone rang , the words "  private number " flashed on the screen . Marisol Valles Garcia knew who was calling . The threatening , mysterious voice on the other end of the line had hounded her for almost four months . But this phone call had a starkly sinister tone . The man said something he 'd never said before . He was coming to pick up the 21-year-old police chief at the station . "  Some people " wanted to see her , he said . The same day -- March 1 -- her mother spotted strange cars driving past the family 's home . Valles Garcia knew it was only a matter of time before they closed in . She called her husband and told him to grab their 1-year-old son . Four months after headlines around the world heralded her as the "  bravest woman in Mexico , " Valles Garcia plotted a hasty escape across a remote border crossing in West Texas . Terrified of being tortured or killed , she fled the country without packing a suitcase . With her parents , sisters , husband and son , Valles Garcia crossed a footbridge into the United States and asked for asylum . "  I came here for the security my country can not provide for me , " she told CNN in a recent interview . "  The fear will never go away . What I experienced is a fear that will last a lifetime . " A few days after she left Mexico , Valles Garcia learned her mother 's house had been ransacked . She is hiding in the United States while she awaits a ruling in her asylum case , and agreed to speak with CNN in El Paso , Texas . The asylum process is a lengthy legal road that could take up to three years , El Paso attorney Carlos Spector said , and there 's no guarantee U.S. authorities will grant the request . But Spector said one thing is certain : Going back to Mexico would be a death sentence . "  I have no doubt she will be killed , " said Spector , who calls Valles Garcia "  the Rosa Parks of Mexico . " "  She is a trophy for the cartels . She represented the average person saying , ` No more , ' " he said . Last October , Valles Garcia took a job no one wanted . She became police chief in the small Mexican border town of Praxedis G. Guerrero . The previous police chief had been murdered . Drug cartel assassins cut off his head . Nationwide , the Mexican government says there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . Praxedis , located only about 35 miles away from Ciudad Juarez , is in a region that has seen some of the bloodiest conflict , as rival cartels fight over smuggling routes into the United States . The idealistic criminology student 's rise to police chief in one of Mexico 's most violent areas thrust Valles Garcia into the international spotlight . News reporters from around the world came to Praxedis , a town of only 3,000 people , to tell the story of the woman who dreamed to make a difference . "  We had a beautiful idea . That 's why I accepted the job , " Valles Garcia said . "  We wanted to re-establish people 's confidence in the police . " But just weeks into her new job , the threatening phone calls started , Valles Garcia said . At first , the man on the phone tried to convince her to work for both sides . To many public officials in Mexico , it is a familiar offer , commonly referred to as "  plata o plomo "  silver or lead  -- a not-so-subtle demand to accept the drug cartel 's bribes , or be on the receiving end of bullets . Valles Garcia refused the offers for months . Knowing she could not take on the drug cartels with her tiny police force , her mission at the police department was focusing on prevention . She hired 13 female police officers . They refused to carry weapons and the young police chief never used body guards , unlike many other public officials in Mexico . "  Yes , there is fear , " Valles Garcia told CNN shortly after she started the job . "  It 's like all human beings . There will always be fear , but what we want to achieve in our municipality is tranquility and security . " Her vision was training the police force to focus on pushing children to stay in school and helping single mothers find steady-paying jobs . It was a lucrative offer in a town full of women widowed by the drug war , where many families were scrambling to survive . Valles Garcia hoped the same circumstances that made so many young people fall prey to drug cartels ' offers of making easy money would bolster her police force 's success . "  We were helping the people they  the cartels  were recruiting from , " Valles Garcia said . "  I do n't think they liked that . We were trying to help them make a better life . " But perhaps naively , Valles Garcia said , she did n't expect to be run out of her hometown by the narco underworld . "  I thought we made it clear to the drug cartels , we were going to be focused on social issues , " said Valles Garcia . "  We were n't going to attack them . That was the job of the state and federal police . " But the threats kept coming . Eventually , Valles Garcia became so frightened that she asked her father to drive her to work . Now , she fights back tears as she acknowledges that she can never return to the only place she 's ever lived -- a violent , corrupt world where many of her friends and family remain . "  My whole life was in Mexico , " Valles Garcia said . "  I hope Mexico becomes what it once was , a safe , fun place with life . " Valles Garcia is devastated that she ca n't go home , and disappointed she could n't finish her three-year term as police chief of the small town where she was born and raised . But still , she 's proud of her accomplishments . "  We at least made a difference , gave people a little hope , " she said .	Marisol Valles Garcia says threats forced her to leave , gave her "  fear that will last a lifetime " She was police chief for four months in the border town of Praxedis G. Guerrero Her idealism drew international attention Attorney : "  She represented the average person saying , ` No more ' "
Clearwater , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida judge dismissed a batch of potential jurors in the Casey Anthony murder trial Tuesday because several members had discussed the case in the jury room . The ruling from Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. came in the second day of jury selection in the trial of Anthony , 25 , who is charged with capital murder in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . Perry asked the individuals whether another potential juror talked or asked about the case , and whether it went beyond just a reference to the case . At least a dozen raised their hand when asked if someone had spoken to them about Casey Anthony . "  Through no fault of your own I think it 's best I let you go and return back to the central jury room , " said Perry , who asked for more jury candidates Wednesday . The judge and lawyers are questioning potential jurors in groups of 50 . They need 12 jurors and eight alternates . Perry tied the jury panel problem to a person , listed as a witness in the case , who had also been summoned for jury duty . That individual spoke with others in the jury room , the judge said . Concerns over Anthony receiving a fair trial led to the jury selection proceedings being moved to the Clearwater , Florida , courthouse , about 100 miles southwest of Orlando . Caylee 's grandmother first reported her missing in Orlando in 2008 , weeks after the girl was last seen , and five months before her body was found . Authorities moved the proceedings to Clearwater hoping to draw from a jury pool that was less likely to have seen and been influenced by the intense media coverage surrounding the case . Once jury selection is complete , the jurors will be transported to Orlando 's Orange County for the trial , which is now scheduled to start May 17 . Perry and lawyers have been asking jurors about possible hardships in hearing the capital case . "  Our system of justice depends on people like you willing to serve , " the judge said Monday . "  You are being asked to perform one of the highest duties of citizenship . " Many excused jurors cited financial hardship -- saying they or their family would suffer if they could n't work for two months . Others said they had to take care of loved ones . On a lighter note , a woman claimed hardship Tuesday due to her concern about a teen son who lives at home and worries about another son , 29 , possibly throwing parties while she is on duty . Jurors also will be asked , one by one , for their take on the death penalty , which Casey Anthony would be eligible for if convicted on the murder charge . Lastly , the jurors will be quizzed on their knowledge of the case and other positions -- including if they have an opinion , prior to the trial , on Anthony 's guilt or innocence . Throughout the selection process , Perry can weigh arguments from members of Anthony 's legal team and state prosecutors and decide to exclude certain men and women from the jury pool . Casey Anthony also faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and misleading law enforcement . In Session 's Jean Casarez and Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : The judge says a witness in the case also was summoned for jury duty A Florida judge rejects potential jurors because they discussed the case Jury selection was secretly moved to Clearwater , 100 miles from Orlando Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee
A defiant Texas Gov. Rick Perry , a potential 2016 presidential candidate , was booked on Tuesday on two felony charges related to his handling of a local political controversy . Perry voluntarily appeared at the Travis County Court to be fingerprinted and to have his mug shot taken . "  I 'm going to enter this courthouse with my head held high knowing that the actions I took were not only lawful and legal but right , " Perry told reporters . "  I 'm going to fight this injustice with every fiber of my being , and we will prevail and we 'll prevail because we 're standing for the rule of law , " he said . The charges allege Perry misused his office by improperly threatening to and then withholding state funds for a program run by a county prosecutor unless she resigned . Perry , a Republican , was indicted last week on counts alleging coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity . His initial court appearance is scheduled for Friday . The case centers on Perry 's veto in June 2013 of $ 7.5 million approved by the Legislature to fund a public integrity unit run by Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat . He wanted her out , following a drunk-driving arrest . She refused to leave . Does Rick Perry 's indictment disqualify him from 2016 ? His legal team insists he had a legal right to tie funding for the public integrity unit to Lehmberg 's removal , and argues he had no legal obligation to explain his veto . Perry said on Tuesday that he would do the same thing again if faced with the same situation . Many Republicans and some Democrats have come to Perry 's defense . Even Texas gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis , a Democrat , was n't as strident in her reaction as her party 's state committee , which called on Perry to step down . "  Those are very serious charges and I as a lawyer understand and trust the justice system and I will rely on it to do its job , " she said on Monday . Perry is entering his final few months in office after a historic 14-year run in Austin , and it 's unclear how the charges might impact any presidential run . It 's an open secret he 's laying groundwork for a second White House campaign after his disastrous 2012 effort and is due to visit key states in coming weeks . Read the indictment  PDF Opinion : The case against Perry	Texas governor defiant as he arrives at courthouse to be booked on felony charges He was indicted over his handling of a political controversy involving a local prosecutor Perry and his lawyers call the charges outrageous and vow to fight them in court Perry said he would n't change anything if confronted with the same situation
CNN  Share , and your gift will be multiplied . That may sound like an esoteric adage , but when Zully Broussard selflessly decided to give one of her kidneys to a stranger , her generosity paired up with big data . It resulted in six patients receiving transplants . That surprised and wowed her . "  I thought I was going to help this one person who I do n't know , but the fact that so many people can have a life extension , that 's pretty big , " Broussard told CNN affiliate KGO . She may feel guided in her generosity by a higher power . "  Thanks for all the support and prayers , " a comment on a Facebook page in her name read . "  I know this entire journey is much bigger than all of us . I also know I 'm just the messenger . " CNN can not verify the authenticity of the page . But the power that multiplied Broussard 's gift was data processing of genetic profiles from donor-recipient pairs . It works on a simple swapping principle but takes it to a much higher level , according to California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco . So high , that it is taking five surgeons , a covey of physician assistants , nurses and anesthesiologists , and more than 40 support staff to perform surgeries on 12 people . They are extracting six kidneys from donors and implanting them into six recipients . "  The ages of the donors and recipients range from 26 to 70 and include three parent and child pairs , one sibling pair and one brother and sister-in-law pair , " the medical center said in a statement . The chain of surgeries is to be wrapped up Friday . In late March , the medical center is planning to hold a reception for all 12 patients . Here 's how the super swap works , according to California Pacific Medical Center . Say , your brother needs a kidney to save his life , or at least get off of dialysis , and you 're willing to give him one of yours . But then it turns out that your kidney is not a match for him , and it 's certain his body would reject it . Your brother can then get on a years-long waiting list for a kidney coming from an organ donor who died . Maybe that will work out -- or not , and time could run out for him . Alternatively , you and your brother could look for another recipient-living donor couple like yourselves -- say , two more siblings , where the donor 's kidney is n't suited for his sister , the recipient . But maybe your kidney is a match for his sister , and his kidney is a match for your brother . So , you 'd do a swap . That 's called a paired donation . It 's a bit of a surgical square dance , where four people cross over partners temporarily and everybody goes home smiling . But instead of a square dance , Broussard 's generous move set off a chain reaction , like dominoes falling . Her kidney , which was removed Thursday , went to a recipient , who was paired with a donor . That donor 's kidney went to the next recipient , who was also paired with a donor , and so on . On Friday , the last donor will give a kidney to someone who has been biding time on one of those deceased donor lists to complete the chain . Such long-chain transplanting is rare . It 's been done before , California Pacific Medical Center said in a statement , but matching up the people in the chain has been laborious and taken a long time . That changed when a computer programmer named David Jacobs received a kidney transplant . He had been waiting on a deceased donor list , when a live donor came along -- someone nice enough to give away a kidney to a stranger . Jacobs paid it forward with his programming skills , creating MatchGrid , a program that genetically matches up donor pairs or chains quickly . "  When we did a five-way swap a few years ago , which was one of the largest , it took about three to four months . We did this in about three weeks , " Jacobs said . But this chain would n't have worked so quickly without Broussard 's generosity -- or may not have worked at all . "  The significance of the altruistic donor is that it opens up possibilities for pairing compatible donors and recipients , " said Dr. Steven Katznelson . "  Where there had been only three or four options , with the inclusion of the altruistic donor , we had 140 options to consider for matching donors and recipients . " And that 's divine , Broussard 's friend Shirley Williams wrote in a comment her on Broussard 's Facebook page . "  You are a true angel my friend . "	Zully Broussard decided to give a kidney to a stranger A new computer program helped her donation spur transplants for six kidney patients
For many college students , landing a coveted internship is a feat . But making the most of the internship is the real accomplishment . With countless internship stories -- both dream scenarios and nightmares -- making the news lately , CNN chatted with interns past and present to find out what made their experiences so great . Let 's be real . Free food galore , tantalizing perks and pay were definitely touted , but many students say these benefits are not the keys to a great internship . "  The best internship I ever had was in the district office for Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson , " says former intern Anam Iqbal . "  While the internship was unpaid , the experience was priceless . I met many local political figures ... and many lifelong friends in the office . " So what 's the secret ? We got the skinny from interns past and present who say it 's all in what you make of it . Here are five must-dos for a dynamite internship : 1 . Do n't get caught up on money Caitlin Beck , a rising senior at Fordham University , interned with MTV News -- for no pay -- this past spring . She 's working now as a restaurant hostess to save money for the school year . She says writing for the MTV News RapFix blog and coordinating guest segments in the "  TRL " studio outweighed the pay issue . "  It never really made me mad because I loved it , " she says . "  When you 're working somewhere like that , it validates you , so you almost ca n't get mad at them . " Beck received some financial assistance , including reimbursement for transportation , from Fordham to make her internship possible . Other interns also appeal to their schools for help making unpaid internships possible . While interning with Ashoka , a social entrepreneur think tank in Arlington , Virginia , Ayah Abo-Basha received a grant from her school 's honors program -- and she says it 's a situation with which many of her fellow interns can sympathize . "  I 'm not spending money left and right , " she says . "  All the interns bring their lunches . " Other students turned to part-time jobs . Iqbal had a morning job as a bank teller for the duration of her internship , and she coordinated her schedule with the bank and the congresswoman 's office to make sure she could manage both commitments . When students are interning with start-ups or small companies , sometimes the employer just ca n't afford to pay extra hands . Hilda Adenjii , now a campus coordinator at Pace University , interned with event planning group DBD Social last summer . She was unpaid , but her employer covered all project expenses . When DBD Social merged with another company in the fall , they had the money to pay -- and they hired Adenjii back as a paid intern . "  Internships have become the new entry level , " says Lou Gaglini , associate director for employer relations and recruiting at Boston College Career Center . "  Employers like to know you can hit the ground running . " 2 . Embrace program structure No student relishes the stereotypical picture of "  intern busy work " : sorting files , entering data -- feel free to insert your most dreaded office task here . In a structured internship program , there 's considerably less room for busy work or  even worse  dead time . Interns ' schedules are instead packed with meetings , events or seminars . Ayah Abo-Basha , a rising junior at Washington University in St. Louis , is interning this summer with Ashoka , a social entrepreneur think tank in Arlington , Virginia . "  I would say there 's just enough structure , " she says , specifically mentioning how weekly intern meetings can be educational seminars one week and informal socials the next . Graduate student Max Huleurt is the only intern in the production department of CBS 's "  GameSpot , " so he says he appreciates participating in activities with other CBS interns , such as the lunchtime "  Intern Olympics . " After socializing and enjoying the free event , he returns to his department , where he collaborates with salaried team members "  just like at a real job , " he says . 3 . Find your role and claim ownership of your projects The word "  ownership " pops up again and again when students describe internship successes . Tom Pae says this is what separates good internships from great internships . As a LinkedIn global sales operations intern , the majority of his time is spent collaborating with other interns on "  meaty " projects and discussing his work with top leadership at the company . Alex Forss is at eBay for his second summer because he says he feels encouraged to pitch ideas and network with upper management . He 's also seen his ideas successfully implemented later -- and he gets credit , too . "  It is a high-paying internship , but the responsibility is the most rewarding part of it , " he says . "  I just led a conference call with a couple VPs on the phone . They let me do that . " But it 's not just tech companies that value collaboration with interns . At CBS Interactive , Huleurt says he has unlocked the secret to internship happiness : knowing your work has value . "  It 's not , ` Hey , intern , go get coffee , ' or ` watch me do this , ' " he says . "  I have a very specific place , and it feels like a real job . " Shara Senderoff founded the website Intern Sushi to match students with good internship experiences . She says identifying your role is critical when later discussing an internship experience in job interviews or within a cover letter . "  If you ca n't say why your company is doing what it 's doing , you do n't know anything about the culture or the company , " she says . "  You need to know the bigger picture of where your work fits in . " 4 . Bond with your supervisor At Ashoka , Abo-Basha says she does n't have an "  intern supervisor " -- she has an "  accountability partner , " a full-time employee also in her field . "  You 're a partner , not just a lowly intern , " she says . Abo-Basha regularly meets with her accountability partner to give project updates , ask for advice on problems or learn about other opportunities within the company . But the best supervisors do n't just lead -- they also inspire . When interning for Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson , D-Texas , in 2010 , Anam Iqbal took particular notice of the congresswoman 's condolence card routine . Johnson sent personalized cards to the families and friends of recently passed Texans in her district . "  Working in the office made me realize mailing some things puts a smile on people 's faces , whether you realize it or not , " Iqbal says . Iqbal is now pursuing a master 's degree in public administration -- a decision she says was inspired by her experience working with the congresswoman . "  Seeing her really care for her constituents made me think , ' I want to be like that . I want to be her , ' " she says . 5 . Leave with talking points for your next job interview A stacked resume is n't only good for netting internships ; it should ideally highlight those experiences to lure full-time employers . Adenjii did exactly that after DBD Social . She parlayed her experience planning parties and coordinating events into a career as a campus coordinator at her alma mater , Pace University . There , she draws from her internship experience on a daily basis . "  My internship was a major thing I was asked about on job interviews , " she says . Adjenjii says she frequently referenced her hands-on experience , while Iqbal says her internship was "  a conversation starter " on her resume . Lauren Berger of InternQueen.com recommends keeping a list of tasks completed . "  It not only makes you feel accomplished , it helps you build your resume , " she says . "  And on that list , I would pinpoint about two to three things you 've learned personally as well as professionally . " Senderoff says above all else , students should remember internships are temporary -- they provide a chance to experiment with different responsibilities and work environments . "  A great internship is an exploration of what you do n't want to do , " she says . And once you know what you want to do , use the internship experience to jumpstart your next career move . Related : How helicopter parents can ruin kids ' job prospects	In a structured internship program , there 's less room for busy work Good internship supervisors do n't just lead -- they also inspire Lauren Berger of InternQueen.com says to keep a list of tasks completed Expert : "  A great internship is an exploration of what you do n't want to do "
CNN  -- Based on profits , Sony Corp. is an outstanding company -- in life insurance sales and hit movies such as the "  Men in Black " and "  Spider-Man " franchises . But in the industry where Sony made its name -- consumer electronics -- the company needs a lifeline as it finishes its fiscal year with a record $ 6.4 billion loss . New CEO Kazuo Hirai , who took the helm on April 1 , promised Thursday to cut 10,000 jobs -- about 6 % of its workforce -- in the next year . Moreover , Hirai is refocusing the business away from its once mighty television division to focus on the core businesses of digital imaging , game and mobile products . "  Our entertainment and financial services are poised for future growth , " Hirai said . "  Our biggest challenge : Rebuilding and future growth of our electronics business .  That  wo n't come about by easy fixes or tricks . We must tackle it head-on . " The company plans to grow its medical instruments division , he said , and reinvest in research and design . "  We must surprise customers with innovative projects , that represents Sony 's return to glory . "  Now is the time for Sony to change , " he declared , a refrain throughout the hour-long press conference . Sony faced the same headwinds battling Japan Inc. the past year . The yen reached record highs , eroding profit margins for export-driven companies . Natural disasters hit balance sheets , with record floods in Thailand -- a center for offshore electronics production -- doing as much financial damage as the 2011 Tohoku quake and tsunami for some Japanese firms . Sony 's annus horribilis was further mired by the hacking of its popular PlayStation Network , compromising the personal data of more than 77 million users . But Sony 's problems predate these recent woes -- the conglomerate has failed to turn a profit for the past four years . "  If you look at the automobile industry in Japan , it did n't suffer as much as the electronics makers , " said Thomas Kang , research director for Strategy Analytics in Seoul . "  So you ca n't just blame the exchange rate -- there 's something else wrong here . " The problem , analysts say , represents an existential crisis for Sony : Does it want to be a content company or a gadget maker ? Hirai 's steps to scale down its television operations were long overdue , analysts said . "  The television business has n't made any more for the last eight years -- any rational manager would have shut that down by now , " said Ben Collett , head of Japanese equities for Louis Capital Markets . "  I do n't know how you can run a business that loses that kind of money . " The company 's share price under previous CEO Sir Howard Stringer hit a high of 7,150 yen in May 2007 in the wake of the company 's PlayStation3 release . But the price has dropped nearly 80 % in the past five years . "  My view on a stock is always relative to its price , and for a long time now there have been better stocks and better companies in almost every line of business that Sony is in , save possibly for its financial services business , " Collett said . For the company that revolutionized the electronics world with low-cost televisions and iconic devices such as the Walkman , the company 's core business is now an albatross around its neck -- outmaneuvered by more nimble companies such as Apple and undercut on price by competitors like Samsung . "  In the case of electronics , the life cycle is much shorter , there have been a lot of new breakthroughs , " Kung said . "  Sony did n't make the right choices when it had to , " such as sticking with plasma televisions while Samsung threw its resources into making lower-cost LCD models , Kung added . Or letting Apple and its iPod walk away with the portable music market Sony created . To be sure , Sony has taken steps toward returning to profitability . The company has also halved the amount of televisions it 's projected to sell in the next year . The company bought out partner Ericsson to try to regain a footing in the smartphone market . This month , Sony partnered with Toshiba and Hitachi to create Japan Display Inc. , a government-backed project to create smartphone displays . But Sony 's real problem , analysts say , is the company 's ability to steer its myriad businesses in the same direction . "  The number one thing is , they need a very strong control tower like Samsung and Apple , " Kung said . "  If you want to move fast , you have a strong control tower . " Hirai acknowledged this in Thursday 's press conference , saying the restructured company will be "  one Sony , one management . " Consumers and investors will wait see whether this new head of one of Japan 's iconic companies can succeed where predecessors have failed . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Jonathan Stayton contributed to this report	Sony 's new CEO has pledged to cut 10,000 jobs - about 6 % of its workforce Comes after the company finishes its fiscal year with a record $ 6.4 billion loss The iconic Japanese conglomerate has n't made a profit in four years The firm 's electronics business has been hit by low-cost competitors
New Orleans  CNN  -- Lee weakened to a tropical depression late Sunday , the National Hurricane Center reported , but not before dumping vast amounts of rain and causing extensive flooding in Gulf Coast states . The plodding storm had maximum sustained winds of 35 mph -- down considerably from earlier -- as it headed 7 mph in an east-northeasterly direction . Yet while it winds have died down , Lee remained a threat as it moved toward the Appalachians and points to the east and north , with its intense rains producing potential problems especially in already saturated areas . By Sunday night , state and local officials -- plus the Facebook page for Louisiana 's emergency management division and New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu -- had reported flooding in numerous Louisiana parishes including Iberia , Terrebone , Plaquemines , St. Bernard , St. Tammany and Jefferson . Mississippi also was hard hit . A news release Sunday from its emergency management agency pointed to several flooded roads and damaged homes in Hancock , Harrison , Jackson and Stone counties . And the website for Entergy , a major utility in the area , showed mostly pockets of power outages as far west as the Houston suburbs and as far north as Arkansas . Centered over southern Louisiana , the storm continued to pump out rain -- as much as 20 inches expected in spots through Monday night , according to the National Hurricane Center -- as it chugged northward Sunday toward the Tennessee Valley . In an advisory , the center warned , "  These rains are expected to cause extensive flooding . " The storm had caused numerous headaches , but not the devastation of last week 's Hurricane Irene , which killed more than 40 people and left millions without power . Nor has it compared with Hurricane Katrina , which killed more than 1,000 people in Louisiana , Mississippi and other Gulf states six years ago . Robert Green was one of those directly affected by Katrina , which killed his mother and granddaughter and caused much of his house to literally float away . On Sunday , the resident of New Orleans ' Lower Ninth Ward tracked the storm and prepared for the worst . "  We 're making sure that we keep up with what 's going on with the storm , so that what happened in 2005 does n't happen again , " he said . "  If you live in fear , you do n't live as well ... And you realize that you just have to be prepared and listen and move if you need to move . " In a press conference in New Orleans on Sunday afternoon , Landrieu characterized Lee as a "  very stubborn , persistent , slow-moving unpredictable event . " He noted that the storm , by then , had dumped 10 to 13 inches of rain on the city and brought wind gusts of up to 50 mph that caused minor flooding and prompted 60 calls to authorities for downed trees . Yet New Orleans is otherwise fully functional , with all 24 pump stations in the city "  100 % operational " and just more than 200 people without power , down significantly from Saturday , the mayor said . The mayor , though , warned residents not to be complacent , especially with continued tornado threats and rain bands that could dump between 2 to 4 inches at a time and cause flash floods . "  We 're not out of the woods yet , " Landrieu said . Other Gulf coast communities , however , have experienced more severe flooding . That includes the city of Mandeville , across Lake Pontchartrain , which was buried Sunday beneath feet of water . "  Normally there is a street here , " said Gerard Braud , who sent CNN iReport videos from flooded areas of the city Sunday . Mailboxes were barely sticking out over the water . In Plaquemines Parish , water pored over the top of levees and flooded parts of Highway 23 , prompting its closure , the parish said in a news release . Rapidly rising waters also trapped some cattle , which survived after being steered to higher ground . Coastal residents knew the storm was coming , and many took precautions . "  We are a sturdy people . All Gulf Coasters are willing and able to weather any storm , " said Andrew Kaile of Metairie , Louisiana , just west of New Orleans , in an iReport Saturday . In its 10 p.m. CT Sunday advisory , the National Hurricane Center reported that Lee 's center was expected to move across southern Mississippi overnight and Monday . "  Little change in strength is expected in the next day or so as Lee becomes an extra-tropical cyclone , " the center added . Over time , it is expected to dump considerable rain in the eastern part of the country -- including New Jersey , New York and Vermont , where grounds are drenched and rivers are already full after Irene . The hurricane center noted Sunday night that "  flooding rains  are  expected to spread from the Gulf Coast to the Appalachians . " "  It will ... be a long , slow trip through the Southeast into the Appalachians , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  Heavy rain and inland flooding continue to be the greatest concern . " Lee "  is expected to connect with a cold front moving through the Great Lakes today , " Jeras said Sunday . "  This will bring rain up and down the Eastern seaboard on Monday and will cause heavy travel delays for most major metropolitan areas on the Labor Day holiday . In addition , the cold front will bring 1 to 3 inches of rain to the already flood-weary Northeast , including Vermont and New York , that were hit hard by  Hurricane  Irene . " After being in effect for days , all tropical storm warnings for the Gulf Coast were discontinued Sunday night . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal had urged state residents Saturday to "  use extreme caution . " He noted that some roads were already flooded . Ten parishes issued emergency declarations and called on residents to pay attention to weather advisories and flood warnings . In Alabama , officials shut the Port of Mobile due to rough seas . By Sunday afternoon , water levels were as high as 2 to 4 feet above ground level over parts of the Louisiana coast , and up to 3 feet above ground level along the Mississippi and Alabama coasts , the hurricane center said . A storm surge of more than 2 feet was recorded just south of Morgan City , Louisiana , at Amerada Pass , the center said . The storm forced oil and gas producers to halt operations in the region amid threats of flooding in parts of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama . Some energy producers evacuated employees ahead of the storm . About 60 % of oil production in the Gulf and more than half of natural gas production have been shut down , according to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Lee is downgraded to a tropical depression late Sunday , the hurricane center says NEW : Its maximum sustained winds fall to 35 mph , but "  flooding rains " are still forecast Flooding and damages homes are reported Mississippi and Louisiana , officials says New Orleans mayor says despite 10-13 inches of rain , no major problems are reported
CNN  -- An Indiana judge Monday froze the assets of Marcus Schrenker , a suburban Indianapolis financial manager who authorities say tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane into a Florida swamp . Marcus Schrenker exited his small plane before it crashed , and investigators are looking for him , police say . Investigators looking into his business dealings for possible securities violations requested the temporary restraining order in Hamilton County Superior Court , said Jim Gavin , spokesman for the Indiana Secretary of State . He said the order , which also applies to Schrenker 's wife , Michelle , and to his three companies , is aimed at protecting investors , and is related to a receivership filing . He did n't elaborate . Heritage Wealth Management , Heritage Insurance Services and Icon Wealth Management are "  the subjects of an active investigation by the Indiana Securities Division , " Gavin said . Public documents list Schrenker as president of Heritage Wealth Management in Fishers , Indiana . A search warrant related to the inquiry was served December 31 , Gavin said . According to The Herald Bulletin in Anderson , Indiana , Michelle Schrenker filed for divorce in Hamilton Superior Court on December 30 . A hearing was set for February 5 . Schrenker , 38 , took off alone Sunday night in a corporate plane , a Piper PA-46 , from Anderson , Indiana , en route to Destin , Florida . Authorities said the Fisher , Indiana , businessman parachuted to the ground before letting the plane crash in the Florida panhandle . The craft came down near the Blackwater River , only 50 to 75 yards from homes , said Sgt. Scott Haines of the Santa Rosa County Sheriff 's Office . Watch more about the mysterious flight " "  It is a neighborhood -- some very nice waterfront property , " he said . Military aircraft from Whiting Field , which were dispatched to intercept the plane after Schrenker reported an emergency , witnessed the crash about 9:15 p.m. CT. . The crews fired flares and noticed the plane 's door was open and the cockpit was dark , Haines said in a news release . They got no response . Haines said the plane appeared to have been put on autopilot at around 2,000 feet , over the Birmingham , Alabama , area , before the pilot parachuted to the ground . Schrenker had contacted air traffic controllers , saying that the windshield imploded . "  The pilot stated that he was bleeding profusely , " the news release said . "  Radio contact with the plane was not able to be established after that point . When deputies located the plane at the crash site , no blood was present and the door to the plane was open . " The Childersburg , Alabama , Police Department reported that Schrenker approached one of its officers shortly before 2:30 a.m. , "  and said that he had been in a canoeing accident with some friends , " a news release said . Childersburg is about 35 miles southeast of Birmingham . Childersburg officers , unaware of the plane crash , took Schrenker to a hotel in nearby Harpersville . After hearing about the crash , they went back to the hotel , where they found that Schrenker had checked into the hotel under a fictitious name . "  When authorities entered Schrenker 's room , he was not there , " the release said . Authorities said Schrenker checked in under a fake name , put on a black cap and fled into a wooded area . Hotel manager Yogi Patel , who identified Schrenker on surveillance video , told CNN that Schrenker was the only guest overnight . He signed in as Jason Galouzs of Bolingbrook , Illinois , Patel said . A hotel employee said Schrenker went up to his room , but did n't enter before leaving the building . iReport.com : Are you near the crash site ? Tell us about it Steve Darlington , manager of Anderson Municipal Airport , told CNN the plane was in fine condition at takeoff , and said Schrenker is "  an accomplished pilot " who owns "  a couple of airplanes " and flies regularly . No agency has come forward to lead the probe . "  The FBI is looking into the matter , along with other agencies , " said Paul Draymond , of the Birmingham FBI office . Kathleen Bergen , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration , said several factors indicated the pilot likely left the plane before the crash : a "  detailed review of radar data , " the fact that the plane was switched to autopilot before it crashed , the sighting by military jet crews and the fact that the cockpit was found mostly intact with no one inside . After the pilot alerted air traffic controllers about the alleged problems with his plane , authorities tried to persuade him to land in Pell City , Alabama , east of Birmingham , Haines said . Schrenker also flew an acrobatic plane , and made a video featured on a YouTube site . A message preceding the video warns , "  No pilot should attempt this stunt . You will get yourself killed . Pilot specially trained to fly unlimited acrobatics and shows . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Authorities say pilot tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane Officials searching for Marcus Schrenker , who they say parachuted out of plane Investigators looking into possible securities violations request the restraining order Manager in Alabama says Schrenker was his only guest at hotel overnight
CNN  The suspect behind the knife attack on the American ambassador to South Korea had a long , troubled history and often blamed the U.S. for tensions in the Korean Peninsula . Kim Ki-Jong , 55 , was quickly overpowered and taken into custody after he attacked U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert with a fruit knife Thursday morning . Police say Kim 's motive for the attack was to improve North-South Korean relations and to stop the annual military exercises held jointly by the U.S. and South Korea . It was n't the first time Kim has taken drastic steps to make his point . -- In 2010 , Kim was given a suspended jail sentence for hurling a concrete block at a Japanese envoy to South Korea , according to the Yonhap news agency . That incident is believed to be the first attack on a foreign ambassador in South Korea . -- Kim allegedly harbored sympathies for North Korea , according to Korean media reports . Yonhap reported that Kim had visited North Korea six times between 2006 and 2007 , had attempted to erect a memorial for former North Korean leader , Kim Jong-il in Seoul , and once set himself on fire in front of the presidential office . -- He was frequently seen at protests , wearing a beret and blaming U.S. policies for straining relations between North and South Korea . Kim was a member of the Korea Council For Reconciliation and Cooperation , which hosted Lippert at the Thursday event where the attack occurred . The group advocates reunification of the Koreas as well as humanitarian aid to North Korea . Kim was one of its 181 members , but was n't on the list of those invited for the event , according to police . But he was allowed in because an event staff recognized him from the organization . A witness who was sitting next to Lippert during the attack said Kim was known for having "  unpredictable behavior " in the organization . Even though he appeared somewhat disheveled Thursday morning , he was able to enter the event because the staff was familiar with Kim , police said . Immediately after he allegedly slashed the ambassador in the face and arm , Kim was tackled to the floor . As he was transferred to a hospital Kim shouted , "  The South Korea-U.S. military drills must stop . " Every year , the United States and South Korea hold joint military drills , which both countries say are defensive and non-provocative in nature . But the exercises also draw criticism from the North Korean regime , which characterize the drills as rehearsals for an attack on the regime . Kim also told South Korean reporters that he had planned the attack for 10 days , and claimed responsibility for burning a U.S. flag at the embassy in the 1980s . A website associated with Kim , displayed a photo of him with protesters holding a sign that read : "  Stop war exercises that block North-South Korean dialogue . " The picture was taken at February 24 , in front of the U.S. embassy , according to his website . It also contains a picture of an American soldier inside a red crossed-out circle . On Thursday , Kim shouted at reporters , saying that the U.S. was to blame for blocking family reunions of North and South Koreans who have been separated since the Korean War . On the website , he lamented that "  the whole atmosphere of the Korean peninsula is freezing up like a frozen soil . " CNN 's KJ Kwon and Paula Hancocks in Seoul contributed to this report , as did CNN 's Judy Kwon and Sol Han from Hong Kong .	Suspect Kim Ki-jung was captured after U.S. ambassador was slashed in Seoul Kim had history of anti-U.S. sentiment and sympathies for North Korea
CNN  Can anything stop Pep Guardiola 's irresistible Bavarian machine ? It does n't look likely on this form . Five separate players scored as Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich thrashed a woeful Hamburg 8-0 at the Allianz Arena Saturday . Thomas Muller , Mario Gotze , Arjen Robben , Robert Lewandowski and Franck Ribery did the damage with Muller , Gotze and Robben each scoring twice . Bayern returns to Champions League action on Tuesday night against Shaktar Donetsk of the Ukraine but refused to rest up against its struggling northern opponents despite being three goals up at half time . The reigning German champions rolled in a further five goals after the break , maintaining its eight point lead atop the table over second placed Wolfsburg who were involved in a high scoring affair of an entirely different nature Saturday . A 93-minute goal from Bas Dost ensured Die Wolfe claimed a dramatic 5-4 victory over sixth-placed Bayer Leverkusen . The late strike was the Dutchman 's fourth goal of a pulsating game in which Wolfsburg had led 3-0 at half time before being pegged back at 4-4 in the closing stages . Leverkusen 's Heung-Min Sun also grabbed a hat-trick although the Korean 's star-showing was somewhat overshadowed by Dost 's match-winning heroics . In Saturday 's other Bundesliga fixtures , Borussia Dortmund 's mini-revival continued with a 4-2 victory at home to Mainz . The result lifts Jurgen Klopp 's men up to 16th position and clear of the relegation and playoff places where it has found itself in recent weeks . There was no such joy for VFB Stuttgart , however , which remains rooted to the foot of the table after going down 2-1 to HGV Hoffenheim . Elsewhere , an injry-time header from Borussia Moenchengladbach 's Granit Xhaka sealed a 1-0 win over regional rivals Cologne . However , the goal sparked scenes of anger among a group of Cologne fans dressed all in white who invaded the pitch and briefly clashed with police before order was restored .	Bayern Munich defeats Hamburg 8-0 Five separate players on scoresheet in Allianz Arena Wolfsburg wins classic , Dortmund moves out of relegation playoff places
CNN  Ferry van Tongeren believes that there are two types of people in the world : those who like dead animals , and those who do n't . Being a professional fine-art taxidermist , it 's obvious what category he places himself . "  I know it 's hard to believe , but the presence of death has nothing to do with it for me , " says the Dutch artist . "  It 's about shapes , color and construction , not death . But if you think it 's gross , I ca n't even start to explain the beauty to you . " Then , after a moment of reflection , he adds : "  I 'm not weird . " As part of the Darwin-Sinke-van-Tongeren collective -- which makes the unusual move of including Charles Darwin as a member -- van Tongeren and his artistic partner , Jaap Sinke , create extraordinary taxidermy artworks that have been and acclaimed all over the world . The pieces are inspired by the paintings of 17th Century painters like Jan Weenix , Melchior d'Hondecoeter and Adriaen van Olen , and have been called "  flamboyant 17th century luxury " The blend of retro-cool and exquisite workmanship led one reviewer to say that it "  elevates taxidermy to a higher plane " . There is no doubt : van Tongeren and Sinke -- who sport wild hair and beards and wear matching leather aprons -- are the hottest thing to happen to taxidermy in decades . Demand is growing for their work , with pieces selling for between # 2,000 and # 25,000 . n 25 November , their latest exhibition will be coming to the Shapero Rare Book store in London . Late starter Given these achievements , many find it hard to believe that van Tongeren has only been in the game for three years . "  I was 47 years old , and was running my own advertising agency , " he recalls . "  We were on a family holiday in New Zealand , and over dinner I just said to my wife , ' I know what I want to do . I want to be a taxidermist ' . "  It had never occurred to me before that day , and it changed my life overnight . " His wife "  has accepted it " , and his two children , he says , "  love it " . His 15-year-old son helps with the stuffing , and his six-year-old daughter likes it too -- though "  she gets a bit worried when I start stroking the cat . "  Van Tongeren has a cat and a dog , which he has no intention of stuffing . For now . Part of the secret to the duo 's success is the quality that is evident from their work . In some quarters taxidermy has become quite trendy over recent years , but it 's rare to find stuffed animals that can genuinely be mistaken for living creatures . "  We use the old-fashioned , Victorian methods , " he explains . "  In those days , labor was not so expensive so they took their time over everything . But now mass production has taken over , so speed has taken over . "  Most modern taxidermists buy a ready-made mannequin and stretch the skin over the top . "  But we take months over each animal . We do it as it should be done , and the results speak for themselves . It takes months rather than hours . " The beauty of death Among the works of art van Tangeren and Sinke have produced are a beautiful flamingo with raised wings ; a parrot with its feathers spread into an artistic action pose ; a monkey with its tail raised in a flamboyant circle ; and a red-billed , blue magpie , wings and tail stretched back as if in some magical flight . "  I love birds , " says van Tangeren . "  We have a network of breeders and zoos who give us a call when a rare animal dies . "  As an artist , it 's a big advantage to start with something beautiful in itself . You ca n't use paint to make colors like some birds have . The intensity of the colors and the layers of their feathers is breathtaking . " In retrospect , van Tangeren 's sudden epiphany three years ago was not such a surprise . Since he was a child , he says , he was fascinated by dead animals , and has been collecting skulls all his life .  The centerpiece of his collection is the skull of a duck-billed platypus . "  In a way , it 's about owning something beautiful , " he says . "  As a child you do n't really own anything , but when you find a skull , you have a feeling that this is something worth a lot . "  That is the feeling that has stayed with me . I know it 's hard to believe , but it 's about capturing and holding beauty , not death . " ` Avant gardens ' : When art , design and a whole load of plants collide Glamor and grieving : How the Victorians dressed for death Intoxicating investment : How some whisky lovers are now making millions This expressionist painted the world 's most radical nudes -- 100 years ago	Two Dutch artists are revolutionizing the world of taxidermy They have returned to Victorian techniques , producing works of exceptional quality It 's not about death , it 's about beauty , they say
BRYCEVILLE , Florida  CNN  -- Michael Ratley was known as a hero . Michael Ratley will spend the rest of his life in jail , without parole , for killing his wife with a hammer . In December 2006 , Ratley carried his 2-week-old son , Aiden , and his wife , Effie Ratley , 29 , from the flames as fire engulfed their Bryceville , Florida , trailer . Days after the fire , a teary-eyed Ratley told local media that love drove him to save their lives . "  I might have lost everything physical , but I 've still got my two most precious things , " Michael Ratley told CNN affiliate WJXT-TV at the time . A month later , Effie Ratley was dead , bludgeoned with a hammer in a bedroom of her in-laws ' home , not far from the trailer 's ashes on a dirt road marked only with a black arrow on a wooden sign . The man who was hailed as a hero for saving his wife was convicted in July of murdering her . On Tuesday , a Nassau County Court jury in Yulee , Florida , said he should spend the rest of his life in prison for the crime . Circuit Judge Robert Foster sentenced the 25-year-old to life without possibility of parole . What changed a heroic husband into a hammer-wielding wife killer ? Hero gets life for murder " During the trial , no motive was offered . On January 27 , 2007 , with his parents downstairs watching TV with the door shut and his infant son in the other room , prosecutors said , Ratley put on a pair of thick black gloves , grabbed a heavy-duty hammer and went into the bedroom where his wife was lying down after taking some medication . He lifted the hammer and "  savagely and brutally beat her on the head over and over " -- at least seven times , said Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda . During the trial , Ratley said he had nothing to do with the slaying . His defense lawyers argued that an intruder , who Ratley alleged attacked him in the barn the night before , was the culprit . But prosecutors said that was part of Ratley 's plan , setting up for a scenario in which an intruder killed his wife by cutting the wire on their window . Testifying on Tuesday , his friends and family spoke of him as a church-going , gentle man who always went out of his way to help others -- the elderly at a nursing home , a neighbor whose husband was slain and sick family members . "  He has always been a caring , nonviolent person , " said his mother , Cindy Ratley . "  He 'd give you the shirt off his back . " Cindy Ratley said it had been her dream to have her close-knit family living together on her secluded 20 acres . Witnesses for Ratley tried in court to give a picture of the son , grandson , and friend they said he had always been , with the defense calling the murder a "  single , horrible snapshot " in Ratley 's overwhelmingly positive life . They urged the jury to give Ratley 's son a chance to know his father , one who cares and loves deeply for him , they said . As his mother and others left the witness stand in the packed and divided courtroom , they each told Ratley they stood behind him and loved him . As they walked back to sit down , many mouthed , "  I love you . " The prosecutors argued Ratley 's character could n't be clearer , based on his actions . "  Unfortunately , the best example we have of his character is in what he did . This shows his best character , " de la Rionda said , showing the jurors gruesome photos of Effie Ratley 's injuries . De la Rionda disputed the description of Ratley as a wonderful father . "  This loving father had no problem whatsoever -- a short distance from his son -- exterminating the life of his son 's mother , " he said . Michael Ratley met Effie Williams when she was having car trouble . He offered to buy a new tire for her and change it . Effie Ratley , who enjoyed listening to '50s music and watching black-and-white movies , was thrilled when she and her husband had their baby , her family told the court Tuesday . "  Her son was her pride and joy , " said her stepmother , Joy Williams , wearing a purple and pink "  Justice for Effie " bracelet . "  But she never knew more than six weeks of her motherhood dreams . " By all accounts , the Ratleys ' relationship had its rocky points . They were married , separated and remarried . Michael Ratley 's family said that the first time the couple got married , they were worried he was n't mature enough , that he needed to grow up , and they said the couple definitely had growing pains . "  He did n't know if he could love her enough , because he only wanted the best for her , " Donna Stanley said , talking about her nephew . Effie Ratley 's father , Duane Williams , cried on the stand Tuesday as he talked about his only daughter . His voice quivered as he tried to explain how he feels her loss each day . "  She 's the first thing I think about in the morning when I wake up , " he said , his voice wavering . "  And the last thing before I go to bed . " Neither Effie or Michael Ratley 's families wanted to speak about the sentencing after the hearing , but de la Rionda said Effie 's family was pleased with the result . "  They were always hoping for -LSB- the -RSB- death -LSB- penalty -RSB- , but they 're happy he 's going to get life and he 's not going to be able to get out , " de le Rionda said . "  He 's going to die in prison . " While the announcement of the sentence , which spared him from death , was greeted with a pronounced "  Yes ! " from Michael Ratley 's family inside court , the gravity of the situation seemed to hit during a short recess . His grandmother began sobbing . Family members comforted her until Cindy Ratley sat down next to her . The two cried and embraced for a couple of minutes . Michael Ratley looked over , saw his grandmother upset , and he , too , began to cry .	Michael Ratley , 25 , sentenced to life without parole for murdering wife Prosecutors : Ratley beat wife with hammer four weeks after rescuing her from fire Family says Ratley was gentle man ; attorneys call murder "  single , horrible snapshot " Effie Ratley 's family recall her spirit , love for newborn son
CNN  -- Sure , the GPS on your phone or dedicated device can get you from Point A to Point B on the interstate , frustrating "  Calibrating ... calibrating ... " moments aside . But a new move in mobile tech is seeing startups who want to help you find the store you 're looking for in the mall , turn around when you 're getting farther from your terminal at the airport or figure out where your friends are in an expansive convention hall . And the big guys of the tech world are taking notice . Apple has bought a company called WiFiSLAM , a 2-year-old Silicon Valley-based startup focused on indoor GPS , the company has confirmed to the Wall Street Journal and other outlets . The reported price was $ 20 million . That move makes sense for Apple , which in the last year has attempted , with varying degrees of success , to go head-to-head with rival Google in the mapping space . The last several versions of Google Maps have included indoor navigation , at least for locations that have been mapped by the computing giant on its expansive database . Google says it has mapped more than 10,000 buildings in 13 countries . With the Big Two going at it , other companies have teamed up . Sony , Samsung , Nokia and others formed the In-Location Alliance last fall to advance indoor mapping . WiFiSlam , which up until now had been shopping out its system to independent app developers , is one of several startups that are marrying traditional GPS coordinates with smartphone tools like accelerometers and compasses to get more precise coordinates . Those are the same tools used by fitness-oriented digital pedometers to track the number of steps a user has taken , their speed , the distance they 've climbed and other location-based data . The company claims to be able to pinpoint the user 's location indoors within about 8 feet . Most GPS features , designed for outdoor travel , can pinpoint the user within about 30 feet . "  This accuracy will change how you interact with indoor environments , " co-founder Anand Atreya , one of the former Stanford University students who started WiFiSLAM , told the MIT Technology Review in 2011 . "  Think about going to the supermarket . We can provide information relevant to the product right in front of you . " Depending upon the app that 's built on it , the opposite can , of course , be true , too . Theoretically , indoor GPS could be used to let the grocery store know where you are and digitally shout at you that those bananas in front of you are two bunches for $ 1 today only . Like Google Maps , WiFiSLAM and other new indoor navigators require some advance work . Someone must have mapped out a building with the tool for it to accurately give a good sense of things in a building . So , presumably , any mapping tool Apple offers likely will be available for major locations in major cities first , before spreading elsewhere . "  I could walk into your building and have Wi-Fi location working within an hour , " Atreya told the MIT review . Presumably , a mall , hospital , grocery store or convention center could create its own app using indoor GPS .  But not WiFiSLAM 's now . By Monday afternoon , virtually its entire official presence online had been scrubbed , including , not surprisingly , its spot in the Google Play store  . Of course , with any tool designed to track the user 's every move , privacy becomes in issue . Google , Apple and other tech and Web heavyweights like Facebook are n't in the business of giving away services ; they need to find a way to make money from them . Consumers who want to use such products ca n't expect to get them for free and have complete privacy , Loo Wee Teck , head of consumer electronics research for Euromonitor International , told tech blog ZDNet . "  Users have to make their own judgment when using them , while companies have to thread a tightrope to ensure they do not enrage the users , " he said .	Apple buy highlights growing "  indoor GPS " capabilities Tools give users directions inside malls , hospitals , convention halls Tech combines GPS with accelerometers , compasses in phones Privacy is a concern for some potential users
The Frisky  -- When I try to explain my ardor for HBO 's trashy-fabulous soap opera "  True Blood " to my dude friends , they either shrug and change the topic , or question whether I 've been writing for ladyblogs for too long and am suffering from a form of Stockholm Syndrome . Dudes just do n't dig bloodsuckers , since vampires pretty much look like girls . We prefer zombies , because we love chainsaws , flamethrowers , and samurai swords . And because , on some level , we know that besides being vehicles for sperm , our other important , if lesser , genetic imperative is to defend our loved ones from hordes of unthinking , flesh-eating metaphors for current social anxieties . To most guys , vampires are the monster movie equivalent of that sensitive man-sponge in college who plays acoustic guitar in order to seduce chicks . They 're what you get when you cross your average Renaissance Fair enthusiast with a mosquito . And what 's with their greatest weaknesses being most kinds of Italian food , Sunday school , and the sun , which helps flowers grow ? Really ? Why women find date-rapey parasites who wear capes compelling must have something to do with deeply primal fears . A vampire is a monster , who looks , acts , and talks like a man . Who is passionate , romantic , and tortured . To surrender to this character is to play with fire . The vampire , in many ways , is the prototype of the bad boy . Women love bad boys - they 're exciting , and the chance to change him , to break him like a horse , must be an irresistible challenge . If self-destruction were n't seductive on some superficial level , then no one would ever need rehab . But I am like most guys in that I am a fan of zombie flicks . "  28 Days Later " may possibly be my favorite movie ever . I 'm also a fan of alien and robot movies , but more often than not , it seems women are more adept at dispatching those . Zombie movies indulge male power-fulfillment fantasies . We enjoy pretending to be dragon-slaying knights or bad-guy-perforating cowboys or Bruce Willis , saving our ex-wife from a skyscraper full of terrorists . The Frisky : Compliments guys take as insults Before any feminist blood vessels burst , let me explain that this fantasy goes hand-in-hand with a male-specific fear that speaks to ancient genetic programming . That for all our swagger , testosterone , and machismo , we can not protect those we love . The disaster call for women and children to evacuate first is n't chivalry , inasmuch as it 's evolutionarily smarts . The women and children will continue the species ; the men are disposable . We fear being useless , especially once we have issued forth our baby-making essence . The Frisky : Where all the good guys are In "  True Blood , " the vampire Bill has decided to change himself , to fight his ferocious nature . He struggles to be a better , um , corpse . He rejects the cold , bloodthirsty vampirism of his peers , and tries to embrace those human virtues he once had : selflessness , mercy , kindness , and justice . In some ways , he 's less a vampire and more a superhero . Then he falls in love with someone he is told he should n't . And his love for Sookie , a human woman , is a choice he has made , regardless of the scorn heaped upon him by the undead and the living alike . He protects her , despite his fears that he is completely impotent , powerless to defend her from a world that despises them both . And she returns the favor , despite her fears that underneath sweet words and passion is an animal waiting to pounce . A little bit for men and women . The Frisky : Ways men try to impress women I watch "  True Blood " because chicks will dig it when I can talk about Eric and Maryann and Action Stackhouse ; it 's how I "  open " a pick-up artist-style "  set . " My knowledge of "  True Blood " will help me convince turbo-hotties to come back to my sweet fourth-floor walk-up in Queens , where I will love them forever , or until I have to call the unemployment office at 10 a.m. , whichever comes first . Sigh . Oh forget it . I love this show , without condition . I love that Alan Ball followed up his twee meditation on mortality , "  Six Feet Under , " with a show that 's just about hot sexing and gratuitous gore . It 's a soft-core comic book , nothing more , nothing less . I fully accept that there 's a part of me that will always be a pear-shaped teenage goth girl . I mean , I 'm reading the "  True Blood " books , for the love of Godric . Horror movies , books , and television shows reflect our collective fears , and "  True Blood " is awesome because it sneaks male fears into a female-oriented program . Also : because all the women are hot and sometimes they show their chest . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Writer says the vampire , in many ways , is the prototype of the bad boy Women love bad boys and the chance to change him , writer says Zombie movies indulge male power-fulfillment fantasies , columnist says Writer says av ampire is a monster , who looks , acts , and talks like a man
Miami  CNN  -- The 4-year-old girl sobbed as rescuers rushed her ashore . In the boat behind her , the faces of her fellow survivors were painted with "  a thousand-yard stare , " one witness said Monday . That girl and three others spent 20 hours stranded in stormy water after their 22-foot boat capsized off the Florida Keys over the weekend . They were picked up Sunday afternoon by Coast Guard rescuers . A few hours earlier , David Jensen was maneuvering the Snap Shot , his fishing charter boat , from Duck Key to the open sea when he and others "  saw a big object floating in the distance . " "  The closer I got , I could see a guy waving , " Jensen said . They found three men clinging to part of what had been their boat . One charter customer quickly jumped in to help , while others threw life jackets to the men , only one of which could muster the energy to swim over , Jensen said . Once aboard , a language barrier -- the rescued men were Spanish-speaking -- and raw emotions made it difficult to ascertain exactly what had happened . One who did speak English was very upset : "  He lost his mother , " Jensen explained . Officer Robert Dube of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said Monday that a son had tried to hold onto his 79-year-old mother in the hours after their ship went down around noon Saturday . But she slipped away into the rough waters , Dube said , before rescuers could reach her . This victim , later identified as Zaida San Jurjo Gonzalez , and the men had clung to the capsized boat 's hull . But four others -- three women and the young girl -- could n't hold on , and drifted off , Jensen said , based on his conversations with the survivors and authorities . The charter boat captain contacted the Coast Guard after learning others were unaccounted for , and he took his boat out five miles in the direction where the four had drifted away . He saw no signs of them . But rescuers did come upon the four Sunday morning , bringing them aboard near Marathon , which is roughly halfway between Key Largo and Key West , according to a Coast Guard statement Authorities later learned that the three women , wearing life jackets , had held tight to a floating cooler and took turns holding the girl through the afternoon , night and next morning . "  That definitely saved their lives , " Dube told CNN . "  It could have been a lot worse situation . " Wayne Crosby of Captain Hook 's Marina and Dive Center said he watched rescuers bring the four to a dock in Marathon on Sunday . They handed the girl off the boat first , he told CNN affiliate WSVN . "  They had her all wrapped up . ... She could n't stop crying . She was panic-stricken , " Crosby said . At the dock , rescuers scrambled to tend to all the victims . "  They just had that look on their face , like a thousand-yard stare , " Crosby told WSVN . The group had suffered multiple jellyfish stings over the course of their ordeal , Dube said . And by Monday , the 4-year-old had been treated for mild hypothermia and exhaustion . But the wildlife officer added that , by then , she appeared to be "  in very good spirits . " Ernie Perroncello , owner and operator of Sea Tow in Marathon , said weather in the area Saturday when the boat went down was terrible . "  You can get yourself in trouble real quick " on the area 's water , said Perroncello , whose company salvaged the capsized boat . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : A charter captain describes coming upon three men clinging to a capsized boat NEW : He says one was upset because "  he lost his mother , " who had slipped away The Coast Guard later rescued four more who 'd been on the boat , including a young girl A witness says the girl "  could n't stop crying " when rescuers brought her ashore
CNN  -- Tuesday , Attorney General Eric Holder delivers a major speech on voting rights at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Presidential Library in Austin , Texas . The location is significant : In 1965 , President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law , a landmark piece of civil rights legislation that banned the worst forms of racial discrimination in American elections . Over the past five decades , the VRA and other federal and state election reforms have greatly expanded access to the ballot box . As a testament to their success , the 2008 presidential electorate was the largest and most demographically diverse in the history of the United States . But the protections the VRA affords have not lost their relevance , or their indispensability . In the past year , lawmakers in 40 states have introduced legislation that would make it harder for all eligible Americans to vote -- and harder disproportionately for people of color , young Americans , and our seniors . Some Southern states , like Florida , South Carolina , and Texas , have not only passed legislation restricting the right to vote , but also have refused to comply with their responsibilities under the VRA . The law requires certain states with histories of voting discrimination to submit any change in election law to the U.S. Department of Justice for "  preclearance " before it can be implemented . Because these states for so long flaunted an obstinate refusal to allow African-Americans equal access to the voting booth , the VRA requires they demonstrate that new changes will not have a discriminatory effect . South Carolina and Texas both passed requirements that voters present restrictive forms of government-issued photo ID at polling places , even though 25 % of African-Americans and 19 % of Latinos lack the necessary form of ID . After passing their laws , both of these states filed preclearance letters with DOJ , but neither could explain how the new law avoided repeating an abhorrent history of discrimination . Florida severely restricted voter registration drives , although minority voters register through drives at twice the rate of white voters . The Sunshine State also cut early voting , the process through which more than half of the state 's African-Americans cast ballots in 2008 . Florida implemented its restrictive bill in violation of the VRA and only submitted the legislation for preclearance after it was sued in federal court . When DOJ questioned the discriminatory impact of these changes , Florida removed the most controversial parts of its law from the department 's consideration and instead asked a federal court to excuse it from its obligations under the VRA . These states are seemingly unable and have clearly failed to craft election laws that will affect all equally . And , apparently , they do n't even want to . Rather than work toward solutions that allow more eligible Americans to vote , some states have filed lawsuits arguing that parts of the VRA -- one of our nation 's most successful pieces of civil rights legislation -- are unconstitutional . Ensuring that all citizens can exercise their right to vote extends beyond just those states with significant histories of race discrimination . In 2011 , many other states have embarked on voter suppression efforts . In a new report , "  Defending Democracy , " the NAACP and NAACP Legal Defense Fund examine the past year 's assault on voting , demonstrating that the "  onslaught of restrictive measures " was "  designed to stem electoral strength among communities of color . " This is only the latest in a series of reports highlighting the wrongheadedness of this movement against voting rights . Earlier this month , the Democratic National Committee 's Voting Rights Institute released a major report which said Republicans have undertaken this effort purely for partisan gain . Earlier this year , the Brennan Center for Justice and Advancement Project also released substantial reports . Testifying before Congress in November , Holder said that legislation aimed at voter suppression is "  inconsistent with what we say we are as a nation . " I could n't agree more . Johnson signed the VRA to ensure that the right to vote extended to all Americans , regardless of their race . The VRA was more than just another federal law ; it was -- and remains -- the embodiment of years of struggle , resulting from countless sacrifices of brave men and women who built the civil rights movement . We must not allow a new generation of restrictions to condition the right to vote on arbitrary qualifications and discriminatory rules . I welcome Holder 's voice to the chorus of millions of Americans who have defended the sanctity of the vote . And I hope that DOJ will continue to move our nation forward and protect every eligible citizen 's fundamental right to vote . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	The reforms of the 1965 Voting Rights Act are under threat , says Donna Brazile Brazile : Lawmakers in 40 states have introduced legislation that would make it harder to vote Voting would be harder especially for people of color , the young and seniors , she says The Department of Justice must continue to safeguard American voting rights , Brazile says
CNN  -- The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has hit "  unprecedented " proportions , according to relief workers on the ground , with the WHO reporting 844 cases including 518 deaths since the epidemic began in March . There is no cure or vaccine to treat Ebola , but the aid agency MSF has shown it does n't have to be a death sentence if treated early . Ebola typically kills 90 % of patients but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 60 % . One man who survived the disease describes how the virus took hold . How did you contract Ebola ? I am an agronomist and I have two children , one boy and one girl . I work in the pharmacy at the health center of Gueckedou in southern Guinea . When my father was hospitalized at the health center I naturally volunteered to be at his bedside so other family members would not have to make the daily trek of tens of kilometers , traversing the trails between their village and the facility . I cleaned him when he vomited and also did his laundry . I also often gave him food and drink . He had diarrhea at least eight times per day but I did not know he was suffering from Ebola . Five days after being hospitalized , -LSB- my father -RSB- passed away . After his death the medical staff realized he had presented Ebola symptoms and as I had close contact with him , it meant that I was at risk . So they told me that I needed to be followed up for 21 days and if ever I felt a small fever I had to come to the health center . The countdown then started for me : after nine days I got fever and this persisted until the 11th day . Finally I went to the treatment center -- where I did an Ebola test which was positive . What were the symptoms ? How did you feel while you were ill ? I first got a fever which persisted . My body temperature reached nearly 40C  104 degrees Fahrenheit  . After that I had diarrhea , vomits , dysentery and hiccups -LSB- all symptoms of Ebola -RSB- . I went to the toilet several times a day and I felt so tired and uncomfortable . How and where were you treated ? I received medical assistance at the Ebola treatment center , put in place at the health centre of Gueckedou . The medical staff provided me with oral medications and infusions . They also provided me with food . I suffered at lot in the beginning with diarrhoea and hiccups but with the treatment I started to feel better . What was the initial reaction in your home village after you recovered ? Joy , for my family because everyone thought that I would not survive this disease as many others people had died . However before the medical staff released me to go back to my family they tested me three times to make sure that I really had recovered . Afterwards they gave me a certificate of discharge . They also visited my family , the leaders and elders of my community to inform them that I had recovered and I was no longer contagious . Despite this , I was stigmatized . Some people avoided me in the beginning but now , over time , they have learned to accept me . Now they call me "  anti-Ebola . " You 're now working with Red Cross volunteers in Guinea to raise awareness of the disease : what lessons are passing on ? I am part of a team of Red Cross volunteers , visiting communities , raising awareness on how to prevent the spread of the disease . One of the messages I try to pass on to the communities is to go early to the health center when sufferers first feel symptoms . The treatment is free of charge . People there will give you food and clothes and you can get a chance to survive . What 's your message for the outside world about Ebola ? How can they help ? Everyone should be mobilized . We need to educate people and increase the sensitization . This is the key to stop the dangerous disease Ebola . Many people have already died , that is why I participate in activities -LSB- to educate people -RSB- . I urge people to go the isolation and treatment centres if they experience the earliest symptoms of the disease , to increase their chance of being cured and surviving .	The WHO reported 844 cases including 518 deaths since the Ebola epidemic began in March Saa Sabas says he caught the virus from his father who died from the disease Despite recovering , he says he was stigmatized by his community "  Now , over time , they have learned to accept me . Now they call me ` anti-Ebola , ' " he says
CNN  -- It 's been eight years since Daniel Radcliffe , Emma Watson and Rupert Grint first hopped on the Hogwarts Express , and the three have done little else since . Daniel Radcliffe , Emma Watson and Rupert Grint have kept each other "  level-headed , " said Radcliffe . Now that the ride will soon come to an end , the cast is trying to fathom a life without the Harry Potter films -- an understandable difficulty , considering that they 've grown up along with their characters . The other item showing its age is the storyline of the sixth installment , "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . " Part humor and part horror with a healthy dose of hormones , "  Half-Blood Prince " is clearly more attuned for an audience who , like the cast , are no longer in grade school . "  On the one hand , we have all this light romance and snogging , and on the other hand , people are getting killed , and bridges are being blown up , " director David Yates said . Potter 101 : A guide to Harry Potter " Heavy stuff , certainly , but it 's a challenge on par with the stars ' blossoming careers . Hear , see and read how the characters have grown " One can only imagine that by now , the Potter series feels like home to Daniel Radcliffe , who landed the title role at 11 after playing supporting roles in the BBC 's "  David Copperfield " and the 2001 film "  The Tailor of Panama . " " -LSB- Without it -RSB- , to be honest , I do n't know what I would 've done , " said Radcliffe , who turns 20 on July 23 . "  I had ` Copperfield , ' but at that point I was n't even dreaming about -LSB- acting -RSB- being a career then . " Since then , Radcliffe has grown into international stardom , reportedly earning $ 25 million per Potter film . Indeed , the actor has gotten raves away from the movie theater : In London and on Broadway , Radcliffe took on the role of Alan Strang , the mentally disturbed stable boy in Peter Shaffer 's "  Equus , " which required him to strip naked in the play 's final scene . Radcliffe has also taken on roles in "  December Boys " and the TV movie "  My Boy Jack , " and he is eager to keep at it long after the Potter series wraps . So what about directing , then ? Only time will tell , Radcliffe said . "  For now , I want to keep acting , " the actor said . "  I do n't think I know enough about the technical sides yet to even consider directing . It would be something that I 'm interested in , but it would be a long , long way off . " As for Watson , when she 's not occupied with filming , she can be found in the pages of fashion magazines -- including the advertisements . Having landed covers for both Teen Vogue and the UK version of Elle within the past few months , it 's no wonder that the 19-year-old was chosen to be the face of Burberry 's autumn line . Going from tween wizard to fashion icon is quite a leap , but it 's one that appears to fit Watson well ; how many other Hogwarts students can count Karl Lagerfeld among their friends ? Like her co-star Rupert Grint  Ron  , Watson did n't have any acting experience when she auditioned for "  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone " at age 9 . She managed to beat out thousands of other girls for the role of Hermione , a part she 's said was "  life or death " for her . Now that the series is close to its end , the actress is eager to try new things . "  I would 've told myself not to take it so seriously and to try to have as much fun as you can , " Watson said she would 've advised her younger self . But similar to her Potter character , Hermione , Watson is eager to hit the books after the series concludes . The actress confirmed that she plans to start college in the United States this fall . For Grint , the future is a bit more unclear . "  I do n't know what I 'm going to be doing , really , " the actor told the Los Angeles Times . "  I 'm going to miss it , I think , because I 've been doing this my whole life . " Despite his start as an unknown -- Grint reportedly submitted hip-hop lyrics describing his character to snag the part of Ron Weasley -- he 's arguably been the most adventurous of his co-stars , having played opposite Paul Giamatti in the 2002 family comedy "  Thunderpants " and starring in 2009 's sexually charged thriller "  Cherrybomb . " His third film outside the Potter series will be the indie "  Wild Target , " co-starring another British sensation , Emily Blunt . iReport.com : Share your reviews of the latest "  Potter " Whatever their plans , all three have a few years to go before they hang up their magic wands ; the last installment of "  Harry Potter " is being filmed in two parts , and the final film wo n't premiere until 2011 . And , Radcliffe said , they 've helped each other cope with fame over the years . He said that on the red carpet , " -LSB- the fans are -RSB- cheering for a kind of person they see in newspapers and in interviews and in films , and that 's a different person to you . You have to keep that -- that persona -- and the person you actually are as separate as you possibly can , and then you will avoid becoming arrogant . " Which is why it helps to have two people who know you well , on set and off . "  I think we 've all kept each other pretty level-headed over the years , " Radcliffe said . CNN 's Doug Ganley and Neil Curry contributed to this story .	With "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " Potter film series almost done Daniel Radcliffe plans to keep acting ; he 's gotten raves for stage work Emma Watson is face of Burberry , planning to go to college Rupert Grint plans to do more films
CNN  Rising wages , sagging property prices , inflation : all of China 's indicators point to a slowdown of its powerhouse economy in 2015 . After decades of double-digit growth , China slumped back into single digits in 2012 as stimulus money from the global financial crisis began to dry up . With the latest GDP figures showing growth of just 7.3 %  GDP growth regularly stood around 11 % in the lead up to 2008  the September quarter of 2014 was one of the slowest since the crisis . Analysts said China may even fail to hit its targets for the first time . While these problems may be giving Beijing pause for thought , for China 's regional neighbors in Cambodia , Vietnam , Bangladesh , Laos and beyond , a China slump is good news . Cheaper labor Not only is the rising cost of the Chinese workforce pushing many manufacturers to seek cheaper labor offshore , but China 's slackening demand for some natural resources has been a boon for the rest of South East Asia . Brent crude has fallen more than a third over the year , hitting a four-year low of US$ 76.76 a barrel this month . For countries in South East Asia that heavily subsidize energy to fuel their economies , the China slowdown is a welcome respite . "  Chinese garment manufacturers have been pouring into Asia 's low-wage countries such as Cambodia , Vietnam and Bangladesh , accelerating these countries ' industrialization and urbanization , and creating millions of new jobs , " Doug Clayton of frontier investor Leopard Capital told CNN . It 's a drift that is likely to benefit China 's neighbors for some time to come , he said . "  This trend will continue until the surplus rural labor pool is mopped up and the wage gap narrows , " continued Clayton . "  If China 's wage inflation continues ,  this situation  could last another 5-10 years at least . " Bright prospects While the exporting economies in the region may take a hit in the short-term , he said the long-term picture is encouraging . "  Frontier markets tend to export commodities to China , so the falling resource prices hurt their rural economies , " he said . "  On a macro level , however , lower oil prices help offset the pain , since most frontier economies are oil importers . " China 's planned economy , too , also means that Beijing looks at its economic prospects in terms of decades rather than financial quarters . "  China 's appetite for financing and building infrastructure projects across its borders seems undiminished by its economic slowdown , " Clayton said . "  The country 's leaders have a long-term viewpoint and see strategic benefits in opening new markets and expanding prosperity in countries within its sphere of influence . "  These mega-projects also help employ surplus Chinese workers and showcase China 's engineering capabilities . " China still growing For many analysts , however , China 's economy is still on an upward trajectory despite concerns over credit bubbles , property slumps and general slowdowns . "  China 's economy is slowing but it 's still growing , " Ben Simpfendorfer , founder and manager of Silk Road Associates , told CNN . "  It 's larger than the combined value of Brazil , Russia or India 's own GDPs . "  We spent the last few months speaking with regional CEOs from some of the world 's biggest multinationals and they all say the same thing ; yes the country is growing but it 's growing in complexity . " He said it is important for investors to now segment their markets to make sure that a product or service is reaching the right people and the right geographies . "  If you 're a bit more sophisticated in your approach , you can make good money in China . " Crucial reforms Analysts say much will hinge on whether the government of Xi Jinping can institute bold and scheduled reforms to its highly regulated domestic capital markets and to interest rates . In the meantime , however , the landscape for the other emerging economies in the region has never been better , said Thomas Hugger CEO and Fund Manager for Asia Frontier Capital . "  Frontier markets have lower income and labor costs so countries in Asia like Vietnam , Bangladesh , Cambodia , Pakistan , will benefit and it will have a dramatic impact in those societies or economies . "  More and more people go from the rural areas to the big cities they start earning salaries , start consuming , start using medical services and healthcare and that 's where we have a major focus when we invest . " He said the pendulum was now swinging in favor of other emerging markets in the Asia regions as they gained market share from China . "  The cycle started 40 or 50 years ago in Hong Kong , moved to Taiwan and then to China and now it 's time to move to other places , " he said . Read this : Asia 's love affair with cosmetics Watch panel debate : The rise of the Chinese middle-class Read this : The rise of the Chinese middle-class	All of China 's economic indicators point to a slowdown in 2015 as wages rise and inflation takes holds The slowdown presents a good opportunity for emerging markets to take some of China 's market share Chinese companies are already seeking out lower labor costs in countries across the Asia region Experts say the prospects for countries such as Bangladesh , Cambodia , Pakistan have never been better
Berlin  CNN  -- Two doctors who performed breast enlargement surgery on a German porn actress have been charged with negligent manslaughter after the woman 's death , a prosecutor 's spokesman said . The 23-year-old woman , identified only as "  Sexy Cora , " fell into a coma during the surgery at the Alster Clinic in Hamburg on January 11 , according to Wilhelm Moellers , the spokesman for the Hamburg state prosecutor . She died Thursday . Doctors who responded to an emergency call to the clinic called police and filed charges that started the investigation of the clinic , Moellers said . A statement from the clinic said the doctors were "  extremely upset and deeply regret the death of patient C.W. " and that they are giving "  full and complete support " to investigators . "  As matters stand currently a defect in the anesthetizing device can be ruled out , " the clinic statement said . "  The claim that the monitoring could have given readings other than the actual vital functions of the patient has nothing to do with the facts and has no connection to reality . " An autopsy will take place next week and the cause of death "  is still unclear , " Moellers said . "  Erroneous behavior by the doctors is unproven and at this point just an ` assessment ' by one of the emergency medical personnel who 'd brought Ms. W to the University Clinic Hamburg , " the clinic said . "  Why the emergency doctor only appeared 20 to 25 minutes after the alarm was called is currently being checked . "	"  Sexy Cora " died nine days after breast enhancement surgery The porn actress fell into a coma during the procedure , a prosecutor says Two doctors face negligent manslaughter charges "  Erroneous behavior by the doctors is unproven , " the clinic says
Washington  CNN  -- Small pocketknives and an array of sporting equipment -- banned from aircraft cabins in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- will once again be allowed in U.S. planes , the head of the Transportation Security Administration said Tuesday . Knives with blades that are 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  or shorter and less than a 1/2 inch wide will be permitted on U.S. airline flights as long as the blade is not fixed or does not lock into place . Razor blades and box cutters are still not permitted . Two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks or pool cues -- will also be allowed in carry-on luggage . Transportation Security Administration head John Pistole said the changes will take effect April 25 and will bring the United States into alignment with international rules . Some security experts say security improvements since the attacks -- most notably reinforced cockpit doors , better intelligence and motivated passengers -- have made the strict prohibition of small pen-knives unnecessary . Pistole said the changes are in keeping with his "  risk-based security " initiative and will permit airport screeners to focus on looking for bomb components , which present a greater threat to aircraft , instead of lesser threats . But a union representing 90,000 flight attendants called the measure "  a poor and short-sighted decision by the TSA . " "  Continued prohibition of these items is an integral layer in making our aviation system secure and must remain in place , " according to a statement by the Coalition of Flight Attendant Unions . Although it was widely reported that the 9/11 hijackers used "  boxcutters " in their attack , the weapons were not recovered , and investigators believe other types of knives were used . At a January 2004 hearing of the 9/11 Commission , a commission staff member said , "  Our best working hypothesis is that a number of the hijackers were carrying -- permissible under the regulations in place at the time -- permissible utility knives or pocket knives . " The commission displayed a Leatherman knife , saying , "  We know that at least two knives like this were actually purchased by the hijackers and have not been found in the belongings the hijackers left behind . " Immediately after the attacks , the TSA prohibited a wide range of items from aircraft , but it has gradually been reintroducing some banned items such as cigarette lighters and matches . On occasion , such as a liquid bomb scare in August 2006 , the TSA has expanded the list , banning large containers of liquids and gels . Under the TSA 's risk-based security , Pistole has sought to "  reduce the haystack , " giving modified screening to travelers under age 12 and over age 75 . It has also expanded its TSA PreCheck initiative , which expedites checks of known passengers . TSA spokesman David Castelveter said the changes announced Tuesday will not slow down the screening process by requiring screeners to measure knife blades and weigh plastic bats . Screeners will use "  common sense " when applying the rule , he said . A major pilot 's union on Tuesday declined to comment on the specific changes announced by the TSA , saying it had not had time to study them . But it applauded the TSA 's efforts to harmonize U.S. rules with those overseas , and its embrace of risk-based security . "  Unfortunately , the reality has been that we 've had this patchwork of regulations and systems that in some part ... have been carried on the shoulders of the airlines , " said Capt. Sean Cassidy , first vice president of the Air Line Pilots Association International . Cassidy said risk-based security benefits the industry , the airlines and travelers .	The TSA will allow certain knives and sports equipment on planes Better security , such as reinforced cockpit doors , allow for the change A flight attendants ' union says the bans should have remained
Beijing  CNN  -- Schoolchildren were ordered to halt outdoor sports activities until Tuesday this week , as a dirty cloud of smog continued to shroud China 's capital . This was among a series of emergency response measures adopted in Beijing Sunday when the city 's Air Quality Index exceeded 500 micrograms , the highest level . Anything above this is regarded as "  beyond index . " Reports of respiratory problems -- as well as the sale of masks -- have skyrocketed , according to state media , and over the weekend , streets appeared emptier , as a sun was barely visible amid a hazy blanket . On Monday morning the U.S. Embassy in Beijing recorded "  hazardous " levels of pollution , with a "  Beyond Index " reading of 515 at 3:00 a.m.  2 p.m. Sunday  local time , last seen on Saturday when the air quality index , based on U.S. national air quality standards , hit as high as 755 . Read more : Which city has best quality of life ? Beijing Hyundai Motor Company suspended production on Sunday , and nearly 30 construction sites halted construction , the China Daily cited the city 's environmental protection bureau as saying . The city 's residents say pollution is worsening despite authorities ' assertions that air quality has improved since the city hosted the 2008 Olympic Games . Last year , heavy haze and smog forced the cancellation of almost 700 flights at Beijing airports . The city is comparable to Los Angeles , another gray city , according to experts . "  With their difficult meteorological conditions and a large number of pollution sources , addressing pollution is a long-term and difficult task , " Deborah Seligsohn , adviser of the World Resources Institute , said last year . The agency runs a climate energy and pollution program in China . Los Angeles has battled air pollution since the 1950s , well before U.S. national regulation , according to Seligsohn . "  Stilll in the 1970s , 20 years later , it was famous for its smog , " she said . "  In the 40-plus years since the Clean Air Act was passed , L.A. has never been fully in compliance with EPA standards , even though it has continued to improve . " Read more : China must come clean on pollution European Commission figures show that China produced 9.7 million kilotons of carbon dioxide while the United States had 5.42 million kilotons in 2011 , the latest available numbers . The weekend 's pollution levels have prompted an "  orange fog " warning in Beijing because of diminished visibility , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . "  Pollutants have gradually accumulated over the course of recent windless days , making the air quality even worse , " said Zhu Tong , an environmental sciences professor at Peking University told news agency . Beijing will remain covered in gray until Wednesday , when the wind will sweep in to the rescue and blow the smog away , according to state media . CY Xu in Beijing and Faith Karimi in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Beijing recording "  hazardous " levels of air pollution Monday NEW : Children in worst-hit areas ordered to stop outdoor sports activities Reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocket U.S. Embassy in Beijing records an index of more than 700 micrograms Sunday
CNN  -- Philadelphia 's 218 public schools will open on time in September after Mayor Michael Nutter assured the school district on Thursday it will receive $ 50 million that Superintendent William Hite demanded last week . Hite gave the city an ultimatum , saying the school district would not open on time if it did not receive a funding guarantee by Friday . This came after the layoff of close to 3,800 employees this summer due to a "  drastic financial shortfall . " The massive layoffs included aides , assistant principals , social workers and arts teachers . "  I 'm here to say I will not risk a catastrophe , " Nutter said Thursday , "  We will avoid this disaster . " Nutter directed the city finance director , the city treasurer , and the budget director on Thursday to begin immediately taking all steps necessary for the city to borrow $ 50 million on behalf of the school district , Nutter said in a written statement . Hite said he plans to open the schools on time based on Nutter 's assurance , even though Nutter has not yet cut a deal with City Council over how it will be funded . The superintendent expressed his appreciation to the mayor in a statement released Thursday , saying that the funding promise will allow the district to immediately start recalling the necessary staff to open the schools on time . Hite had previously said that without the money to restore crucial staff members , the district would not be able to open "  functional schools , run them responsibly , or provide a quality education to students . " Nutter had called Hite 's ultimatum one of "  the most chilling " statements he had ever heard a school superintendent make , but promised he would stand "  shoulder to shoulder " with Hite and would not allow schools to open with no more staff than he could afford without the extra money . Hite and Nutter had previously urged the City Council to extend a 1 % sales tax to make up the difference but -- despite approval from the General Assembly and Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett -- City Council President Darrell L. Clarke said he would rather focus that money on the city 's critical pension problem . If the city does not solve the retirement fund issues , Clarke said , Philadelphia could quickly follow in the footsteps of other major cities with significant financial problems . As an alternative , Clarke proposed the city purchase the school district 's surplus vacant real estate for $ 50 million and sell the property to developers who could turn it into potential job producers . A final decision on this proposal has not yet been made . Hite and Nutter are also negotiating a contract with the local teachers ' union , hoping to save money by asking teachers to make concessions on certain benefits . Because there has been no agreement with the union , $ 45 million in aid from the state previously allocated to the school district is being withheld . Once the negotiations are complete the funding will be released , state Budget Secretary Charles Zogby said Tuesday . Nutter said that "  as mayor , it 's my duty to keep Philadelphia on track and moving forward and that 's what I 'm doing today . " Philadelphia 's 218 public schools will now open their doors on September 9 , the originally scheduled date .	Philadelphia 's schools will receive $ 50 million the superintendent said is needed Mayor Nutter directed city officials to take the steps needed to borrow the $ 50 million School Superintendent Hite expresses his appreciation to the mayor Philadelphia 's 218 public schools will now open their doors on September 9
CNN  -- Last week , the news broke that Russian aircraft will commence patrolling the skies over the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico . Washington reacted mildly to Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu 's announcement . The U.S. State Department questioned Moscow 's rationale for operating off North American coastlines while insisting that such flights "  must be consistent with international law and conducted with due regard for the rights of other nations and the safety of other aircraft and of vessels . " That 's about it . Nor should Washington go further than this pro forma statement . Why ? Because an informal compact preserves freedom of the seas and skies . Coastal states grit their teeth and tolerate rivals ' presence in exchange for their own freedom to operate along foreign shores . It 's a form of reciprocity . Shoigu 's announcement came the same week a Russian naval flotilla appeared off Australia 's northern periphery , setting commentators abuzz Down Under . But Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's government , like the Obama administration , struck the right , low-key note vis-Ã - vis that voyage . Defense spokesmen noted that the Russian vessels -- guided-missile cruiser Varyag , along with a three-ship retinue -- were doing nothing unlawful or especially provocative . And indeed they were n't . No one claimed the Russian task force passed through Australian territorial waters , the 12-nautical-mile belt of sea off any coastal state 's shores .  Although it could have done so , provided commanders complied with the rules of "  innocent passage . "  No one claimed it placed Australian security at risk . As coastal states will , nevertheless , Canberra dispatched assets to keep watch . Royal Australian Navy men-of-war and surveillance aircraft took to sea and sky to monitor the Russian warships ' whereabouts and , presumably , document their activities . And so things stand . Move , countermove : That 's a normal day in the life of sea services . Why would Moscow go to the trouble of mounting a Pacific cruise so far from Russian shorelines ? Thucydides , the chronicler of the Peloponnesian War , offers a starting point for answering such questions . He lists "  fear , honor and interest " as three of the prime movers for human actions . Each is probably shaping decisions in Moscow . Take Thucydides ' motives in reverse order . The Russian leadership probably saw an interest in telegraphing how seriously it takes the G20 summit that has been taking place in Brisbane . It may also want to impress prospective Southeast Asian buyers of Russian weaponry . Displaying naval prowess in Australia 's extended neighborhood , then , could constitute part of a sales pitch . Artfully employed , ships remain tokens of political and economic interest , today as throughout maritime history . And honor ? Russia clearly wants to announce , yet again , its return to history . A painful interlude of weakness followed the Soviet Union 's downfall . Sending a rejuvenated Pacific Fleet to promenade around the region helps banish bad memories while restoring luster to Russia 's reputation as a great power . On the personal level , moreover , the cruise could represent President Vladimir Putin 's way of replying to Abbott 's vow to "  shirtfront , " or upbraid , Putin over last summer 's downing of a Malaysian airliner over Ukraine . Childish ? Maybe . But hardly unprecedented . Political leaders have been known to use implements of state to avenge personal slights . Lastly , fear . Moscow doubtless feels beleaguered . The international community reacted vehemently to Russia 's proxy war against Ukraine , levying an array of sanctions . Russia 's isolation is a problem of its own making , to be sure . But staging naval forces in the South Pacific reminds the West and its allies that Moscow still has options . In all likelihood , then , a variety of motives are at work . And yet forbearance remains the best posture , regardless of what is behind Russian actions . Why ? To uphold the principle of freedom of the seas . Australian warships and warplanes traverse the global commons -- the seas and skies beyond any coastal state 's jurisdiction , open to unfettered use by all -- every day . The same goes for American ships and planes , those from Japan and South Korea , and on and on . Indeed , it 's virtually impossible to project power into faraway regions or carry on marine commerce unless the commons remains open . Such untrammeled liberty is an asset beyond price . Accordingly , it behooves great sea powers such as Australia and the United States -- the biggest beneficiaries of freedom of the sea -- to make every effort to keep the commons a commons . That means refraining from words or acts that corrode the freedom embedded in international law and practice . Overreacting to routine use of the commons because we dislike the power using it sets a double standard : freedom for me , but not for thee . That 's the worst way to respond . Better to watch , wait and keep mum until and unless a foreign navy does something unlawful . In a sense the seafaring world is renewing a very old argument about the law of the sea . Romans saw an ever-increasing swath of the Mediterranean Sea as "  mare nostrum , " or "  our sea . " In this view the sea was subject to ownership . Dutchman Hugo Grotius , one of the forefathers of international law , countered during the 17th century with the idea of the free sea , or "  mare liberum . " Beyond the range of a cannon shot from shore -- the farthest offshore a government could exert control -- mariners were at liberty to pursue trade and commerce , project naval force , and undertake any number of seaborne ventures . Grotius ' foil -- ironically , since it was Great Britain that later midwifed the liberal maritime order we know today -- was the English jurist John Selden . Selden put forth the countervailing doctrine of "  mare clausum , " the closed sea . The gist of mare clausum was that governments were entitled to exercise sovereign jurisdiction over sea space , much as they did on dry land . Coastal states could literally rule the waves -- just as they wielded a monopoly of legitimate force within their terrestrial frontiers . Selden insisted that England was sovereign over northwestern European waters -- including the approaches from the Atlantic Ocean high seas to Dutch seaports . Small wonder Grotius wanted to deny rival England the right to dictate the terms of his homeland 's access to the sea lanes -- or cut that vital lifeline altogether . A similar quarrel played out in South Asia , where Portugal styled itself the lord of the Indian Ocean while the Dutch clamored for free access . Hugo Grotius ' doctrine of free seas ultimately seemed to win out . Grotius remains a fixture in international-law circles , while John Selden is a largely forgotten figure . But there are few permanent victories in legal debates . Protesting deployments like Russia 's too loudly gives Selden 's intellectual descendants comfort -- to the detriment of freedom of the seas . China , for instance , claims the right to make the rules governing merchant and naval traffic crisscrossing the South China Sea . It wants to forbid military surveillance , underwater surveys , and other endeavors explicitly permitted by the law of the sea . It wants to amend the system by fiat . Australia could unwittingly advance China 's project . If Canberra objected vehemently to plainly lawful maritime endeavors , that is , it would have implied that Beijing has a point when it constricts freedom of the seas and skies for fellow seafaring states . That point being that the nearby coastal state can regulate who operates in the commons , who does n't , and on what terms . By soft-pedaling the Russian deployment , on the other hand , Australia denies proponents of the closed sea that aid and comfort . And this is a deployment worth soft-pedaling in any event . The Australian press duly pointed out that one of the four Russian vessels was an oceangoing tugboat , sent along in case one of the combatant ships suffers a mechanical breakdown or some other cataclysm . Dispatching a tug as a matter of routine betokens a navy less than confident in its hardware , material upkeep and basic seamanship . U.S. Navy expeditionary forces do n't travel with tugboats . We do n't expect to break down at sea . The same goes for the Royal Australian Navy and the other highly professional services fielded by America 's allies . Target audiences notice such things -- and they detract from the political impact of a naval deployment . One doubts this month 's voyage will reap much benefit for Moscow . So let 's make softly , softly the principle guiding diplomacy toward naval voyages -- those undertaken by prospective foes as well as by allies and friends .	James Holmes : Mild reaction correct over Russia 's Caribbean plan Russia clearly wants to announce , yet again , its return to history , Holmes says Moscow doubtless feels beleaguered , he says
CNN  -- They may be winless in competitive fixtures so far this season , but Manchester United scored a victory of sorts on European football 's transfer deadline day . United secured the services of the highly rated Colombian striker Radamel Falcao on a year-long loan from Monaco -- reported to be worth # 6 million  $ 9.9 million  , according to British media -- as part of a frantic finish . The window closed at midnight  CET  Monday , but United was granted an extension to complete the deal . Two of its English Premier League rivals , Arsenal and Manchester City , had reportedly been prepared to pay # 55 million  $ 92 million  to sign Falcao , but Louis van Gaal 's side won the race for the former Atletico Madrid forward 's signature . Permanent deal The pact includes an option to buy the player outright at the end of the loan spell . "  I am delighted to be joining Manchester United on loan this season . Manchester United is the biggest club in the world and is clearly determined to get back to the top , " Falcao told the club 's Website . "  I am looking forward to working with Louis van Gaal and contributing to the team 's success at this very exciting period in the club 's history . " Falcao has a superb goals-to-games ratio . In two seasons at Portuguese side Porto he scored 41 times in 51 appearances before joining Atletico in 2011 , where he netted 52 times in 68 matches . Last season at Monaco was proving equally fertile with 11 goals in 20 matches before a knee injury sustained in January ruled the 28-year-old out of action for the rest of the season and the World Cup in Brazil . Falcao has since returned , playing in Monaco 's pre-season friendlies last month , and will strengthen United 's attacking options , which already include England international Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie . The latter helped guide the Netherlands to the semifinals in Brazil this summer . Falcao follows Angel Di Maria through the doors at Old Trafford -- the Argentine winger signed from Real Madrid for a British record fee of # 59.7 million  $ 98.7 million  last month . Dutch defender Daley Blind joined the 20-time English champions from Ajax , but some familiar names , especially strikers , headed for the exit . Players leaving Javier Hernandez has joined Real Madrid on a season-long loan while fellow striker Danny Welbeck moved to Arsenal for an undisclosed fee on a long-term deal -- though the London club said the transfer is subject to the completion of regulatory formalities Shinji Kagawa is returning to the Bundesliga where he will rejoin his former club Borussia Dortmund . The Japanese midfielder joined United in 2012 and rarely featured , scoring six goals in 57 appearances . Hernandez arrived at Old Trafford in 2010 , scoring 59 goals in 159 appearances and winning two English Premier League titles , but has fallen out of favor in the past two seasons . A statement posted on the official Real Madrid website said that the club also have the option to buy the 26-year-old at the end of the loan spell . Elsewhere , current EPL leaders Chelsea have offloaded Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel to AC Milan on a season-long loan . Van Ginkel joined the West Londoners from Vitesse Arnhem last summer for # 8 million  $ 13.3 million  , but his first team opportunities have been limited to just four appearances . The 21-year-old follows Fernando Torres from Stamford Bridge to the San Siro -- the Spanish striker agreed a two-year loan deal at the weekend .	The European football league transfer window shut at midnight  CET  Monday The biggest deal on deadline day saw striker Radamel Falcao join Man United on loan But United off-loaded two strikers , Javier Hernandez and Danny Welbeck Manchester City striker Alvaro Negredo returned to Spain , on loan with Valencia
CNN  -- Goofing around in the office has been taken to a whole new level by a couple of guys who work for Squarespace , a website creation company in New York City . Chris Limbrick and Francesco Fragomeni started making what they call "  painting remixes " in early November . The side-by-side mashups of everything from Michelangelo 's "  The Creation of Adam " to Frida Kahlo 's 1943 self-portrait "  Thinking About Death " have gathered thousands of followers on their website , Tumblr and Instagram pages . The project they 've dubbed "  FoolsDoArt " began on a whim , and got an unlikely assist from Limbrick 's mother . "  We were sitting around with some friends at work and we randomly ended up reenacting a scene from the Sistine Chapel , " the pair wrote in an email to CNN . "  One of our coworkers pulled out her phone and took a picture which we thought was funny but we did n't initially think anything of it . Chris texted the photo to his mom , who then stitched our shot together with a photograph from the actual Sistine Chapel and texted it back to Chris . " Thus began a quest to recreate some of the most iconic works of art in the world in their downtime at work . The rules : They can use only props that are available in the office and any photo editing must be done on their smartphones using apps like Snapseed , Diptic , and Square InstaPic . "  We really enjoy the DIY look of the photos so we also made a rule against using Photoshop , " the pair said . Both men are art lovers and avid photographers outside of work too . Fragomeni was printmaker specializing in antiquarian photo-chemical printmaking processes before moving over to the tech field . So they 've got some background in creating beautiful things . They 've also got access to much cooler office supplies than your average cubicle dweller . Squarespace is a creatively fertile workplace , they say , and you never know what 's lurking around , waiting to be incorporated into a photo shoot . "  There 's always lots of strange stuff sitting around , " they wrote . "  Some of it has been left from past Halloween costumes and some has just randomly appeared . The unicorn mask was a mystery for a long time . No one knew where it came from . We found out recently that it belongs to a coworker in another department who brought it over a couple years ago . " Their bosses are supportive , and the shoots are a small part of their workday . It can take anywhere from 10 to 30 minutes to do one recreation , "  depending on how complex the image is and how creative we have to get with the costumes . " Colleagues have been eager to get in on the fun by posing , assisting and lending clothing and props to the project . You can help too : The guys are taking idea submissions via their website . Maybe a little Jackson Pollock abstraction next ?	Co-workers Chris Limbrick and Francesco Fragomeni recreate classic artwork for fun The office project has grown into a website , Tumblr and Instagram account The pair are art lovers and their employer , Squarespace , encourages the creative project
CNN  -- Toyota reported a first-ever annual net loss of $ 4.4 billion on Friday , the latest automobile maker to be battered by the credit crisis . The top executives for Toyota at a press conference in January . Net revenue for the fiscal year ending March 31 was down nearly 22 percent , with total sales of 7.6 million vehicles -- 1.3 million fewer than the previous year . The company dividend will be reduced to 100 yen per share , down from 140 yen per share last year The appreciation of the yen against major currencies , rise in raw material costs and the collapse of the auto market in Europe and North America led to the company 's annual loss , said Katsuaki Watanabe , Toyota president , at a press conference . The firm expects sales to decline even further to 6.5 million units this year . The company , however , will be further expanding it environmentally friendly line of automobiles . Watch more about the results " "  It appears to take some more time before the financial markets in the U.S. and Europe normalize and the global economy recovers , " Watanabe said . "  However , in the 2010 fiscal year , we plan to accelerate our profit improvement activities including the expansion of our hybrid vehicle line-up such as the next generation Prius in May and the Lexus ' HS250h in July . " Toyota plans to launch four hybrid models in Japan and three models overseas in the next year . The new Prius model will be more compact and reduce production costs by 30 percent , Watanabe said .	Toyota reports its first annual net loss of $ 4.4 billion Company will reduce dividend to 100 yen per share from 140 The appreciation of yen , increased costs and decrease in car buyers blamed
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans lit candles outside the hospital where anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela lay Wednesday night amid a report that the former president was on life support . An official briefed on his condition said he was on life support , but government spokesman Mac Maharaj declined to comment on the report , citing doctor-patient confidentiality . Mandela , 94 , considered the founding father of South Africa 's multiracial democracy , has been hospitalized since June 8 for a recurring lung infection . Authorities have described his condition as critical since Sunday , and after visiting him late Wednesday night , President Jacob Zuma canceled his visit to Mozambique where he was supposed to attend a summit Thursday on infrastructure investment . As the nation remained on edge , police barricaded the street leading to the hospital 's main entrance . Well-wishers hung balloons , stuffed animals and messages of support along the wall , and crowds hovering nearby sang "  Where is Mandela ? " "  We need you ! , " one sign read . "  We love you tata , get well soon ! " said another , referring to Mandela by the Xhosa word for father . Several relatives came out to collect some of those items Wednesday . "  He 's going to feel a lot better when he sees these signs , " said David Manaway , Mandela 's grandson-in-law . Why Mandela has six names His former physician and the nation 's ex-surgeon general , Dr. Vejay Ramlakan , also visited the hospital Wednesday , said the national news agency , South African Press Association . Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . He was elected the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . Nelson Mandela Fast Facts "  He is our hero . He is my mentor , my father . He is everything to me , " said Kuda Nyahumzvi , 36 . "  But when it is his time , we wish his soul could just rest . He spent so long in jail and struggling . " Even as he has faded from the spotlight , he remains popular and is considered a hero of democracy worldwide . As South Africans steeled themselves for the worst , details emerged about the family 's meeting in his boyhood home of Qunu on Tuesday . An archbishop also stopped by the hospital and conducted prayers , calling for "  a quiet night and a peaceful , perfect end " for the former president . Archbishop Thabo Makgoba joined the family at the hospital where Mandela remained in critical condition , the South African Press Association reported . "  Fill them with your holy courage and the gift of trusting faith , and take away their fears so that they may dare to face their grief , " he said , according to a copy of the prayer posted on the bishop 's website . "  And uphold all of us with your steadfast love so that we may be filled with gratitude for all the good that he has done for us and for our nation , and may honor his legacy through our lives . " 7 Things You Can Learn From Nelson Mandela 's Life During the meeting in Qunu , funeral arrangements were not part of the talks , family friend Bantu Holomisa said , according to SAPA . As a former head of state , plans for Mandela 's funeral are spearheaded by the government , according to Holomisa . Mandela turns 95 in July . Nelson Mandela in critical condition days before Obama visit CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and contributed from Atlanta . CNN 's Brent Swails , Matt Smith , Catherine E. Shoichet , John Raedler and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : South African president cancels Thursday 's trip to Mozambique Mandela is now on life support , an official says Family collects some of the items left outside the hospital by well-wishers
CNN  -- TV host Bill Maher started his career as a standup comedian . But students at the University of California , Berkeley are n't laughing at his latest antics ; they 're petitioning to have him removed as their 2014 fall commencement speaker . "  Bill Maher is a blatant bigot and racist who has no respect for the values UC Berkeley students and administration stand for , " a petition on Change.org states . "  In a time where climate is a priority for all on campus , we can not invite an individual who himself perpetuates a dangerous learning environment . "  Bill Maher 's public statements on various religions and cultures are offensive and his dangerous rhetoric has found its way into our campus communities . " The petition points to a recent episode of Maher 's HBO show "  Real Time " as an example .  HBO , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner .  When actor Ben Affleck appeared on the program in early October , their conversation turned into a heated debate about Islam that many in the Muslim community found hurtful . "  Islam is the only religion that acts like the mafia that will f *** ing kill you if you say the wrong thing , " Maher said during the episode , which is cited on the students ' petition as an example of Maher 's "  hate speech . " The Change.org petition had more than 2,200 signatures as of Tuesday morning . It appears to have been written by Khwaja Ahmed , an active member of the Middle Eastern , Muslim and South Asian Coalition , according to Berkeley 's student newspaper . This is n't the only petition on the site about Maher . Several have called for his firing from "  Real Time , " though they do n't seem to have garnered much traction . Maher has been on the show for 12 years and has become known for his controversial statements on a wide range of topics . One of Maher 's favorite targets is organized religion . His 2008 documentary "  Religulous " grossed more than $ 13 million , according to Box Office Mojo .	Berkeley students post petition to remove Bill Maher as commencement speaker Change.org petition says Maher 's statements on religions and cultures are offensive Petition had more than 2,200 signatures as of Tuesday morning
Washington  CNN  -- He was talking about health care , but President Obama could have just as easily been summing up his entire first year when he made some blunt comments in a closed-door meeting with House Democrats last week . Democratic sources who were in the room say Obama , pressed by liberals angry about the reform package getting watered down , decided to quote Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , who said recently : "  What we 're building here is not a mansion , it 's a starter home . It 's a starter home , but it 's got a great foundation for expanding health care coverage to 31 million Americans . " Obama 's point was that he believes the health bill -- if it can pass  and that 's in real doubt now  -- would be a dramatic step forward but is just the first draft . He hopes to come back later in his presidency to pass a second reform package that finishes the job . The same goes for other big Obama promises like energy reform to deal with climate change and financial regulatory reform to clean up Wall Street -- "  mansions " that have not been built yet , even though a strong "  foundation " has been put down to meet these promises in the future . But Republican Scott Brown 's stunning victory in Massachusetts on Tuesday suggests Obama may not even get the first draft of health care reform through Congress , because of a huge split in his own party : Angry liberals in the House are signaling they will not rush through what they consider to be the Senate 's weak version of reform before Brown gets seated in the Senate , while skittish conservative Democrats in the Senate , like Ben Nelson of Nebraska , may no longer be on board with any kind of reform , out of a fear of becoming the next Martha Coakley . The broader problem Obama has been facing , even before Massachusetts , is that securing a mere "  starter home " on health care or any other major issue is a far cry from the sky-high expectations he set for his supporters one year ago , when they were shouting "  Yes We Can ! " after a campaign in which he laid out plans for dramatic change . To be fair , the president warned in his inaugural address , one year ago Wednesday , that all of the nation 's problems would not be solved so quickly . "  They are serious , and they are many , " he said then . "  They will not be met easily or in a short span of time . " Nevertheless , most Americans skipped past that section of the speech , and focused instead on Obama 's promise to end the bitter partisan divide in Washington on the way to shaking up the system . That goodwill from the early days evaporated quickly , and the president 's approval ratings have dipped as disappointment has grown among the very independent voters who helped elect him in 2008 . That 's why he very deliberately tried to recalibrate expectations at a Washington church this Sunday as he delivered remarks celebrating the birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . "  There was a hope shared by many that life would be better from the moment that I swore that oath , " Obama said . "  Of course , as we meet here today , one year later , we know the promise of that moment has not yet been fully fulfilled . Because of an era of greed and irresponsibility that sowed the seeds of its own demise , because of persistent economic troubles unaddressed through the generations , because of a banking crisis that brought the financial system to the brink of catastrophe , we are being tested -- in our own lives and as a nation -- as few have been tested before . " Poll : 51 percent approve of Obama after first year Channeling the outrage that fueled Brown 's upset victory in Massachusetts , House Republican Whip Eric Cantor of Virginia said the reason for the disconnect is that the president dropped the talk of unity too quickly and instead "  forged ahead with a narrow ideological agenda that has compromised his ability to create sustainable jobs and thereby fix our nation 's most pressing problems . " In an op-ed on the new conservative Web site Daily Caller , Cantor charged his party has offered to work with the president but he has "  paid our proposals mere lip service when the cameras are on , only to rebuff our ideas in their entirety once the meeting ends . As a result , the history books may well look back on the beginning of the Obama presidency as the era of squandered opportunities . " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs insists Republicans have not made serious overtures to meet the president halfway , perhaps hoping instead that Obama 's struggles will help the GOP in the November midterm elections . And Gibbs says the real reason for Obama 's problems stems from the fact that he made some tough decisions on unpopular -- but necessary -- government interventions to save the economy . "  Ensuring that the banks did n't collapse was not a popular decision , " Gibbs said . "  The president strongly believes it was the right one . Ensuring that two domestic auto companies did n't go out of business -- not popular . Again , the president believed it was the right decision to make . " Obama also frequently reminds the public that in addition to inheriting that financial crisis , he was also handed two unpopular wars , in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a continuing threat from al Qaeda , that have tested his mettle as commander in chief . All of that has weighed on Obama 's approval rating , especially the difficult decision to send more than 50,000 additional U.S. troops to escalate the war in Afghanistan . The terror incident on Christmas Day was a fresh reminder that national security is a wild card for any president . As each day in office passes , it will become harder and harder for Obama to continue pointing the finger of blame at former President George W. Bush for all of the "  inherited " problems . And in a strange way , Tuesday 's election loss could help Obama refocus his agenda at the start of year two . A top Democratic strategist close to the White House said that it 's a lot better for the White House to take its lumps now and readjust priorities in the weeks ahead to avoid much larger losses in the midterm election -- rather than coasting along now and then getting hit with an awful surprise in November . But will Obama and his top aides dig in and refuse to move to the middle a bit ? Or will they acknowledge that Massachusetts is a wake-up call , as Indiana Sen. Evan Bayh and other moderate Democrats have suggested , and make some adjustments ? Then-President Clinton was briefly humiliated by the 1994 midterm election debacle caused in large part by his overreaching health care effort , but he quickly picked himself up off the canvas and started focusing on bite-sized initiatives that won Republican support and positioned him for an easy re-election victory in 1996 . Ron Pollack , head of the liberal health group Families USA , is pushing Obama to finish off health reform quickly before Democrats lose their 60-vote supermajority in the Senate . But Pollack also said he thinks on some of the other big issues after health reform , like climate change and Wall Street regulatory reform , "  they will have to get some Republican " lawmakers on board , and the new political reality may force some compromise on both sides . But Pollack added that it 's "  way premature " to suggest the Massachusetts race will bring a major shift to the political climate . He 's still confident that as the unemployment picture improves down the road , "  people will see the good in Obama 's policies " on health and other matters , and his standing will improve . Of course , there 's also the possibility the public mood continues to sour on the economy and Obama 's other key initiatives like health care . Brown seemed to be warning in his victory speech Tuesday night that the anti-incumbent anger Obama rode into office could wind up blowing up in his face in November . "  What happened here in Massachusetts can happen all over America , " Brown said to cheers . In fact , when Brown talked about scrapping the health reform effort and starting over because "  we can do better , " the Republican crowd started a chant that had to send a tiny shiver down the spine of even the most confident White House staffer . "  Yes we can ! " Brown 's supporters shouted . "  Yes we can ! "	Obama stresses building foundation for future steps toward his agenda Republican win in Massachusetts could create split among Democrats Obama also faces gap between high hopes at his inauguration and reality now One expert says it 's better for White House to take its lumps now , before midterm elections
Missoula , Montana  CNN  -- A federal judge on Friday denied a motion to dismiss a murder case against a Montana newlywed bride accused of murdering her husband by shoving him off a cliff at Glacier National Park . The ruling followed a surprise appearance on the witness stand by Jordan Linn Graham , who faces first - and second-degree murder charges in the death of her 25-year-old husband , Cody Johnson . In his decision , U.S. District Court Judge Donald W. Molloy criticized the prosecutors for what he described as "  trial by ambush , " but said the case will proceed to trial on December 9 . Graham , 21 , wearing a purple sweater and blue jean blouse , took the stand to testify that doubts about her marriage had escalated into a physical altercation during a trail hike . "  We went on a little stump part and we were in the middle of an argument and he thought I was going to run away , " said Graham . "  Cody had grabbed me and I thought he was going to push me down , " she said . "  My first instinct was to get him off . " Graham was indicted last month on charges she intentionally pushed her husband to his death in an angry rage . Her federal public defender Michael Donahoe has asserted in court documents that his death was an accident . Donahoe also accused the government of misconduct related to a series of interrogation interviews the FBI conducted . The part time nanny has pleaded not guilty to the murder charges including making false statements . She remains under house arrest . During her 15 minutes of testimony , Graham accused FBI agent Stacey Smiedala of making her uncomfortable by placing his hand on her knee during an interrogation . "  He held me for five minutes , " she said . In cross examination , federal prosecutor Kris Mclean showed Graham an affidavit she signed about that unrecorded interview , which lasted an hour and 20 minutes : "  Under oath you said , ` During the entire time I was in the room by myself with Agent Smiedala , he never took his hands off my knee , ' " McClean said , seeking to underscore the time discrepancy between her testimony and her signed affidavit . "  Yes , " she replied . "  I guess to my knowledge I did not know it was going to be translated in that manner . " In his testimony about interrogation methods , agent Smiedala denied physically touching Graham 's leg , saying he only tried to verbally console her after she broke down in tears after confessing . In a case that has gained national attention , Graham did not initially report the incident . She told local detectives that Johnson had vanished in a dark vehicle the night of July 7 with unknown friends . On July 11 , according to an affidavit , Graham led a group of friends and relatives to a popular spot in the park called "  The Loop , " where they discovered Johnson 's body . Only after a FBI agent Smiedala showed her a surveillance photo of the couple entering the gates to Glacier National Park did Graham change her story and confess to pushing him off the ledge . "  She began to cry and I told her , "  I am glad you have been honest , " the agent said . A polygraph was never conducted and Graham was released until a grand jury indicted her last month . Prior to her interrogation , Graham had signed a polygraph examination consent form and waived her right to remain silent without an attorney . Defense attorneys claimed failure to record the first hour and 20 minutes of the interrogation violated state law . Two subsequent interviews were recorded in which Graham allegedly cited the death as an accident and that she acted in self-defense . Judge Molloy said he would rule on the admissibility of her unrecorded statements at a future date . Prosecutors have theorized that Graham blindfolded her husband before pushing him to his death and then lied to cover up the crime , according to motions filed by the defense . Donahoe , the public defender , has criticized prosecutors for labeling Graham a sociopath , accused them of distorting statements she made , and contended they recorded only those segments of interviews that bolstered the government 's case . Donahoe said federal attorneys have not disclosed any evidence of the premeditation alleged in the first-degree murder charge except for mentioning during a recent telephone conference that "  the government now believes Jordan placed a blindfold on Cody before pushing him off the ledge , " court documents show . The theory is tied to a "  piece of cloth " found near Johnson 's body that investigators have sent for DNA analysis , according to court documents . The case is being prosecuted in federal court because the incident occurred in a national park .	Judge denies motion to dismiss murder charges against Jordan Linn Graham Despite what judge calls "  trial by ambush , " case will go to trial on December 9 Graham admitted she pushed her husband off a cliff , but claims it was self-defense FBI agent denies Graham 's claim that the touched her during an interview
Baltimore  CNN  -- Marcus Dixon refers to the tattoos on his face as the "  art of war " : an eye etched on his forehead , five stars down the left side of his face , and the words "  do n't cry " on his eyelids . The tattoos are permanent reminders of his past life as a drug dealer . Dixon got the tattoos , he said , to send a message to his enemies and the police to leave him alone . "  I had to create a character that no one would dare challenge , " he said . But Dixon 's mother and his best friend feared for his safety . They staged an intervention and convinced him to make a fresh start . Dixon stopped selling drugs and moved to Atlanta . But with a criminal record and no connections , he had a difficult time finding a job . After a few months , he moved back to Baltimore , dejected . "  I was at the lowest of my lows , " he said . He also was n't in contact with his two sons , which troubled him since his own father had n't been involved in his life . "  I was confused , lost , and did n't have the slightest idea of how to be a good father , " said Dixon , now 30 . "  I did n't have examples that could guide me . " Dixon 's outlook began to change , however , when he followed his mother 's advice and went to the Center for Urban Families in Baltimore . There , he 's gotten job training , life skills and support that have made him much more optimistic about his future . Since 1999 , the center has helped thousands of Baltimore residents find jobs and enabled hundreds of fathers to become more responsible parents . "  What we want to do is get these people above ground and back into the mainstream , " said Joe Jones , the nonprofit 's founder and CEO . "  We help them get them jobs so they can pay taxes and child support . " Most men , like Dixon , walk through the center 's doors because they need help finding a job . But Jones believes that jobs are just the first step . For him , the key to creating real change in Baltimore 's troubled communities is ending what he calls "  the cycle of father absence . " "  If we do n't crack the code of men having babies for whom they 're not responsible for , all of our efforts to build a better Baltimore will be limited , " said Jones , 57 . "  We 're there to create a pathway to help them to understand how to begin to take on that responsibility . " According to the 2012 American Community Survey just released by the U.S. Census Bureau , more than 19 million children across the country -- 26 % -- are living without a father in the home . In Baltimore , among African-American children , the rate is 69 % . Jones says many of the men he tries to help grew up without fathers themselves . He also knows that children who grow up without fathers are more likely to become teen parents , use drugs and commit crimes , according to the National Fatherhood Initiative . "  The one thing that is consistent with all these men is that they want to be involved with the lives of their children , but they just do n't know how , " Jones said . His nonprofit runs a Responsible Fatherhood program to give men the support and tools they need to become better parents and reverse the cycle . A large part of that is helping men with their financial responsibilities . Jones says you ca n't fix the problem of deadbeat dads unless you address that many of them are dead broke . In the four Baltimore ZIP Codes where Jones ' nonprofit works , there are nearly 3,000 men who together owe more than $ 40 million in child support , according to the Maryland Department of Human Resources . When Dixon first came to the Center for Urban Families , he owed $ 47,000 in child support . The size of this debt discouraged him from seeking employment , he said , because it usually only paid minimum wage and most of his wages would be garnished . But a counselor at the center helped Dixon arrange a plan with Child Support Services , which forgave more than $ 30,000 of his debt as long as he stayed employed . The center also helped Dixon land a full-time job -- loading trucks on the overnight shift at a clothing warehouse -- so he could earn money while taking classes at Baltimore City Community College . Dixon , who now covers his tattoos with makeup every day , is six credits away from earning his associate 's degree in general studies . He plans to apply to more colleges soon to study pharmacology and molecular sciences . Jones ' program also teaches men that being a father is about more than finances . They are taught nurturing skills , such as how to change diapers and communicate with their kids . "  You have a group of men speaking about issues they are having about their children , " Dixon said . "  That 's unheard of . Men do n't do that , especially black men in the neighborhoods that we come from . "  Without these meetings , I would not know how to be a father . " Dixon has now embraced his role as a dad . He recently filed for visitation rights with his eldest son , who is 10 years old , and he takes his younger son , age 3 , to school at least three times a week . "  The first day I took him to school , I got the sense of fatherhood , " Dixon said . "  It has made me feel  like  more of a man . " Jones knows firsthand the struggles Dixon endured and the satisfaction he feels from having turned his life around . It 's a transformation he experienced himself . Jones grew up in Baltimore and remembers the day his own father left , when he was 9 years old . As a teenager , Jones became a heroin and cocaine addict and spent 17 years selling drugs and committing petty crimes to support his habit , spending time in and out of jail . Jones said his biggest regret is that when he was 21 , he had a son who he did n't take responsibility for . In 1986 , after being charged with multiple drug-related offenses , Jones decided to turn his life around . He begged a residential rehabilitation program to let him into the program , and he persuaded the judge to let him complete the one-year rehab instead of going to jail . "  I did n't want to go to jail anymore , " Jones said . "  I was physically and psychologically tired and my conscience was bothering me . " Jones earned his associate 's degree at Baltimore City Community College , and he says he has n't looked back . He found a series of nonprofit jobs and was hired by the Baltimore City Department of Health , eventually working on an initiative to improve maternal and child health . Working there , in the early 1990s , it struck him that there were no programs for fathers . So in 1992 , Jones started the Men 's Services program at the Department of Health , and the experience led him to found his nonprofit seven years later . "  It 's my way of giving back ... in ways in which I took from my community many years ago , " Jones said . Now married , he 's raised two children with his wife and has been able to repair his relationship with his eldest son Trey . Today , they often go to baseball games together , along with Jones ' youngest son . Jones ' turnaround is an inspiration to Dixon and the other men in his program . "  When I learned Joe 's story ,  it  pretty much blew me away , " Dixon said . "  And look what he has obtained . So nothing 's impossible . "  He 's more than a role model . He 's that North Star . " Now Dixon feels confident that he can follow Jones ' example . "  Joe allowed me to find and restore my dignity , " he said . "  That 's one of the greatest things that you can offer anyone . " "  You ca n't become a better father without being a better man . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Center for Urban Families website and see how to help .	CNN Hero Joe Jones is trying to build a better Baltimore through better families His nonprofit is giving men the tools they need to become more responsible fathers He says many absentee fathers want to change but just do n't know how
CNN  -- "  Look around . We are living in a heavy metal world . " -- Faisal , lead vocals , Acrassicauda Four young men start a band in a basement . Their music is loud , their t-shirts lurid , their language littered with expletives . Big noise ? Big deal . But Firas , Tony , Marwan and Faisal are n't your average young metalheads . They claim to be Iraq 's only heavy metal band , and the documentary film "  Heavy Metal in Baghdad , " which premiered at this year 's Berlin Film Festival , gives a harrowing glimpse of their everyday life in a city torn apart by war . Directed by Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi , with Spike Jonze sporting an executive producer credit , this feature follows the four young musicians ' desperate struggle to make the music they love , from the toppling of Saddam Hussein in 2003 to the present day . The directors track down Acrassicauda  the band is named after a particularly venomous black desert scorpion  on the streets of Baghdad . We follow them to their bombed-out basement rehearsal space  obliterated by a Scud missile  and watch their fans embrace them at a rare gig at the Al Fanar Hotel . Watch clips from one of the band 's gigs in a Baghdad hotel " But as co-director Alvi explained to CNN , what started as a short rockumentary evolved into a full-length feature that highlights the plight of so many civilians trying to live a normal life in Iraq 's capital . "  We went over to find the band , " he said . "  They were speaking for so many faceless Iraqis who were affected by the war , displaced from their homes by the war . " And that 's where "  Heavy Metal in Baghdad " gets its power . As the band struggles to overcome roadblocks , curfews and power cuts just to get to rehearsal , this portrayal of four regular guys surrounded by violence and chaos is a striking picture of a city 's populace caught , quite literally , in the crossfire . "  Nobody could live under the same circumstances that an Iraqi could live in , " says bassist Firas . "  You have to deal with death and fear every day , " adds singer Faisal . That fear is reflected in their music . There 's little room for allegory in their songs , "  Massacre , " "  Between the Ashes " and "  Orphan Child " : These titles reflect the band 's everyday existence . In Baghdad , as fundamentalism begins to flourish post-Saddam , Acrassicauda and their fans are viewed with suspicion for both their music and their appearance . Three years into the documentary , a clerical council issues a bundle of edicts that ban , amongst other vices , long hair on men , "  improper Western clothes " and "  music-filled parties and all kinds of singing . " Even Acrassicauda 's local guitar emporium has closed , the owners cowed by fundamentalists into shutting up shop . That makes it tough if you want to play American-style heavy metal , condemned by some of their compatriots as satanic . In a country where the number one rule of survival is to keep your head down , bass player Firas says , "  just wearing a United States band t-shirt can get you killed , " while paying homage to Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Zakk Wylde 's flowing locks is out of the question . "  Where is the freedom if I ca n't wear what I want , say what I want ? " he argues . Watch clips from the documentary and hear the band speak about Iraq " But the band persists , sweating through 21-hour-long rehearsal sessions and continuing to sport t-shirts emblazoned with their idols : Metallica , Slayer , Slipknot . In such a constrained situation , it 's no surprise that the band feels frustrated . "  You just feel like you 're caged , like there 's chains all around you , " says drummer Marwan . For Acrassicauda , playing at one of their infrequent live performances is an all-too-rare opportunity to find some release . "  For two hours , we want to free ourselves from those chains , get that rage out , " he continues . And the film 's surreal scenes of Iraqi metallers writhing in a makeshift mosh pit against the shabby genteel backdrop of a hotel function room -- in the middle of the afternoon -- underline the pathos of the reality in which the band exists . Watch clips from one of the band 's gigs in a Baghdad hotel " Surrounded by an ever-increasing band of bodyguards , and strapped into flak jackets , Moretti and Alvi 's approach often feels reckless , and sometimes a little gung-ho : they 're journalists hooked on the trail of a hot story . That contrasts with the nervy , cautious approach of their subjects , as Acrassicauda snatch careful moments to share their lives with the directors . Director Suroosh Alvi told CNN , "  The story ... is playing out in real time . It 's happening every day for these guys . " Firas , Tony , Marwan and Faisal , who have all lost friends or family members , know too well that Baghdad is no playground . The crux of the film sees Acrassicauda 's members faced with a hard choice : stay in Baghdad and risk getting sucked into the conflict , or flee , abandoning their homes and families , for a slim chance at survival in neighboring Syria . But Syria is no easy lifeline : They 'll face a perilous 16-hour bus ride , run the gauntlet of barricades , checkpoints , kidnappers and exploitative fixers , and risk their life savings . As they wrestle with their decision , the band members ' ways of coping with their plight come to the fore . Marwan greets the situation with aggression -- "  if I do n't play drums , I 'd kill someone " -- and a growing anger at those who have allowed the situation in Baghdad to arise ; Firas conceals his feelings behind bravado and laughter ; while singer Faisal becomes increasingly withdrawn and introspective . The band has now fled to Turkey , their passage funded by well-wishers from the worldwide heavy metal community . Their mission -- to make the music they love -- continues . It 's a constant struggle to survive , but one that Acrassicauda are n't prepared to abandon -- yet . As Firas says , they won a major battle just by proving that they could make their kind of music in a war zone . "  Nobody was expecting that in Iraq , heavy metal could exist , " he says . "  But we changed that fact . Nothing could have stopped us . " E-mail to a friend	Rockumentary "  Heavy Metal in Baghdad " features Iraq 's only heavy metal band Band members struggle to make music , face hostility for long hair , rock t-shirts Film shows Iraqi metal fans writhing in a makeshift mosh pit in a genteel hotel The band faces a tough choice : stay in Baghdad or flee to Syria
CNN  -- Icon is a monthly arts series that promises viewers a journey into the worlds of visual arts , architecture , literature , music , photography , dance , opera , fashion and design , accompanied by interviews with their innovators and influencers as diverse as I.M. Pei , Quincy Jones and Herbie Hancock . The new program will examine how classic cultural icons have influenced new trends and ideas , and will challenge itself and its viewers to identify new icons in the making . The global remit of the show takes viewers to the Louvre and the Guggenheim , the Tate and the Turner Prize , the Bolshoi and the Met and the Venice Biennale and Fashion Weeks in a fresh , intelligent and accessible way . It sees presenter Monita Rajpal stepping into the frame of the designer 's studio , going behind the camera and onto the catwalk under the watchful eye of iconic guests and trendspotters who share their insights and reveal their influences .	icon promises viewers a truly global journey into world of arts and culture Each month , presenter Monita Rajpal takes viewers into a different world The show covers visual arts , architecture , literature , music , design , fashion and more
CNN  -- Calling all ladies ! The stunning landscapes of Arizona create the perfect spot for an adventurous girls vacation . No , I 'm not suggesting you plot a "  Thelma & Louise " - type western getaway and wildly escape from your men and the police . Instead , relax with your favorite girlfriends  legally  and soak up the beauty of the mountainous landscape and all the experiences the area between Sedona 's famous Red Rocks and the Grand Canyon has to offer . This spring , two girlfriends and I met in Phoenix to start our western road trip . Check out our itinerary , and use it as a guide for ideas on building your western trip . Phoenix to Grand Canyon  233 miles We flew into Phoenix , but this was n't a trip about big cities , so we high-tailed it out of the Valley of the Sun in our rented Nissan Rogue and drove 4 1/2 hours north along Interstates 17 and 40 and Highway 64 toward the Grand Canyon . As we traveled along these scenic highways , the vegetation changed from saguaro cactuses to tall pine trees . The towering San Francisco peaks near Flagstaff were a highlight of the dramatic scenery along our route . The peaks are a volcanic mountain range and provide a number of recreational opportunities , from snow skiing to hiking . Grand Canyon We arrived at the southern entrance to the Grand Canyon , just north of Tusayan , right before sunset and had our cameras ready . The park guides said Hopi and Yavapai points are some the best places to view a sunrise or sunset , and they did n't lead us astray . For dinner , we dined inside the park 's Bright Angel Lodge  which is just a few feet from the canyon rim  at the Arizona Room . The restaurant specializes in hand-cut steaks , and fish and chicken inspired by flavors of the Southwest . One of its signature drinks is the Prickly Pear Margarita , which includes Hornitos Reposado tequila , prickly pear cactus syrup , lime , Triple Sec and sweet and sour mix . Both the food and drinks were excellent . We stayed outside the park , where rates are generally cheaper , but we admired El Tovar Hotel , the park 's priciest and most famous lodge . Built in 1905 , famous guests over the years have included Theodore Roosevelt , Bill Clinton and Paul McCartney , to name a few . The hotel was also featured in the 1983 Chevy Chase film "  National Lampoon 's Vacation . " The following morning , we met our tour bus outside the Bright Angel Lodge for a guided view of the national park .  We used the Grand Canyon 's official website to find our tour operator .  Our bus ride covered 52 miles in a little under four hours as we traveled east from the lodge along the rim of the canyon . The tour stopped at Lipan Point , touted as the most scenic viewpoint on the East Rim drive . The Watchtower , designed in the 1930s by famed architect Mary Colter in the style of the ancestral Puebloan people , also offered stunning -- even soul-enriching -- views of the canyon . The Grand Canyon offers endless opportunities for exploration , beyond what we discovered during our 24-hour visit . Thousands of visitors each year hike the park 's various trails , bike along the Greenway trail and paved roads , enjoy airplane and helicopter tours , and brave rafting trips and mule rides . Grand Canyon to Sedona  119 miles  : The diverse landscape during our southbound road trip between the Grand Canyon 's South Rim and Sedona kept us busy with our cameras . In Coconino National Forest , the scenery ranges from deserts and ponderosa pine forests to volcanic peaks . Elevation in Coconino ranges from 2,600 feet to 12,633 feet at the summit of Humphreys Peak . A snowstorm caught us during a small portion of the drive , but we ended the journey with sunny skies in Sedona . I 'd never seen such extreme climate changes in a 120-mile trip until this excursion . Sedona area Sedona 's main attraction is no doubt its stunning array of red sandstone formations , enveloped in the area 's celebrated spiritual energy . The Red Rocks provided a truly awe-inspiring backdrop for our outdoor adventures . But first , shopping -- naturally a part of many girls trips , and ours was no exception . Sedona is filled with art galleries , boutiques , New Age metaphysical shops , antiques and even an outdoor shopping mall . Be sure to pick up made-in-Sedona cactus jellies , Native American crafts or even healing gemstones during your visit . A skeptic finds inner peace in Sedona Our first big adventure  beyond shopping  was a two-hour off-road tour in an open-air Jeep . Our professional driver , who doubled as an informative tour guide , showed us geologic formations and some of the trademark Red Rock formations . There are numerous outfitters who provide Jeep tours , and prices vary , depending on the type of excursion you select . We decided to bundle our Jeep tour with a 1 1/2 - hour horseback riding trip near the banks of the Verde River in Cottonwood , Arizona . During our horseback riding adventure , in a place ironically called Dead Horse Ranch State Park  none of our horses died on this trip , by the way !  , we rode under cottonwood and sycamore trees and enjoyed the panoramic views of Mingus Mountain . We finished our excursion with a picnic lunch near the horse arena , which was included in the tour package . Back at our hotel in Sedona , we hopped into our trusty rental car and wandered to an amazing piece of architecture -- the Chapel of the Holy Cross . From some angles , the chapel looks as though it 's rising from Sedona 's famed rock formations , and many comment that the structure has "  universal appeal " because of its unique design . Construction of the chapel was completed in 1956 to wide acclaim , and it was designed by Marguerite Brunswig Staude , a former student of legendary architect Frank Lloyd Wright . And while we did n't necessarily find religion during our visit , we fantasized what it might be like to get married in this church . But that will remain a fantasy , since the chapel does n't perform wedding ceremonies . A skeptic finds inner peace in Sedona We finished our day with a visit to the spa , since Sedona is known for its spa treatments .  As are many girls trips !  I selected a package called New Beginnings , where I received a psychic reading , followed by a one-hour massage . The reading was marketed as a way for "  clearing the old and expanding the new energies inside of me . " We felt refreshed from our treatments and walked away from the experience more relaxed than when we first started . I 'm not sure if I bought into the psychic reading , but it was interesting to hear what my future may hold . Day trips from Sedona The area around Sedona is rich in Old West and Native American culture and history . During our visit , we hopped into our rental car and explored some nearby cliff dwellings , including Montezuma Castle and the Palatki Ruins . These ruins of cliff dwellings  plus many more we did n't have time to visit  stand as a monument to the ingenuity of the ancient people who built them hundreds of years ago . Trips to both locations were about a 25-minute drive from our Sedona hotel . Another highlight of the trip was a visit to Jerome , Arizona , a historic copper mining town that has transformed itself into a quaint tourist town filled with shops and eateries . We enjoyed a mouth-watering lunch at the Haunted Hamburger restaurant , which we 're told is a favorite among locals for its juicy , thick burgers . We capped our trip with a visit to a winery region along North Page Springs Road , about 15 miles south of Sedona .  We had a designated driver !  Wine producers say cool nights and mild winters make ideal growing conditions for reds like merlot and cabernet . It was a perfect  and tasty  ending to a fabulous girls trip .	Arizona provided a perfect backdrop for the author 's girls trip The Grand Canyon and Sedona offered a good mix of outdoor adventure and relaxation Horseback riding , Jeep sight-seeing tours and hiking among the activities on this trip
Michael and Jamira Dixon believe they were turned in for texting by shooting suspect Curtis Reeves two weeks ago at the same Florida movie theater complex where Chad Oulson was shot to death Monday . Reeves is charged with second-degree murder after an argument about texting ended with the 71-year-old former police officer shooting Oulson in the chest , prosecutors said . The Dixons said Wednesday night that in late December during a matinee showing of "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " a man they identified as Reeves was in the same theater with them and was "  bothered by everything . " Jamira Dixon said she sent a text at 2:20 p.m. and an usher told her that she needed to put the phone away or she would have to leave the theater . The man she identified as Reeves was sitting in the same row and talked with the usher afterward and gesticulated at her and her group , she said . She said she was there with her husband , three of her children and a niece . Jamira Dixon is sure the man was Reeves because , she said , she made it a point to remember his face in case she went to file a complaint about him with theater management . CNN repeatedly tried Wednesday to get a comment about the Dixons ' claims from Reeves ' attorney Richard Escobar . He did n't respond to CNN 's requests . The Dixons spent part of Tuesday night giving their version of the events of the December 28 movie to authorities , they said . They were interviewed separately , each for an hour , they said . CNN was unable to confirm Wednesday night that those interviews took place . In recounting the experience to reporters outside their home in Wesley Chapel , the Dixons said the man never used foul language toward them ; he just angrily kept his eye on them from the end of the row . "  As the  day  went on he just glared and glared and was grumbling the whole  time  , " Jamira Dixon said . "  I do n't think he saw much of the movie , " Michael Dixon said . Another man 's cell phone went off during the movie , Jamira Dixon said , and the man leaned over and snarled at the guy on the phone . "  Can you please , please turn that off . It 's really disturbing me , " the man said , according to Dixon . She said she heard about Monday 's shooting through a Facebook post she noticed while driving that afternoon . Because the incident also involved someone texting at the same theater , she asked a friend to see if there was a picture of the suspect and send it . When she saw it she said she had to pull the car over . "  It sent chills down my spine , " she said . "  I knew it was that person that I had an encounter with a few weeks prior . " She showed the picture to her husband , who agreed it was the same man . "  I was , like , that is the same guy , " Michael Dixon said . "  It could have happened to us . We were in the same exact position . " In the aftermath , heroes responded An argument , then a shot The shooting happened early Monday afternoon at the Grove 16 theater , just before an afternoon showing of "  Lone Survivor , " a film about a Navy SEAL mission . Reeves was with his wife and sat behind Oulson , 43 , and his wife , authorities said . Oulson was using his cell phone during the previews before the film and Reeves told him to put it away , according to police and witnesses . The two men began to argue and Reeves walked out of the auditorium . Police said Reeves was going to complain to a theater employee . But Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco told CNN Tuesday night that the manager was busy with another customer and Reeves never addressed his complaint with a supervisor . When Reeves returned , witnesses and authorities said that Oulson asked him if he had gone to tell on him for texting . Police said Tuesday that Oulson was texting his young daughter 's babysitter . Voices were raised . Oulson threw a bag of popcorn at Reeves , police said . Then , the former police officer took out a .380 semi-automatic handgun and shot Oulson , police said . Opinion : Texting killineg tells us one thing Theater reopens The Grove complex , including the theater where the shooting took place , reopened Wednesday . A thin crowd trickled in to see "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " CNN affiliate WTSP reports . Complex owner Cobb Theatres hired off-duty Pasco County sheriff 's deputies to patrol the area -- at a level typical for a Friday or Saturday night , the station said . A theater employee told WTSP that the staff had actually gone through a training session the day of the shooting to help prepare them for an emergency , a precaution inspired by the theater massacre in Aurora , Colorado , that occurred in the summer of 2012 . Sheriff Nocco said the staff did an "  outstanding " job of getting everyone out of the theater in an calm and orderly way . Nocco is preparing a report to make sure all the department 's procedures were followed . Standing his ground ? Reeves made his first court appearance Tuesday on a charge of second-degree murder . Escobar , Reeves ' attorney , tried to persuade Circuit Court Judge Lynn Tepper that his client was actually the victim in the incident and that Oulson was the "  aggressor . " Police said despite Reeves ' claim that he was in fear for his safety , this was not a case for Florida 's "  stand your ground " defense . "  Working with the state attorney 's office it was determined that stand-your-ground does not fly here in this case , " Nocco said . Authorities said a preliminary investigation determined that there was no physical contact during the incident . It was popcorn , thrown by Oulson , that struck Reeves . Tepper said there was no evidence to support the claim that the shooter was a victim . She denied him bond . Is this ` insanity ' or ` just a matter of time ? ' Outside Reeves ' home Wednesday were newly hung "  No trespassing " signs . Who was the texting father ? Chad Oulson was a former U.S. Navy petty officer , serving from 1990 to 1997 , according to spokeswoman Lt. Richlyn Neal . Wednesday morning , a woman who said she was Oulson 's sister answered the door at his home in the Tampa suburb of Land O ' Lakes . She declined to give her name but told a CNN reporter and producer that the family was n't going to make a public statement for a while , and that they were struggling with their grief and arranging a funeral for Oulson . She did say , however , that Oulson has a daughter who is just under 2 years old . Though the garage door was shut , a day earlier the Tampa Tribune reported that a reporter saw a motocross motorcycle was on a stand next to a gold pickup truck and a child 's wagon . "  He loved his job , loved his family , loved motocross , loved the motorcycle world , " friend Joseph Detrapani told the newspaper . "  He grew up riding motocross and loved to keep doing it , even at his age of 43 , he 's still out there every weekend riding . " "  It is just going to be a huge hole in everybody 's lives for him and his family . He 'd give you the shirt off his back if he needed to , " Joseph Trapani told CNN affiliate WFTS . Theater security Theater violence is nothing new . Less than two years ago , an Aurora , Colorado , cineplex was the scene of a shooting massacre that left 12 people dead . Theater chains had already moved to ban handguns . Cobb Theatres , which owns the Grove 16 and more than 120 other theaters , says posters displaying its zero weapons policy are posted on its front doors . Other chains have also stepped up safety measures . Still , is that enough ? "  The question is going to become : how are they enforcing them ? Is a sign sufficient to give notice that you shall not bring a handgun on our premises ? " CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos asked . There are theater chains that take it a step further , employing security guards at some locations to keep patrons safe . "  If somebody were to bring in a bag , for instance , they 're immediately going to spot something like that or if they 're acting unusual or nervous they would spot something like this , whereas a metal detector is only looking at one thing , " according to Howard Levinson , the president of Expert Security Consulting . The National Association of Theatre Owners does n't comment publicly on theater security matters , but says "  we encourage our patrons to remember that they are sharing a common wish to be entertained and to treat their fellow moviegoers with courtesy and respect . " Guns in theaters	Couple says they are sure the man that turned them in for texting is Reeves Jamira Dixon says the man just glared at them throughout the movie CNN 's attempts to reach Reeves ' attorney for comment were unsuccessful Bond denied for Reeves in movie theater shooting that followed texting dispute
Las Vegas  CNN  -- At the gadget industry 's annual crystal-ball convention , laptops look more like products of Aston Martin than Fisher-Price . With sales of budget laptops plummeting , computer makers are swinging the pendulum toward sleeker , metallic and pricier portable PCs that they 're calling Ultrabooks . Many of these were shown for the first time here this week at the International Consumer Electronics Show . Most PC giants have committed to building Ultrabooks . The laptops typically use flash memory instead of hard drives , have no disc readers in order to stay thin , and weigh less than three pounds . Some computer makers see Ultrabooks as an evolution of the laptop in response to demands created by lightweight tablet computers . This view is even shared by PC companies that produce tablets of their own . "  We have learned a lot from the tablet , " Lenovo Group CEO Yang Yuanqing said in an interview . "  I do n't think the desktop will die . " Similarly , Dell CEO Michael Dell told an audience in Bangalore , India , on Monday that tablets and smartphones are not a preferable way to browse the Web compared to computers . Dell has not had success in the smartphone market and failed in its brief foray into tablets , though the company plans to return this year , Reuters reports . Lenovo , the second-largest PC maker , makes tablets based on Google 's Android software but has not had much success with them . "  The tablet is a niche market , " Yuanqing said . "  People still can not give up the keyboard and the larger screen . " Ultrabooks often draw comparisons to Apple 's MacBook Air , which sells well in spite of the iPad 's continued dominance of the tablet computing market . Apple is expected to increase its sales of that line of laptops to 8.9 million next year , but competitors are expected to sell about 10 million Ultrabooks , according to International Strategy & Investment Group analyst Brian Marshall . The Ultrabook 's prospects for bolstering the PC industry come at an opportune time . Global shipments of PCs fell 1.4 % compared to the same three-month period last year , according to industry research firm Gartner . The rare decline comes amid a slowdown in computer demand from the United States and Europe , the Gartner report said . Companies such as Dell and Acer , the third - and fourth-largest Windows PC vendors respectively , were major proponents of netbooks and happened to be among those hit the hardest . Analysts have suggested that the past success of netbooks was a fad born in a bleaker economy and that consumers are now turning away from lower-quality equipment . Sprint Nextel plans to take a cautious approach rather than throwing its support behind the emerging Ultrabooks trend , Fared Adib , the company 's product chief , said in an interview . Sprint had sold cellular-equipped netbooks at its stores but got burned when customer interest evaporated . "  Instead of jumping in and being a first mover , sometimes be a follower , " Adib said . Yet , the computer industry is embracing the Ultrabook , and at CES , the laptops have been met with enthusiasm . Hewlett-Packard announced that the Envy 14 Spectre will arrive in stores on February 8 costing $ 1,400 . The 14-inch laptop has reflective , black Gorilla Glass on its lid and weighs less than four pounds . Lenovo showed off several new Ultrabooks at CES . All laptops are poised to be like Ultrabooks in the future , said Yuanqing , the Lenovo CEO . However , "  the price is the main obstacle , " he said . The IdeaPad Yoga from Lenovo , typically a bargain brand in the United States , won some fans at CES despite its $ 1,200 price tag . The laptop 's screen can bend backwards creating a stand for watching video or transforming into a traditional touchscreen tablet . It will be available in the second half of the year , after the launch of Microsoft 's Windows 8 , Yuanqing said . Dell 's Ultrabook may be the most practical option for many consumers . The XPS 13 has an aluminum lid and weighs about three pounds . It won major praise for its price , $ 999 , and overall features , which includes the ability to download e-mail while the laptop is in sleep mode . ARM Holdings , the mobile chip maker that will enter the PC market this year when Microsoft adopts its architecture in Windows 8 , welcomes the move toward slimmer computers . But the Ultrabook is a creation of Intel , a competitor of ARM . "  Ultrabooks is really just a marketing concept built around the success of Apple 's fashionable products , " ARM CEO Warren East said in an interview . ARM was created as a joint venture in 1990 that included Apple , which now uses ARM chips in the iPhone and iPad , though not in laptops . Intel had pressed its partners to invest in lighter , high-end laptops , and those negotiations are now paying off . To promote Ultrabooks at its CES news conference , Intel brought on Black Eyed Peas band member Will.i.am , who described Ultrabooks as "  the new ghetto blaster . "	Ultrabooks have drummed up buzz at CES Ultrabooks are slimmer , lighter and metallic laptops The initiative is being led by Intel , the PC chip maker
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India issued an ultimatum Thursday to the manufacturer of BlackBerry smart phones : Allow access to highly encrypted information by August 31 or face a blockage of two popular messaging systems . The real-time messaging services have been under scrutiny because the encryptions make it impossible for intelligence agencies to monitor and , thus , India says , pose a potential national security threat . India wants law enforcement agencies to gain access to the BlackBerry Enterprise Service and the BlackBerry Messenger Service . "  If a technical solution is not provided by 31st August , 2010 , the government will review the position and take steps to block these two services from the network , " a news release said . What hangs in the balance is the use of BlackBerry for millions in a country with a booming wireless market . Calls placed by CNN to Research in Motion  RIM  , the Canadian manufacturer of BlackBerry , were not immediately returned . The Indian government has expressed grave security concerns over the use of highly encrypted services . Some find it hard to believe that the world 's largest democracy is taking such a tough stance . But India also has deep security concerns as one of the most-attacked countries in the world . India was shaken after suspected Pakistani militants attacked Mumbai in November , 2008 , leaving more than 160 people dead . In that incident , the government eventually tapped into satellite phone conversations between the terrorists and their handlers , but the attack was already under way . Vikram Sood , a retired Indian intelligence agent , said India would be completely blindsided if terrorists used BlackBerries to plot an attack and the devices were inaccessible by the government . "  So what do you do ? React after the fact ? " Sood asked . "  If you react after the fact , the explosion has taken place or a terrorist act has taken place , 100 people , 150 people have died . "  Who is liable for that ? Is BlackBerry going to be liable because it was withholding information in a manner of speaking ? So is n't it better to share ? Knowledge and information from all sources is necessary , there are no two ways about it . " The situation brings up an old debate brought on by new technologies -- the government 's right to know versus consumers ' rights to privacy and free flowing information . The decision will have huge ramifications in India , one of the fastest growing telecommunications markets in the world . More than 600 million Indians use cellular phones , according to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ; 1 million of those are BlackBerries . So the loss for RIM is potentially huge in India . If it loses some of the services it offers , it could have a harder time attracting customers . Telecom operators in the country seem to be hedging their bets . They 're working up contingency plans , but not really expecting to lose BlackBerry services , especially considering that RIM was able to make concessions and strike a deal with Saudi Arabia to avoid a ban . The United Arab Emirates has also threatened RIM with a shutdown of services if access to encrypted information is not granted . "  We think it will all be worked out , " said Sanjay Warke , chief executive officer of telecom giant Vodaphone 's India operations . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	NEW : After August 31 , India will take steps to block two popular services The Indian government is concerned about security breaches BlackBerry 's pin-based messaging system is under scrutiny The government wants access to highly encrypted information
CNN  -- The atmosphere is hushed and quiet as about 150 people take their seats . They 're each clutching a folder and a tiny American flag . A few whisper about being nervous , but ca n't quite articulate why . It 's the ubiquitous butterflies in the stomach that seem to come with any big day , any big decision . As big days go , this is one of the biggest . All these people are about to become citizens of the United States . They 'll gain the right to vote , to work certain jobs , to serve on a jury and to run for office . In about an hour , at the end of their citizenship ceremony in Atlanta , they 'll officially be American by choice . Jutka Emoke Barabas remembers that jittery feeling well . She was naturalized in 2000 in Honolulu , where she still lives , and is one of several CNN iReporters who spoke about why they chose to become American citizens . "  Everyone arrived too early and we found ourselves standing and waiting , hardly able to contain our excitement , " she said . "  Everyone seemed to speak at the same time as they shared their stories with one another . " There was a soldier from Cambodia , and Emoke Barabas herself , a political refugee from Hungary . As a writer with dissenting views , Emoke Barabas said she had been thrown in a Romanian prison under former dictator Nicolae Ceausescu . Her father showed her a photo of the Statue of Liberty , telling her , "  This is the place where freedom lives . " After her release , she said she made it to Switzerland and , eventually , to the United States in 1990 . Ten years later , she became a U.S. citizen . "  For me , American citizenship means freedom of expression and to live and work in a free country ... and not have to be afraid of being arrested or harassed because of owning certain common books or pictures , " said Emoke Barabas . She also feels a sense of responsibility to her adopted country . "  To be an American is not just a great honor , but also an obligation to do more and reach higher . " Naturalized citizen : Four reasons why "  America is the best " It has been a long wait in the Atlanta heat for the immigrants waiting to be naturalized this morning . The first in line arrived around 8 a.m. for a ceremony that starts at 9:30 . But this is just the last stretch of the years-long marathon that most of them have been through to become Americans . For most people , it takes at least five years to become a citizen , and that 's after you already have a green card -- permanent residency status -- a process that can take years itself . Many people at the ceremony have been in the United States for 10 years or more . One woman moved here in 1978 . Mario Imania knows how she feels . It took him 17 years to become a citizen . He came to the United States from Bolivia in 1988 for school and was n't naturalized until 2005 . "  I 'm thankful for the opportunity to stay , study and work -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- , but it was not free by any means , " said Imania . "  The process was a nightmare that never ended : thousands of dollars and many years of fear and hopelessness . " Would he do it again ? Yes , he said . Even though the United States did n't quite live up to all his expectations -- he feels society judges him based on "  race , color , origin , looks and , yes , marital status "  Imania is gay  -- he still said , "  I love you United States . You 're home at the end . " It 's almost time . Friends and family start to stream in to the ceremony room -- they had to wait until all the candidates for citizenship were seated -- and the atmosphere relaxes a little . There are waves and smiles , a few excited babies and children . The room is now full with the candidates and their loved ones . The cameras start to come out . Roland Tadoum is one of those who clicked his camera all during his naturalization ceremony , too . He became a citizen in 2007 , having moved to the United States from Cameroon 13 years earlier . "  I 'd just graduated from high school , the political situation in Cameroon was evolving into a multiparty system , the country 's currency had been devalued , the banks were failing , unemployment was at its highest , university officials and professors were constantly on strike , " he said . "  It was a simple decision . " CNN iReport : "  I am accepted for what I am , not for what I represent " Once in the United States , Tadoum earned his B.S. in computer science and went on to get an MBA . Today , he 's a senior project manager for a large health care company . "  I do n't know if my achievement could be reversed for an American moving to Cameroon , " said Tadoum . Three officials approach the podium and the ceremony begins . Lights are dimmed , and the audience rises as a recording of the national anthem comes over the speakers . The officials say 54 countries are represented in today 's naturalization ceremony . They list each one , asking the people from said country to rise , and every nationality mentioned is met with applause . Brazil , Ghana , Iran and South Korea get the loudest cheers . Everyone is standing now , all their countries ' names having been listed . The time has come . "  Ladies and gentlemen , please raise your right hand . " Cameras flash , phones shoot video . Friends and family of the naturalization candidates surround them in the room , capturing the oath of citizenship . They finally finish the lengthy oath and there are claps and cheers . They are now Americans , citizens of the United States . Many are holding and waving their little American flags . Now it 's time to say the Pledge of Allegiance . They stand with their hands over their hearts and face the flag . "  Pledging allegiance to the flag was one of the proudest moments of my life , " remembers Stephen Park , who attended his own naturalization ceremony in 2005 . Originally from Scotland , he moved to the States to be with his wife , who is from Chicago . The pair met online and decided to build their new life together in the United States . Park had a green card , "  but that was n't enough for me , " he decided . "  I believe strongly in the Constitution of this country and just having the right to work here was n't enough . I wanted the right to vote and I wanted the right to call myself American . " "  No other country gives you the right to pursue happiness , and that is the right that I have grabbed firmly with both hands , " Park said . "  A lot of people complain about this country ... but try living elsewhere without all the rights that you take for granted . In some ways , we immigrants are the lucky ones ; we see more clearly the opportunities that this great nation affords all its people . " Immigrant : Becoming American does n't mean giving up native culture The citizenship ceremony only takes about 40 minutes in total . The new citizens grin as they are each handed their certificate of naturalization . Most stick around to take photos in front of the large American flag next to the podium , or a portrait of President Obama that is hanging on the wall . They proudly display their certificates of naturalization and wave their flags for the camera . They 're Americans now -- Americans by choice .	This July Fourth , we ask naturalized citizens why they chose to become Americans Some wanted a better education or career opportunities Others needed to escape political or economic turmoil See the process of naturalization through the eyes of immigrants
An 11-year-old Israeli girl is being treated for severe burns after a Molotov cocktail was hurled into the car she was riding in Thursday in a West Bank settlement community , national EMS provider Magen David Adom said . The incident took place at around 6 p.m. in Ma'ale Shomron , a spokesperson for the Israel Defense Forces confirmed . The girl 's father was also in the car -- which had Israeli license plates -- but he was able to escape the vehicle with only minor burns , according to the paramedic service . Their names have not been released . Both were transported to a hospital . The spokesperson said the IDF was still searching the area for the attacker Thursday evening .	Girl and father burned when Molotov cocktail tossed into their car Attack happened Thursday evening in West Bank settlement Ma'ale Shomron IDF still looking for the attacker
