Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder , a longtime target of Republicans who have tried to force him out of office , now faces the prospect of angering liberal supporters when the Justice Department decides whether to file federal charges in the Trayvon Martin killing . Civil rights groups are planning nationwide vigils , and more than a million people support an online petition drive calling for admitted shooter George Zimmerman to face federal charges in the February 2012 killing . Holder confronted that political pressure Tuesday in a speech to the NAACP , which is conducting the petition drive . He repeated his pledge for a full investigation of Martin 's death in the aftermath of Zimmerman 's acquittal on murder and manslaughter charges by a Florida court , saying the Justice Department "  will continue to act in a manner that is consistent with the facts and the law . We will not be afraid . " But he was careful to avoid any promise or hint of federal charges . Instead , Holder took aim at "  stand your ground " laws like the one in Florida that have expanded the right to respond with deadly force if attacked outside the home . Those laws "  try to fix something that was never broken " and "  senselessly expand the concept of self-defense and sow dangerous conflict in our neighborhoods , " he said . "  By allowing -- and perhaps encouraging -- violent situations to escalate in public , such laws undermine public safety , " Holder said in his first public comment on legislation that more than 30 states have passed in some form . Despite outrage , federal charges uncertain in Zimmerman case "  We must stand our ground to ensure that our laws reduce violence and take a hard look at laws that contribute to more violence than they prevent , " he added . Zimmerman 's lawyers did n't invoke Florida 's "  stand your ground " law in court , but it was included in the instructions to the jury that acquitted him . Florida Gov. Rick Scott 's office reaffirmed his support for the law Tuesday afternoon , saying a task force set up by his office reviewed the statute after Martin 's death . "  The task force recommended that the law should not be overturned , and Governor Scott agrees , " Scott spokeswoman Melissa Sellers said in a written statement . Chris W. Cox , executive director of the National Rifle Association 's Institute for Legislative Action , similarly disagreed with Holder . "  The attorney general fails to understand that self-defense is not a concept , it 's a fundamental human right , " he said in a statement . "  To send a message that legitimate self-defense is to blame is unconscionable , and demonstrates once again that this administration will exploit tragedies to push their political agenda . " Stevie Wonder says he 'll boycott ` stand your ground ' states Holder 's focus Tuesday on a broader legal issue avoided the difficult decision he faces over whether to bring federal criminal charges . Legal experts say federal charges against Zimmerman are unlikely . Because Zimmerman is a private citizen , he can only be charged with a hate crime in terms of civil rights violations under federal law , said David Weinstein , a former federal prosecutor in Florida who now is in private practice . To successfully prosecute Zimmerman , the Justice Department would have to show that Zimmerman "  caused the death of Trayvon Martin solely motivated by/because of his race or color , " Weinstein told CNN in an e-mail . "  This element was absent from the state trial and quite frankly does n't exist . " Verdict does n't end debate in Trayvon Martin death CNN Legal analyst Paul Callan agreed Monday that federal prosecutors are "  in sort of a tough spot . " The hate crimes statute is generally applied to cases involving police officers or other government agents , Callan said , adding that using it in a case involving a lone private citizen is "  very , very rare and I think in this case , it 's going to be very hard to prove . " Sources told CNN Monday that Justice Department officials were reviewing trial evidence to determine if such a case was winnable . The sources made clear that Holder 's department would only file charges if officials believe they can secure a conviction . If Holder decides not to bring a federal case against Zimmerman , he will disappoint liberal supporters who contend the Martin killing was a civil rights violation . The nation 's first African-American attorney general has been popular with the political left for his support of gay marriage and challenges to GOP efforts to change voting laws . At the same time , his policies have made him a political lightning rod for conservatives . Holder was censured last year by the Republican-led House over complaints that he failed to fully cooperate with a congressional investigation of the botched "  Fast and Furious " gun-walking operation . He called the episode a politically motivated effort to discredit him . 5 things about the controversy surrounding Eric Holder Last year , Holder himself raised questions about possible federal charges against Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , who killed Martin during an altercation as the unarmed teenager was walking in the community . "  For a federal hate crime , we have to prove the highest standard in the law , " Holder said in April 2012 , 45 days after Zimmerman shot Martin in what was depicted by civil rights groups as a racially motivated killing . In words that now sound prescient , Holder described to reporters that day how "  something that was reckless , that was negligent does not meet that standard . " "  We have to show that there was specific intent to do the crime with requisite state of mind , " he said . Zimmerman 's acquittal on Saturday showed the Florida jury rejected that he intended to kill Martin for any reason , including the racial motivation necessary for federal charges that he violated Martin 's civil rights . In a speech in Washington on Monday , Holder said the Justice Department would "  continue to act in a manner that is consistent with the facts and the law " in examining what he called "  the tragic , unnecessary shooting death of Trayvon Martin . " "  Independent of the legal determination that will be made , I believe that this tragedy provides yet another opportunity for our nation to speak honestly about the complicated and emotionally charged issues that this case has raised , " Holder said . "  We must not -- as we have too often in the past -- let this opportunity pass . " Zimmerman was ` justified ' in shooting Martin , juror says Separately , the White House said President Barack Obama would play no role in deciding whether federal charges are filed . "  Cases are brought on the merits and the merits are evaluated by the professionals at the Department of Justice , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . The president on Sunday called Martin 's killing a tragedy for America , but said in a written statement that the jury had spoken . He acknowledged the case had "  elicited strong passions , " but urged "  calm reflection " in its aftermath . Still , political pressure for a federal case is mounting . On Tuesday , the Rev. Al Sharpton and other civil rights leaders gathered outside the Department of Justice to announce scores of "  Justice for Trayvon " vigils outside of federal buildings across the country this weekend . "  People all over the country will gather to show that we are not having a two - or three-day anger fit , " Sharpton said . "  This is a social movement for justice . " He also called for a full federal investigation of the Martin killing , saying mere remarks by Obama and others were n't enough . "  The president has made a statement of consolation , " Sharpton said . "  We do n't need consolation . We need legislation and we need some federal prosecution . " Watch Holder 's speech Those seeking federal charges say the killing was racially motivated , arguing that Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , targeted Martin for special scrutiny because the teenager was an African-American . Regardless of how the shooting occurred , they say , the fight occurred because of Martin 's race . "  The most fundamental of civil rights -- the right to life -- was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin , " says the petition on the NAACP website . Five Reasons for acquittal Rep. Marcia Fudge , the Ohio Democrat who chairs the Congressional Black Caucus , said racial profiling like what Zimmerman did to Martin "  continues to make communities of innocent individuals fear a justice system designed to protect them . " "  Men and women wonder if merely walking or driving justifies being followed , stopped , or questioned , " Fudge said in a statement Monday . "  This practice and the presumption of guilt so often associated with people of color must come to an end . " Petition to White House Such political pressure evokes memories of the Rodney King case in 1991 , when videotape of white Los Angeles police officers clubbing an African-American man after a car chase prompted race-tinged national furor . When a criminal court failed to convict the officers of police brutality , riots ensued in Los Angeles over alleged racial discrimination . The Justice Department then filed a civil rights suit against the officers , alleging "  deprivations of federal rights under color of law , " and two of them were convicted in 1993 . A court sentenced them to 30 months in federal prison . Weinstein said the Justice Department ca n't file similar charges against Zimmerman because he is a private citizen instead of a police officer or government official of any kind . "  There are no other relevant sections under which to prosecute him " other than the hate crime statute , which covers "  offenses involving actual or perceived race , color , religion , or national origin , " Weinstein added . A federal hate crimes violation in a killing carries a maximum penalty of life in prison . Even if the federal charges were identical to the state charges , it would not be double jeopardy for Zimmerman because the federal government is a separate and sovereign entity . Martin 's family can still file a civil wrongful death lawsuit against Zimmerman to seek penalties and damages . Such a legal move carries no criminal penalty or prison time . Obama wo n't get involved in decision CNN 's Carol Cratty , Jessica Yellin and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : NRA accuses administration of exploiting tragedies for political gain In weighing federal probe , "  We will not be afraid , " Holder says Florida governor defends "  stand your ground " law Those self-defense laws "  sow dangerous conflict , " Holder says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro has granted Pope Benedict XVI 's request to make Good Friday a holiday -- at least this year -- Cuban state media reported Saturday . During his visit to Cuba this week , the pope asked Castro to recognize the day Christians commemorate Jesus Christ 's crucifixion , a Vatican spokesman said . The government said it would give workers the day off April 6 , the first time Good Friday has been officially celebrated since the 1959 Cuban revolution . Previously , the only other religious holiday the government recognized in Cuba was Christmas , which was deemed a holiday in 1997 at the request of Pope John Paul II prior to his visit to the island . According to Cuban state media , Castro told the pontiff on Wednesday that Good Friday would be officially celebrated this year . Whether Good Friday would remain a permanent holiday is still under consideration , the reports said . In a private meeting with Raul Castro , Benedict also requested that the church be allowed to open Catholic schools and air religious broadcasts , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said during a press conference in Havana . So far , the Cuban government has not responded publicly to those requests .	Pope Benedict XVI made visit to Cuba He asked Raul Castro to make Good Friday a holiday Workers will have April 6 off
CNN  -- The cloud sounds amazing . Set up your entire digital life to sync automatically with a server run by some big  ostensibly responsible  tech company , and you never have to worry about losing data again , right ? Wrong , of course . As a Wired writer 's recent brush with hackers shows , there are plenty of ways for your cloud-based accounts -- Amazon , Apple , Google -- to be hacked . And while both Amazon and Apple responded to Mat Honan 's story  you should read the whole thing ; he says he lost all his pictures of his young daughter in the attack  by at least temporarily changing their policies in hopes of better protecting consumers , there are still plenty of cloud-related precautions security experts say you should take . These go beyond just setting passwords that are n't "  12345 . "  Hopefully you made that switch in 1998 . Hopefully . Here are five of the best cloud-safety tips we could rustle up : 1 . Backup everything -- in the cloud and on the ground . In his account for Wired , Honan writes that he does n't actually blame the person who hacked him for the fact that he lost all of the data on his laptop . "  I 'm mostly mad at myself , " he writes . "  I 'm mad as hell for not backing up my data . I 'm sad , and shocked , and feel that I am ultimately to blame for that loss . " Robert Siciliano , an online security expert at McAfee , said people should back up their data not only with a cloud service such as iCloud , Mozy or others but also on "  at least two , three or four " real-life hard drives . For maximum protection , put these backups in multiple locations . "  You do n't want to have all your eggs in one basket , " he said . 2 . Use a bunch  maybe hundreds ?  of different passwords . Here 's another one from Siciliano : Create different passwords for every single online account . "  I have 700 and something passwords , " he said . You can use a password management service such as RoboForm or LastPass to generate hard-to-guess passwords and to store them on the devices you use most often . Other security experts recommend writing the passwords down in one place and storing that paper in your wallet -- although that could pose a security risk if your wallet is stolen . 3 . Do n't link all of your accounts together . This is sometimes called daisy-chaining , and Honan writes that it 's one of the things that did him in . If you use Facebook , Twitter or Google to log in to other social networks or websites , you may run the risk of all those accounts being compromised at once . Siciliano said it 's OK to link accounts sometimes , but you should try to think like a hacker when you 're doing it . "  Connect accounts , " he said , "  but you have to reverse engineer the process . What could a bad guy do if he got access to this account ? " If he or she could get bank account info , reconsider . 4 . Use two-factor authentication on Google and Facebook . This one is key . Both Facebook and Google offer what 's called "  two-factor authentication " or sign-in . Google 's Matt Cutts explained this in detail in a recent blog post called "  Please turn on two-factor authentication . " He writes : "  Two-factor authentication means ` something you know '  like a password  and ` something you have , ' which can be an object like a phone . " For example , Google will send you a code via text or voice message when you sign in . You 'll then need your password and the code to log into your Google account from an unfamiliar computer if you have two-factor authentication turned on . "  You can tell Google to trust your  other  computer for 30 days and sometimes even longer , " Cutts writes . Facebook , meanwhile , has a similar feature that it calls "  Login Approvals . " It 's used when you log in from an unfamiliar computer . You have to turn both these features on . And , according to Wired 's Kim Zetter , some other services , including Amazon , Rackspace and WordPress  with a plug-in  have two-factor authentication , using some of Google 's tools . Not every online service has these options . But "  when a site has given you additional security options  like Gmail 's two factor authentication which sends you an SMS when you try to log into your account  -- USE THEM ! " Graham Cluley , a senior technology consultant at Sophos , wrote in an e-mail . 5 . Do n't use ` Find My Mac ' on Apple computers . Here 's another one from Honan . If you use "  Find My Mac , " which is designed to help you locate your laptop in the event of a theft , you run the risk that a thief or hacker could wipe it clean , which is what appears to have happened to him . "  When you perform a remote hard drive wipe on Find my Mac , the system asks you to create a four-digit PIN so that the process can be reversed . But here 's the thing : If someone else performs that wipe -- someone who gained access to your iCloud account through malicious means -- there 's no way for you to enter that PIN , " he writes . Do you have tips of your own ? Let us know in the comments .	Security experts offer tips on how to use the cloud safely Back up your files in multiple places , including in on-the-ground hard drives Use a different password for every website and social network Turn on Google 's and Facebook 's two-factor authentication features
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Jorge Ramos has been the face of Univision 's News broadcast for 24 years . The program 's estimated audience of more than 2 million viewers exceeds most English language news broadcasts . Ramos is also a best-selling author of 10 books . His latest is "  A Country for All : An Immigrant Manifesto . " CNN spoke to him in Phoenix where he was covering Arizona 's controversial immigration law , SB1070 : CNN : You came to the United States as an immigrant yourself . What is your story ? Jorge Ramos : Well I was working as a journalist in Mexico , and one day when I was very young out of college they censored one of the stories that I was doing on the president of the country . And back then I was very idealistic -- and I still am -- and I decided to quit . I quit my job in Mexico . I sold my car for $ 2,000 , got a student visa and came to the United States . And it was supposed to be for only one year , that was January 2 , 1983 , and that year has become 27 years . So this country gave me the opportunities that my country of origin , Mexico , could n't give me . CNN : How were you able to stay in this country on a student visa ? JR : The student visa became a work permit . With the work permit I started working as a reporter in Los Angeles and then after being a few years in Los Angeles I became at 28 the anchorman for Univision news . CNN : You have written 10 books in your time here , often focusing on Latinos . But why immigration ? Why now ? JR : It 's a book on the urgent need to have immigration reform . As we can see what happened in Arizona -LSB- the overturning of parts of SB 1070 -RSB- it 's a step in the right direction for Latinos and immigrants , but it 's simply not enough . Things are exactly the same as two weeks ago or two months ago or two years ago or even 20 years ago because we still have 11 million people in the U.S. without any rights whatsoever . It 's really incredible that the most powerful country in the world is treating 11 million people as second-class citizens or second-class human beings . CNN : You 're getting a lot of criticism with this book not for criticizing the conservatives who are targeting immigrants , rather for accusing President Obama of breaking a campaign promise . Please explain this . JR : Yea , when Barack Obama was running for president he told Univision in an interview that he was going to have an immigration bill during his first year in office . It was an important promise because back then Barack Obama was trying to the get the Democratic nomination against Hilary Clinton . Hillary Clinton had promised that she was going to do it during the first 100 days . Anyway , Latinos believed Barack Obama ; 67 percent of Latinos voted for Barack Obama and at the end President Barack Obama did n't keep his promise . He broke a promise . So , Obama broke his promise , Democrats do n't have the political will to push for immigration reform right now and Republicans are missing in action during immigration . Nobody is really doing anything for immigrants right now . CNN : As an anchor for one of the largest Spanish-speaking news networks in the world , have you been able to get the Democratic leadership or the president to tell you what is behind the delay ? JR : I think it 's politics , simply politics . Democrats are very scared of losing the elections in November . The Democrats are afraid of losing control of the House of Representatives , if not the Senate . So they are not willing to push their luck right now on immigration and since immigrants , especially undocumented immigrants , ca n't vote there is really nothing to gain . But it was a campaign promise . Democrats were , most of them , for immigration reform and right now when they see the political wings are going the other way they are doing nothing . Because of the lack of action and leadership in Washington , that 's why things like this are happening in Arizona . Other states realize that nothing is happening in Washington and they 're taking immigration into their own hands . It 's wrong , but that 's what they 're doing . CNN : Let 's talk about the Republican Party at the national level . There 's a movement within Christian Republicans , many of whom are Latino , who are trying to promote a "  Not Arizona but not Amnesty " position . Is the Republican Party listening to them ? JR : I do n't think honestly that the Republican Party is listening to them . The Republican Party has to make peace with Latinos , otherwise they 're going to keep on losing election after election after election . Latinos will become the majority in this country in less than 100 years . We wo n't be here to see it , but without the Hispanic vote , no one can make it to the White House . If Republicans do n't make peace with Latinos , Texas is going to become a blue state and Republicans are going to keep on losing elections . They do n't get the fact that immigration is the most important symbolic issue for Latinos . Other issues are more important jobs , education , health care , but immigration is the most important issue . If Republicans do n't get it , they are going to keep on losing the Hispanic vote . CNN : Millions of Spanish-speaking people living in America watch Univision . During the SB1070 story when you were in Phoenix at the State Capitol , you were surrounded by hundreds of people watching your live shots . What do your viewers want in the way of immigration reform ? JR : It 's very simple . They want to be legal in this country . They know that they are not criminals . They know that they are not terrorists , yet they 're being blamed for the crime in this country . Those who are criticizing them , they 're completely wrong . Crime is down in all the United States . Most immigrants are not terrorists or criminals . They pay taxes . They create jobs . They do n't abuse the system and they are very frustrated because no one is paying attention to them . So what they see in Univision -- the Spanish language media -- is the kind of leadership that they do n't see in politicians . I mean look , Latinos are 15 percent of the population and we only have one U.S. senator , so there is a lack of leadership in the Hispanic community . The only way for them to communicate is through Spanish language media . That 's why you see hundreds of people whenever we go , you know ? CNN : As a journalist you know that we must remain objective . Seeing all these admirers , I can not help but wonder how you can remain objective on this story . JR : I think it is a fair question and I think its something that I that I have to answer very honestly . As a journalist , I am not allowed and I will never give my opinion on the air when I 'm doing the newscast . I have to give both points of view and that 's exactly what I do all the time . But as an immigrant with a voice , because I have the privilege of having a voice , there are times when I have the need to talk for those who do n't have a voice . As long as you 're very clear on your roles , as long as you tell people exactly what you 're doing , I think I am being fair and honest . CNN : Will your next book be based on this immigration coverage ? JR : I do n't know , I do n't know . But right now I know that immigration reform has to be won in English . I mean the book in Spanish has sold very well , but it really does n't matter because I 'm speaking to the converted . Immigration reform has to be won in English and that 's the only way . Even with an accent , you know ?	Jorge Ramos is the main news anchor for Spanish language station , Univision He came to the United States from Mexico in his 20s He is critical of Obama for not getting an immigration bill in his first year in office
Washington  CNN  -- In a move likely to reignite the political battle over judges , President Barack Obama on Thursday renominated 33 people to the federal courts , including a New York lawyer twice blocked by Republicans worried she would be an "  activist " on the bench . Caitlin Halligan was one of two nominees named again by Obama to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , seen by many as a professional steppingstone to the Supreme Court . Halligan is currently general counsel for the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office in New York . She would fill the seat vacated by John Roberts , who joined the Supreme Court as chief justice in 2005 . In his announcement , Obama said his nominees should have been given up-or-down Senate votes before the 112th Congress adjourned . "  Several have been awaiting a vote for more than six months , even though they all enjoy bipartisan support . I continue to be grateful for their willingness to serve and remain confident that they will apply the law with the utmost impartiality and integrity , " he said . "  I urge the Senate to consider and confirm these nominees without delay , so all Americans can have equal and timely access to justice . " By law , the president must resubmit nominations that did not receive floor action in the previous session of Congress . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , last week urged Republicans not to stop Obama 's pending nominations . "  There are more judicial vacancies now - 75 - than when President Obama was sworn into office four years ago , " said Leahy . "  The nominations of too many qualified judicial nominees have needlessly languished on the Senate calendar . " Chief Justice laments ` fiscal cliff ' effects on federal courts In a rare move , Senate Republicans voted in December 2011 to block Halligan the first time she was tapped for the court , complaining the 46-year-old Ohio native was too liberal and would be an activist on the bench . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said at the time that Halligan met the "  extraordinary circumstances " standard for a filibuster under a 2005 Senate agreement that allowed filibusters of judicial nominees only in extreme cases . McConnell complained about Halligan 's legal positions on gun rights , detainee rights , and immigration and said she would bring an activist agenda to the court . Democrats had defended Halligan as a "  superbly qualified nominee , " in the words of Leahy . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , called her a moderate and said Republicans have distorted her record . Halligan 's 2012 renomination languished without action , typical of an election year , when confirmations for a variety of political and practical reasons are given a lower legislative priority . Also renominated for the D.C. Circuit is Sri Srinivasan , the principal deputy solicitor general at the Justice Department , who has argued more than 20 cases before the Supreme Court . He would be the appeals court 's first Asian-American , if confirmed . Republicans had been criticized for delaying floor votes on many nominees in the president 's first term in office . But the White House , too , has come under fire for not moving quickly to fill growing bench vacancies . Some moderates from both parties have long lamented threats of delays and filibuster attempts of most presidential appointments . They say ongoing vacancies have created a crisis in many federal courts , with bulging dockets being handled by too few judges .	Nominees include one whose selection was blocked twice already in Senate Judiciary Committee chair urges Senate to stop holding up nominations Republicans blamed for blocking nominees , but White House said too slow Moderates say unfilled vacancies create crisis in courts staffed by too few judges
CNN  -- As a teenager , it 's easy to feel lost , to get swallowed up into the mob mentality and lose your voice . We 've all been victim to that ; anyone who says they have n't is either lying or under the age of 13 years . And so when a teenage girl undertakes such an incredible task of courage , one adults cower in fear of doing , the event takes on utmost significance . This is exactly what Malala Yousafzai , a huge inspiration to me and so many other girls , did . Malala stood up for herself , for her education and for her fundamental rights when confronted by a fearsome terrorist group . Malala has created a chain reaction all around the world , bringing change , light and hope to girls across all continents . Being teenage girls in the United States , so many times , we forget the opportunities we have been given . We roll our eyes and joke about dropping out of school , a right we take for granted in this country . I do n't know if I speak for all girls when I say this , but I know for me that after hearing about Malala 's fight for education , I can not take mine so lightly any longer . I plan to continue my education so that I can fight for those who can not . Malala has inspired me to study politics , gender studies , social justice and peace so that I am equipped with the tools I need to help others , the tools so many girls are not given . Malala wins Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought But Malala has inspired more than just my own education ; she has inspired my entire outlook and goals . After I first learned of Malala , I could n't stop thinking about her . Yes , I was more serious about my education and understood its importance now , but I wanted to become an activist and do something . I became co-president of my school 's club School Girls Unite , a group that sponsors the education of 66 girls in Mali and lobbies Congress annually to increase foreign aid for education . I also became involved with the International Day of the Girl Child as the Day of the Girl U.S. youth outreach coordinator so I could speak to more girls about issues like education . I have heard some people say that Malala is a mere poster child for Western ideals of education , but that could not be further from the truth ; Malala is the hero who created the domino effect of change , bringing attention and empowering girls and boys alike to act on this issue . Malala : Accolades , applause and a grim milestone It may sound corny , but I assure you that it is true : I believe that Malala has changed the course of my life , and I only hope that through activism around the world , other girls will have their lives changed as well . Thank you , Malala . Thank you for your bravery , your passion and your heroism . You inspire me and so many other girls so much , and what you do is incredible . You go , girl ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julia Fine .	Julia Fine submitted the winning entry in a CNN contest about Malala Yousufzai Fine : Malala , in her bravery , is a huge inspiration to her and so many other girls She says Malala is a hero who brought attention to education and empowers kids Watch Malala on "  The Bravest Girl in the World " at 7 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN
CNN  -- Pirates off Somalia have hijacked two more vessels in the Gulf of Aden , the European Union naval force said Saturday -- the third and fourth vessels they have captured this week . The British-flagged Asian Glory was seized off Somalia late Friday , the naval force said . The nationality of the pirates was unclear , because the hijacking happened outside of the force 's operations area , it said . The British Foreign Office would not confirm the hijacking , but said no British nationals were aboard . Also Friday , Somali pirates seized the Singaporean-flagged chemical tanker M/V Pramoni , also in the Gulf of Aden , the naval force said . The 20,000-ton chemical tanker was carrying a crew of 24 and was heading to Kandla , India , when attacked , the naval force said . The crew consists of 17 Indonesians , five Chinese , one Nigerian and one Vietnamese , the naval force said . The ship 's master reported all the crew were well after the hijacking , the naval force said . The ship was heading toward Somalia after the hijacking , the naval force said . The Asian Glory is owned by London-based Zodiac Maritime Agencies , according to Lloyd 's Register of Ships . Zodiac also owns another vessel that was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden , the British-flagged chemical tanker St. James Park , according to the company 's Web site . The St. James Park has a crew of 26 , consisting of Bulgarians , Filipinos , Georgians , Indians , Poles , Romanians , Russians , Turks and Ukrainians , the EU naval force said . The vessel had arrived at the Somali port of Hobyo , a pirate stronghold , the naval force said Saturday . Monday , pirates also hijacked the Greek-owned carrier Navios Apollon , the naval force said . It had been heading for Thailand , but was on its way to the Somali coast after the hijacking , it said . CNN 's Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report .	UK Foreign Office : No British nationals aboard British-flagged Asian Glory Somali pirates seized Singaporean-flagged chemical tanker M/V Pramoni Friday Two other vessels -- one British-flagged , the other Greek-owned -- taken in past week
When Jason Collins pulls on his No. 98 Brooklyn Nets jersey , he 's not just representing a basketball team . As the first openly gay player in major U.S. sports , he 's also paying tribute to Matthew Shepard , the victim of one of the most infamous hate crimes in recent American history . Shepard , a gay University of Wyoming student , was beaten to death in 1998 . "  I was very fortunate to speak with Matthew 's mother , Judy , " Collins told CNN 's "  Unguarded with Rachel Nichols . " "  She had some great advice I do n't think she would mind me sharing . Typically I like to keep private conversations private but her message was : ` Let the haters hate . Just keep living your life and keep going out there and being yourself . ' " It 's a powerful message and it 's proving effective -- earlier this week Collins ' No. 98 jersey became the best-selling in the NBA . Not bad when you consider that Collins -- who had been without a team after coming out at the end of last season -- has only signed a 10-day contract with the Nets . "  It 's really cool to see the support that 's out there , " he said . "  It 's cool to see that people are going out there and buying the jersey and wearing it with pride . "  So I hope that continues and I 'll keep wearing the jersey and keep going out there and trying to do my job . " Collins has been doing his job since making his NBA debut in 2001 . He spent seven years with the New Jersey Nets , the former name of his current employer , before going on to play for Memphis Grizzlies , Minnesota Timberwolves , Atlanta Hawks , Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards . The center 's first game of 2014 could n't have gone any better . The 35-year-old played 10 minutes during a 108-102 win at the Los Angeles Lakers -- his hometown team -- and was given a warm ovation by the Staples Center crowd . The reception he received is an indication of Collins ' newfound prominence . Since coming out in a cover story for an issue of Sports Illustrated in April 2013 , he has become part of a band of high-profile U.S. athletes who have gone public about their homosexuality -- and they have been supporting each other . U.S. international Robbie Rogers , who plays for Major League Soccer 's Los Angeles Galaxy , announced he was gay two months before Collins . After telling the world about his sexuality , Collins went to Rogers for advice on how to handle the media . NFL prospect Michael Sam revealed he was gay this month after completing his college career . If drafted by a franchise , he will become the league 's first openly gay player . "  I 've met some other athletes who are in the same position as I am , " explained Collins . "  We 're sort of like a fraternity just trying to help each other , just trying to keep inspiring each other , whether it be Robbie Rogers or Michael Sam , the list goes on and on . "  And it 's really great to you know hear each other 's stories and keep inspiring each other to work , " added Collins , who was a guest of First Lady Michelle Obama at the State of the Union address in January . A free agent since July , Collins ' determination to get back in the NBA was such that he went on a five-mile run the morning before his trip to the House of Representatives . "  I 've grown so much as an individual , I 've come across so many great people , great organizations , heard so many great stories , inspiring stories , " he said . "  I feel like with my actions I 've had a positive impact on someone else 's life . " While Collins ' return to the NBA has been a success , it could well be short-lived . His temporary contract means he could be out of the league again by the end of next week , but he remains hopeful of extending his professional career . "  You know anything can happen -- anything 's possible , " he said . "  You continue to work hard , that 's what I did over the past 10 months ... Always having that positive mindset that good things will happen if you prepare for it . "  It 's the same environment . Everything is the same . Like I said before , 12 years in the NBA , not a problem , not an issue . Year 13 , not a problem , not an issue , same old , same old . " For the man who is changing the face of the U.S. basketball , Collins is convinced everything looks just like it did before .	Jason Collins is the first openly gay player in major U.S. sport history Collin 's has played in Brooklyn Nets wins since signing a 10-day contract He is one of a group of high-profile athletes to have come out in recent times Robbie Rogers announced he was gay last year , Michael Sam recently came out
After Sunday 's commuter rail derailment next to the Hudson River in New York killed four passengers and injured scores more , observers are once again ready to assail the backwards state of the nation 's rail infrastructure . How could Americans let something like this happen in the 21st century in one of the nation 's greatest global cities ? The train was going a shocking 82 mph when it should have been traveling at 70 mph , slowing to 30 mph into the curve at Spuyten Duyvil station in the Bronx . The engineer of the train said he was "  in a daze " at the time of the accident . Do n't we have technologies that can prevent trains from gathering and maintaining such speed at dangerous curves -- or technologies that can automatically deploy the brakes if they do ? If these technologies exist , and we know they do , are we simply not investing properly in our trains and tracks and signaling systems ? Surely there will be an outcry about the sad state of New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority funding , and the funding of the nation 's rails and infrastructure networks as a whole . Much of the developed world has invested heavily in high-speed rail and yet the United States , with a massive market for long-distance intercity rail travel , has not even scratched its surface . Our governors have balked at support for high-speed links , channeling federal subsidies instead to more politically popular state projects like roads , highways and bridges -- leaving high-speed intercity travel a dream and our regional rail systems an uneven patchwork of service . But the lessons of the Spuyten Duyvil derailment wo n't be known for some time , and they likely are n't so simple as more investment . For a start , the technology that could have potentially prevented the fatal derailment -- positive train control , or PTC , is already being deployed on freight lines across the country . Mandated by the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 , tens of thousands of track side devices are being connected to rail signals and switches to communicate wirelessly with retrofitted locomotives up and down the country 's major rail thoroughfares . Engineers operating trains with PTC systems will be told and shown in real time exactly where and how much they need to slow down , based on the curvature of the track , on congestion and on the train 's speed , weight and length . Failure to respond to the computer data will result in automatic deployment of the train 's brakes . Widow says train crash victim was ` pure goodness " Its nice to think that entirely new systems incorporating new and faster cars would make derailments disappear into the history books , but they probably wo n't . Although the absence of high-speed technologies in this country means that rail travel is not an attractive option for certain long-distance journeys and contributes to higher levels of pollution and road congestion in places , it does n't really make rail travel any less safe . Indeed , countries with high-speed rail have roughly the same rate of derailments and crashes as we do -- often with far more serious consequences . Take China for example . Within five years of announcing its extraordinary $ 250 billion investment in 7,500 miles of high-speed rail , the country opened its first high-speed line . The same year , 2008 , a horrific train crash on the Beijing to Quindao bullet train line claimed 70 lives . Three years later , in 2011 , a signal failure along one of the new high-speed rail routes out of the capital claimed another 40 lives and injured 192 -- leading to public outrage and questions about the integrity of the nation 's entire high-speed rail program . Europe 's investments in its intercity networks are typically older and more established than those of China -- but they are not immune to rail tragedy either . Despite extensive and popular programs of high-speed rail , both Spain and France have had their share of train accidents . Video footage of a 2013 derailment in northwest Spain , just outside Santiago de Compostela , displays an eerie resemblance to Sunday 's Hudson Line accident . A passenger train rounded a bend at roughly twice the speed it should have , coming off the rails adjacent to a station and killing 78 people . The problem was apparently not mechanical -- it was human error . Does any of this mean we should be complacent when an incident as tragic as Sunday 's happens ? Of course not . We should leave no stone unturned in identifying the cause of the crash . If it is ultimately attributed to an equipment failure , we should and will likely see a renewed call for greater capital investment on the part of the MTA -- and perhaps even legislative action to support it . But we should n't be naïve enough to think that more investment in our rail network in the form of newer or faster equipment necessarily makes the network safer . That investment must be smarter for it to really save lives . Although unions across the transportation world typically balk at its introduction , increased automation is often the answer to transportation safety problems . The train control systems being deployed are likely to reduce the risks of accidents like that witnessed on Sunday dramatically -- much the same way automation in planes and cars has reduced pilot errors in the sky and made road driving safer . But even the most sophisticated vehicle control systems in the world will not protect us completely from human error -- for that we have only ourselves to blame .	Kate Ascher : After deadly train derailment in New York , people lament state of U.S. rail system Ascher : Technology that might have prevented accident is being deployed on freight lines Ascher : Horrific rail crashes in China , Spain , France show high-tech is n't safer More investment wo n't make trains completely safe , she says . It wo n't stop human error
Robert , Louisiana  CNN  -- Three attempts to pump mud and 16 tries to stuff solid material into a breached Gulf of Mexico oil well failed to stop the flow , top BP executives said Saturday , and engineers and executives with the oil giant have decided to "  move on to the next option . " That option : Place a custom-built cap to fit over the "  lower marine riser package , " BP chief operation officer Doug Suttles said . BP crews were already at work Saturday to ready the materials for that option , he said . Suttles said three separate pumping efforts and 30,000 barrels of mud -- along with what chief executive officer Tony Hayward described as "  16 different bridging material shots " -- just did n't do the trick . "  We have not been able to stop the flow , " a somber Suttles told reporters . " ... Repeated pumping , we do n't believe , will achieve success , so we will move on to the next option . " Suttles and other officials said that the "  top kill " attempt to stop the flow did so -- but only as long as they were pumping . When the pumping stopped , the oil resumed its escape . And Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry said that BP would resume using undersea dispersants for the new attempt to trap the oil . Suttles said the lower marine riser package cap "  should be able to capture most of the oil " that has fed what is now the largest oil spill in U.S. history , but he cautioned that the new cap will not provide a "  tight mechanical seal . " "  We 're confident the job will work , but obviously we can not guarantee success at this time , " he said . Engineers should be ready in about four to seven days to make the fresh attempt , he said . Landry said officials were "  disappointed in today 's announcement , " but noted that the immediate efforts to stop the flow were never intended to be permanent . "  The real solution , the end state , is a relief well , " she said . BP currently is working on two relief wells , but they are not expected to be ready until August , Suttles said . Earlier , Suttles said that BP engineers would try to place a second blowout preventer -- the piece of equipment that failed when the Deepwater Horizon exploded on April 20 -- should the lower marine riser package fail . The failed blowout preventer is a 48-foot-tall , 450-ton apparatus that sits atop the well 5,000 feet underwater . Suttles and Landry praised the clean-up efforts , however , in light of the failure of the "  top kill " attempt to stop the flow . "  It 's a tribute to everybody that we only have 107 miles of shoreline oiled and only 32 acres of marsh , " Landry said . Meanwhile , teams in Louisiana were working Saturday on a clean-up project aimed at protecting coastal marshes . Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser has said that machines would suck oil out of marshes Saturday after crews determined where to deploy them . But Nungesser told CNN that BP needed to "  step up to the plate tonight to save our wetlands " by using its might to create sand barriers to prevent the oil from moving into the marshes . "  BP needs to say it will pay to move those dredges and pump that sand berm , " he said . "  We are gon na die a slow death if we do n't get that berm . We 've got to have that barrier island . " President Barack Obama , who toured the area Friday , said federal officials were prepared to authorize moving forward with "  a portion of " an idea proposed by local officials , who want the Army Corps of Engineers to build a "  sand boom " offshore to keep the water from getting into the fragile marshlands . But Nungesser said the marshes could n't wait and that the effort needed to start immediately to save the Louisiana wetlands . Government scientists on Thursday said as many as 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of oil were spewing into the ocean every day , making this disaster perhaps twice the size of the Exxon Valdez incident . Previously , BP officials and government scientists had said 5,000 barrels  210,000 gallons  of crude were flowing out daily . "  This is clearly an environmental catastrophe , " Hayward said Friday . "  There 's no two ways about it . " In an e-mail message sent out after the announcement Saturday , Hayward said he was "  disappointed that this operation did n't work . " "  The team executed the operation perfectly , and the technology worked without a single hitch , " he said . "  We remain committed to doing everything we can to make this situation right . " Obama 's visit to the region came under intense political pressure to take control of the situation . "  We want to stop the leak , we want to contain and clean up the oil and we want to help the people in this region return to their lives and livelihoods as soon as possible , " the president told reporters . About 25 percent of the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone has been put off limits , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and fishermen are worried the gushing oil will take a more serious toll than Hurricane Katrina did in 2005 . "  Katrina was nothing but rain , water and wind . This is poison . It 's gas , " oysterman Arthur Etienne said . CNN 's Anderson Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : BP will try lower marine riser package cap next NEW : Lower marine riser package cap will capture most , but not all of oil flow NEW : Officials : Only sure option is relief wells , still 2 months away NEW : Parish president wants BP to build sand barrier islands now Workers toil on beaches and in marshes to clean up
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian investigators have no suspects in Monday 's killings of a prominent human rights lawyer and a journalist despite round-the-clock efforts to find the gunman , officials said Wednesday . A woman places flowers at the spot where Stanislav Markelov and Anastasiya Baburova were gunned down . Surveillance cameras recorded the murders but investigators could not make out the killer 's identity , Moscow Police Chief Vladimir Pronin told reporters , Russia 's Itar-Tass news agency reported . "  I can only state that it is a young man 180 centimeters  5 feet , 11 inches  high with a slim body build , " Pronin said . "  I can also state that there are no witnesses who saw the killer . " He added police could not determine the killer 's ethnicity because a cap was over his eyes . The gunman killed attorney Stanislav Markelov , 34 , in front of an office in central Moscow , Russian media reported . Journalist Anastasia Baburova , 25 , who worked for the pro-democracy newspaper Novaya Gazeta , was also shot when she tried to intervene , and she died later in a hospital , Russian reports said . The killer stood behind them and aimed at the back of the head , Novaya Gazeta reported Wednesday . An estimated 3,000 people rallied in the Chechen capital of Grozny on Tuesday to protest the killings , Interfax reported . Reurters.com reported Tuesday hundreds of mourners demanded justice for the pair . "  I am deeply sorry and disgusted for Russia : how can you just shoot people down in broad daylight in the center of Moscow , " said artist Alexandra Fomina , according to Reuters . "  Can we tolerate this much longer ? And will they catch anyone for this murder -- or will it be business as usual ? " The funerals are scheduled for Friday . Markelov was known for his work on high-profile cases . He represented the family of a Chechen woman killed by a former Russian colonel in March 2000 , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . Rebels seeking independence in Chechnya , an autonomous Russian republic , have long been fighting Russia . Markelov had held a news conference hours before his death opposing the early release of the colonel , Yury Budanov , who was freed after serving eight years of a 10-year sentence . Novaya Gazeta Editor-in-Chief Dmitry Muratov suggested Baburova was killed when she tried to apprehend the lawyer 's killer , but he also could not rule out the possibility that she herself was a target , Interfax reported . "  In fact , these two theories might well have something in common , " Muratov told the news agency . Budanov has denied any involvement in the killings . "  Do you think I want to get another prison term after spending several days in freedom ? " Budanov said in an interview with the Russian newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda . He told the interviewer the crime was "  masterminded by those who want to drive a wedge between Russians and Chechens . "	NEW : Chechens protest killings of lawyer and journalist in Moscow Attorney Stanislav Markelov killed in front of an office in central Moscow Journalist Anastasia Baburova shot when she tried to intervene Markelov had opposed release of army colonel jailed for killing Chechen woman
CNN  -- Four British soldiers have been killed in one day in separate attacks in Afghanistan , the British Ministry of Defense announced Friday . A British marine with an opium haul in Helmand province , where the four soldiers were killed . The deaths happened in three incidents in the southern Helmand province , the ministry said . Two soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing that happened Thursday afternoon during a patrol in Gereshk , the ministry said . One was a member of the Royal Gurkha Rifles and the other served with the Royal Military Police . "  With heavy heart we report another extremely sad situation , where lives of our courageous soldiers have been sacrificed for the greater good of the Afghan people , " said Lieutenant Colonel Nick Richardson , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand . "  Our deepest and heartfelt sympathies go to their families and loved ones and we offer our thoughts and prayers to them all at this most painful and distressing time . " Thursday evening , another soldier was killed by an explosion as he traveled in a Jackal 4x4 patrol vehicle , the ministry said . He served in the 2nd Battalion The Rifles . Watch Afghanistan 's president talk on U.S. troops withdrawals " Earlier in the day , a soldier from The Black Watch , 3rd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland was killed by a gunshot wound , the ministry said . He had been on patrol with the Afghan National Army in the vicinity of Woqab , close to Musa Qala .	4 British soldiers die in one day in separate attacks in Afghanistan Deaths happened in three incidents in the southern Helmand province Two soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing during a patrol in Gereshk
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday upheld a 30-day stay of execution for condemned Georgia murderer Warren Lee Hill , whose attorneys say he 's mentally disabled . Georgia had asked the justices to lift the stay , which was granted minutes before Hill had been scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday night . A federal appeals court in Atlanta halted the execution to give lawyers a month for written arguments on whether Hill should be spared under the federal ban on executions of the mentally disabled . Georgia law requires inmates to prove mental retardation "  beyond a reasonable doubt " to avoid the death penalty -- the highest standard of any state . State prosecutors say Hill has repeatedly failed to meet that standard in years of appeals . But three doctors who examined Hill for the state have reversed their conclusions and now say he should be spared , giving fresh ammunition to Hill 's attorneys . That reversal "  establishes consensus among every doctor who has evaluated Mr. Hill that he is mentally retarded , " his lawyer , Brian Kammer , said Thursday . Hill 's defenders say he has an IQ of 70 . He was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of Joseph Handspike , another inmate in a Georgia state prison . Hill was already serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend , Myra Wright , when he beat Handspike to death with a nail-studded board . Tuesday 's reprieve was his second in less than a year .	The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to overturn Warren Hill 's last-minute stay Hill had been scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday night His lawyers say he is mentally disabled and should be spared Prosecutors say his claim has n't survived court scrutiny
CNN  -- Wacho Yayo and his wife Dawe are used to seeing the plants shrivel around them , the earth crack and their cattle die . Every time a drought has hit this elderly couple 's village in northern Kenya they have had to rebuild their lives all over again . "  The last drought was bad , " 69-year-old Wacho says . "  During the drought time there was n't even any water to drink . There was no food . The animals had nothing to eat . And there was only dust blowing . I felt very bad and I was very bitter . I wanted to run away but there was nowhere to run . " The searing heat spread across the Horn of Africa last June , destroying livestock , ruining lives and decimating entire communities . When the heavy rain clouds eventually arrived in northern Kenya the people in the Darche village , near the town of Marsabit , came out of their homes and danced . ` We could n't even eat the seeds ' : Drought affecting millions By then Wacho and Dawe had lost 10 of their 15 cows , but they danced too . They knew they would struggle to support their nine children without these animals but this drought was different -- for the first time in their lives Wacho had taken insurance out on some of their cattle . Shortly before the first leaf wilted from the heat , an insurance promoter had come to their small village offering livestock insurance . It was a new initiative that has been trialed in this part of Kenya . Wacho was skeptical -- he 'd never heard of insurance and he was n't sure that he would ever see his money again . After talking it through with Dawe he eventually decided to sign up and pay a premium for a few of his cows -- he could n't afford to cover them all . "  This insurance is good , " he says , sitting on a stool outside his home , his surviving cattle listlessly tied up behind him . Once the rains came 650 herders eventually received compensation for the loss of thousands of animals . Wacho and Dawe did not get enough to buy new cows but they did manage to buy some goats . This initiative is run by the Nairobi-based organization , the International Livestock Research Institute  ILRI  . It is one of a growing number of micro-insurance schemes being rolled out in Africa . Backed by British and U.S. government development departments and the World Bank , there are plans to expand this project across northern Kenya and into southern Ethiopia . Some farmers chose not to join the insurance initiative . Others could not afford the premiums . Siko Hirdo lives just across the mud track from Wacho and Dawe . Like Wacho he relies on his cows to support his family but when the insurance man came to visit Siko decided to prioritize paying the school fees . He lost 11 of his cows and has struggled to support his 11 children ever since . "  We were faced with a severe drought and we had a lot of problems , " he says . "  Now we know the importance and value of insurance . I am now ready to insure my livestock . " Elephants and livestock battle for water in East Africa When drought hits such remote and vast areas it is impossible to count all the dead animals , so this initiative uses satellite images to quantify the loss of foliage in each area . This then determines who should be compensated and by how much . One of the biggest challenges of introducing insurance in remote rural villages is the lack of knowledge and understanding . This is where insurance promoters like Edin Ibrahim come in . As a farmer himself Ibrahim knows all about being ravaged by drought . "  Over 80 % of our population are illiterates . Understanding this insurance issue was just too hard , " he explains . "  But with the time and with the information in the language they understand and the values and importance , now they are getting it and catching up . " "  Micro-insurance for agriculture is something that farmers in the rest of the world have had access to for sometime , " says Challiss McDonough from the World Food Programme . "  African farmers , the poorest and smallest scale farmers are only just beginning to have access to and their ability to do that can really help the agriculture sector to grow and become more productive . " WFP and Oxfam America have their own micro-insurance initiative for agriculture in Ethiopia and it 's now being expanded into Senegal . McDonough warns that insurance by itself is n't a magic bullet so it 's important to combine insurance with other forms of risk management , including access to credit and savings . Nearly 400 million people in Africa live below the poverty line , and most of them depend on agriculture for their livelihoods , so vulnerability to climate-related shocks is a constant threat to their food security and well-being , the WFP warns . Kenya 's Turkana people facing climate catastrophe Back in Darche , Fatuma Galgallo stands out with her small frame consumed by a large Christmas jumper . Unlike Wacho , Dawe and Siko , she has chosen not to restock her herd . "  I am very bitter about the drought , " she says . "  I was about to die of hunger and I lost all of my livestock , I had no shelter and no husband . I had a lot of animals but I only bought insurance for two cows and I had to borrow money to afford it . Now all our animals are dead . " Her cattle were insured but she has had enough of drought and , from the look on her face it 's clear she has had enough of struggling . She was compensated but she used the money to build herself a mud-walled , corrugated iron-roofed home instead . It 's small but she is clearly proud of it and her neat little garden at the front . Across from Fatuma 's new home someone else 's animals feast on the lush green grass . The rains are here now but further down the hill the new foliage covers the bones of the animals who did not make it . Wache Yayo 's memories of drought may fade but , like these bones , they will never disappear . If his years have taught him anything it 's that insurance or not , drought will happen once again in this climate of extremes .	Vulnerable communities across the Horn of Africa have long been scarred by drought Insurance is becoming an important way of protecting and compensating those affected Nearly 400 million people in Africa live below the poverty line , and depend on agriculture Lack of understanding is one of biggest challenges of introducing insurance in villages
CNN  -- The video of four U.S. Marines urinating on three dead Taliban fighters has ricocheted around the world with viral speed , rightly provoking moral outrage abroad and shame at home . The act is a violation of professional military conduct and the fundamental moral requirement in war of showing dignity and respect to the dead . But the desecration shocks , not because it involves any sadistic mutilation of body for prize or trophy , but because the act is so primitive and regressed : Urinating marks territory . The sigh heard in the video is the vanquisher 's exuberance in being top dog . Perhaps the Marines felt a need to do something with the enemy bodies that lay at their feet -- to kick them , to spit on them , to urinate on them while they waited for the proper authorities to collect them . But vengeful impulses need to be checked . Command culture , especially in small units like this sniper platoon , sets the tone and helps prevent these lapses of character and the awful consequences that ensue . Desecration of bodies in war is nothing new nor is the public condemnation of it . In Homer 's Iliad , Achilles ' raging grief at the death of his beloved Patroclus leads to an ugly enactment of revenge . Achilles vanquishes Hector , Patroclus ' killer , and then lashing the body behind a chariot , drags his corpse face down three times around Patroclus ' tomb . The act transgresses fundamental Greek decorum in war . Homer leaves no doubt about this : "  That man without a shred of decency in his heart . " He outrages "  even the senseless clay in all his fury . " The desecration offends the gods , too , and they intervene to insure that Hector 's body remains intact despite Achilles ' brutality . And all this comes after Hector pleads to Achilles with his last breath : "  I beg you , beg you by your life , your parents , do n't let the dogs devour me ... give my body to friends to carry home again " for "  honor with fitting rites . " The soldier 's fear that his body may be despoiled by the enemy or never repatriated is universal and is at the heart of the Geneva conventions and customary international law that prohibit "  outrages against personal dignity . " Anyone who has watched over the body of a loved one knows that humanitarian treatment has a proper place both toward the living and the dead . Yet we have not always respected that dignity toward our own war dead . Consider the recent reports that the Air Force , in charge of the military mortuary at Dover Air Force Base , shipped and incinerated remains from hundreds of troops over the past decade and dumped them in a Virginia landfill . In one report from The Washington Post , Gari-Lynn Smith was , in her words , "  appalled and disgusted " when she learned the fate of her husband 's remains : "  My only peace of mind in losing my husband was that he was taken to Dover and that he was handled with dignity , love , respect and honor , " she said . "  That was completely shattered for me when I was told that he was thrown in the trash . " Why worry about remains ? I suspect it is simply because the living return to us -- however war-torn their bodies and souls -- and we want something of that for our dead , so that we can mark an honorable passage from this world . We demand that respect both from others who find our dead and from those explicitly entrusted to the care of their bodies . The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier is emblematic of that very need for a return home . Urinating on fresh corpses is repulsive mockery of the dead . This case is one of collective behavior , the act of a foursome or fivesome , where someone should have known better , among them and higher up . The incident brings to mind one that Tim O'Brien recounts in "  The Things They Carried , " his fictionalized memoir of his Vietnam years . His platoon took sniper fire and ordered an airstrike in response . Shortly after , the unit went to the scene of the strike and found an old man , lying face-up with flies already buzzing around his corpse . They propped the body up against a fence , and one by one , the unit members shook his hand and faked introductions and a toast as part of a mock funeral . Tim is the only one who refrains , sickened by the indecent sport . He 's berated for not joining in , but one buddy is admiring : "  You did a good thing today , " he said . "  That shaking hands crap , it is n't decent . ... Should 've done it myself . Takes guts . " Tim demurs : "  It was n't guts . I was scared . " It does n't really matter whether what he did was an act of moral courage or moral disgust . The point is that he 's moved by empathy , in this case toward a civilian , but it could just as well have been an enemy fighter . We should n't underestimate the power of that empathy and the responsibility military leaders have to keep it alive and well in their troops . I 've heard of soldiers finding photos in the pockets of those they 've killed and seeing in the face of a daughter or a son or a wife the bitter loss they will suffer . An Israeli who fought in the 1967 Six-Day War told me recently that the thought that raced through his mind when he killed a young Egyptian who was aiming his weapon at him , was "  He has a mother . ... What will she do ? " It is that empathy that checks ugly revenge impulses in war . It is at the core of humanitarian rules of war and their constraints . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Sherman .	Nancy Sherman : Marines urinating on Taliban corpses shames the U.S. , outrages world It violates military conduct , she said , also the moral duty to show respect toward the dead Sherman : Desecration of bodies in war is nothing new , but was disdained even in antiquity Military leaders must cultivate empathy in troops for families of the slain , she writes
Israeli forces dropped leaflets in northern Gaza on Sunday to warn residents to move away from Hamas sites to avoid military strikes . The warning came as the death toll in Gaza reached 172 , with more than 1,250 people injured , the Gaza Health Ministry said early Monday . About 70 % of the fatalities were civilians , of which 30 % were children , said Chris Gunness , spokesman for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees , which said the figures came from the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Israel said its forces have struck 1,320 "  terror targets " across Gaza , including 735 concealed rocket launchers . Seventy percent of Israel 's population lies within range of Hamas rocket attacks , the Israel Defense Forces said . One airstrike targeted the house of the head of the Gaza police , Tayseer al-Batsh , and killed at least 18 people and injured 50 , Palestinian security and medical sources told CNN on Sunday . The attack happened late Saturday . Israel has used its Iron Dome defense system against many of the more than 800 rockets fired from Gaza into Israel , the military said . Two more were intercepted Sunday over the Tel Aviv metropolitan area . One rocket that hit the city of Ashkelon on Sunday severely wounded an Israeli teen , the Israel Defense Forces said . "  All sides ... must respect the sanctity of civilian life , " Gunness said on Twitter . Pierre Krahenbuhl , head of UNRWA , planned to visit Gaza on Sunday , but the Israeli military did not authorize the mission for security reasons , Gunness said . German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier will hold meetings in the region in the coming days . "  Hope for peaceful resolution seems to be even further away , " he said Sunday in a written statement , according to a CNN translation . "  Nevertheless , in this crisis we must establish dialogue with the political decision makers . That is why , above all , it is about ongoing talks in Amman , Jerusalem and Ramallah . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry spoke by phone with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a senior State Department official said . Kerry "  condemned the rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel , and stressed Israel 's right to defend itself , " the official said . Kerry also discussed U.S. concerns about escalating tensions and reiterated the U.S. is prepared to help facilitate a ceasefire , the official said . Gazans trickle out of north Articles on Palestinian news sites showed residents trickling out of northern Gaza , headed to U.N. facilities . But not all U.N. facilities may be safe from violence . "  Worryingly , in the past 24 hours , nine UNRWA installations have been damaged , " Gunness said Sunday . "  All of these were schools , in Gaza City , the middle and north areas and around Rafah in the south of Gaza . " Some residents said they wo n't leave home . "  They will not vacate . ... Where do we go ? " asked Ramez Al-Madhoun , who lives in a building with 20 people in Beit Lahya . He said his building is home to seven adults , the rest children . In the background , the sound of rockets rang out from his northern Gaza neighborhood . Gazans generally are not allowed to cross into Israel , and Gaza 's border with Egypt is closed . Many people from northern Gaza who have relatives elsewhere in the territory have left their homes . The U.S. Consulate General in Jerusalem assisted 150 U.S. citizens in evacuating out of Gaza and into Jordan on Sunday , the consulate said in a Facebook post . Battle over ` human shields ' Video on Hamas-run television showed a Hamas spokesman urging people to serve as human shields , CNN 's Jake Tapper reported Thursday . Palestinian sources have also described some deaths in the conflict as being people who formed a "  human shield . " But former Palestinian adviser Diana Buttu told "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that she does not believe "  people are going to listen to somebody who says stay inside while your house is being bombed . " Hamas , the Palestinian militant group that controls Gaza , regularly uses sites and facilities populated by civilians . "  The leadership of Hamas and the other organizations has chosen -- at a time when they are using the population of Gaza as human shields -- to hide under ground , to flee abroad and to deliberately put civilians in the line of fire , " Netanyahu told a Cabinet meeting Sunday . "  This is the entire difference between us and Hamas -- we are using defensive systems against missiles to protect the residents of Israel , and they are using the residents of Gaza to protect arsenals of missiles . Nothing better underscores the difference in this campaign . Israel is a democracy that is fighting -- in a legitimate and focused manner -- against unbridled terrorists , " he said . The Palestine Liberation Organization , meanwhile , announced that it will ask the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination , at its annual meeting in August , to designate Israel as an "  apartheid state . " And Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will ask the United Nations "  to officially put the State of Palestine under the UN international protection system , " the PLO said . Israel raids missile site Israeli forces briefly entered Gaza early Sunday and raided a missile launching site , an Israeli military source said . It marked the first time Israeli forces have acknowledged they 've entered Gaza in the current conflict . During the incursion , which lasted about half hour , both sides exchanged gunfire at the launch site , the source said . Four Israeli soldiers suffered light injuries , but all the troops returned home safely , the source said . The source declined to comment on whether the mission achieved its objective . It likely wo n't be the last mission of this type , an Israeli military spokesman told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  We can expect these type of activities taking place , " IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . "  Special ops that happen usually below the radar , in and out , swift missions , quickly , concise and very precise at what they 're doing , to get that added value to safeguard Israeli lives . " Lerner would not give specifics , but said leaflets had warned residents of one town in Gaza to evacuate ahead of military action . He said the area was the source of many rockets fired at Israel . Israel : ` What would you do ? ' Throughout the conflict , Israel has warned Gaza residents of upcoming attacks targeting militants and terrorist infrastructure . On Twitter on Sunday , the IDF posted : "  To warn civilians of an impending strike , the IDF drops leaflets , makes personalized phone calls & sends SMSes . How many militaries do that ? " "  Sirens heard across  Israel  . Gaza terrorists are firing barrages of rockets . Israel is under attack , " the IDF posted , with a photo asking "  What would you do ? " Another tweet Sunday showed large trucks . "  As rockets fall on Israel , we keep our crossing to Gaza open . 59 truckloads of goods are about to reach Palestinians , " the post said . Hamas posted Saturday on its Twitter feed that it was going to strike Tel Aviv . "  Palestinians are defending themselves , " the group posted Sunday , with a video that it said showed it targeting a tank . Hamas also tweeted that the "  death toll rises to 162 martyrs " from Israeli airstrikes . In leaflets dropped Sunday , the IDF warned residents that it intends "  to attack terrorists and terror infrastructures . " The leaflets list areas that will be targeted . "  Israel is currently attacking , and will continue to attack , every area from which rockets are being launched at its territory . " The leaflets told residents which roads were safe to take and gave a time frame . "  The IDF is not interested in hurting you or your family members . These operations are limited and short . Whoever does not adhere to these instructions and does not vacate their house immediately is subjecting their lives and the lives of their children and family to danger , " the leaflet said . The Israeli military said it also drops empty shells on roofs , an operation it calls "  roof knocking , " to alert civilians that airstrikes are imminent . The goal of the airstrikes , the military said , is to get Hamas militants to stop firing rockets into Israel . Hostilities between the two sides escalated this month after the killing of three Israeli teenagers and a Palestinian teen . Neither Hamas nor Israel appears to be backing down . More than 10,000 Palestinians are displaced and hundreds of thousands have been affected by damage to water infrastructure , said UNWRA , the refugee agency . Concerns about a ground invasion by Israeli forces are growing , prompting the U.N. Security Council to call for a cease-fire between Israeli forces and Palestinian militants . Pope calls for Middle East cease-fire	The death toll in Gaza reaches 172 , health authorities say One airstrike targeted the house of the head of the Gaza police IDF spokesman calls raid in Gaza a special operation , indicates there will be more Palestinians to push U.N. to designate Israel "  apartheid state "
Alcohol . Bond 's alcohol . The British spy James Bond may routinely get himself out of dangerous situations with skill and charm , but his body may be suffering all the while because of his drinking habits . British researchers predict he could die from alcohol-related causes , such as liver damage , by age 56 . Scientists wanted to examine just how much alcohol the famous fictional secret agent consumes , and what effect that could have on his health . They published a study , led by Graham Johnson of the emergency department of Royal Derby Hospital , in the British Medical Journal 's Christmas edition , which features a variety of offbeat research papers . Researchers found Bond 's weekly alcohol consumption totaled 92 units a week , which is more than four times what doctors recommend . A real person would not be able to carry out such complicated tasks and function as well as Bond does while maintaining such habits , they conclude . A unit of alcohol is defined as 10 milliliters or 8 grams of pure ethanol in the United Kingdom . For some perspective on that , a bottle of wine is nine units , and a pint of beer is three , according to this study . The finding of 92 units a week could actually be the low end of the truth , as studies have shown that "  people generally underestimate their alcohol consumption by about 30 % , " the study said , noting other research has demonstrated that health surveys do n't account for about half of all alcohol sold . In other words , Bond may be drinking much more than the large quantities portrayed in the books . "  We advise an immediate referral for further assessment and treatment , " the study authors wrote , as well as "  a reduction in alcohol to safe levels . " 10 hotels featured in James Bond movies Two study authors analyzed all 14 original James Bond books by Ian Fleming , focusing on the number of days on which alcohol-related events were described . But each of them only read half the books , representing a shortcoming of the study , which was conducted in "  the study authors ' homes , in a comfy chair . " They found that in "  From Russia with Love , " on the third day of the story , Bond drank about 50 units of alcohol -- the highest daily consumption in the collection of stories . It also appears that the spy 's alcohol intake dropped around the middle of his career , but then picked back up gradually toward the end . "  This consistent but variable lifetime drinking pattern has been reported in patients with alcoholic liver disease , " study authors wrote . Note that researchers did not analyze the Bond films , only the books , so the precise level of alcoholism that Bond portrays on the big screen is an open question . James Bond 50th anniversary coverage About 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use , the study said . The cause of alcohol-related death is most often injury , liver cirrhosis , poisoning and malignancy . A real person who drank as much as Bond , more than 60 grams of alcohol per day , would be in the highest risk group for malignancies , depression , hypertension and cirrhosis and could also suffer sexual dysfunction . Early death would be likely for the spy as a result of such rampant alcohol consumption , researchers said . Fleming , the author who created the Bond character , and frequently drank and smoked tobacco , died at age 56 of heart disease . "  We suspect that Bond 's life expectancy would be similar , " the researchers wrote . Alcoholism may even be responsible for Bond 's famous catchphrase "  vodka martini -- shaken , not stirred . " This may have health-related implications , too . Study authors posit that if Bond 's alcohol consumption in the books is so chronic and excessive , he may be suffering from an alcohol-induced tremor . Chronic exposure to alcohol can damage a part of the brain called the cerebellum , which can lead to a tremor . This suggests -- and of course , this is only speculation -- that perhaps Bond ca n't actually stir his drinks . James Bond submarine car sells for $ 920,000 Is Bond the man with the golden liver ? "  In Casino Royale he drinks over 39 units before engaging in a high-speed car chase , losing control , and spending 14 days in hospital , " study authors wrote . "  We hope that this was a salutatory lesson . " And yet , Bond kept drinking in subsequent novels . There 's plenty of opportunity for another installment : "  From Rehab With Love . "	Study looked at 14 James Bond novels About 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use Researchers project Bond could die at age 56 because of alcohol use
Here 's a look at some of the techniques the CIA used to interrogate detainees that were included in a Senate Intelligence Committee report released Tuesday . 1 . The CIA conducted at least two mock executions -- among other techniques that went unreported in the agency 's cables . Others included "  nudity , dietary manipulation , exposure to cold temperatures , cold showers , " and rough takedowns . In another passage , the mock executions are included in a section that also mentions techniques like "  placing pressure on a detainee 's artery ... blowing cigarette or cigar smoke into a detainee 's face , using cold water to interrogate detainees , and subjecting a detainee to a ` hard takedown . ' " 2 . Those "  rough " or "  hard " takedowns involved CIA officers rushing into a detainee 's cell , stripping him naked and running him up and down a long hall while slapping and punching him . "  As they ran him along the corridor , a couple of times he fell and they dragged him through the dirt , " the report says . 3 . The CIA often used sleep deprivation , which "  involved keeping detainees awake for up to 180 hours , usually standing or in stress positions , at times with their hands shackled above their heads . " 4 . The CIA decided that interrogating Abu Zubaydah would take precedence over his medical care . He almost died as a result of waterboarding . In at least one waterboarding session , Abu Zubaydah "  became completely unresponsive , with bubbles rising through his open , full mouth . " He remained unresponsive until medical intervention , when he regained consciousness and expelled "  copious amounts of liquid . " 5 . The first prisoner at the COBALT detention facility , Redha al-Najar , was kept in "  isolation in total darkness . " The CIA gave him increasingly worse food , kept him in uncomfortably cold temperatures , kept him shackled and hooded and played music 24 hours a day . He wore a diaper and had no access to toilets . And he was described as being left hanging -- with one or both wrists handcuffed to an overhead bar so he could n't lower his arms -- for 22 hours a day for two straight days in an attempt to " ` break ' his resistance . " 6 . The CIA threatened the families of detainees . It used that prisoner 's "  fear for the well-being of his family to our benefit , " according to the report , by "  using ` vague threats ' to create a ` mind virus . ' " In another section , the report says "  CIA officers also threatened at least three detainees with harm to their families -- to include threats to harm the children of a detainee , threats to sexually abuse the mother of a detainee and a threat to ` cut -LSB- a detainee 's -RSB- mother 's throat . ' " 7 . One detainee faced particularly rough treatment in late 2005 . Per the report : "  According to CIA records , Abu Ja ` far al-Iraqi was subjected to nudity , dietary manipulation , insult slaps , abdominal slaps , attention grasps , facial holds , walling , stress positions and water dousing with 44 degree Fahrenheit water for 18 minutes . He was shackled in the standing position for 54 hours as part of sleep deprivation , and experienced swelling in his lower legs requiring blood thinner and spiral ace bandages . "  He was moved to a sitting position , and his sleep deprivation was extended to 78 hours . After the swelling subsided , he was provided with more blood thinner and was returned to the standing position . The sleep deprivation was extended to 102 hours . After four hours of sleep , Abu Ja ` far al-Iraqi was subjected to an additional 52 hours of sleep deprivation , after which CIA Headquarters informed interrogators that eight hours was the minimum rest period between sleep deprivation sessions exceeding 48 hours . In addition to the swelling , Abu Ja ` far al-Iraqi also experienced an edema on his head due to walling , abrasions on his neck and blisters on his ankles from shackles . " 8 . "  At least five CIA detainees were subjected to ` rectal rehydration ' or rectal feeding without documented medical necessity , " the report said . More specifically , "  Majid Khan 's ` lunch tray ' of hummus , pasta with sauce , nuts and raisins was ` pureed ' and rectally infused . " 9 . The CIA officers involved in the detention and interrogation program were n't the most savory bunch . The group "  included individuals who , among other issues , had engaged in inappropriate detainee interrogations , had workplace anger management issues and had reportedly admitted to sexual assault , " the report said . 10 . Some of those who were interrogated did n't have the best thought-out plans . After reading a satirical web story called "  How to Make an H-bomb , " U.S. citizen Jose Padilla and his associate , Binyam Mohammed , conceived the "  Dirty Bomb Plot . " The report says : "  The article instructed would-be bomb makers to enrich uranium by placing it "  in a bucket , attaching it to a six-foot rope , and swinging it around your head as fast as possible for 45 minutes . Padilla and Mohammed approached Abu Zubaydah in early 2002 , and later -LSB- Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -RSB- , with their idea to build and use this device in the United States . "  Neither Abu Zubaydah nor KSM believed the plan was viable , but KSM provided funding for , and tasked Padilla to conduct , an operation using natural gas to create explosions in tall buildings in the United States , later known as the ` Tall Buildings Plot . ' "	The Senate Intelligence Committee released its report on torture Tuesday Techniques included mock executions , sleep deprivations and dietary manipulation
CNN  -- Which television series is so good it 's worth binge-watching from beginning to end ? This question was posed over the weekend on the social networking website Reddit , where community members can solicit feedback from others on topics of their choosing . Judging from the responses , it seems that a variety of factors make a show binge-worthy , making different shows worth binging on for different reasons . Some of the most popular selections -- like "  Deadwood , " "  Orphan Black " and "  Stargate : SG1 " -- had ongoing narratives and gripping cliffhangers at the end of each episode that left viewers anxious to find out what 's next . Watching densely layered shows like those on a compressed cycle also minimizes the risk of forgetting key details or plot points that comes with waiting a week in between episodes . On the other end of the spectrum , viewers recommended fun and breezy comedies like "  Peep Show " and "  Silicon Valley , " which require little investment of time or attention but deliver big on laughs and entertainment . Popular shows that had short runs , like "  Firefly " or "  Freaks and Geeks , " also make compelling candidates if you can avoid getting emotionally attached . This list has been cherry-picked from the exhaustive thread started on Reddit , so it is by no means exhaustive . Tell us in the comments what would you add to this list .	Reddit users create list of TV shows worth binging on from beginning to end List includes ongoing dramas like "  Game of Thrones " and "  Orphan Black " Fan favorites like "  Stargate : SG1 " also made list
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- A battle over Social Security launched last week between the top two GOP presidential contenders does n't show any signs of quieting down as candidates prepare for round two at the first-ever CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate on Monday night . The debate , being held at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa , will also give the six other candidates on the stage a chance to change what many are portraying as a two-person race between Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . It all started Wednesday night at a debate at the Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley , California . Perry , the new guy in the race and the current front-runner in the national polls , and Romney , the previous front-runner in the GOP battle , sparred over jobs and Social Security . Perry stood by earlier comments that Social Security is a "  Ponzi scheme " and that it was a "  monstrous lie " to tell young workers that the 74-year-old pension system would be there when they retire . Romney fired back , saying that "  under no circumstances would I ever say by any measure it 's a failure . It is working for millions of Americans , and I 'll keep it working for millions of Americans . " Angry electorate sustains tea party movement Since then , both candidates have swung at each other through e-mail and social media . In a radio interview , Romney went a step further . "  If we nominate someone who the Democrats can correctly characterize as being opposed to Social Security , we would be obliterated as a party , " he said . Perry 's team fired back , noting that in Romney 's policy book "  No Apology , " the former Massachusetts governor compared the management of Social Security to a felony . Then , the Perry campaign started highlighting comments Romney made August 24 in Lebanon , New Hampshire , 11 days after Perry jumped into the race . "  Republicans , like myself , are not gon na cut Social Security or Medicare for people who are retired or near retirement , " Romney said at a campaign stop . "  And for the people who say we are , they are demagoguing an issue very much that harms America . " As for Romney 's charge that Perry would possibly abolish the popular government program , Perry 's team says that the Texas governor believes that Social Security must be protected for current beneficiaries and those nearing retirement age . The two candidates will once again be standing side-by-side at Monday night 's CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate . CNN and the Tea Party Express , a leading national tea party organization , are teaming up to put on the event , with questions coming from the moderator , CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer , as well as from tea party activists , supporters in the audience and voters at locations in Arizona , Ohio and Virginia . "  You do n't usually start a campaign by setting grandma 's hair on fire , " says GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . Timeline : Tea party movement "  Rick Perry needs to make it clear in this debate that he stands by his Ponzi scheme caricaturization of Social Security . He ca n't back off that , " said Castellanos , who was a top media adviser to the 2004 Bush-Cheney re-election campaign and to Romney 's 2008 bid but is not taking sides this time cycle . "  But Perry also needs to make this clear : The ` Ponzi scheme ' is what he would fix . Perry needs to reiterate that he has the same position as everyone else on stage : No changes for anyone at or near retirement , but we must save Social Security for those in the ` Ponzi scheme ' now . " Monday night 's debate could give Perry a second chance to make that point . "  Perry has to continue the momentum largely by showing a bit more polish than he did at the Reagan Library debate . He had energy and proved he belonged on the stage , but needs to help independents feel comfortable with him , " says Rich Galen , a Republican strategist who advised Fred Thompson during his 2008 GOP presidential bid . He is the author of Mullings.com , an online column . As for Romney , who 's making his second run for the White House , Galen says he should "  try and continue to plant seeds of doubt in the minds of anyone to the left of the evangelical right that Perry can be trusted to be president . " Castellanos thinks that Romney "  has to continue to do what he 's done in previous debates : Be steady , presidential and remain unswervingly focused on economics : growth , deficit reduction and jobs . " And Castellanos has this prediction : "  This debate will be a battle between ` RomneyCare ' and ` PerryCare ' . Perry imposed a mandate on 12-year-old girls , requiring them to get the HPV ` sex vaccine ' whether their parents liked it or not . A lot of Republicans will think that is worse than Romney 's health care mandate in Massachusetts . " Any showdowns over Social Security and the economy will also draw in the other six candidates sharing the stage : U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , U.S. Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , former Godfather 's Pizza CEO and radio talk show host Herman Cain , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Utah Gov. and former U.S. Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman . Bachmann interjected herself into the Social Security discussion . "  America needs to keep its promise to senior citizens , I talk to them all the time . I love senior citizens . I care about them . My mom is 80 years old , and my dad is 87 , " the congresswoman said in an interview Friday on CNN 's "  John King USA . " She believes that Social Security needs to be reformed , but "  we have to keep our promises with senior citizens . " The debate is crucial to Bachmann , who has dropped in national polling since Perry launched his campaign on August 13 , the very same day that she won a crucial straw poll in Ames , Iowa . She had strong debate performances at presidential debates in New Hampshire in June and Iowa in August , but she did n't shine to the same degree last week . "  Bachmann must get back into the game , " says Galen . "  This may be her last chance to stay in the game . " The debate may not be as crucial for Paul , who 's making his third bid for the White House . He has energetic and enthusiastic supporters and has little problem when it comes to raising campaign funds , but for some of the other candidates , a strong performance on Monday night could be crucial to driving their fundraising . "  They need to score some debating points so they can generate enough donations to make it to the next debate and , ultimately , to the point where they qualify for matching funds to pay off debts , " adds Galen . But what makes this debate different is its connection to the tea party , a 2 1/2 - year-old grassroots movement that calls for lower taxes and less government spending and regulations . The movement was extremely influential in last year 's GOP primaries in the midterm elections , and strong support from tea party activists helped the Republicans win back control of the House of Representatives . It 's expected that the tea party movement will be just as influential in the battle for the GOP presidential nomination . "  The tea party movement has become a powerful movement in American politics . Over the past two years , we have changed the political landscape of Washington , D.C. Not only have we had an impact in elections , but we have also affected legislation on a level that no one expected , " says Tea Party Express chair Amy Kremer . "  Because of these successes , it only makes sense that the tea party would engage in presidential politics . We are not going to just accept what the Republican Party wants to give to us . The people across America are tired of party politics , so it will be the people of this movement that will determine the next Republican nominee . " Follow Paul Steinhauser on Twitter : @PsteinhauserCNN	CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate on Monday could mark early turning point in campaign Perry calls Social Security a "  Ponzi scheme " while Romney wants to keep it in place . Other candidates will fight for attention as race quickly tightens Follow news leading up to the debate on CNNPolitics.com and @cnnpolitics on Twitter
CNN  -- Cuban dissident blogger Yoani Sanchez visited the White House on Wednesday , a milestone in her being allowed to travel outside the communist island . Sanchez is visiting the United States as part of an 80-day tour of 10 countries that she began in February . National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden described Sanchez , a winner of the State Department 's International Women of Courage Award , as "  a respected advocate for the freedom of information . " "  The United States looks forward to the day when all Cubans will have the opportunity to express themselves in public without fear and we will continue to support policies that encourage the free flow of information to , from and within Cuba , " Hayden said . In the White House on Wednesday , Sanchez met the senior director for Western Hemisphere affairs , Ricardo Zuniga , who is a special assistant to President Obama . She discussed her efforts to promote free speech in Cuba . Sanchez is a vocal critic of Raul and Fidel Castro , the revolutionary brothers who have been running the country for more than 50 years . Last week , Sanchez visited Columbia University in New York . For several years , Sanchez said the government retaliated against her criticism by repeatedly refusing to give her an exit visa . In January , Cuba ended its unpopular policy of requiring citizens to obtain a letter of invitation and an exit permit before leaving the country . Dissidents said the policy was used to punish them for their anti-government advocacy . While other government critics have left the country under the new law , Sanchez is the highest-profile figure in the dissident community to test the easing of restrictions . Much of the funding for her trip , Sanchez has said , came from donors and from people offering her a free place to stay . Sanchez has more than 400,000 followers on Twitter , but with limited access to the Internet in Cuba , she said she had been forced to communicate with the public by sending cell phone text messages that are uploaded to the social messaging service . She said beyond attending technology forums and enjoying easier access to high-speed Internet , she was looking forward to meeting some of the volunteers who translate her writings from Spanish to other languages . MJ Porter , who helps translate Sanchez 's blogs into English from her apartment in Seattle , told CNN last year she could n't wait to meet the Cuban blogger . "  I am a big crier , so I will probably cry for about an hour , " Porter said . "  Then I will laugh and then cry some more . It 's hard for me to imagine . " Sanchez said she was surprised to be able to travel , especially because some Cubans still face restrictions on leaving the country . The government still prohibits the travel of some officials , sports stars and citizens whose travel abroad violates "  public interest . " A handful of other dissidents have reported that they were informed by the government they would be barred from leaving the country . Longtime dissident Gisela Delgado said she was told by officials that even though she has a valid passport , she is on the list of Cubans who are n't permitted to travel . "  The state decides who can leave and who ca n't , " Delgado said . "  For 54 years , it 's been a way to manipulate us and divide us , the whole Cuban family . " CNN 's Patrick Oppman in Havana contributed to this report .	Yoani Sanchez meets with aide to President Obama at White House She discusses her efforts to promote free speech in Cuba Cuban government for years denied her an exit visa
London  CNN  -- The village of Beddau in South Wales is sleepy , picturesque , and does not normally make national news . But it hit the headlines this month when a controversial sign was put up at the children 's rugby club . "  Please remember ! These are kids , " it said . "  This is a game . The coaches are volunteers . The referees are human . This is not the Six Nations . " This sign was quickly reported by the press , and even featured on Today , BBC Radio 's flagship politics and current affairs program . Clearly , the Beddau kids ' rugby club had touched a nerve . Rugby culture is good-natured in Britain , and a sign of this sort is unusual . But a host of other junior pastimes , including soccer , Britain 's national sport , is plagued by adult boorishness . In March , the Lancashire Football Association staged a "  silent weekend " for all soccer teams aged seven to 18 . Parents were allowed to applaud when players from both teams entered or exited the pitch , or scored a goal . Otherwise , they watched in silence . Neil Yates , the Football Association 's county welfare officer , came up with the idea after seeing a nine-year-old boy reduced to tears during a game . "  He was genuinely scared , " he said . "  Poor lad was simply terrified by all those baying adults . " By all accounts , the initiative was a success . But it was also a drop in the ocean . Last year , Gary Lineker , the legendary England footballer and television presenter -- who incidentally never received a single yellow card for unsporting behavior throughout his playing career -- lambasted "  maniacal parents on the touchline spouting nonsense at their children . " "  The competitive nature of most mums and dads is astounding , " he wrote in an essay for New Statesman magazine . "  If we could just get them to shut the f -- up and let their children enjoy themselves , you 'd be staggered at the difference it would make . " Lineker even went so far as to hold parents ' behavior partially responsible for the stunted development of English soccer , which has "  never produced , proportionally , as many technically efficient players as most other countries . " Parental behavior on the touchlines is a deep-seated problem in the UK . A 2011 study by Edinburgh University found that three quarters of British children had endured "  unhelpful criticism of performance , being shouted and sworn at , being embarrassed and humiliated " . "  Disrespectful and emotionally harmful treatment of young people , " it concluded , is "  commonplace in children 's experience of sport in the UK . " It is also a problem elsewhere in the world . A definitive poll of 23,000 adults in 23 countries , carried out jointly by Reuters and Ipsos in 2010 , found that 60 % of Americans had witnessed bad behavior by a parent on a touchline . This was reflected by 59 % of Indians ; 55 % of Italians ; 54 % of Argentinians ; 53 % of Canadians ; and 50 % of Australians . What lies behind this ugly trend ? Partly , it has to be chemical . Studies have shown that spectators as well as players experience a flood of testosterone after a win , making it easy for parents to lose a sense of perspective when their children are competing . There are also convincing psychological explanations . The late Professor Tony Jurich , a pre-eminent family therapy expert at Kansas State University , blamed a lack of "  completeness " in parents , leading to a belief that the child 's successes are an extension of their own . All this pressure , he argued , is intensified by the fact that away from the sports field , cosseted modern life offers few opportunities for blood-and-guts heroics . Professor Jurich suggested that parents distance themselves from the action : the more likely you are to start yelling , the further away you should sit . "  For you it 's venting , but for your kid it 's damaging in so many ways , " he said in an interview with his university magazine . "  They may start to feel that they 're losers not only in the game , but in life . " Whatever the excuses , parents need to get a grip . But despite the success of initiatives like Silent Weekend , it would be a mistake to go to the other extreme and sanitize children 's sports . Paul Tough 's bestselling book "  How Children Succeed " -- which has revolutionized thinking in America 's public schools -- has demonstrated that qualities like grit , determination , optimism and discipline are key determinants of success in life . If such "  mental toughness " can not be forged on the sports field , how can it be developed at all ? It may be "  only a game , " but character-building is surely the whole point . Many adults tell epiphanic stories of the moment a tough-love adult gave them the self-belief and drive they needed , even though it was unpleasant at the time . My wife , for instance , credits a painful school athletics session , in which her coach refused to let her leave until she had jumped the highest hurdles , with her subsequent junior sporting success . For this to work , however , the overall context has to be healthy . Molly-coddling children may not do them any good , but any tough love must be designed to make them stronger , not break them . And for that to happen , the adults on the touchlines must learn to grow up -- whether their kids are playing rugby or anything else .	Parents putting pressure on kids playing sports becomes issue Welfare officer devises scheme after seeing child in tears due to intimidation from adults Former England soccer player Gary Lineker lambasts parents ` spouting nonsense ' at children Jake Wallis Simons : Tough love must be designed to make children stronger , not break them
CNN  A Tulsa County reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "  inadvertently " shooting a suspect with his gun . Police say Robert  Bob  Bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest , but instead shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital . The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force Thursday . Bates , a member of the task force , was part of a group of deputies trying to arrest Eric Courtney Harris , 44 , in the parking lot of a Dollar General store . Police say Harris , a convicted felon , sold undercover officers a pistol . When confronted by an arrest team , he fled the scene on foot and police say they "  observed him reaching for his waistband area ... causing concern for the deputies safety . " After a brief pursuit , police say Harris was forced to the ground , where he continued to resist arrest and "  refused to pull his left arm from underneath his body where his hand was near his waistband . " It was during this portion of the arrest that police say "  the reserve deputy was attempting to use less lethal force , believing he was utilizing a Taser , when he inadvertently discharged his service weapon , firing one round which struck Harris . " Harris died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation . Police say Harris admitted to medics at the scene that he may have been under the influence of Phencyclidine , a street drug commonly known as PCP . When asked if another gun was found on Harris , Shannon Clark of the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office says "  The suspect was placed in the ambulance and transported so quickly . I have not been told there was a second weapon found on him yet . " Deputy Robert Bates , who 's been placed on administrative leave during the investigation , received his reserve status from the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office in 2008 and was assigned to the violent crime task force . He had also served as a Tulsa Police officer . When asked by CNN affiliate KTUL whether age may have played a factor in the "  inadvertent " shooting , Clark says "  did an accident happen ? Sure . But is it accredited to his age ? Or was it accredited to the rapidly evolving situation ? I guess that will be determined in the investigation . " CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Joe Sutton contributed to this report	Police say Robert Bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest Instead , he shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital
Las Vegas  CNN  -- The hacker who goes by the pseudonym CyFi wo n't share her real name and declines to be photographed without her signature aviator sunglasses . At the annual Def Con hacking conference here Friday , Gen. Keith Alexander , director of the National Security Agency and head of the U.S. Cyber Command , brought CyFi on stage during his keynote address and called her "  the most important person for our future . " CyFi is 11 years old . For the second year in a row , Def Con organizers included a full schedule of Def Con Kids programs for beginner hackers ages 8 to 18 . The children and teens , who must be accompanied by a parent , learned how to pick locks , competed to find the most bugs in mobile apps and learned about digital forensics by investigating a mock crime scene in a hotel room . Some skilled young hackers also taught classes and gave talks . To kick off the conference , Def Con founder and veteran hacker Jeff Moss welcomed the kids with a talk on the ethics of hacking and rules for how to stay out of trouble with the law . "  I think it 's harder for you guys now than it was for me , " Moss told a room of kids and their parents . Moss started the conference in 1992 because he wanted an open place for hackers to meet in person and share information . Twenty years later , the young attendees from Def Con 's early years have grown up , established careers and started families . Now they bring their own children to Def Con to soak up the knowledge and culture , but this new generation faces a different set of rules and a maze of new laws -- not to mention parents who are savvy enough to know what they 're up to and keen on keeping their progeny out of trouble . Navigating the law "  I just want to open it , but do n't want to see what 's on the other side , " a young woman told and Moss and Lauren Gelman , an attorney who works in the field of Internet law and policy . Many of Def Con Kids ' school-age hackers are driven by the challenge of finding vulnerabilities in security systems and networks , not stealing information or money , or selling their knowledge to third parties . These "  white-hat " hackers report any issues they find directly to the developers or relevant companies so they can be more secure . But good intentions are n't always enough when it comes to staying out of legal trouble . When Moss was starting out , computer technology was n't widely understood by law enforcement , and laws were n't yet in place that classified his actions as illegal . "  Technically , I was n't committing any crimes . I was n't stealing any money , was n't trying to break anything , " said Moss . The U.S. and international governments have since drafted complicated laws that criminalize many aspects of hacking . However , Gelman pointed out that in many cases , the rules are still not clear or current , and that current laws are far behind what Def Con attendees are doing . She recommended the kids avoid breaking laws by asking for permission before testing any systems , and if that 's not possible , to find a situation where they can ask for approval . "  The lawyer perspective and mother perspective and ethics perspective is you can get in a lot of trouble if you do n't ask for permission . " Gelman is married to journalist and former hacker Kevin Poulsen and has two children . Moss has his own test for deciding whether to hack something : "  My rule of thumb is , do I completely own it ? If yes , I can hack it . " If hackers are unsure whether they are breaking the law , Gelman suggests they check the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's  EFF  site , which spells out rules for everyone from bloggers to coders . The 22-year-old organization also provides legal assistance for those who do get in trouble , taking on some cases itself or referring people to attorneys . Building a reputation Breaking the law is n't the only concern Moss , Gelman and parents have for the budding hackers -- true anonymity online is harder to come by and a bad reputation can follow these kids into adulthood . Moss warned the kids that everything they do online now until they die will be backed up to the cloud . "  That makes life more difficult for you guys , because if you get in trouble now , you 're screwed . " Twenty years ago , hackers could operate in the shadows without leaving much of a trail . Chat logs were n't recorded for long and hackers ' handles were n't easily traceable to their real-life identities . Now , most communications that take place online are stored permanently and some can be dug up by law enforcement and human-resources departments . Moss was just a kid himself when he got started with computers . At 13 , his father brought home an IBM computer for the family . By 14 , Moss was online creating a new identity for himself , conversing with adults who were oblivious to his real age and spoke to him like an equal . "  I could n't drive a car , but I could have conversations about politics with people in Russia , " he said . In those days , if someone made a mistake or needed a fresh start , they could create a new online identity . Moss got a do-over at an early age and recreated himself online as Dark Tangent , which grew into a trusted and respected identity he still uses now . Today , a fresh start is harder to come by and old communications can surface at any time . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg learned this the hard way when embarrassing instant-message conversations from his college days were made public years later . "  Your reputation is the most important thing you own , " said Moss , urging the young hackers to behave ethically , not because it will make their parents happy , but because they are the ones who will have to live with the results . Hacking for good With so many dangers , why would parents encourage their children to hack at all ? Def Con Kids organizers believe in the good that can come from hacking , including making the country more secure and helping encourage freedom of speech around the world . "  Technology can really change the world , " said Gelman , citing the liberation-technology movement that encourages hackers to help people spread messages from countries where online communication is restricted . The U.S. government sees the potential in these bright young minds as well . The Department of Defense ran the digital forensics program at Def Con Kids , hoping to encourage more education and interest in the field . And Alexander met with three of the children before going on stage to give his keynote address . "  This is our future , " Alexander said of the kids . "  What you 're doing here to help train those folks is absolutely superb , and you should be proud . "	Def Con Kids is a program at the annual Def Con hackers conference in Las Vegas Beginner hackers between ages 8 and 18 are taught hacking techniques and ethics NSA chief Gen. Keith Alexander praises the program and its kids
CNN  The U.S. Navy rescued two Saudi Arabia air force pilots from the Gulf of Aden , a U.S. military official said Friday . The pilots had ejected from their F-15 aircraft after it suffered mechanical failure , Saudi officials told U.S. sources . The two were not seriously injured . The USS Sterett , a guided-missile destroyer , coordinated the search , while the USS New York looked for the men . A rescue helicopter flew from Djibouti to retrieve them on Thursday . Saudi Arabia is leading a coalition military operation to quell a rebellion by Houthi militias in Yemen . The United States supports the operation , but is not participating in it . Three U.S. Navy ships are standing by in the Gulf of Aden for future recovery operations . U.S. manned aircraft are not permitted to fly in Yemen airspace under the current rules of engagement .	The plane suffers mechanical failure , and the pilots eject U.S. Navy ship searches for them , and a helicopter picks them up
CNN  -- Four-star Army Gen. Peter Chiarelli -- the No. 2 general in the U.S. Army -- says he is absolutely not offended that Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett mistook him for a waiter at a fancy Washington dinner this week and asked him for a glass of wine . It could have happened to anybody , Chiarelli tells CNN . "  It was an honest mistake that ANYONE could have made . She was sitting , I was standing and walking behind her and all she saw were the two stripes on my pants which were almost identical to the waiters pants -- REALLY . She apologized and will come to the house for dinner if a date can be worked out in March , " Chiarelli wrote in an e-mail . In fact , when military personnel wear their dress uniforms of short jacket and striped trousers to black-tie parties , they themselves often make jokes to each other about waiting tables . Chiarelli , a veteran of Iraq , wears a chestful of medals , which Jarrett apparently did not see . The incident was first reported on the website Daily Caller , which said Chiarelli , who oversees the Army 's programs to help ill and wounded troops from the war , went ahead and got Jarrett a glass of wine . Chiarelli tells CNN that 's not exactly what happened . "  As a ` laugh ' I poured her a glass of wine -- it was only good fun . Yes , it was an honest mistake and anyone who says otherwise is trying to make it something it was not , " Chiarelli said . Sometime , embarrassing stuff happens . Even in Washington , folks .	Obama adviser asks No. 2 Army general for wine He laughs it off Military black-tie outfit looks like server 's uniform
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Tim Geithner may be the latest political piñata in Washington these days , but -- policy aside -- there may be another reason he is the one fellow everyone is picking on at Treasury : He 's there alone . President Obama 's ethics code requires that no lobbyist can work for an agency he may have lobbied . Believe it or not , Geithner is the only confirmed official at his department . Some top nominees , even those who have served in government before , have decided to withdraw . Others are still pending as they go through arduous background checks that one pro-Obama Democrat calls "  maddening vetting hell . " Sure , this is about extensive scrutiny to make sure no one has a tax problem after Geithner 's own embarrassing unpaid tax bill . But the staffing problem is not just at Treasury , and it goes way beyond the time-consuming nature of extensive background checks . It 's also about overreaching anti-lobbyist rules . Consider Tom Malinowski . He 's the advocacy director for Human Rights Watch , an expert on genocide and torture . But when it came time for a top human rights job at the State Department , he was turned away . Why ? "  Because he lobbied against torture , " says one incredulous administration official . "  It 's crazy . " But the rules are the rules : The ethics code requires that no lobbyist can be hired to work for an agency he may have lobbied . So , just to clarify : Someone like Malinowski who lobbied against torture and is a widely acknowledged expert on international human rights law is , er , blackballed . More to the point , he was shown the door precisely because he tried to influence Congress on an issue that both he and the administration agree , and care deeply about .  Malinowski wo n't comment . Only in the Alice-in-Wonderland world of Washington would this make any sense . And it still does n't . It 's just a prime instance of the problems that can arise when great-sounding  theoretical  campaign one-liners rub up against the  real  difficulties of trying to staff a government . In other words , the short-term interest in demonizing all lobbyists has led to some very difficult staffing problems . So , if you 're an environmental expert and lobbyist , forget about the Environmental Protection Agency . But you might want to think about some work in the health field . That is , unless someone says you 're a lucky exception ! They 're rare , but William Lynn is one . He 's a top defense department appointee who once worked as a lobbyist for Raytheon , a military contractor . The White House says that  a  it has n't had much trouble staffing the government and  b  is willing to make reasonable exceptions . So far we have only seen a handful . The problem has made it difficult to operate at every department . "  A lot of good people just ca n't go into government , " says one administration official . "  It 's a huge departure from the spirit of what they wanted . " Indeed , he adds , here 's an unintended consequence : "  We 're setting up a system where the only people who qualify to work in government are the ones who never actually left government . " Oh , great . So instead of getting the best and the brightest from finance and elsewhere , we 're recycling some folks from Capitol Hill . Not that they 're unqualified , but the administration needs input from multiple sources -- outside of Washington . On top of that , the Treasury has another public relations problem : The appointment of anyone with any tie to a bank that has been bailed out or any institution that is tied to the mortgage mess is a non-starter . No wonder it 's hard to find the experts . Yet much of this problem is self-inflicted . The no-lobbyist rule could have been "  softened " to exclude nonprofit lobbyists . The administration decided against that , one senior official tells me . "  We did n't want to label people as ` good lobbyists ' or ` bad lobbyists . ' " Besides , he adds , "  We think we are flexible . " That 's not the feeling you get speaking with either those jumping hoops to try to get into government and those who have been turned away . As the administration faces its huge economic crisis , it needs all hands on deck . After all , you ca n't rebuild public confidence in a government if you do n't have one .	Obama 's overreaching anti-lobbyist rules interfere with governing , Gloria Borger says Short-term interest in demonizing all lobbyists leads to staffing problems , she says "  A lot of good people just ca n't get into government , " says one administration official Administration needs all hands on deck during this financial crisis , Borger says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice invited the woman set to replace her as the nation 's top diplomat , Sen. Hillary Clinton , to dinner Monday night , a State Department spokesman said . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , left , and Sen. Hillary Clinton dined together Monday night . The dinner took place at Rice 's home in the Watergate complex in downtown Washington , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . The meeting lasted for two hours , he said . "  They talked just very generally about policy -- the challenges , the opportunities -- talked a little bit about the job of secretary of state , talked about the ` building , ' managing a big operation , " McCormack said . The two dined after Clinton met with members of President-elect Barack Obama 's State Department transition team on Monday . Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Tuesday that important information often is exchanged during such dinners between outgoing and incoming secretaries of state . Albright , who was former President Bill Clinton 's top diplomat during his second term , said she had a similar dinner with Colin Powell , President Bush 's first secretary of state , in 2001 . Watch Albright give her advice to Obama " "  I 'm sure they had a social part of it , but Secretary Rice told her what the major challenges are , how the department works -- we call it ` the building ' -- and , generally , I think they are very nice times , " Albright said . "  It 's just a matter of really turning over the most important job in the world on foreign policy , " she added . Albright said Clinton will have to get up to speed on a number of issues , including the status of negotiations the U.S. is engaged in , who will be part of her team and how she will work with other members of Obama 's national security team . "  I know from talking to her that she has a great sense of excitement and desire to ... reintroduce America to the rest of the world , " said Albright , who said she thought that Clinton would be "  a very great secretary of state . " Earlier , Rice said she was looking forward to meeting her successor and said she believes Clinton will do "  a great job . " "  I talked with her and we 're going to sit down , and I 'm really looking forward to it . I 've known her a long time , and she is someone that I admire , " Rice told CNN on Sunday . Despite being from different parties -- and Clinton 's tough criticism of Bush 's foreign policy while she was a Democratic presidential candidate -- Rice has been effusive in her praise of the former first lady . "  President-elect Obama has made his choice , and he 's made a terrific choice . Hillary Clinton is somebody of intelligence , and she 'll do a great job , " Rice told ABC News on Sunday . "  She also has what 's most important to being secretary of state , and that is that you love this country , and you represent it from a basis of faith in its values . And I know that she will do that , " Rice added . Obama 's decision to tap Clinton as his top diplomat already has brought about changes . On Tuesday , former President Clinton released the corporate sponsors of a Clinton Global Initiative meeting in Hong Kong , a practice he previously has resisted . The sponsors of last week 's meeting included CLSA , Laureate , the Roberson Foundation , Citi , the Li Ka Shing Foundation , The Economist , HP , Ogilvy , Suzlon , Thomson Reuters and CNN . The former president agreed to make it a regular practice to disclose the sponsors of his global initiative as part of a deal with the Obama transition team to allow the nomination of his wife to go forward . He also has agreed to allow State Department officials to review his speeches and other personal activities .	Secretary of state invites Sen. Hillary Clinton to dinner at her Washington home Such dinners allow for exchange of important information , ex-secretary of state says Bill Clinton releases names of sponsors of Clinton Global Initiative in Hong Kong
London  CNN  -- What do you do if a potentially valuable Banksy graffiti work appears on one of your buildings ? If you 're the local council in the English seaside resort of Clacton-on-Sea , the answer is : remove it fast . The image , painted in Banksy 's distinctive style on a nondescript seafront building , showed a group of pigeons holding signs saying "  Migrants not welcome , " "  Go back to Africa " and "  Keep off our worms " directed at a more exotically plumed bird . To most observers , it would appear to be a sharp piece of social commentary highlighting anti-immigration rhetoric , but it sparked a complaint Tuesday to the local council that it was itself offensive and racist . The Tendring District Council 's graffiti team moved in , and as of Wednesday morning , the Banksy was no more , the council 's communications manager , Nigel Brown , told CNN . Where can you find a Banksy ? The officers did not realize the mural they were removing was by the famously anonymous graffiti artist Banksy , he said . But at the same time , if they considered that the image could be seen by some people as offensive or racist , they had a responsibility to remove it , he said . "  It 's damned if you do , damned if you do n't , " Brown said . "  But there is a ` whoops it 's a Banksy ' moment . " From graffiti to galleries Banksy 's social comment comes at a sensitive time in local politics . A special election is taking place on October 9 , triggered by the defection of the Essex district 's member of Parliament from the Conservative Party to UKIP . Immigration is a key issue for the two parties , with UKIP committed to limiting the number of migrants entering Britain . Is Bambi the female Banksy ? ` Appropriate ' Banksy work It was only after the council was contacted by the media over a photo of the work on Banksy 's website that the council realized what it had -- briefly -- had , Brown said . All that remains is a discolored smudge on the wall . "  We would obviously welcome an appropriate Banksy original on any of our seafronts and would be delighted if he returned in the future , " he said . An "  appropriate " work would have to be something that would fit into a "  family seaside resort , " he said . The world of African street art The words on the mural could have caused distress , Brown added , if the reader did not understand the irony . "  It 's not the sort of thing we would want to be on one of our own buildings in Clacton , " he said . Other Banksy artworks have become tourist attractions in their own right or have been snapped up by collectors willing to spend big bucks . A work spray-painted on a door at a youth center in the English city of Bristol , showing a couple embracing while checking their cell phones , was sold at auction in August for 403,000 pounds  more than $ 650,000  , according to UK media reports , with the proceeds going to the youth club . It seems Clacton-on-Sea wo n't get to reap similar benefits .	Council graffiti team in Clacton-on-Sea removes a Banksy image from a seafront building The image showed pigeons directing anti-immigration signs toward an exotic-looking bird An election is taking place after a local MP defected to UKIP , which wants to limit migration Council spokesman says Banksy is welcome to return any time to do an "  appropriate " work
Travel + Leisure  -- The English call them bolt-holes : intimate , personalized spaces to escape the madding crowd , filled with thought-provoking art and stylish accessories . A place to put your feet up and feel at home , plan the next foray to galleries and greenswards , or merely contemplate the approach of cocktail hour . Europeans , of course , have always had a way with chic , small-scale hotels . Here are 10 of the top newcomers , all with fewer than 15 rooms -- and many under $ 250 a night . Tenbosch House , Belgium The two attached town houses that make up Tenbosch House  doubles from $ 310  contain seven uncluttered suites in the heart of Brussels 's of-the-moment Ixelles neighborhood . The hotel showcases contemporary furnishings -- such as Tom Dixon 's copper bubble lamps -- and a rotating collection of art curated by top local galleries . 40 Winks , England Near hip Shoreditch , 40 Winks  doubles from $ 200  is a darling of the theater and fashion crowd , including actress Kristin Scott Thomas ; Dolce & Gabbana often uses the 18th-century town house turned design studio as a set for photo shoots . Above the public salons and a postage-stamp garden , the two bedrooms are filled with vintage discoveries from Portobello Road and Paris 's Clignancourt market . Travel + Leisure : Top affordable European hotels Boathouse at Knotts End , England The Lake District has always been inspiration for painters and poets , so pack watercolors and journals for a stay at the Boathouse at Knotts End  doubles from $ 463  , a 19th-century stone cottage on the water 's edge in scenic Cumbria . It has slate-and-oak interiors , with a single cozy bedroom , a lounge with a leather sofa , and a kitchen for preparing tea and biscuits . In the slip below , a boat awaits for rowing on the private lake . Hôtel Ville d'Hiver , France Hôtel Ville d'Hiver  doubles from $ 244  , in a quiet seaside town southwest of Bordeaux , takes liquid refreshment seriously . This former bottling plant has a classic bistro with an extensive wine list from the region 's best vineyards -- including 30 organic vintages . The 12 guest rooms are furnished with Napoleon-era antiques and modern steel-and-bamboo campaign beds . Babuino 181 , Italy Sepia-toned photographic murals of iconic Roman monuments set the tone in the 14 rooms at Babuino 181  doubles from $ 417  . This palazzo near the Spanish Steps retains original details -- a cast-iron railing and Italian marble staircase -- and , come this spring , will have a marvelous rooftop bar for aperitivos . Babuino is also a block from Via Margutta , a cul-de-sac lined with some of the Eternal City 's best galleries and design shops . Travel + Leisure : Europe 's best Christmas markets Aranjaya , Italy In Sicily , Aranjaya  doubles from $ 228  is a rustic farmhouse with eight antiques-filled rooms , set in an orange grove on the fertile Catania Plain , facing Mount Etna . Everything from the olive-oil soaps to the pasta  prepared by a Tunisian chef and served poolside  is produced on or around this 300-year-old estate . Inn on the Lake , The Netherlands Just outside Amsterdam , a 17th-century church rectory has been transformed into the Inn on the Lake  doubles from $ 165  . The four bedrooms -- decorated with soft pastels and prints -- overlook the cobblestoned village square or a waterway that freezes in winter for ice-skating . At the restaurant , do n't miss the venison with red cabbage or cod fillet with hollandaise . Consolación , Spain On a cliff near a pilgrimage route in Aragon , Consolación  doubles from $ 190  has 10 cube-shaped guest quarters with sunken baths and wood-burning fireboxes hanging from the ceiling . One wall is made entirely of glass , for unobstructed views of the pine-covered hills . In the adjacent 18th-century hermitage are two additional suites , a restaurant serving seasonal fare , and a library for those who want to curl up with a real page-turner . Travel + Leisure : Best life-changing trips Treehotel , Sweden The Treehotel  doubles from $ 482  , inspired by a documentary film about tree huggers , takes green to new heights . Suspended in the trees of a forest in northern Sweden , 37 miles from the Arctic Circle , the five conceptual retreats resemble , respectively , a cubic cabin , a flying saucer , a bird 's nest , a Modernist pinecone , and a mirrored box . Footbridges and viewing platforms above the Lule River valley allow guests to commune with nature . Even the birch sauna seems to float in midair . Vorstadt 14 , Switzerland Part of the RoughLuxe collection , Vorstadt 14  doubles from $ 490  is an art experiment from top to bottom . The ground floor of this updated 15th-century house near Zurich is occupied by Face , a postmodern gallery , while the remaining three floors -- called Brain and Soul -- contain a suite and a private apartment with an open fireplace and platform bed . For cocooning creatives , chef Hubert Erni will deliver sushi and strudel from his equally progressive restaurant the Blinker , nearby . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	These chic , small-scale hotels show bigger is n't necessarily better Hôtel Ville d'Hiver in France offers an extensive wine list from the region 's best vineyards One wall at the Consolación in Spain is made entirely of glass , for unobstructed views
Jerusalem  CNN  -- One person was killed and at least 12 were injured Saturday when more than two dozen rockets fired by Gaza militants slammed into Israeli cites . It 's the latest in the ongoing tit-for-tat violence between Israel and militants over the past three days . The fatality occurred in Beer Sheva , according to Eli Bin , an emergency official in the region . Four people were seriously injured and two suffered moderate wounds when rockets struck a house and car . An unknown number of trauma injuries were being transported to the hospital , Bin said . Hamas militants in Gaza claimed responsibility for a volley of rockets that struck Ofakim , 25 kilometers west of Beer Sheva . Two children and a man were injured when one of the rockets directly hit a building , Bin said . Hamas ' armed wing , the Izzedine al Qassam Brigades , said it fired four long-range Grad rockets at Ofakim . A long-range missile struck the Israeli port city of Ashdod , injuring three people , authorities said . The attacks followed overnight airstrikes that targeted what Israeli security officials said were militant sites in Gaza . Earlier in the day , Hamas announced it was ending a two-year truce with Israel . "  There is no truce with the Israeli occupation under the continuation of committing massacres against the Palestinian people without justification , " according to the statement from the Izzedine al Qassam Brigades , which was broadcast on a Hamas-run radio station . "  We call for groups to join in calling against the crimes of the Israeli occupation . " The latest violence began Thursday with a string of deadly terror attacks against Israeli civilians and soldiers and was followed by Israeli strikes in Gaza . Israel said Saturday that its airstrikes are "  in response to the terror attacks executed in the proximity of Eilat on Thursday , and the rockets fired from Gaza at Israel since . " "  The IDF holds the Hamas terrorist organization solely responsible for any terrorist activity emanating from the Gaza Strip , " the Israeli statement said . The series of attacks and airstrikes have increased tensions in the region , and comes just a month before the Palestinians plan to make a bid for statehood in the United Nations . Israel believes the attacks had their roots in Gaza , but were coming out of the neighboring Egyptian region of Sinai . Egypt denies the allegation , saying it has been cracking down on terror groups in its portion of the Sinai . The Popular Resistance Committees in Gaza , whose leaders were targeted in Israel 's initial airstrike Thursday , and Hamas have denied involvement in the recent attacks on Israel . Hamas has said Israel was looking for a pretext to attack Gaza . Hamas , which controls the Palestinian government in Gaza , has maintained what it has described as a de facto truce with Israel since late 2008 . But it has carried out attacks targeting Israelis in response to what it has described as acts of Israeli aggression . Hamas is listed as a terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union . Three men were injured in the attack on Ashdod , which occurred about 6 a.m. , said Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri . She said the men who were injured were Palestinian laborers illegally working in Israel . Overnight , the Israel Defense Forces targeted what it said were two tunnels it saw used by militants in Gaza to launch attacks against Israeli civilians and soldiers , the IDF statement said . The IDF also said it struck a weapons storage facility in southern Gaza and another militant site . Israel seized the Gaza Strip , the West Bank and other territory during the 1967 Six-Day War . President Barack Obama earlier this year called on negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians to be based on border demarcations pre-dating the 1967 war . On Saturday , the Mideast Quartet -- the United States , the United Nations , the European Union , and Russia -- issued a statement voicing its concerns over "  the unsustainable situation in Gaza as well as the risk of escalation " and the group of negotiators "  calls for restraint from all sides . " CNN 's Kevin Flower , Michal Zippori and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : One person killed in rocket attack on Beer Sheva More than 24 rockets and mortars have struck Israel on Saturday The attacks follow overnight Israeli airstrikes on Gaza The military wing of Hamas calls an end to a de facto truce with Israel
CNN  -- Major League Baseball is set to suspend some 20 players in the coming weeks due to a scandal involving performance-enhancing drugs , according to an ESPN report that said a key figure in the case is now ready to cooperate with investigators . The network says it is potentially the worst drug-abuse case in the history of U.S. sports . The league declined to comment to CNN but confirmed that an investigation is in the works . The players union said Wednesday that players are being interviewed by baseball officials and are represented by attorneys . "  The commissioner 's office has assured us that no decisions regarding discipline have been made or will be made until those interviews are completed , " the union said in a written statement . Baseball 's highest-paid player , New York Yankee third baseman Alex "  A-Rod " Rodriguez , as well as Ryan Braun of the Milwaukee Brewers , are among those facing suspension , ESPN said , citing unnamed sources . Both have denied recently using performance-enhancing drugs , or PEDs . Rodriguez has admitted in the past to using banned substances when he played with the Texas Rangers in the early 2000s . A-Rod denies performance-enhancing drugs reports The league may seek to ban the players for 100 games by counting the doping itself as one infraction and lying about having taken the drugs as a second one , ESPN reported . Major league players can appeal any possible suspensions , as Braun did in 2012 . That year , a drug test showed high levels of testosterone in his body , but the outfielder successfully disputed the testing process , and the suspension was overturned in February . Asked about the ESPN report Tuesday , Braun said he was sticking by his previous account . "  The truth has not changed , " he told reporters , declining to comment further . CNN has not independently confirmed the ESPN report . A Florida newspaper first leveled doping allegations at Rodriguez in January . The Miami New Times reported that the shortstop and third baseman had acquired the drugs from a now-closed Miami anti-aging clinic called "  Biogenesis , " run by Anthony Bosch . Twitter reacts to PED saga ESPN said Bosch , who allegedly supplied baseball players with performance-enhancing substances , has agreed to cooperate in the MLB investigation . CBS Sports also confirmed Bosch will talk to investigators . Records obtained by MLB name many players , but league investigators need Bosch to attest to their accuracy and confirm that players were doping , ESPN reported , citing unnamed sources . The league filed a suit against Biogenesis in March for allegedly supplying PEDs to players and advising them on how to avoid detection during drug tests . ESPN reported that MLB may drop the suit against Bosch , if he cooperates in its investigation . MLB sues Florida clinic linked to supplying players with PEDs Managers tight-lipped On Tuesday , the managers for the Yankees and the Brewers said little . "  I know Major League Baseball is handling it , and that 's all I know , " Brewers manager Ron Roenicke told journalists at a post-game news conference in Milwaukee . Yankees manager Joe Girardi started out dodging reporters who grilled him on ESPN 's report after New York 's game but softened when it came to his concerns about Rodriguez . "  I always worry about my players , always , " he said . "  One thing you never want to forget is -- they 're human beings . " In January : MLB expands testing for HGH , testosterone He did not say whether he had discussed the looming scandal with Rodriguez . "  When I talk to Alex , it 's baseball-related . That 's what it is , " Girardi said . He feared the game he has dedicated his life to will suffer because of the scandal . "  I worry about baseball being affected as a game , the whole thing , and what it 's been through in the last 15 years . " What we 've learned : A complete timeline Rodriguez was at the Yankees training facility in Florida on Tuesday , recovering from an injury . He could not be reached for comment . A 100-game suspension could cost him more that $ 15 million , ESPN reported . New York outfielder Vernon Wells was discouraged by the scandal . "  We 've done so much as a group to try to rid ourselves of conversations like this , " he said . In spite of advances in drug testing , new doping techniques designed to avoid detection keep coming , Wells said . "  There 's always someone out there trying to beat the system from a medical standpoint . " Baseball writers balk at Hall of Fame class of '13	Players union says MLB is interviewing players , who have attorneys Ryan Braun sticks by his denial : "  The truth has n't changed " ESPN : If the suspensions hold up , it could be the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history Baseball 's highest-paid player , Alex Rodriguez , may face suspension
CNN  -- Seattle paleontologists Friday safely removed the largest fossilized mammoth tusk discovered in the region from a construction site , according to the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture . The fossil is probably a tusk from a Columbian mammoth , or Mammuthus columbi , which was designated the Washington state fossil in 1998 , according to a statement on the museum website . The tusk , 8 feet 6 inches long , appears to be the most intact and largest discovered in Seattle . The fossil was found Tuesday about 7 feet below an AMLI Residential Partners apartment development site , the statement said . Burke paleontologists estimate that the tusk is at least 16,000 years old , but could be up to 60,000 years old . Carbon dating would provide a definitive age . "  The tusk presents a rare opportunity for paleontologists and other researchers to understand the paleoenvironmental conditions present in Seattle during the ice age , " the statement said . Scott Koppelman , senior vice president of AMLI Residential , said in a prepared statement that the excavation will cause a construction delay , "  but the scientific and educational benefits of this discovery clearly outweigh the costs and delay . This is an exciting discovery for our local Northwest history . " The tusk was taken to the museum , which has paleontology collections that include 25 mammoth fossils from King County , most of which are skeletal fragments and were found in Seattle . Burke paleontologists earlier removed dirt from around the waterlogged tusk with shovels , trowels and brushes , and placed layers of plaster-soaked burlap bandages on one side of the tusk , the museum said in a statement . The plaster was meant to protect the tusk when moved . The drying process could take at least 12 months , during which time Burke conservators will remove the plaster and repair any damage to the tusk . "  Since the tusk is on private property , it could have ended up in a private collection , " said Christian Sidor , the museum 's curator of vertebrate paleontology . "  We are very fortunate that AMLI contacted us to remove and care for the tusk . " According to the museum , contemporary ice age mammals include giant ground sloths  Megalonyx jeffersoni  like one found at SeaTac airport and now on display at the Burke Museum , and extinct bison  Bison antiquus  , among others . "  Conditions were much colder and drier than today , and the region was probably covered with grassland and occasional pine trees , akin to the northern edges of modern boreal forests , " the statement said . Mastodons and mammoths are ancient elephant relatives that once inhabited North America , the statement said . Both became extinct as glaciers receded at the end of the ice ages between 10,000 and 11,000 years ago . Mammoths , which were larger than mastodons and much more closely related to elephants , arrived in North America from Asia about 2 million years ago , according to the museum . "  Columbian Mammoths grew to 12 feet at the shoulder , taller than woolly mammoths  Mammuthus primigenius  and about the size of the modern Asian elephant  Elephas maximus  , " the museum website said . "  Their very long tusks curved down from the face , then upward at the ends . Columbian mammoths were herbivores , with a diet that included grasses and conifers . They chewed grass with large , flat , washboard-like teeth that are very similar to the teeth of modern elephants . "	NEW : Fossilized tusk from likely Columbian mammoth removed from construction site Tusk is at least 16,000 years old , but it could be up to 60,000 years old , a museum says It appears to be the most intact and largest discovered in Seattle
CNN  -- Exposure to the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has resulted in 162 cases of illnesses reported to the Louisiana state health department , according to a report released Monday . Of those cases , 128 involved workers on oil rigs or individuals involved in the oil spill cleanup efforts , the report said . Among the most common reported symptoms were throat irritation , shortness of breath , cough , eye irritation , nausea and headaches , according to the department 's oil spill surveillance report . The weekly report gathers data from a surveillance network of doctors , clinics , emergency care locations and medical facilities . According to the most recent report , since the beginning of the oil spill , of the workers who reported illnesses , 120 were male and eight were female . Of the general public affected , nine were male and 25 were female . Most of those who reported symptoms were between the ages of 18 and 64 , the report said . There were six illnesses reported the week of June 20 , a sharp decrease from a high of 38 reported illnesses the first week of June , the report said . Several of the workers who fell ill reportedly had been exposed to fumes from the dispersants being deployed in the Gulf , the report said . Most of those affected worked on the cleanup efforts in some way . Twenty-three of those with symptoms worked on an oil rig , the report said . Most workers went to an emergency room or an urgent care center when they developed symptoms . At least 21 people were briefly hospitalized . In a related development , Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals Secretary Alan Levine asked Monday that BP pay $ 10 million to fund six months of mental health services to people affected by the spill . "  There exists anger , anxiety and uncertainty among the families and communities affected by the spill , which will easily manifest into addiction and various forms of mental health crisis if not confronted , " he said in a letter to BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles . Teams have counseled almost 2,000 people in affected areas , and are reporting increases in anxiety , depression , stress , grief , excessive drinking , earlier drinking and suicidal ideation , he said . "  These are early warning signs of developing substance abuse and dependence , mental illness , suicide and familial breakdown including divorce , spouse abuse and child abuse and neglect . " In a separate request , Catholic Charities is seeking $ 3.2 million for six months of mental health services , he said in the letter , which asked Suttles to respond within a week .	Louisiana report says 162 people have reported illnesses 128 of those were workers in the Gulf and the rest from the general public Symptoms included throat irritation , shortness of breath , coughing Most were between the ages of 18 and 64
CNN  -- Roma moved up to sixth place in the Serie A table after a 1-0 victory in the Rome ` derby ' against city rivals Lazio . Substitute full-back Marco Cassetti scored the only goal in the 79th minute , finding the corner of the net with a scuffed shot from Mirko Vucinic 's cross . Lazio had enjoyed the better of the chances in a tight matchm with Mauro Zarate striking the post on the hour mark -- before Roma goalkeeper Julio Sergio made an instinctive one-handed save from Stefano Mauri 's follow-up . Roma were reduced to 10 men in the 88th minute when David Pizarro picked up his second yellow card , but they held on for the victory on a match that was held up for 10 minutes in the first-half because of crowd disturbances . In Sunday 's other matches , Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth in the table . With Italy 's top three all playing on Saturday , Parma came into the match in fourth after Sampdoria 's 3-0 defeat at AC Milan on Saturday dropped them down to fifth overnight . Rodrigo Palacio initially put Genoa in position to take fourth themselves with a 14th minute opener . But Biabiany struck on 36 and 59 minutes to give Parma the lead before Raffaelle Palladino equalized eight minutes later , leaving Genoa in seventh position . At one point during the afternoon Cagliari , who had won five of their last six matches and beat Juventus 2-0 a week ago , had looked in pole position to go fourth as they led 1-0 at Palermo at halftime through Alessandro Matri . But goals from Igor Budan and Simon Kjaer 10 minutes apart gave Delio Rossi his first win as coach of the Sicilians . Fiorentina moved up to fifth after their 2-0 home win over Atalanta ended their two-match losing streak . Peru international Juan Vargas opened the scoring on 26 minutes with a left-foot rocket from outside the box and Italy forward Alberto Gilardino clinched the victory a minute from time . The race for fourth is now so tight that Parma are only five points above Palermo in 13th place . Napoli extended their unbeaten run since Walter Mazzarri took over from Roberto Donadoni to nine matches in all competitions as Fabio Quagliarella scored a brace , including the winner two minutes from time , in a 3-2 success at home to Bari . Bari led 2-1 after an hour through goals from Paulo Barreto and Andrea Ranocchia but then had Alessandro Parisi dismissed . Cristian Maggio restored parity before Quagliarella 's late winner while Bari ended with nine men as Ranocchia also saw red late on . At the bottom of the table Siena gave themselves a lifeline with a come-from-behind 3-2 home win over second bottom Catania .	Roma move up to sixth place in the Serie A table after a 1-0 victory over city rivals Lazio Substitute full-back Marco Cassetti scored the only goal of the game in the 79th minute Jonathan Biabiany scored twice as Parma drew 2-2 away to Genoa to keep hold of fourth position
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- The FBI has seized a two-page , handwritten letter of condolence sent by Jacqueline Kennedy to the widow of Robert F. Kennedy shortly after he was assassinated in 1968 . The family contends the letter was stolen . Jacqueline Kennedy sent her sister-in-law a condolence letter in 1968 which is now in the hands of the FBI . "  We 're trying to determine who the legal owner is , " said Mark White , a spokesman for the FBI . "  There 's still an ongoing investigation . " The letter 's path from the Virginia home of Robert Kennedy 's widow , Ethel Kennedy , to a locked evidence vault in the Dallas field office of the FBI is described in a six-page affidavit filed last month in U.S. District Court in the Northern District of Texas by Special Agent John Skillestad . It says Max Kennedy , the son of Ethel and Robert , alerted the bureau in July 2006 to the letter 's pending auction at Heritage Galleries and Auctioneers Galleries in Dallas . Max Kennedy , who said he is the sole person in charge of his parents ' papers , "  stated that he had not given authority to sell , give , or donate any papers of Ethel or Robert Kennedy to anyone , " the affidavit says . After the gallery pulled the letter from its auction , the FBI traced its provenance to Thomas Nuckols , who told authorities he had found it among the papers left by his father , Russell Thomas Nuckols , a plumber who died in 1999 . "  Thomas Nuckols said he was dumbfounded upon discovery of the letter because he had never seen it before and did not know how it came into his father 's possession , " the affidavit says . Nuckols said he contacted the Kennedy Library in Boston , Massachusetts , but "  the person on the telephone did not seem too interested in the letter " and referred him to a Connecticut collector , who bought it for $ 6,000 , the affidavit says . CNN has not been able to reach Nuckols . The letter was then resold to several other collectors , and was at one time valued at as much as $ 30,000 before it wound up with the Dallas auctioneer , who has cooperated with authorities , the FBI said . Last October , the FBI spoke with Ethel Kennedy , who said she remembers Russell Thomas Nuckols as a plumber who worked at the Kennedy house in Virginia during the 1960s and 1970s , the affidavit says . The 81-year-old widow of the former senator and attorney general said she "  never gave the letter to anyone to keep and under no circumstances would anyone have the authority to transfer ownership of the letter to anyone . " The affidavit concludes that the letter "  is considered as a stolen good . " Once the rightful owner is determined , it will be given to that person , FBI spokesman White said . "  I do n't know how long it will take . " Jacqueline Kennedy was the widow of President John F. Kennedy , who was assassinated in 1963 . In the letter she mentions "  Stas , " an apparent reference to Stanislas Radziwill , her brother-in-law . Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died in 1994 . The letter is not dated , but appears to have been written shortly after Robert Kennedy died on June 6 , 1968 , the victim of an assassin 's bullet . The Dallas News printed a copy of the letter , which White confirmed is authentic . It reads : My Ethel -- No one in the world could have ever been like you were yesterday -- except maybe Bobby -- We are going home now -- Your phone was busy You do n't want any more callers you must be so tired -- I stayed up till 6:30 last night just thinking -- and praying for you -- and for you in the months ahead -- I love you so much -- You know that anything -- Stas will take little Bobby to Africa -- I 'll take them around the world + to the moon + back -- anything to help you + them now and always -- With my deepest deepest love Jackie	FBI trying to determine who owns letter written by Jackie Kennedy in 1968 Letter passed from collector to collector , but widow says she gave it to no one Letter found among papers of Russell Nuckols , who died in 1999 , son says Son Thomas Nuckols told authorities he found it among the papers left by his father
Thousands of Palestinians celebrated the release Sunday night of 550 inmates from Israeli prisons , part of the second phase of the deal that won the freedom of captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit . The revelry in the Mukataa compound in Ramallah -- the long-timehome to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat -- ran late into the night . Tayeb Abdel Rahim , general-secretary in Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ' office , was among those officials greeting the line of freed prisoners , as they all paid their respects at Arafat 's grave . Hamas ' armed wing , the Izzedine al Qassam Brigades , welcomed the news even as they , like Rahim and other Palestinian leaders , continued to push for the release of others in Israeli custody . "  It 's a great accomplishment , but it 's not the end , " brigade spokesman Abu Obieda said Sunday night . "  We will work toward liberating all our prisoners . " The Israel Defense Forces said in a news release Sunday night that the International Red Cross assisted in the release process , which it noted at 10:30 p.m. had been "  completed . " It all follows a deal , signed between Israel and Hamas in October , that won Shalit 's release from Hamas in exchange for allowing more than 1,000 Palestinians to leave Israeli jails . A total of 477 prisoners were freed in October under the first stage of the swap . Phase two happened late Sunday night with the departure of ten buses from Ofer Prison , said Sivan Weizmann of the Israeli Prisoners Authority . The majority of the prisoners to be released Sunday -- 505 , including four women -- were sent to the West Bank through the Beitunia crossing . Forty-one others were transferred into Gaza through the Kerem Shalom crossing . Two prisoners were sent to Jordan via the Allenby crossing and two others -- a man and a woman -- were sent to their homes in east Jerusalem via the Atarot base . Rahim , the senior official in Abbas ' office , thanked Egyptian officials for their role in the prisoner swap . He also said that Palestinian leaders are still seeking the release of others "  including the old , children and the ill ones and also the members of the Palestinian legislative council . " "  We insist that going back to the negotiation table will not happen without the immediate halt of all settlement activities ... and the recognition of the state borders , including Jerusalem , and the release of all prisoners as agreed to with the previous Israeli government , " Rahim said . Ahead of the expected release , Israeli security forces and hundreds of Palestinians clashed at a West Bank crossing near the internment facility where the prisoners were being held . At least 20 Palestinians and one Israeli soldier were injured in the Sunday evening skirmishes at the Beitunia crossing , according to Palestinian and Israeli officials . Samer Abu Ali , spokesman for the Palestinian medical relief services in Ramallah , told CNN that many of the Palestinians suffered injuries from inhaling tear gas and from rubber bullets fired by the Israeli security forces at the families and friends of the soon-to-be-released prisoners . Palestinian independent lawmaker and political activist Mustafa Barghouti , who was at the scene of the clashes , told CNN that he had been sprayed with foul-smelling water used to disperse crowds and had been overcome by tear gas . An Israeli military spokesman said some 400 Palestinians were engaged in an "  illegal riot " at the crossing point and were throwing rocks and burning tires . The spokesman said soldiers were using riot control methods to disperse the crowds . Shalit was captured in June 2006 , and spent more than five years in captivity . While the first stage of the deal to release him provoked significant discontent among some Israelis , with the families of terror victims claiming the price paid for one single soldier was too costly , Sunday 's release prompted very little attention in Israeli media . "  The first group of prisoners released in October is immeasurably different from the one to be released today , " Amy Palmor , head of the paroles department at the Israeli Justice Ministry , told CNN . "  All 550 freed today were not directly involved in the injuring or killing of Israeli citizens and most of them are members of Fatah , " Palmor said . Fatah , the ruling Palestinian party , is considered in Israel as the most moderate of all Palestinian political fractions . "  The list in the first part of the deal was largely dictated by Hamas and was composed mainly of prisoners with blood on their hands serving life imprisonments . Most of them were members of Hamas and other extremist organizations , " she added . Many of the inmates who were released Sunday would have finished serving their sentences before the end of 2012 , Palmor said . But some criticized the terms of the swap agreement . "  This deal is a formality that does n't meet our expectations . The second stage of this deal did n't include old , ill or handicapped prisoners . It also did n't include the remaining five female prisoners inside Israeli jails . This deal was solely controlled by the Israeli side , " Issa Qaraqe , the Palestinian Authority minister of Detainees and Ex-detainees Affairs , told CNN . "  We will welcome and celebrate the prisoners in the Mukataa upon their release . The fact that the release will take place during the night will not affect our celebrations . Israel decided to release them at night with the wrong assumption that this will affect the intensity of the celebrations . The celebrations will start tonight and will continue for several days in different districts and towns , each prisoner will be celebrated in his own hometown , " Qaraqe said . The minister said Israel had launched a large arrest campaign after the initial prisoner release in October . "  As long as the occupation continues , arrests will continue , " he said , adding that approximately 3,500 Palestinian prisoners remain behind bars in Israeli prisons .	The release of 550 Palestinian prisoners has been "  completed , " Israel 's military says Thousands of Palestinians welcome the release , celebrating late into the night Clashes break out at West Bank crossing ahead of the release , 20 injured The prisoner exchange began in October , with the release of 477 Palestinians
London , England  CNN  -- Bomb attacks by dissidents in Northern Ireland nearly quadrupled over the past six months from the period before , a report from the Independent Monitoring Commission said Thursday . Dissident republicans have steadily increased the number of improvised explosive devices they have deployed and detonated over the past two and a half years , the commission said . Since May , the number of devices deployed was roughly double that of the previous six months -- and the number detonated went up nearly fourfold , it said . The findings by the commission , set up nearly seven years ago by the British and Irish governments , are in the latest and last of its biannual reports on the paramilitary and security situation in Northern Ireland . While the number of bombings has gone up , there have been no deaths from bomb attacks and no one has suffered life-threatening injuries . Still , the commission said , "  the high level of dissident activity would undoubtedly have led to many more deaths , injuries , and destruction had it not been for the operations of the law enforcement and security agencies north and south  in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland  and their ever closer cross-border co-operation . " It said that in both Northern Ireland and the Republic , about three times the number of dissidents have been charged with terrorist offenses in all of 2010 than in 2009 , and the number of arrests has nearly doubled . Dissident republicans are those who refused to accept the 1998 Good Friday peace settlement and power-sharing deal negotiated and signed by mainstream republican leaders such as Sinn Fein 's Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness . Groups like the Real IRA and Continuity IRA broke away from the Irish Republican Army , also called the IRA , which fought for decades against British rule in Northern Ireland . The IRA agreed to a process of decommissioning under the Good Friday deal , something the dissident republicans do not accept . The report also said the two factions of the Real IRA have been the the most active and dangerous of all such groups , conducting 18 attacks on members of the security forces and those associated with them . Each faction has its own structure and "  army council , " the report said . "  Together , the two were responsible for a very major campaign of violence directed particularly at members of the security forces , " the report said . "  It was the most serious paramilitary threat over the six months under review . " The attacks included an improvised mortar , pipe bombs , and shots fired at army and police targets . In August , a device in a hijacked taxi exploded outside a police station in Derry , causing substantial damage to property . "  During the six months under review , the two factions of  the Real IRA  remained a very dangerous and potentially lethal terrorist threat , " the report said . "  We are convinced that they would have taken the lives of members of the security forces if they had been able to do so in several of the attacks . " Amid the rise in the number of bomb attacks , the number of casualties from shootings and assaults over the six-month period was "  considerably lower " than in the recent past , something the Independent Monitoring Commission attributed to a reduction in the amount of violence inflicted on people for anti-social behavior like dealing drugs . "  At a time when attention is rightly directed to the dissident threat , this trend should also be borne in mind , " the report said . CNN 's Melissa Gray in London , England , and Journalist Peter Taggart in Belfast , Northern Ireland , contributed to this report .	The number of detonated bombs went up fourfold in the past six months Deployed devices have roughly doubled from the previous period The findings are in a report from the Independent Monitoring Commission
Grand Cayman , Cayman Islands  CNN  -- Whether he 's out on the ocean monitoring stingrays in the Caribbean , or back on land painting in his studio , Guy Harvey spends all his time surrounded by fish . Raised in Jamaica and educated in Scotland , Harvey is one of the world 's leading conservationists with a first class degree in marine biology and a PhD in fisheries management . His love of the sea and ecology inspired Harvey to found the Guy Harvey Research Institute in 1999 which provides scientific information about fish protection and biodiversity . But this is only half of Harvey 's remarkable story . He is a highly successful businessman with a chain of seafood restaurants and a self-taught artist whose depictions of game fish have become world famous . "  I did n't go to art class or art school , never took a lesson in my life . I learned everything from trial and error and it 's this persistence , I suppose , with the illustrative content which got me to where I am , " Harvey told CNN . Ernest Hemmingway 's novella , "  The Old Man and the Sea " inspired Harvey 's obsession with game fish and moved him to depict the famous fishing story in a series of pen and ink drawings a quarter of a century ago . He paints every day and 10 percent of the proceeds of all the paintings he sells goes straight back into his eco-organizations . Harvey also created a TV series , "  Portraits of the Deep , " to showcase game fish and their importance to the environment . "  To see them underwater in their glowing , feeding and moving colors , their aggression colors are probably one of the most exciting things you can do as a diver , " Harvey said . These videos play constantly in his stores and his restaurants where Harvey 's art is also on the walls , and only sustainable fish species are on the menu . Harvey 's marine expertise has also helped to pioneer techniques of recording billfish underwater and a tagging system to monitor them over long distances . More recently , he 's taken on the plight of sharks . Hunted for their fins , the loss of these predators could affect the oceans ' fragile balance . Harvey 's recent Ultimate Shark Challenge was a catch-and-release fishing tournament held off the Southwest Florida coast . Endangered sharks were tagged for study and not a single one was strung up in the dock . Sharks are also in danger in the Gulf of Mexico because of the BP oil leak . Harvey fears other fish are at risk too . He 's planning a new line of t-shirts to raise funds for research . "  We have no idea when this is going to stop or how far it 's going to reach and what the life span of this disaster is going to be , " Harvey said . From the study of stingrays , to the most pressing conservation issues in global fisheries , the diver , artist , scientist , and businessman is always promoting the preservation of marine ecology . "  Fish are just stinking fish to most people . They have their filet that comes on the plate or you buy it in the fish mongers and it comes in a cellophane bag and it 's dead and cold and smelly . These are beautiful graceful ocean predators that need our respect . "  I want to leave people feeling that , you know , we really need to think more about how we use the ocean and everything that 's in it and if I 've achieved that , then that will do it for me . "	Guy Harvey has dedicated his adult life to the study and preservation of marine life Self-taught artist inspired by Ernest Hemmingway 's story "  The Old Man and the Sea " Set up Guy Harvey Research Institute in 1999 to further scientific knowledge of fish
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Nearly 27 years ago , amid a crowd of people in Central Park , Ruth Bendik 's wallet was stolen . The culprit is still at large , but the wallet has been found -- in the hollow trunk of a cherry tree . Nearly 27 years ago , amid a crowd of people in Central Park , Ruth Bendik 's wallet was stolen . The wallet was snatched on October 24 , 1982 , while Bendik , now 69 , was in Central Park watching the New York marathon . She went to greet runners at the end of the race and , "  when I got out of the crush of people , I realized my purse was much lighter , " Bendik told CNN . "  I was just so grateful not to have been harmed . " Last week , Josh Galiley , tree-care supervisor for the Central Park Conservancy , was chopping down a hazardous black cherry tree near Rumsey Playfield when he discovered her blue leather wallet in the trunk of the tree , which he estimates is around 65 years old and 50 feet high . "  I started poking in the soft stuff and this wallet turned up . Having been that low in the tree ... the location indicated it had been there for quite some time , " Galiley told CNN . The old wallet was a unique find , he said . "  When you 're cutting a tree and it 's hollow , you expect stuff inside , shreds of material , old marbles , really just knickknacks compared to this , " he said , "  Nothing with a story . ... We peeked in and there were dates from the early '80s . We figured this was different . " After the wallet was recovered , Galiley said , officials were careful to inform Bendik properly . "  We thought she may not want to relive it , " he said . Bendik sang praises for the individuals who returned her wallet , including detective Frank Irizarry , who helped track her down . "  The lengths they went to find me , the extent that they went through and the fact that they were concerned about my feelings really impressed me , " she said . The wallet still contained her old driver 's license and credit cards , she said , although $ 20 was missing . "  Twenty dollars was a lot of money then , " she said . After two decades , much more has changed . Referring to two of her old bank cards from Manufacturers Hanover Trust Bank and Banker 's Trust , Bendik said , "  I was shocked that both banks had closed . " But some things have n't changed . Bendik continues to have fond memories of Central Park . The Ohio native , who has lived in New York for 40 years , still describes the park as one of her favorite areas in the city . "  It 's a public place in an impersonal city , " she said , "  It brings everyone together in a pleasant way of reconnecting with nature and beauty . " Today , Bendik smiles at the idea of her wallet buried in a cherry tree in Central Park for nearly 30 years , and she 's happy to have it in her hands again . "  After all these years it 's still available as a time capsule of my life . "	Ruth Bendik 's wallet was snatched in 1982 during the New York marathon Worker found wallet while chopping down a black cherry tree in Central Park Wallet still contained driver 's license and credit cards , but $ 20 was missing
CNN  He ventured to Syria to tell the stories of lives torn apart by war . But in doing so , Japanese journalist Kenji Goto suffered his own gruesome fate -- apparently becoming the latest foreigner to be decapitated by ISIS . A newly distributed video from ISIS appears to show the beheaded body of Goto . It came one week after a video surfaced showing him holding a photo of what appeared to be the corpse of his fellow Japanese captive , Haruna Yukawa . Just like ISIS ' previous beheading videos , the 67-second footage released Saturday was issued by the terror group 's media wing , Al Furqan Media . The video can not be authenticated by CNN . And now , Japan finds itself more deeply embroiled in the global fight against ISIS . "  We are deeply saddened by this despicable and horrendous act of terrorism , and we denounce it in the strongest terms , " Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said , according to broadcaster NHK . "  To the terrorists , we will never , never forgive them for this act . " The members of the United Nations Security Council said in a statement that they strongly condemned Goto 's "  heinous and cowardly murder , " adding that those responsible should be held accountable . "  This crime is , yet again , a tragic reminder of the increasing dangers journalists and others face every day in Syria . It also once again demonstrates the brutality of  ISIS  , which is responsible for thousands of abuses against the Syrian and Iraqi people , " the Security Council said . U.S. President Barack Obama said the United States stands in solidarity with Japan "  in denouncing this barbaric act . " "  We applaud Japan 's steadfast commitment to advancing peace and prosperity in the Middle East and globally , including its generous assistance for innocent people affected by the conflicts in the region , " Obama said in a statement . Unlike the United States , Britain and other allies , Japan is not involved in the military campaign against ISIS . But Japan has been providing humanitarian aid in the Middle East as ISIS continues its bloody quest to solidify an Islamic state across parts of Iraq and Syria . And Japan 's efforts to provide humanitarian aid wo n't stop , one top official said Sunday . "  We would like to expand our support for refugees , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said . "  We are surely going to have necessary support in terms of not yielding to terrorism . " ` Let the nightmare for Japan begin ' The ISIS video opens with a black slate that reads , "  A Message to Japan . " It then shows a kneeling Goto . The man known as "  Jihadi John " is standing behind him . The terrorist speaks in English while holding a knife in his left hand . "  Abe , because of your reckless decision to take part in an unwinnable war , this knife will not only slaughter Kenji , but will also carry on and cause carnage wherever your people are found , " the man says . "  So let the nightmare for Japan begin . " The video cuts to black as the militant puts the knife to Goto 's throat . It then shows the apparent result of the decapitation . It 's not clear who conducted the apparent killing . The knife-wielding masked man with a London accent has been nicknamed "  Jihadi John . " He has appeared in at least six videos with hostages and has overseen the beheadings of other captives . The race to save Goto 's life Goto , 47 , left Japan last fall , when his younger daughter was 3 weeks old . His wife , Rinko , first heard from his captors December 2 . On January 20 , an ISIS video posted to social media showed Goto and Yukawa dressed in orange , kneeling in front of a masked man dressed in black . In that video , the ISIS militant issued a $ 200 million ransom demand to the Japanese government in order to free the Japanese men within 72 hours . That 's the same amount of money Abe recently pledged for those "  contending " with ISIS . Days later , a new message surfaced featuring what appeared to be the corpse of Yukawa . And Goto would also be killed , the new message claimed , unless Jordan freed prisoner and convicted terrorist Sajida al-Rishawi . Suga said Japan tried hard to save both Yukawa and Goto . "  Since the beginning of the incident , we have been trying to use all kind of means and to do our best to save their lives by using our diplomatic route , as much as possible , " Suga said Sunday . When asked whether Japan negotiated over the ransom , Suga said no . Jordan also said it did everything it could to free Goto in cooperation with Japan , government spokesman Mohammed Al-Momani told Jordan 's official Petra news agency Sunday . But that country is still grappling with its own hostage situation . Jordanian pilot 's fate unclear Among its web of threats , ISIS said it would kill Jordanian military pilot captured in Syria if Jordan does n't release convicted terrorist al-Rishawi . But pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh 's fate remains unclear . He was not mentioned in the latest video featuring Goto . Jordan will continue trying to secure the release of the pilot , Al-Momani told Petra on Sunday . But he said officials are still seeking "  proof of life " evidence that al-Kasasbeh is alive . No answers Goto , a veteran journalist , had said he felt compelled to document the stories of war , even if it meant going to some of the most dangerous places in the world . "  Syrian people  have been  suffering for three years and a half . It 's enough , " he said in a video shot in October . "  So I would like to get the story of what ISIS wants to do . " In a statement posted on the website of Goto 's media company , his family thanked those who had "  prayed for his safe return " and said they were "  deeply saddened " by his death . Goto 's mother , Junko Ishido , said her son wanted to help create a world free of wars . "  I 'm shedding tears of sorrow , I just ca n't think of any words to say , " she said , according to NHK . "  But I do n't want this sorrow to create a chain of hatred . " Rinko praised her husband 's work in a statement released Sunday . "  While feeling a great personal loss , I remain extremely proud of my husband , who reported the plight of people in conflict areas like Iraq , Somalia and Syria , " she said . "  It was his passion to highlight the effects on ordinary people , especially through the eyes of children , and to inform the rest of us of the tragedies of war . " But now , she must raise the couple 's two girls without their father . The 2-year-old daughter has been asking when her dad will come home . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki , Yousuf Basil , Greg Botelho , Jennifer Deaton , Will Ripley and Elizabeth Johnson and journalist Asako Akai-Ferguson contributed to this report .	Japanese hostage Kenji Goto appears to be the latest foreigner decapitated by ISIS "  It was his passion ... to inform the rest of us of the tragedies of war , " Goto 's wife says Jordan says it is still trying to free a pilot held captive by ISIS
CNN  -- Officials with Libya 's interim government are reassuring the West that their religious views are moderate , after the country 's interim leader called for the country 's new laws to be based on Sharia , or Islamic law . At a rally on Sunday in Benghazi , National Transitional Council leader Mustafa Abdul Jalil said , "  As a Muslim country , we have adopted the Islamic Sharia as the main source of law . Accordingly , any law that contradicts Islamic principles with the Islamic Sharia is ineffective legally . " Jalil also suggested in his speech that he would like to see new Islamic rules implemented to limit how banks charge interest , and put an end to some of the Gadhafi-era restrictions on polygamy . "  The law of marriage and divorce , which deals with polygamy -- this law is against Islamic Sharia , and is now halted , " he said . That kind of talk could raise concerns among the fledgling government 's Western backers . In many Muslim countries , Sharia law forms the basis for the constitution , but is interpreted moderately . But in some , such as Iran and Saudi Arabia , it is seen as grounds for cutting off the hand of a convicted thief , or even stoning a woman to death for adultery . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , visiting Tripoli just last week , offered a warning when she was asked whether there should be a role for Islamists in the new Libya . "  Groups and individuals who really believe in democracy should be welcome into that process , " she said . "  But groups that want to undermine democracy or subvert it are going to have to be dealt with -- by the Libyans themselves . " But Libya 's ambassador to the United States , Ali Suleiman Aujali , says the West should not be alarmed . "  Sharia law , Islamic law , it is not against democracy , it is not against equality , is not against the relations with the other countries based on interests and respect and cooperation . " He says that women now enjoy new rights since the end of Moammar Gadhafi 's regime . "  There is no restriction against Libyan women to do anything now in Libya , " he says . And Jalil on Monday quickly reassured the international community that Libyans are moderate Muslims . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said , "  We were encouraged to see President Jalil make a clarification . " But she reiterated a warning to Libya and other Islamic countries in transition , saying that "  the number one thing is that universal human rights , rights for women , rights for minorities , right to due process , right to transparency be fully respected . " Jalil 's embrace of Islam 's role in Libya comes just as voters in neighboring Tunisia handed a victory to the moderate Islamist party Ennahda . "  Islam is clearly going to play a much stronger role across the region , " says Robin Wright , a Mideast expert at the U.S. Institute of Peace . "  Whether it 's Tunisia , Libya , Egypt , and beyond -- as countries redefine their political systems , they are going to want to use the values of their faith to help define what they want next . But that does n't mean necessarily they 're going to be rigid Islamist regimes . " Still , she says , Libyan women are very concerned about equal rights in the post-Gadhafi era . "  The idea of allowing polygamy again -- or allowing the husband to marry again without asking permission of the first wife -- is something that is going to really resonate throughout Libya , " she said .	NTC leader Jalil said : "  We have adopted the Islamic Sharia as the main source of law " That kind of talk could raise concerns among the fledgling government 's Western backers In many Muslim countries , Sharia law is interpreted moderately But in some , such as Iran and Saudi Arabia , it is interpreted and enforced strictly
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- While Prime Minister David Cameron 's speech this week -- voicing his intent to let the British people vote on whether to stay in the European Union -- has caused concern on the continent , the mayor of London says it 's all part of democracy . "  I think if you ask most international business leaders , bankers whether they wanted to abolish elections to remove any element of uncertainty in the commercial world , well of course they would love to do that , " Mayor Boris Johnson told CNN 's Richard Quest at the World Economic Forum in the Swiss ski resort of Davos , which he described as the "  cyclotron of egos . " "  You 've got to consult the people from time to time , the British people have n't been consulted since 1975 , the French have , the Dutch have , the Irish have -- now is the moment . " Cameron made headlines Wednesday by promising the British people a vote on European Union membership if he wins the next general election in 2015 . Cameron told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he has no regrets over the referendum promise , despite unhappiness among some European partners . "  It 's really important that we 've set out a plan for how we get change in Europe that will benefit all of Europe , making it more open , more competitive , more flexible , and how we secure Britain 's place within that , " he said . iReport : Do you think Britain should stay in the EU ? The European Union is already changing to meet the needs of the 17 members who are part of the euro single currency , Cameron said . Britain is not in that group . After Cameron 's speech on Wednesday , the President of the European Parliament Martin Schulz tweeted : " #Cameron 's Europe a la carte not an option . We have to focus on jobs & growth rather than getting lost in treaties discussions . " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius used similar language in an interview on France Info radio saying Europe could not be "  a la carte , " Agence France-Presse  AFP  reported . Cameron : We must focus on trade , taxes , transparency Johnson believes any vote would result in Britain remaining in the EU . "  I think most people can see that the overwhelming likelihood , in fact the certainty , is that Britain one way or another will be part of the free trade zone , " he said . Johnson also condemned attempts in Europe to build financial trading hubs away from London . Last month , the governor of the Banque de France told the Financial Times the City of London should be deposed as the euro 's main financial center so the single currency club can "  control " most financial business in the eurozone . "  All these thing come and go , of course it will always be and always has been a historic aim of the French in particular , other countries certainly , to try and chip away at the financial dominance of the city , " Johnson told CNN . "  That is always going to be their objective and you have to forgive them for that , they are bound to use what bureaucratic tools they can to achieve those goals . They have n't succeeded I the past , I do n't believe they will succeed , " he added . "  I think the key reason is actually in the end most sensible people in other European capitals know that it is in their interest , in the interest of the EU , to have a massive global powerhouse in London rather than in Singapore or New York . " And what did London 's mayor think of the World Economic Forum in Davos ? "  It 's all a bit intoxicating is n't it ? It is this great cyclotron of egos is n't it , everybody is bumping into each other and having an enormous ghastly , nauseating , mutual feelings of self-regard , " he said . "  But you know it is important , I never come away feeling without having met people that could put a lot of money into London , and that is generally what we achieve . " CNN 's Irene Chapple , Susannah Cullinane and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report	London Mayor Boris Johnson believes Britain would vote to stay part of EU "  one way or another " Prime Minister David Cameron said he plans to hold a national referendum on membership Johnson also condemned attempts in Europe to build financial trading hubs away from London Johnson on World Economic Forum in Davos : "  It is this great cyclotron of egos is n't it ? "
CNN  After five months of detention in North Korea , Jeffrey Fowle arrived home in Ohio early Wednesday for an emotional reunion with his family . Stepping off the plane at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and onto the tarmac , he was embraced by family members , including his three children . "  It 's a good sign that the North Koreans released this man unconditionally , " former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Bill Richardson told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  They usually demand a price . " Richardson has helped negotiate the release of prisoners in the past , including from North Korea . Pyongyang 's move is "  a signal to the U.S. that says , ` All right , let 's start talking , ' " and perhaps restart nuclear negotiations , he said . ` Fig leaf ' statement A North Korean government official told CNN that Fowle was released after leader Kim Jong Un issued a "  special dispensation . " "  Comrade Kim Jong Un , the First Chairman of the National Defence Commission , in deference to agreement between the Supreme Leaders of the DPRK and the US , granted a special dispensation for the American Jeffrey Edward Fowle , who was being indicted , to be released after his case had been dismissed , " an emailed statement read . Former White House spokesman Jay Carney called the statement "  a fig leaf . " Kim needed to free Fowle "  to try to thaw relations a little bit , and he needs to pin it on the United States , " said Carney , who is now a CNN commentator . The Obama administration , for which Carney was the spokesman , continues to "  press very hard " for the release of Americans being held in North Korea , as previous administrations did , he said . North Korea accused Fowle of leaving a Bible at a club for foreign sailors and interpreted the act as a violation of law . Although the hermetic state contains some state-controlled churches , the totalitarian regime forbids independent religious activities , viewing them as potential threats to its authority . So Fowle , 56 , languished in detention , one of three Americans imprisoned in the country . A U.S. government plane picked up Fowle in Pyongyang on Tuesday . "  He has been evaluated by a doctor and appears to be in good health , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  We 're thrilled ; we 're overjoyed , " said Jim Shihady , assistant pastor of Bethel Baptist Church , which the Fowle family attends in Miamisburg , speaking Tuesday to CNN affiliate WHIO . "  My phone 's been ringing . The texts have been coming in , and people wanting to make sure we 've heard the good news . " Two still detained Matthew Miller and Kenneth Bae are still being held in North Korea . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the United States has no updates on their status and called on North Korea to release them immediately . Bae , a Korean-American missionary , was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in 2013 . He told CNN he was working eight hours a day , six days a week , at a labor camp but was being treated "  as humanely as possible . " Miller , accused of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry , was taken into custody in April of this year . He told CNN that his situation was "  very urgent " and that he would soon be sent to trial and "  directly be sent to prison . " ` Admitted my guilt ' Last month , Fowle spoke with CNN in a situation controlled by North Korea . He pleaded for U.S. help and described the conditions of his detention . In the interview , he said he had "  no complaints " about his treatment . "  It 's been very good so far , and I hope and pray that it continues , while I 'm here two more days or two more decades , " he said . North Korean officials monitored and recorded the interviews . CNN was unable to assess independently the conditions under which the men were being held . "  It 's a covert act and a violation of tourists ' rules , " Fowle said of trying to leave the Bible . "  I 've admitted my guilt to the government and signed a statement to that effect and requested forgiveness from the people and the government of the DPRK . " As a prisoner of the dictatorship , he could not speak freely . Fowle said at the time that he expected his trial to start within a month . City will hire him back While Fowle was detained , Miamisburg terminated his employment as a municipal worker , providing a $ 70,000 severance package . Officials said he had exhausted his leave . But the city says it will hire him back . "  We wish Jeff well . We 're excited to have him return , " City Manager Dave Hicks told WHIO . CNN 's Elise Labott and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	North Korea 's unconditional move is a "  good sign , " former ambassador says North Korea 's statement is a "  fig leaf , " former White House spokesman says Jeffrey Fowle was greeted by family at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio North Korea is still holding two other Americans
CNN  -- Mexico 's new leader has a message for U.S. officials as he heads to Washington this week : Ties between the neighboring nations must go beyond the drug war . Just four days before his inauguration , Mexican President-elect Enrique Pena Nieto will meet with U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday . And he says he wants to reshuffle the list of priorities the United States and Mexico share . "  It is a mistake to limit our bilateral relationship to drugs and security concerns , " the president-elect wrote in an editorial published by the Washington Post on Friday . "  Our mutual interests are too vast and complex to be restricted in this short-sighted way . " A crackdown on cartels was a hallmark of outgoing President Felipe Calderon 's six-year tenure , and the United States voiced its support , offering $ 1.6 billion to aid in the fight . Pena Nieto has said he plans to focus more on reducing violence , but he 's offered few specifics about that approach . The 45-year-old former governor , who won Mexico 's presidential vote in July , has said a top priority is to deepen economic ties with the United States . "  Perhaps the most important issue is finding new ways to bolster our economic and trade relationship to attain common prosperity in our nations , " Pena Nieto wrote last week , noting the potential for more trade , manufacturing deals and energy investment . The United States is Mexico 's largest trading partner . The two countries share billions of dollars in imports and exports and a border that stretches nearly 2,000 miles . For the first time in more than a decade , economic issues are likely to dominate the agenda shared by Mexico and the United States , the Washington-based Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars said in a policy brief this week . That 's because drug-related violence appears to have plateaued and illegal immigration in the United States from Mexico has dropped dramatically , according to Andrew Selee , director of the center 's Mexico Institute . FBI most-wanted fugitive captured in Mexico "  What 's driven the U.S.-Mexico agenda for the past 10 years has been the influx of undocumented immigrants and the headlines about increasing violence , and now both of those have leveled off . ... It allows the two governments to begin to talk about other issues that matter for their long-term well-being , " Selee said . In Mexico , analysts said on CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's "  Mexico Opina " that Tuesday 's meeting could signal a new approach to the relationship between the two countries . "  Pena Nieto should convince Obama that Mexico deserves more attention . ... This is the moment to change the style and propose a higher agenda , " said Olga Pellicer , a professor at Mexico 's Autonomous Institute of Technology and a former diplomat . Political analyst Gabriel Guerra said Pena Nieto 's government should push to have a greater influence on affairs within the United States , convincing U.S. officials that Mexicans are "  important and relevant . " "  The image of the country is very negative . There is a perception that we are corrupt and drug associates . This is a result of accumulated neglect , " he said . Pena Nieto "  is inheriting a neglected relationship . " Mexican beauty queen killed in shootout Some critics have said Obama neglected Latin America during his first term , and lambasted the U.S. president for not bringing up Mexico or other countries in the region during last month 's foreign policy debate with Republican challenger Mitt Romney . At a forum hosted by the Spanish-language Univision network in September , Obama said the United States is committed to continuing to work alongside Mexico to fight organized crime . "  What I will be saying to the new president of Mexico when he takes office is that we want to continue this cooperation and we recognize this is a threat on both sides of the border . We obviously generate a lot of demand for drugs on this side of the border , and cash and guns flow south just as drugs flow north , " Obama said . "  If we can reduce demand , that means less cash flowing into these drug cartels . The other thing we need to do is work much more aggressively in preventing the flow of guns and cash down to Mexico . " Both the White House and Pena Nieto 's transition team have said security will be a key topic during Tuesday 's meeting , and U.S. officials should continue to push for justice and human rights reforms south of the border , the Washington Office on Latin America said in a statement Monday . "  While Pena Nieto has expressed his desire to shift the focus of the bilateral relationship away from the fight against drug trafficking and organized crime in order to place more emphasis on economic issues such as investment , trade , and energy , a dramatic shift in the focus of the U.S.-Mexico relationship seems unlikely , " the statement said . Immigration also is likely to come up Tuesday , since the topic is important to residents on both sides of the border , said the Mexico Institute 's Selee . Topics such as education partnerships between the two countries and global issues could also be on the table , he said . CNNMexico.com and CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Mario Gonzalez and Rey Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Mexico 's president-elect will meet with U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday Enrique Pena Nieto says he wants to reshuffle the priorities the countries share There is potential for more trade , manufacturing and energy deals , he says Pena Nieto takes office as Mexico 's president Saturday
CNN  -- "  RIP NEDA , The World cries seeing your last breath , you did n't die in vain . We remember you . " People tend to a woman called Neda as she lies on the street . That Twitter post was from a man who said he is a guitarist from Nashville , Tennessee . Amid the hundreds of images of Saturday 's crackdown on protesters in Iran that were distributed to the world over the Internet , it was the graphic video showing the dying moments of a young woman shot in the heart that touched a nerve for many people around the world . Like most of the information coming out of Tehran , it is impossible to verify her name , Neda , or the circumstances of her apparent death , which was captured close-up on a bystander 's camera . CNN ran a pixilated version of the video , which was posted on YouTube . Another amateur video captured images of Neda and her father attending what appeared to be a peaceful protest , just moments before the shooting . Watch Neda and her father moments before the shooting " It shows a woman in jeans and white sneakers collapsed on the street , as the person with the camera -- most likely from a cell phone -- runs toward her and focuses on her face . Watch a portion of the video and how the Twitter community is responding " One blogger posted that Neda was protesting with her father in Tehran when pro-government Basiji militia opened fire and shot her . "  The final moments of her tender young life leaked into the pavement of Karegeh Street today , captured by cell phone cameras , " the unnamed blogger posted on Newsvine.com . "  And not long after , took on new life , flickering across computer screens around the world on YouTube , and even CNN . " People on Twitter started forming a discussion group with the "  hashtag " #neda to post their comments about her death and media coverage of the killing , as well . Watch report from CNN 's Octavia Nasr " It became one of the top "  trending topics " on Twitter by Saturday evening , early Sunday Tehran time . "  Neda , ojala que tu muerte no sea en vano , " one poster tweeted in Spanish . "  Neda , I hope that your death is not in vain . "	"  Neda " was reportedly killed on Saturday during Iranian protests Her death captured on video has sparked worldwide debate "  Neda " had become one of top "  trending topics " on Twitter by late Saturday
Alex Honnold 's fingertips and toe tips barely cling on to the side of a mountain in Yosemite , thousands of feet in the air . He is free solo climbing , which means he has no rope to support him , so one false move would mean a long fall to the rocky ground below . He looks up at filmmaker Peter Mortimer , who is capturing his climb in silence , and finally breaks the ice : "  So what should I be doing ? Do you want me to make it look like this is hard for me ? " Watching 26-year-old Honnold climb , it seems impossible . Mortimer , also a climber , first discovered him in 2008 , and he was so amazed that he started turning his climbs into documentaries . As with the routes Honnold scales , it has taken many small moves to get here . "  He was a horrible kid to raise , from the day of his birth , and I mean that literally , " says his mother , Dierdre Wolownick . "  He was always trying to get vertical . At 11 hours old , he would hold on to your pinkie and stand up on his little legs . " Soon his mother would have to get used to him climbing on counters , refrigerators , bookshelves , and everything else . He found his outlet when he was about 10 years old and a climbing gym opened in Sacramento , California , where he lived . He found his passion and his home , hanging on walls . He started working at the gym when he got older . After hours , when the supervisors went home , he and his friends would try climbing without a rope , and that started a passion that has only grown in the 17 years since . Extreme kayaker helps young adults with cancer through outdoor adventures "  It was exciting . It was also kind of scary , but I really liked it , " Honnold remembers . Honnold graduated high school and took the next logical step for a smart kid , to the University of California , Berkeley . But after his first year , he faced some difficult challenges . He was n't happy at school , did n't have many friends , and then in 2004 , his father passed away . Around the same time he placed second at the Youth Nationals climbing competition , realized that was one of the few things that made him happy , and decided to chase his dream . "  At first I did n't even have a car . I had a bicycle and a tent , and it was pretty grim , " he remembers . "  But I just wanted to climb all the time , so that 's what I did . " His dedication paid off as his name started circulating in the climbing world and sponsors started calling . Soon he was able to support his lifestyle and to attempt things that had never been done . This includes his most recent feat of climbing the "  Yosemite Triple " on his own in one day , about a 7,000-foot course . Mortimer remembers when he first met Honnold , "  He was so self-confident and so calm . His vision of what was possible in climbing was , ` Anything is possible . ' I mean the first things he free-soloed , people thought it was a joke , it was n't even possible . " Climbing friends gave him the nickname "  No Big Deal " because of his nonchalant attitude toward incredible feats . Honnold climbs with a rope 90 % of the time , but every year , he 'll take on one or two epic challenges with no rope at all . Honnold 's demeanor is a clash of the uber-confidence you 'd expect of someone who would climb a 3,000-foot wall with no rope vs. the modesty of an average climber . "  I 'm one of the best soloists ... but only because there 's been like eight really good soloists ever , so it 's not that hard to be one of the best , " he claims . But many , including Mortimer , would disagree . "  On the physical side , he 's an elite climber . In the mental game , Alex is inarguably the greatest in the history of the sport . His ability to be composed in the most extreme positions is beyond wherever anyone has gone or thought they could go . " Watching him defy gravity raises the question : How long he can sustain this lifestyle ? He travels the country , sleeping in a van , and regularly tackles dangerous climbing destinations all over the world . But people close to him believe he 'll be around for the long haul . "  He 's very , very calculated , and he has this ability to stay even-keeled when climbing . So I do n't think there 's a high probability that he will fall , " says Mortimer . His mother agrees , "  I 'm his mother , of course I worry about his safety . But I think he 's very in tune with what he 's capable of . " 2 American climbers found dead in Peruvian mountains Now Honnold faces his biggest challenge of all : fame . He 's become somewhat of a legend in the climbing world after documentaries like Peter Mortimer 's "  Alone on the Wall " have made the film circuit , and his 2011 appearance on "  60 Minutes " expanded his audience . The sudden exposure caused him to run away the same way he did college . "  I kind of dealt with it by fleeing back into the van and embracing my old style of just being on the road , " he says . "  But then I realized that wo n't fly . So I 've spent the last few months going the other direction , embracing all the craziness . Hopefully channeling it to do something positive . " Honnold is getting more comfortable in the spotlight . His list of sponsorships has expanded from The North Face to include even a luxury watch line . His most recent climb is featured in another film to be released this year , and he 's appeared in a popular Citibank commercial . He is now working on starting a nonprofit that will help the environment , a cause he cares about deeply . "  Hopefully I can translate all this into something that will have a more lasting effect on the world . " says Honnold . He has a shot to be a recognizable character in a sport that has n't yet had its Michael Jordan , a crossover hit with the general public . "  Nonclimbers can relate to him in a way that they ca n't relate to regular rope climbers . What he 's doing is overcoming a basic human fear . It 's not even about the sport ; anyone can imagine being on the side of a cliff face and being scared to death , " says Mortimer . The future is wide open for Alex Honnold , and chances are , he 'll take small , calculated steps to reach the top . Climbing geographer reaches Mount Everest summit For more on Alex Honnold 's climbs , visit http://www.senderfilms.com .	Alex Honnold became fascinated with mountain climbing at 10 years old Honnold travels the country and world , climbing with and without a tether Peter Mortimer filmed Honnold 's climbs for the documentary "  Alone on the Wall " "  Alex is inarguably the greatest in the history of the sport , " says Mortimer
CNN  -- How eager are retailers to boost sales this holiday season ? It 's no longer enough for them to offer one special day of discounts to online shoppers -- they 're stretching the deals out over an entire week . While retailers are still trumpeting deals for this Monday after Thanksgiving , many such as Amazon , Target and Walmart are now promoting some version of "  Cyber Week " and extending Web-only deals through next weekend . The online discounts apply to all types of items , from appliances to clothes to consumer electronics . Walmart , for example , says it will offer 200 deals on its website each day through Friday , plus free shipping on all orders over $ 35 . Not to be outdone , Amazon is promising new deals as often as every 10 minutes through Saturday , along with free shipping on "  eligible orders " of $ 35 and over  it 's not clear how they define "  eligible . " In fact , if you 're not getting free shipping on your online purchases this week , you may want to shop elsewhere . Clothing chains such as H&M , Gap and Banana Republic also are offering storewide Cyber Monday discounts of 40 % . It 's not always clear whether Cyber Monday discounts are much greater than what retailers offer online during other sale events . Also , supplies may be limited . Here 's a sampling of some online deals being advertised for Cyber Monday  and in many cases , the rest of the week  : -- Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet with 16GB of storage : $ 399 , down from $ 499  Amazon -- Canon Powershot A3500 16MP digital camera with 5x optical zoom  red model only  : $ 99 , down from $ 199  Target -- HTC One 32GB smartphone : 1 cent  it 's normally $ 199  , with two-year contract from AT&T , Verizon or Sprint  Amazon -- 46-inch Samsung LED TV : $ 478 , marked down from $ 949  Walmart -- Kindle Fire HD 16 GB tablet : $ 119 , down from $ 169  Amazon -- Jawbone Jambox Bluetooth rechargeable portable speaker : $ 69 , down from $ 199  eBay -- HP Pavilion 15-N066US 15-inch laptop : $ 459 , down from $ 649  Staples -- Motorola Moto X smartphone : $ 349 without a contract , down from $ 499 . The discount is available for all carriers and for both 16GB and 32GB models , although Motorola says supplies will be limited . -- Dyson DC41 Multifloor Bagless Upright Vacuum : $ 399 , down from $ 549  Best Buy -- Craftsman 192-piece mechanics tool set : $ 99 , down from $ 199  Sears -- Select coats from Kenneth Cole , Calvin Klein , DKNY and London Fog : 50 % off , plus free shipping on online purchases of $ 75 or more  Macy 's -- Half off select men 's and women 's clothes and accessories  Target The term Cyber Monday was coined in 2005 by a division of the National Retail Federation with the thinking that shoppers , after browsing in stores over Thanksgiving weekend , would wait to make online purchases Monday from their offices , where they had faster Internet connections . That notion is somewhat outdated now because 70 % of Americans have high-speed broadband Internet service at home , not to mention on their phones and tablets . But since 2010 , Cyber Monday actually has been the biggest online-shopping day of the year -- and retailers are trying to capitalize .	Retailers offering Cyber Monday deals of up to 50 % on electronics and other items Many websites now offer discounts throughout what they call "  Cyber Week " The term Cyber Monday was coined in 2005 by a retail lobbying group
Sen. Rand Paul castigated President Barack Obama on Friday for his use of executive action , arguing the President is an "  arrogant " leader whose policies resemble those of an "  autocrat . " "  The resident acts like he 's a king . He ignores the Constitution , " the Kentucky Republican said . "  He arrogantly says , ` If Congress will not act , then I must . ' These are not the words of a great leader . These are the words that sound more like the exclamations of an autocrat . " At the beginning of the year , Obama declared 2014 as a "  year of action , " vowing to pursue his agenda on his own if Congress gets bogged down in partisan gridlock . In July , for example , he signed an executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating against employees on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . Obama 's 12 executive actions Obama had planned to makes moves on immigration , but earlier this month decided to postpone any executive action until after the midterm elections in November . Paul 's remarks , which came before a social conservative audience at the Values Voter Summit in Washington , were laced with attacks against the administration . While the senator agrees with the President 's decision to lead an airstrike campaign against ISIS in Syria and Iraq , he continued to blast Obama for not seeking authorization from Capitol Hill first . "  In the face of war , the President is just as arrogant , " Paul said . "  Instead of coming to Congress , he illegally acts on his own . " The Obama administration has cited a 2001 measure passed by Congress to fight al Qaeda and the 2002 Iraq war authorization as legislation that grants him power to take action against the militant group . More broadly , Paul criticized what he described as a lack of "  virtue " and "  tradition " in the nation 's capital . Saying America "  is in a full blown crisis -- a spiritual crisis , " Paul called for a "  revival " of such values . Paul 's speeches rarely weave in his faith , but the senator ticked off a number of talking points Friday that play well with social and evangelical audiences , including his stance against abortion and his call to end foreign aid to countries that target Christians . "  I think we must do something our world often tells us not to do : Seek God , " he said , arguing the country needs to reclaim its constitutional roots , but not going too deep into specifics . "  We 've arrived at a day of reckoning , " he said . "  Will we falter or will we thrive and rediscover our mojo ? "	Rand Paul says President Obama has been acting like an "  autocrat " He blames the President for his uses of executive action Paul wove in Christian themes in his speech at the social conservative gathering
CNN  -- When you think of iconic tennis venues , top of the list are New York 's sprawling Flushing Meadows , the green grass of traditional Wimbledon in London and the rusty red clay of chic Roland Garros in Paris . But next month some of the sport 's top players will grace a new stage : the glittering $ 1.2 billion Cowboys Stadium in Dallas , which hosts Super Bowl XLV next year . U.S. star Serena Williams plays glamorous Russian ace Maria Sharapova in a battle of world number ones present and past , while Texas-based Andy Roddick takes on fellow big-serving American John Isner in the men 's match-up . Roddick , who lives in Austin 300 kilometers away , is excited by the prospect of being able to take the freeway to a tournament , as well as his sport breaking new ground in the hot-bed of gridiron . He will be action on July 10 , just six days after the men 's final at Wimbledon in England , where last year he lost an epic title match to Roger Federer . "  I can drive there . With my friends from home , we might just make a weekend of it and have some fun , " Roddick said when the Texas event was announced . "  I think it will be cool . I do n't know if we 're going to fill it , but tennis getting into kind of mainstream venues like that more often is a good thing . Selfishly , I like it . " Roddick 's fears over filling the 80,000-seater stadium -- which will expand to around 100,000 for the Super Bowl -- are probably misplaced as the matches will be played across one of the end zones . The configuration will mean a seating capacity of 20,000 , but still one of the biggest audiences for a tennis event . The biggest capacity at a regular tournament is 23,200 for the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court at Flushing Meadows during the U.S. Open . The center court at Wimbledon can take 15,000 spectators , and all four players in the Dallas exhibition will be hoping to be involved in the finals of the grass-court grand slam the weekend before . Williams took the women 's singles title last year and Sharapova won in 2004 , while Roddick suffered a heartbreaking five-set loss to Federer last year . For the Dallas Cowboys and owner Jerry Jones , it is another string to the bow of their new state-of-the-art stadium . It has already hosted soccer , this year 's NBA All-Star game and world title boxing as Filipino sensation Manny Pacquiao beat Ghana 's Joshua Clottey earlier this year . "  We have seen the flexibility our new stadium has for holding spectacular events of all kinds , and this event should be like no other , " Jones said . "  Being able to attract some of the best tennis players in the world under one roof for a night like this will be something special . " Filling big stadiums for tennis one-offs looks set to become a regular feature on the calendar for the world 's elite players . Just two days before the Dallas exhibition , Belgian rivals Kim Clijsters and Justine Henin will be looking to break a world record in a battle between two former top-ranked stars in the 40,000-capacity King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels . It is an attempt to break the record crowd of 30,492 that assembled for the legendary "  Battle of the Sexes " match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs at the Houston Astrodome in Texas in 1973 . "  The Best of Belgium " match is expected to easily surpass that attendance , but maybe Cowboys Stadium will wrest the honor back for the Lone Star state in the future .	Tennis breaks new ground with glittering exhibition in Dallas Cowboys ' NFL stadium Serena Williams will play Maria Sharapova and Andy Roddick takes on John Isner Cowboys Stadium , which will host the 2011 Super Bowl , will be reduced to 20,000 capacity Belgium 's King Baudouin Stadium hopes to set attendance record for tennis two days earlier
London  CNN  -- You 've heard of Banksy , but have you heard of Bambi ? Not the Bambi of Disney fame , but the one dubbed street art 's new star . The so-called "  female Banksy " counts A-list celebrities like Kanye West and Brad Pitt as buyers of her stenciled street art . Like Banksy , her works command price tags that run into the tens of thousands of dollars . Also , like Banksy , she is determined to stay anonymous . Defacing property is a criminal offense in the UK , and Bambi has spent years avoiding detection . Now , the intrigue around her identity has boosted her popularity . Michael Sahkai , director of Walton Fine Arts and Bambi 's broker , is one of few people who know the artist 's real identity . The mystery "  does add to the flavor , and the charisma -- and makes it a bit more interesting , " he told CNN . When CNN asked Sahkai for some clues to Bambi 's identity he revealed she is in her mid 30s , studied at London 's world-renowned art school Central St. Martins , and lives in the capital . British media have suggested Bambi is Paloma Faith or rapper M.I.A but when questioned on this Sahkai would only reply : "  Everything is possible . " Bambi 's bold images and pop culture references have given her a distinctive voice in the male dominated world of street , Sahkai said . People , he added , are "  amazed by the freshness and unusuality of her works . " Some of her artworks , like an homage to singer Amy Winehouse in Camden , are protected under Perspex and regarded as cultural landmarks . Others , including a famed depiction of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge which was captioned "  a bit like Marmite , " are painted over . Bambi 's "  Diamond Queen , " created to mark Queen Elizabeth 's Jubilee in 2012 , has been defaced by graffiti . But Sahkai said Bambi had made her mark in the street art world , which he believes is undergoing a resurgence . "  Banksy relit it fifteen , twenty years ago . Everyone thought ` it 's just a phase , ' but each year it gets stronger and stronger . " Read more : Humor and humanity : Four decades of underground life	Bambi is a London-based , anonymous street artist regarded as the "  female Banksy " Her fans include celebrities such as Kanye West , and her work sells for tens of thousands of dollars Some of her artworks are protected while others have been defaced with graffiti Her broker says Bambi is a Central St. Martins graduate in her mid 30s , but wo n't reveal any more details
CNN  -- Didier Drogba scored the winner in a dramatic penalty shoot out as Chelsea beat Bayern Munich on Saturday to win the European Champions League for the first time . The Ivorian striker coolly slotted home his kick to spark frenzied celebrations among his teammates and the Chelsea fans in Bayern 's Allianz Arena . Manuel Neuer had saved Juan Mata 's first penalty for Chelsea to give Bayern the early advantage in the shootout , but Petr Cech saved a weak Ivica Olic effort before Bastian Schweinsteiger saw his penalty hit the post . The match had finished 1-1 after extra time , with Thomas Mueller putting Bayern ahead in the 83rd minute before Drogba dramatically leveled with two minutes remaining . Arjen Robben then missed a penalty in the first half of extra time , setting up the dramatic shootout finale where the home side fluffed their lines to leave the Bavarian fans stunned . Chelsea 's victory capped a remarkable spell for Roberto Di Matteo since taking over as interim manager after the sacking of Andre Villas-Boas . Abramovich triumphant He has led the west London side to the English FA Cup and finally fulfilled the ambitions of the club 's Russian owner Roman Abramovich in lifting Europe 's top club prize . Abramovich has ploughed an estimated $ 1 billion into buying the players to turn Chelsea into a European power since buying the club in 2003 and gone through eight managers in that time , but the closest he had come to the Champions League was a penalty shoot out loss to Manchester United in 2008 . In the end , it was temporary option Di Matteo who delivered the famous trophy , and despite also guiding the team to FA Cup glory , the Italian coach must wait to find out if he will be appointed on a permanent basis . John Terry , suspended for the final after being sent off in the semifinal win over Barcelona , changed into his kit after the final whistle and collected the trophy from UEFA president Michel Platini with Frank Lampard , who was captain on the night . Lampard paid tribute to Drogba , whose goal rescued them in normal time before he applied the finishing touches to their triumph . "  I ca n't believe it . The determination we 've shown ... we did n't play fantastic but the main man Didier dug us out of trouble there , " he told ITV Sport . "  He 's a hero . Without him we 're not here . He scores the goals in the big games . " That could be the Ivorian 's last big goal for the club though . Drogba , an early arrival under Abramovich 's ownership for Â # 24 million  $ 38 million  , is out of contract this summer and rumored to be considering a move to Chinese club . Threatening Bayern Playing in front of a crowd of 66,000 , Bayern had always been the more threatening side throughout the match without carving out a string of clear cut chances . Their best opportunities in the first half saw a shot from Robben deflected on to his own woodwork by Cech while Bayern 's top scorer Mario Gomez fired over just before the interval . Salomon Kalou 's effort , pushed aside by Manuel Neuer , was the sole Chelsea effort of note . The second half followed the same pattern and just after the break Bayern had the ball in the net through Franck Ribery , but it was ruled out for offside . Fans v Oligarch : Battle for Football 's soul Bayern 's pressure finally paid off with seven minutes to go as Toni Kroos crossed for German international midfielder Mueller to head past Cech . It looked all over for Chelsea but their never say die attitude , so evident in the semifinal win over Barcelona , came to the fore again . Winning their first corner with only two minutes of normal time remaining , Mata 's perfect delivery was met by Drogba to head home at the near post . It was his 34th goal in the Champions League and surely never more crucial . Dramatic twist Into extra time and another dramatic twist as goal hero Drogba tripped Ribery to concede a penalty , injuring the French international who played no further part in the final . Robben , playing against his old club , stepped up after a considerable delay and his weak effort was saved by Cech . Ribery 's replacement Olic wasted another glorious opportunity in the second half of extra time , caught in two minds after a Philipp Lahm cross . It summed up a frustrating night for Bayern and their coach Jupp Heynckes , who said they paid for their failure to kill off Chelsea . "  We missed too many chances , " Heynckes told AFP . "  We played well overall and had the majority of possession . "  But we did n't know how to exploit our many opportunities and you have to use them or you will be punished . " Bayern had been bidding to win the Champions League for the fifth time .	Chelsea beat Bayern in penalty shoot out to win Champions League Thomas Mueller put Bayern ahead in 83rd minute Didier Drogba equalized for Chelsea with two minutes left Drogba scores winning penalty in 4-3 shoot out victory for EPL side
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former Playboy centerfold Cassandra Lynn Hensley was found dead at a friend 's home in Los Angeles , the coroner said Friday . Hensley was 34 . The autopsy on Playboy 's Miss February 2006 was done Thursday , but the determination of the cause of death has been deferred until toxicology testing is completed , Los Angeles County coroner 's Lt. Joe Bale said . Lab results usually take several weeks to become available . The model 's body was found at 9 a.m. Wednesday in a home in the Marina Del Rey area , Bale said . Hensley , who lived in Fairfax , Virginia , told Philadelphia 's Metropolis Nights magazine last month that there was "  life after Playboy . " "  I have been a part of many great experiences : travel shows , magazine covers , and of course giving advice to young impressionable girls who think they need to act a certain way for a chance to be a model -- classy not slutty , " she told the magazine . People we 've lost in 2014	The autopsy on Playboy 's Miss February 2006 was done Thursday It will take several weeks before a cause of death is determined , coroner says Her body was found Wednesday
CNN  -- It could be an alien spacecraft or a 21st century version of Captain Nemo 's Nautilus from Jules Verne "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea , " but in fact it 's a live-aboard , ocean-going laboratory that could be exploring the seas as soon as late next year . Called the SeaOrbiter , the part submarine , part research vessel is the concept of French architect Jacques Rougerie . Currently the centerpiece of France 's pavilion at Expo 2012 in Yeosu , South Korea , it has spent almost 12 years floating around as a mere concept . It recently completed its industrial design phase and construction is slated for October this year . "  All technical issues are resolved , all the modeling is done , " says Ariel Fuchs , education and media director of the SeaOrbiter project . "  We gathered institutional and industrial support five or six years ago and it 's been a real institutional and financial project for the last two years . " It is expected to cost around $ 43 million and when built , will be 58-meters in height , taller than Nelson 's Column , a monument in London . When launched , around 50 % of the vessel will be below the water line , allowing for constant underwater study , Fuchs says . "  One of the first users will be the science community , " he says . "  It 's designed to explore the ocean in a new way , mainly spending time under the sea , giving people the opportunity to live under the sea for a very long time , to observe , to undertake research missions , like marine biology , oceanography and climate issues . " Rougerie 's inspiration for SeaOrbiter comes from ocean explorers like Jacques Cousteau and the experimental Tektite underwater capsule laboratory that was used by oceanographer Sylvia Earle in 1969 . Earle is one of many vocal supporters of the SeaOrbiter project ; others include former NASA Administrator Dan Goldin and astronaut Jean-Loup Chretien . The space connection does n't stop there as SeaOrbiter has enlisted the support of the European Space Agency and other industrial organizations to help develop the technology needed for the ambitious project and its onboard systems . Designed to drift with ocean currents , the vessel will generate the majority of its power for life-support systems and propulsion to avoid other ships and storms from renewable energy , including solar , wind and wave power , Fuchs says . A side project is underway in conjunction with EADS , the European defense and space systems conglomerate , to develop a biofuel as the ship 's main power source . "  It meets the requirements of today 's philosophy of sustainability , " Fuchs says . When built , the ship is expected to go to Monaco -- the same place where Jacques Cousteau began his missions . "  The larger education plan is explaining how important the oceans are in to the balance of the planet , " says Fuchs .	SeaOrbiter is a unique , ocean-going research vessel The vessel is designed by French architect Jacques Rougerie Building of 58-meter tall ship due to begin in October
CNN  -- For Makudu , it all started with a friend playing him a Luciano Pavarotti record ; for Linda , it was a TV commercial featuring a powerful soprano singer ; and for Thesele , a community choir practice in his township . These flashes of operatic singing were all it took for the three young South Africans to instantly fall under the spell of opera and never look back . Makudu , Linda and Thesele are the stars of "  Ndiphilela Ukucula : I Live to Sing , " a compelling documentary released earlier this year spotlighting the rising wave of talented opera singers emerging from South Africa 's black townships . Born as South Africa was throwing off the chains of apartheid , the film 's stars came to discover the enchanting world of opera in their teens , entranced by its beautiful voices and the magnificent music . Since then , they 've sung their way from humble beginnings to South Africa 's top stages , thrilling opera audiences in their country and beyond . Along the way , the determined singers had to overcome everything from financial hardship and health struggles to social resistance and lack of support in order to follow their dreams . Read this : Township girl to opera diva "  If you had told me a few years ago that classical French and Italian opera is an art form that 's gaining in popularity in black South African townships , I certainly would have been surprised -- in a way that I think many of the audiences for the film are , " says Julie Cohen , director of the film . Rich tradition What Cohen came to realize was that opera has become popular among some people in South Africa 's townships thanks to the widespread culture of community choirs and competitive choral singing . This strong musical tradition has paved the way for many talented young singers to develop an interest in classical opera , says Michael Williams , managing director of the Cape Town Opera Company , one of the continent 's most famous production houses . "  The national sports in South Africa are not soccer or rugby , but choirs , " notes Williams . "  The culture of choral singing in South Africa is huge . It 's deep rooted in the community and has a huge repertoire , " he adds . "  And what happens with choir singers is they reach a sort of a ceiling -- because they 're singing traditional works ... then they start moving towards opera genre and it opens up a new world for them . " Rising stars "  I Live To Sing , " which was first aired in July on WNET in New York , is centered around the University of Cape Town Opera School -- once an all-white school and now home to remarkable singers from South Africa 's black townships , some of whom have graced international stages such as The Met and La Scala . The documentary follows Linda , Thesele and Makudu through their studies at the school as they set out to introduce themselves to the world of opera and become professional classical singers . Throughout the film , the stars ' charisma and personality shine through . Thesele Kemane , 26 at the time of filming last year , is an extremely committed and disciplined bass baritone with confidence in his talent ; Linda Nteleza , 24 , is a shy soprano with extraordinary singing abilities ; and Makudu Senaoana , the youngest of the protagonists , is a gregarious , outspoken 20-year-old with a powerful tenor voice . The filmmakers capture the singers ' preparations for a performance of "  The Tales of Hoffman " at Cape Town 's main opera house -- a landmark building in the anti-apartheid struggle . Read this : Five African festivals you ca n't miss They also follow the students to the United States , where they spend a summer as apprentices at the esteemed Glimmerglass Festival . While in New York , Kemane was invited to sing at the U.N. General Assembly to mark Nelson Mandela Day on July 18 . "  I 'd never dreamed that I would be singing at the United Nations , " says Kemane . "  I felt delighted , " he adds , "  singing there and honoring our late Nelson Mandela . " But along with capturing the triumphant performances and the intense training , the filmmakers also travel to the townships where the young singers grew up , often under challenging conditions . Nteleza hails from Khayelitsha , a sprawling township on the outskirts of Cape Town that has been struggling not only with high unemployment and crime rates but also health scares . "  It has  one of the highest rates of tuberculosis in the world and in fact Linda herself has suffered from a bout of tuberculosis , " says Cohen . "  Her parents have both passed away from health problems , so she has not had an easy life . " Kemane is from Galeshewe , a township in Northern Cape that is also struggling with rife unemployment . His extraordinary talent shone from an early age , winning several youth singing competitions , and last week he traveled to the United States to audition for , among others , Juilliard , the prestigious New York music school . But at the time , his discovery of opera and his decision to pursue classical singing professionally did n't go down too well with his financially struggling family . "  My father wanted nothing to do with it , " says Kemane , whose parents are both unemployed . "  The last thing our parents want for their children is for them to live as difficult as they did -- so now they all want careers that they know you 'll definitely get money for sure , and with opera it 's kind of difficult , " he adds . "  Last year was actually the first time my father actually saw me singing ... that is when he actually approved of opera music . "	"  I Live To Sing " is a documentary on opera students from South Africa 's townships It follows three young singers as they set out to launch a career in opera The students often had to overcome adversity and resistance to follow their dreams Thesele Kemane is auditioning for prestigious U.S. opera schools
CNN  -- A story about an African tribe in India , long-forgotten and little-known , has garnered two Kenyan journalists the top prize at the CNN MultiChoice African Journalist 2012 Awards Ceremony . Tom Mboya and Evanson Nyaga 's "  The African Tribe in India , " which aired on Kenya 's Citizen Television , was selected from among 1,799 entries from 42 nations across the African continent on Saturday . Mboya and Evanson , who were among 34 finalists for the top prize , also won the Television Features Award . See a full list of winners and finalists "  Journalism is a profession that allows you to go in and then bring out what the world needs to know . It is humbling that the Father Lord has brought us this , " said Mboya , a senior news anchor for Citizen TV . Nyaga now works for CCTV Africa , according to his bio . "  This story introduced the viewer to something new , an African tribe in India few know about , " said Joel Kibazo , a journalist and member of the judging panel . "  The journalist took the viewer with him to India and the village to speak to the tribe members . An all-round detailed story that was well told . " Also recognized were Enenche Akogwu and Zakariya Isa with the Free Press Africa Award for their work in Nigeria . Isa , a cameraman for the Nigerian Television Authority  NTA  , was killed in October 2011 , and Akogwu , a news reporter with Channels Television , was shot and killed , having covered the Kano bomb blast in January . The awards , which are held in a different African location each year , were hosted by CNN and MultiChoice in Lusaka , Zambia , and broadcast live on ZNBC . Presenting the top award were Zambian Foreign Affairs Minister Given Lubinda ; Nico Meyer , CEO MultiChoice Africa ; and Parisa Khosravi , senior vice president for CNN Worldwide in charge of international newsgathering . The awards were established in 1995 to encourage , promote and recognize excellence in African journalism . Read the CNN press release announcing the results	In addition to winning top prize , Mboya , Nyaga win Television Features award Their story was about a little-known African tribe in India Slain Nigerian journalists Akogwu , Isa also honored CNN , MultiChoice host awards in Lusaka , Zambia
Montevideo , Uruguay  CNN  -- A court sentenced former Uruguayan President Juan Maria Bordaberry to 30 years in prison on Wednesday for the coup that consolidated his power in 1973 and for human rights violations . Judge Mariana Mota convicted Bordaberry of violating the constitution , nine counts of "  forced disappearance " and two counts of political homicide . Bordaberry , 81 , had already been under house arrest since 2007 for the killings of two opposition legislators in 1976 . Bordaberry assumed office in 1972 following an election that has since been questioned . In 1973 , he backed a military coup that kept him in power , and dissolved congress and suspended the country 's constitution . The military pushed him out in favor of another leader in 1976 . Journalist Dario Klein contributed to this report for CNN	Juan Maria Bordaberry assumed presidency in 1972 He backed a military coup in 1973 that kept him in power Judge convicts him of political homicide , forced disappearance Military pushes Bordaberry out in 1976
Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou is faced with a hugely delicate balancing act : the need to maintain good economic relations with China while trying to keep Beijing 's push for reunification at bay . The latter has become an increasingly tense issue . During a recent session with reporters in the presidential office building , Ma leaned back in a dark-blue armchair under an oil painting of Sun Yat-sen -- modern China 's founding father whose legacy is claimed by Taipei and Beijing -- and delivered a clear message : economic relations with China should be developed but not at the cost of sovereignty . "  During my tenure as president , I will not discuss unification with mainland China , " he declared . But he added that he would "  not promote independence , let alone the use of force " either . "  I believe this is essential to achieving a stable and lasting framework for peaceful development , " he said . Ma says his government is watching pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong closely to see whether Beijing will honor its initial promises on universal suffrage . The city is regarded as a testing ground for the "  one country , two systems " formula that China 's leaders originally hoped would entice Taiwan back into the fold . China and Taiwan -- officially the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China -- separated in 1949 following a civil war . But China still claims Taiwan as its territory and , to this day , is reported to have missiles pointed at the island . Ma said he does "  not fear that Taiwan will become a second Hong Kong , " as the two were completely different cases . He also admitted a soft spot for the former British colony that was also his birthplace . "  I feel a close affinity with Hong Kong . " One country , two systems Xi Jinping , China 's most powerful president in decades , has brought new urgency to the unification issue by stating that the problem should not be pushed from generation to generation . In September , he expressed his "  firm and unwavering stance " on reunification under the idea of "  one country , two systems " during a meeting with pro-unification delegates in Beijing . Within hours , Ma rejected the idea as "  unacceptable . " During the interview , Ma acknowledged his counterpart in Beijing has a more "  high-handed posture " than his predecessors . And in a speech on the island 's national day October 10 , he urged Xi to introduce democracy for his 1.3 billion people -- letting free elections in Hong Kong be the first step . Ma has also encouraged mainland Chinese exchange students to study in Taiwan to experience its open society . "  We have never wistfully thought that mainland China would become democratized quickly , " he said . "  All our efforts in Taiwan have aimed at showing ethnic Chinese societies around the world that the imported concept of democracy can take root , germinate , and grow into a big tree on purely ethnic Chinese soil . " Chinese state media last week accused Taiwan of recruiting mainland students studying on the island as spies . Soon after , Taiwan banned senior officials from studying in China for "  national security " reasons . ` Coddling tyrants ? ' Despite his firm position against reunification , Ma , who took office 2008 , has made more of an attempt to ease tensions with the mainland than any of his predecessors -- mainly by creating closer business relations and signing a total of 21 cooperative agreements , including the ground-breaking Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement , ECFA . Many Taiwanese companies have moved factories to China , while Chinese banks now operate on the island . Six years ago no direct flights existed between the island and the mainland ; today there are hundreds of flight a week and tourists are flooding in . Victor Teo of the University of Hong Kong said Taiwan 's leader is making progress as he negotiates the thin line between economic pragmatism and sovereignty . "  Ma is doing more for Taiwan in terms of democratization , economic development and the preservation of autonomy than he would if he took the position of his predecessors , " he said . "  I personally have a very high opinion of President Ma , and I think he has the balance right . His main difficulties are being accused of ` coddling the tyrants in Beijing ' of course . " But his critics say the relationship with Beijing has become too cozy . Last spring , hundreds of students of the so-called "  Sunflower Movement " occupied Taiwan 's parliament in protest . That led to a major trade agreement being blocked and a new souring of relations with China . Ketty Chen , deputy director of international affairs for the opposition pro-independent Democratic Progressive Party  DPP  , said in a recent interview that the 21 cross-strait agreements were signed too hastily and without proper review . Taiwanese or Chinese ? Today , less than 10 % of people support the idea of immediate or eventual reunification -- a figure that has declined consistently over the years . Results of a survey by National Chengchi University in June found that 60 % of respondents identified as Taiwanese -- an historic high -- compared to just 3.5 % as Chinese . A clear majority supports the political status quo of de facto independence . Now , with Beijing rejecting true democracy in Hong Kong -- despite a public backlash -- the idea of "  one country , two systems , " seems even more unappealing to the people of Taiwan . "  The leaders in Beijing are afraid that if they give democracy to Hong Kong , then other parts of China , like Xinjiang and Tibet , will also ask for it , " said a 17-year old female high school student who lives in Taipei . "  I hope Taiwan never in my life time reunifies with China . It would be very bad . We would lose our freedom . " Her words echoed those of many ordinary people I spoke to in Taipei . "  Many people in Taiwan want independence , " said a young woman called Febie who manages a small café in Taipei , Taiwan 's capital . "  But that 's impossible without the backing of other powerful countries , like the United States . I still think President Ma should be stronger against China . " Kristian McGuire , an independent , Washington-based researcher and volunteer with Taiwan Security Research , says that if peaceful unification is going to happen , it is going to have to come through a democratic process whereby millions of Taiwanese choose to join China . "  Thus far , it looks like most Taiwanese do n't want reunification so long as China remains an authoritarian state with little respect for human rights , " he said .	Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou was discussing relations with mainland China President Ma : I will not discuss reunification , promote independence China and Taiwan separated in 1949 following a civil war Chinese President Xi Jinping has expressed his "  firm and unwavering stance " on reunification
CNN  -- An unusual standoff is unfolding on the island of Borneo where about 100 men from the southern Philippines have come ashore demanding to be recognized as representatives of a sultanate that has historical claims on the area , Malaysian authorities said . Malaysian police and armed forces are negotiating with the men , who arrived by boat Tuesday in the remote , eastern district of Lahad Datu , in the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo . The men claim to be the "  Royal Army of the Sultanate of Sulu " and say they do n't want their people to be sent away from the area , Tan Sri Ismail Omar , the Inspector General of the Royal Malaysian Police , said Thursday , according to the country 's national news agency Bernama . Malaysian security forces have surrounded the village where the men are , and discussions with the group are "  proceeding well , " Ismail said . "  We have told them to leave Sabah peacefully , as we do not want any situation which can threaten the security of the people , " he added . Founded in the 1400s , the Sultanate of Sulu once encompassed numerous islands in the southern Philippines . At one point , it also comprised parts of Borneo , including Sabah . The historical connection still fuels tensions between Malaysia and the Philippines , with Manila retaining a "  dormant claim " to Sabah through the Sultanate of Sulu , according to the CIA World Factbook . Sulu is now part of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in the southern Philippines , an area whose islands come within a few dozen kilometers of Sabah and where Islamic militants groups such as Abu Sayyaf operate . A previous hostage drama In 2000 , gunmen associated with Abu Sayyaf kidnapped more than 20 people , including Malaysians and Europeans , from a resort on the Sabah island of Sipadan , about 100 kilometers south of Lahad Datu , and held them for ransom in the southern Philippines . The group of Filipino men cornered in Lahad Datu say they do n't want to be linked with any militant group in the Philippines , Ismail said , according to Bernama . But police do n't rule out that the men are armed , he said . "  So far the situation is not tense and they appear to be behaving well , " Ismail was quoted as saying . "  We believe the group has friends in the village but do not have homes there . " Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said it was important that the matter "  be resolved without any bloodshed , " Bernama reported . Philippine government and military officials are coordinating with their Malaysian counterparts on the matter , the official Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported Friday . Abigail Valte , a spokeswoman for Philippine President Benigno Aquino III , said the government is trying to "  ascertain the facts " about the situation , according to PNA . She said Manila was ready to provide assistance to those involved in the standoff after Philippine diplomats in Malaysia had assessed the situation . The Philippine foreign ministry and the Malaysian prime minister 's office did n't immediately respond to requests for comment from CNN on Friday . Philippine military officials declined to comment on the matter . According to PNA , Manila still claims much of the eastern part of Sabah , which was leased to the British North Borneo Company in 1878 by the Sultanate of Sulu . In 1963 , Britain transferred Sabah to Malaysia , a move that the sultanate claimed was a breach of the 1878 deal . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Philippine officials say they are coordinating with Malaysia on the situation Malaysian security forces are in talks with the men from the South Philippines The men arrived in a remote district of the Malaysian state of Sabah on Tuesday They claim to represent a sultanate that once ruled over Sabah , a Malaysian official says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The 2005 London bombings on three subway trains and a bus , which killed 52 people , could not have been prevented , according to an official report into the attacks released Tuesday . The wreck of a bus destroyed by a bomb in central London on July 7 , 2005 . Police and intelligence services did all they could to trace suspects and avert attacks given the resources , intelligence and evidence they had at the time , said the report by the Intelligence and Security Committee , which reports directly to the prime minister . "  It is a very shocking fact , and it 's one we have to live with , " said Kim Howells , a lawmaker who chairs the committee . Some 700 people were wounded in the bombings on July 7 , 2005 . All four bombers died in the blasts . The finding contradicts portions of the committee 's 2006 report into the bombings , which said the chances of preventing the attacks could have been increased . Having additional resources in place might have alerted law enforcement agencies to the intentions of the July 7 bombers , the 2006 report said . Watch what the new inquiry concludes " But the report released Tuesday said it would have been impossible to trace every person connected to the plot . "  If you want complete coverage , you 're going to have to have hundreds of thousands -- literally -- of security and intelligence officers , and that 's not the society we live in , " Howells said at a news conference . "  I 'm afraid that it is an extremely uncomfortable fact . " Law enforcement agencies could not have simply shifted resources to cover areas that needed attention , the committee said , because other operations were deemed more urgent at the time and officers had to make "  hard choices " about the suspects and leads it wanted to pursue . "  Hindsight is a wonderful thing , " said committee member Michael Mates . "  Having gone into all the details , we ca n't find any reason to criticize the judgment they took at that time . " He added , "  I wish we could say it wo n't happen again , but we ca n't . " Resources are only part of the problem , the committee said . "  It is not simply a case of ` throwing money at the problem ' -- MI5 operates under legal constraints , too , " the report said . MI5 is Britain 's domestic intelligence agency . "  MI5 must have good reason to investigate an individual before they are permitted to use intrusive techniques -- the law is designed to protect an individual 's right to privacy . " Under the law , there was no reason for police to have followed some of the people now deemed to have been involved in the attacks . Surveillance or further investigation simply was n't justified in the months before the attacks , said committee member George Howarth . "  With hindsight , we are now able to consider past events , connect them and understand what might have been happening . But this is only with the benefit of hindsight , " the report said . Police coverage is now better than it was , Mates said , and he praised the British government for spending more on law enforcement and the security agencies for recruiting more staff . The committee did , however , criticize the communication between police and security services , just as the previous report did . It also criticized the record-keeping of MI5 . It is the panel 's most comprehensive report yet into the 2005 attacks . The committee looked at every detail that police and intelligence agents knew , including recordings , photographs , and records . It aimed to deliver a more complete report than the one issued in 2006 , Howells said . The final result took more than 14 months to produce and ran to more than 100 pages . "  We appreciate that everyone wants to be reassured that there will never be another 7/7 . Such an absolute assurance can not be given , " the report says . "  What our agencies can do is to build an intelligence network that gives them as much information as possible and then try and stop those that it comes across -- which is what they have been doing . But we must be realistic . Despite the increased efforts of the agencies , and the increased resources at their disposal , the odds are stacked against them . "	Report : Police and intelligence services did all they could to trace suspects Impossible to trace every person connected to the plot , it added 52 died , 700 people were wounded in July 7 , 2005 bombings All four bombers died in the blasts in central London
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police tightened security at airports across Pakistan Thursday after receiving reports of a possible suicide attack at the international airport that serves Islamabad . Pakistan 's capital was rocked by a suicide attack on the city 's Marriott Hotel at the weekend . Officers emptied the parking lot at the Benazir Bhutto International Airport , on the outskirts of Islamabad , said Parvez George of the country 's Civil Aviation Authority . Flights were going out of the airport , but police cleared the terminal building of the large crowds that usually gather to see relatives arrive or depart , George said . Muhammad Asghar of Islamabad Police told CNN that authorities placed the airport on high alert after intelligence reports indicated it was under threat of an attack . The country 's capital city is on edge since a deadly blast Saturday night at the Marriott Hotel . The explosion killed more than 50 people , including two U.S. military personnel and the Czech ambassador to Pakistan . The bombing wounded more than 250 and sparked a fire that left the hotel in ruins . On Thursday , the Danish intelligence service said one of its employees , Karsten Krabbe , was among the victims of the blast . Krabbe , a 53-year-old married father of two , was a security adviser at the Danish Embassy in Islamabad , which was targeted by a suicide bomber in June . That attack killed six people and wounded more than 20 . "  Karsten Krabbe lost his life in a cowardly and ruthless terror attack , " the Danish intelligence service said in a statement . Reacting to the Saturday 's attack , the U.S. government barred employees from major hotels in several Pakistani cities , the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan said . The Embassy in Islamabad added Lahore on Wednesday to a list of three other cities in which U.S. personnel are no longer allowed to visit or stay in major hotels . The Embassy took the measures because of general security concerns , said spokesman Lou Fintor Thursday . He did not comment on a specific threat . In addition to the hotel restriction , the Embassy temporarily suspended visa and other routine consular services for Thursday and Friday . It said it will make available emergency services for U.S. citizens who need passports or are arrested . And an advisory reminded Americans in Pakistan to avoid crowds and demonstrations and to keep a "  low profile . " It said Americans should vary times and routes while traveling to avoid setting patterns . And it said a travel warning issued on August 7 still stands : U.S. citizens should defer nonessential travel to Pakistan due to continuing security concerns . -- CNN 's Zein Basravi and Reza Sayah , and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report	Benazir Bhutto International Airport on high alert Intelligence reports indicated airport was under threat of an attack Officers combed through the airport compound looking for explosives Danish intelligence says one of its employees was killed in Marriott hotel attack
Atlanta 's enormous airport is still the busiest passenger airport in the world . More than 95 million passengers passed through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2012 , an increase of 3.4 % over the previous year , according to Airports Council International 's 2012 World Annual Traffic Report , released Monday . Beijing Capital International Airport came in second place , with nearly 82 million passengers last year , an increase of 4.1 % over 2011 . London 's Heathrow Airport came in third place with 70 million passengers , an increase of 0.9 % , according to Airports Council International , the worldwide association of airports . Rounding out the top 10 busiest passenger airports were Tokyo International Airport  Haneda  , Chicago O'Hare International Airport , Los Angeles International Airport , Paris , Dallas/Fort Worth , Jakarta and Dubai . #ATL24 : Behind the scenes at the world 's busiest airport Passenger traffic continued to grow around the world , with the world 's airports serving more than 5.7 billion passengers last year , growing by 4.4 percent from the previous year , according to the report . Atlanta 's airport also topped the rankings in airplane movements  takeoffs and landings  , with 930,000 movements last year . Chicago O'Hare International Airport came in second place with 878,000 movements and Los Angeles International Airport ranked third with 699,000 movements . Rounding out that list were Dallas/Fort Worth , Denver , Beijing , Charlotte , Las Vegas , Houston and Paris . Hong Kong 's airport is still the busiest cargo airport in the world , transporting 4.1 million metric tons of cargo last year . Memphis , Tennessee , home to FedEx , came in second place with 4.0 million metric tons and Shanghai was third with 2.9 million metric tons .  One metric ton equals 2,205 pounds .  Rounding out the top 10 were cargo airports in : Anchorage , Alaska ; Incheon , South Korea ; Dubai ; Louisville , Kentucky ; Paris ; Frankfurt , Germany ; and Tokyo  Narita  . This report updates a preliminary report released in March .	Airline passenger traffic continued to grow last year The top passenger airport is n't the top cargo airport Paris was the only airport to make it onto all three top 10 airport lists
New York  CNN  -- A city official married the first couple in New York City to wed under the state 's new law allowing same-sex marriage Sunday . Phyllis Siegal , 76 , and Connie Kopelov , 84 , were married in a chapel at the city clerk 's office as a crowd of onlookers cheered . The two , of New York , have been together for 23 years . Kopelov left the clerk 's office in a wheelchair , but used a walker to approach reporters . "  Your cheers are wonderful , " Siegal told well-wishers outside the office . She told reporters the experience was "  just so amazing . It 's the only way I can describe it . " Hundreds of same-sex couples heard the news Friday that they made the cut in the marriage lottery that New York state instituted for Sunday , the day that the state 's Marriage Equality Act took effect . "  These are two independent people who are joining together because they can see and they can feel how much better their lives will be , " city clerk Michael McSweeney said as he married Siegal and Kopelov . "  We are grateful that they are allowing us to share this truly momentous ceremony with them . " The New York City clerk 's office has been flooded with more than 2,600 requests for marriage licenses since the wording on the online application was changed from "  Groom and Bride " to "  Spouse A and Spouse B. " The office could handle less than a third of those requests -- gay or straight -- on Sunday , according to a press statement the city released earlier in the week . The lottery was set up to allocate 764 slots for couples who want to obtain marriage licenses and/or be married at city clerk 's offices on Sunday . Buffalo residents Kitty Lambert and Cheryle Rudd claim to be the first couple married in the state . The two exchanged vows at 12:01 a.m. Sunday in Niagara Falls , according to CNN affiliate WGRZ . Couples began lining up outside the clerk 's office in New York City before the ceremonies began Sunday . Some women wore wedding gowns , while some men wore suits or tuxedos . If all 764 weddings actually take place on Sunday , it will set a one-day record for the city . "  Marriage equality is alive and well in every borough of New York City right now , " said Christine Quinn , speaker of the New York City Council , who is also gay . She said watching the weddings "  sent a chill up my spine . " Marcos Chaljub and Freddy Zambrano were married after Siegal and Kopelov . The two tearfully said their vows as friends hovered and snapped pictures . "  You 're married ! " one declared as celebratory hugs were exchanged afterward . Chaljub and Zambrano conducted last-minute preparations Saturday for their wedding , picking up bouquets of wildflowers for their bridesmaids and champagne for a family brunch afterward . The couple has been together for five years . "  I have certain people in my life , they 're not totally OK with it , but they accept it , and just the fact they respect us because of that , it 's really the most that I can ask for , " Chaljub told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . The two have been wearing rings for five years , and said they do n't plan to exchange new ones . "  We 're just going to polish them up and exchange them again , " Chaljub said . As with many weddings , there were some comical moments . Chaljub momentarily forgot which finger to put Zambrano 's ring on . "  Is it this one ? " he asked . Asked whether he took Michael Elasser , 56 , as his spouse , 60-year-old Douglas Robinson responded , "  You bet your life I do ! " The couple 's two adopted sons , ages 25 and 22 , attended the ceremony . "  This is one of the great things about America , this diversity , " Robinson said . "  I 'm so proud to be an American today , but I 'm particularly proud to be a New Yorker . " New York Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum of Beit Simchat Torah congregation , who has lobbied for legalizing same-sex marriage , set up a station for couples desiring a religious ceremony after the civil one . New York legalized same-sex marriage in June . The Marriage Equality Act was a priority for Gov. Andrew Cuomo after winning election in November . The law was passed under a Republican-led Senate after days of delays and negotiations between the two parties . Quinn announced that a drawing will take place Monday to award a honeymoon package to one newly-married couple in each borough . The package will include two nights in a Manhattan hotel ; dinners ; tickets to a museum , the Empire State Buidling , a Broadway show and Cirque du Soleil ; and Macy 's gift certificates . However , opponents of the new law were planning to gather Sunday afternoon at rallies organized by the National Organization for Marriage in New York , Albany , Rochester and Buffalo . A handful of protesters were outside the city clerk 's office in Manhattan Sunday morning . Quinn told CNN that New York is the place where the LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender  movement was born , and a place the world looks to . "  All eyes are upon it , and I believe it is going to help propel this movement forward faster than any of the other states have , " Quinn said . Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont and New Hampshire also allow same-sex marriage , as does the District of Columbia . CNN 's Jesse Solomon and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	NEW : Opponents of the new law will hold rallies in several cities NEW : Buffalo residents claim to be the first couple married in the state City council speaker : "  All eyes are upon " New York Phyllis Siegal , 76 , and Connie Kopelov , 84 , are the first couple in NYC to wed
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Up to 30,000 additional U.S. troops could be sent to Afghanistan next year , military officials said Saturday . Helicopters are the main transportation of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , with its high mountain terrain . Roughly 31,000 U.S. troops currently are in Afghanistan . Of the additional troops , 20,000 will comprise four ground/maneuvering brigades , said Col. Gregory Julian , spokesman for U.S. forces in Afghanistan . That number is consistent with what Gen. David McKiernan , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , called for in October , he said . The additional 10,000 likely refers to support personnel , Julian said . McKiernan requested the additional 20,000 troops be sent to fight the increasing violence by the resurgent Taliban forces in the southern and eastern parts of the country . On Friday , military officials said Defense Secretary Robert Gates signed a deployment order to move an additional 3,000 troops to Afghanistan next year . Those troops will be part of a combat aviation brigade , the latest approved by Gates for the expected buildup of U.S. troops in the country in 2009 . The brigade will send a number of much-needed helicopters to the region . Helicopters are the main mode of transportation for the U.S. military in Afghanistan , where high mountain roads and passes make it difficult for large transport vehicles to move troops and supplies . The additional troops would nearly double the level of U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Troop levels are likely to be maintained at this increased level for three to four years , Julian said Saturday , as U.S. forces continue to try to "  clear and hold " more parts of Afghanistan from insurgents and militants and train Afghan military and police to be self-sufficient .	20,000 in four ground/maneuvering brigades , said U.S. forces spokesman The additional 10,000 likely refers to support personnel , said spokesman On Friday , Defense Secretary ordered 3,000 troops to Afghanistan for next year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Questions swirled Friday about the possible role prescription medications may have played in the death Thursday of pop idol Michael Jackson , people close to him said . The cause of pop star Michael Jackson 's death has not been determined after Friday 's autopsy . His autopsy was completed , but further tests must be carried out before the cause of death can be determined , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Coroner said . Craig Harvey said the tests would take four to six weeks , after which "  we anticipate being able to close the case and issuing a final cause of death . " Among the tests to be carried out , he said , are neuropathology  brain  and pulmonary  lung  tests . Harvey added , "  We know that he was taking some prescription medications , " but said he was not able to divulge what . The possibility that Jackson may have been taking medication that could have contributed to his death at the age of 50 weighed heavily Friday on a number of people close to the star . Watch coroner 's office discuss Jackson 's death . " In 2005 , after he was cleared on charges of child molestation , Jackson spent a week at a center run by Dr. Deepak Chopra , a physician who focuses on spirituality and the mind-body connection . During that week , Jackson asked Chopra for a prescription for a narcotic , the doctor told CNN . "  I said , ` What the heck do you want a narcotic prescription for ? ' And it suddenly dawned on me that he was probably taking these and that he had probably a number of doctors who were giving him these prescriptions , so I confronted him with that . At first , he denied it . Then , he said he was in a lot of pain . " Chopra said he responded to Jackson that there were plenty of other ways for him to handle his pain , but that the arguments were not persuasive . Watch CNN 's Sanjay Gupta discuss Jackson 's death " "  For a while , I lost him , " he said . "  I have had that happen with me with other celebrities in Hollywood . There 's a plethora of doctors in Hollywood , they 're drug peddlers , they 're drug pushers , they just happen to be having a medical license and I hope that this episode today , this tragic death of a great human being , will bring to light the huge problem we have in Hollywood with some of the medical establishment , the celebrity doctors , who not only initiate people into the drug experience , but then they perpetuate it so that people become dependent on them . " Chopra said Jackson had recently gone on a diet to prepare for his planned comeback tour , which was to have begun next month in England , and was excited about his planned resumption of his performing career . "  He was practicing , he was fasting , and yet he was n't physically in the condition to do this , and he was not confronting his drug addiction , which is the big problem , " Chopra said . He blamed Jackson 's death on drug abuse , though he offered no direct evidence . "  When you have enough drugs in your system , your heart goes into an arrhythmia and your respiration stops , " he said . "  I think the drugs killed him . " Chopra said he had known Jackson to take the opium-derived painkiller OxyContin at one time , as well as injections of the narcotic pain reliever Demerol "  and other narcotics , and I was really desperate to try to help him , but you know you ca n't help somebody who would go into denial . " Watch crowds gather at the hospital . " Jackson typically would refuse to call Chopra for several weeks at a time , the doctor said . "  Then he would call me two or three weeks later and say he was sorry , that he had been busy and it was n't the drugs -- but it was the drugs . " Chopra , who said he knew Jackson for more than two decades , described him as "  my little brother -- I feel very bad for him . " Brian Oxman , a former attorney for the Jackson family who was with the family in the hospital emergency room on Thursday , also expressed concern about medications the pop star was taking . "  I talked to his family about it , I warned them -- I said that Michael is overmedicating and that I did not want to see this kind of a case develop , " Oxman told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Friday . He referred to Anna Nicole Smith , the former model and reality TV show star who died of an overdose in 2007 . "  I said , ` If that 's what 's going to happen to Michael , it 's all going to break our hearts . ' And my worst fears are here . " Oxman emphasized that he did not know what killed Jackson , and was not making accusations against any individual . Jackson 's ex-wife , Lisa Marie Presley , said in an online blog posted Friday that she was not surprised by Thursday 's news . She said she divorced him in January 1996 , after less than two years of marriage , because she was "  in over my head in trying " to save Jackson "  from the inevitable , which is what has just happened . " Jackson talked with her about his death during "  a deep conversation " 14 years ago about "  the circumstances of my father 's death , " she wrote , referring to Elvis Presley . The singer collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . The similarity to the "  King of Rock " apparently resonated with the "  King of Pop . " "  At some point he paused , he stared at me very intensely and he stated with an almost calm certainty , ' I am afraid that I am going to end up like him , the way he did , ' " Presley said . Watch crowds gather at the hospital . " "  I promptly tried to deter him from the idea , at which point he just shrugged his shoulders and nodded almost matter of fact as if to let me know , he knew what he knew and that was kind of that . " That conversation haunted Presley as she watched television coverage of Jackson 's death Thursday , she said . "  I am sitting here watching on the news -LSB- as -RSB- an ambulance leaves the driveway of his home , the big gates , the crowds outside the gates , the coverage , the crowds outside the hospital , the cause of death and what may have led up to it and the memory of this conversation hit me , as did the unstoppable tears , " she wrote . "  A predicted ending by him , by loved ones and by me , but what I did n't predict was how much it was going to hurt when it finally happened . " Her blog can be found online at http://blogs.myspace.com/lisamariepresley CNN is seeking response from the family . Meanwhile , police -- who had spoken Thursday with Dr. Conrad Murray , who was with Jackson when he died -- were trying to reach him again Friday . A car that Murray had parked at Jackson 's home was impounded and may contain medications pertinent to the investigation , said Detective Agustin Villanueva of the Los Angeles Police Department . Public records show the impounded car was registered to a Texas woman who is an associate of the cardiologist , who is licensed in California and Texas and also has an office in Las Vegas , Nevada . CNN 's calls to Murray 's office were not returned Friday . AEG Live , the promoter of Jackson 's planned tour , said their deal with the singer included a dedicated private physician of his choosing and that Jackson chose Murray , his physician of three years . A source close to the family said Murray spent much of the last two months with Jackson , as he prepared for his upcoming concert series . The doctor is said to be cooperating with officials . Jackson was in cardiac arrest when paramedics took him Thursday from his home to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , where the music idol was pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m.  5:26 p.m. ET  . Listen to the 911 call " He had been preparing for a comeback tour -- aimed at extending his legendary career and helping him to pay off hundreds of millions of dollars in debt . Jackson began his professional work at age 5 , singing with his brothers , before shooting to superstardom as a solo singer . He had numerous No. 1 hits -- the best known being "  Thriller , " the best-selling album of all time , at an estimated 50 million copies worldwide . After dominating the popular music scene for years , Jackson became reclusive and mired in scandals that included child molestation charges . He reached a settlement with one accuser and was acquitted in another case after a highly publicized trial in Santa Maria , California , in June 2005 . Jackson is survived by his three children , Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II . Condolences and appreciations continued to pour in Thursday from around the world . President Obama said he considered Jackson a "  spectacular performer " and expressed his condolences to the Jackson family , the White House said Friday . At a briefing with reporters , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said he spoke with the president Friday morning about the death of the pop superstar . "  He said to me that , obviously , Michael Jackson was a spectacular performer , a music icon . I think everybody remembers hearing his songs , watching him moonwalk on television during Motown 's 25th anniversary . " But Gibbs said the president also noted that "  aspects of his life were sad and tragic . His condolences went out to the Jackson family and to fans that mourned his loss . " In a written statement , Jackson 's second ex-wife , Debbie Rowe Jackson , said , "  Though Michael is now at peace , the world has lost a beautiful and loving soul . I appreciate the outpouring of support and prayer for Michael , all of his family , me and our children , and hope our privacy can be respected at this difficult time . " CNN 's Alan Duke and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	NEW : Deepak Chopra believes prescription drugs killed "  King of Pop " Cause of Michael Jackson 's death deferred ; no trauma or foul play found Spokesman : Jackson was taking prescription medications Physician 's car may contain "  medications pertinent to the investigation "
EW.com  -- NBC 's "  Celebrity Apprentice " live final could n't withstand ABC 's telecast of the Billboard Music Awards . The three-hour music awards telecast delivered 7.4 million viewers and a 2.7 rating among adults 18-49 . That 's tying with Billboard 's lowest-rated telecast ever and down 10 percent this year . Still , it was enough to win the night for ABC . The two-hour "  Celebrity Apprentice "  6.8 million , 2.2  closer was the reality competition 's lowest-rated finale ever , down a sharp 27 percent from last year  here 's Dalton Ross ' interview with the winner  . Fox 's animation lineup also had its finales , including "  The Simpsons "  4.8 million , 2.1  and a one-hour "  Family Guy "  5.3 million , 2.5  . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Billboard Music Awards telecast delivered 7.4 million viewers The two-hour "  Celebrity Apprentice " finale had 6.8 million viewers It was the reality competition 's lowest-rated finale ever
CNN  -- Thomas Muller 's pre-match remarks could have backfired on him and his Bayern Munich teammates . "  The Bundesliga has already been decided , " the 24-year-old confidently predicted in an interview with Munich newspaper TZ . "  I do n't think anyone is reckoning that we will lose six of our last remaining 12 matches ... " Make that six of their last 11 as Bayern Munich walloped Schalke 5-1 at the Allianz Arena on Saturday . For the Bundesliga 's fourth-placed side it was a forgettable end to a miserable week . After being taken to the cleaners by Real Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday , Pep Guardiola 's side found Schalke 's defense in equally accommodating mood come the weekend . David Alaba scored from a free kick in the third minute with Arjen Robben doubling the lead after a quarter of an hour . Mario Mandzukic headed in a third in the 24th minute before Robben 's second four minutes later ended any hopes of a Schalke fightback . Four nil had been the scoreline in the corresponding fixture earlier in the season , but Bayern were n't quite finished . Brazilian right-back Rafinha scored an own goal in the 64th minute to gift the visitors a goal , but 12 minutes later Schalke 's center back Kyriakos Papadopoulos was shown a straight red for bringing down Mandzukic in the penalty area . Up stepped Robben to claim a hat-trick and round off a depressing week for Schalke manager Jens Keller . With Bayer Leverkusen losing 1-0 at home to Mainz , Bayern extended their lead to 20 points and could be crowned champions by the end of March . Elsewhere , Borussia Dortmund backed up an impressive 4-2 win at Zenit St Petersburg in the Champions League on Tuesday with an 3-0 win against Nurnberg . Second-half goals from Mats Hummels , Robert Lewandowski and Henrik Mkhitaryan move Jurgen Klopp 's side up to second with 45 points . In the other matches played Saturday , Werder Bremen beat Hamburg 1-0 while the matches between Augsburg and Hannover and Braunschweig and Monchengladbach both ended in 1-1 draws . Chelsea extend title lead as Arsenal stumble After registering the only goal and point for English clubs in the last 16 of the Champions League in midweek , Chelsea returned to English Premier League action on Saturday facing west London rivals Fulham . Fulham boss Felix Magath 's task of avoiding relegation got a little bit harder after Jose Mourinho 's side enjoyed a comfortable 3-1 win at Craven Cottage . A second-half hat-trick by Geman international Andre Schurrle earned Chelsea all three points -- John Heitinga scoring a consolation for the home side -- and a four-point lead at the top of the table . Arsenal would have expected to maintain the one-point deficit with Chelsea as they traveled to Stoke but instead slumped to defeat . A 76th minute penalty by Jonathan Walters ensured Mark Hughes ' side scored only a second win in ten matches to boost their survival chances -- victory lifts them to 12th place with 30 points . Whereas Arsene Wenger 's side appear to be stalling in the title race , Liverpool continue to score goals for fun and keep their supporters wondering if they can claim their first league title in 24 years . The foundations for an emphatic 3-0 win against Southampton were laid by a Luis Suarez -- the Uruguayan tucking away his first goal in six games in the 16th minute . Raheem Sterling adding a second in the 58th minute before Steven Gerrard 's injury time penalty made sure of three points . Brendan Rodgers 's team now rise to second ahead of Arsenal on goal difference . Merseyside rivals Everton bounced back from back-to-back defeats with a 1-0 win against West Ham United at Goodison Park while Newcastle United 's mini-revival continued with a 4-1 win against Hull City at the KC Stadium . But the victory was overshadowed when Newcastle boss Alan Pardew was sent to the stands by the referee after clashing with Hull City 's David Meyler . Pardew appeared to head-butt Meyler after the midfielder had brushed past him to retrieve the ball for a throw-in in the 72nd minute . The English Football Association says it will investigate the incident . Manchester City will take Sunderland in the League Cup final at Wembley on Sunday while three league fixtures will also be played with Aston Villa taking on Norwich , Swansea entertaining Crystal Palace and Cardiff traveling to Tottenham Hotspur . Read more : Pardew fined for heat-butt	Bayern Munich on course to clinch title in March after another emphatic win Pep Guardiola 's side thrash Schalke 5-1 ; Borussia Dortmund up to second Bayern now 20 points clear with 11 games remaining Chelsea beat Fulham 3-1 go four points clear in EPL ; Arsenal lose 1-0 to Stoke
Sierra Leone plans a three-day nationwide lockdown in an effort to halt an Ebola outbreak that has killed hundreds , a move that a leading medical charity said Saturday will not help . People will not be allowed to leave their homes for three days under the plan , set to start September 19 . The lockdown is being billed as a predominantly social campaign rather than a medical one , in which volunteers will go door-to-door to talk to people . "  We believe this the best way for now to identify those who are sick and remove them from those who are well , " said Alhaji Alpha Kanu , Sierra Leone 's minister of information and communication . But Médecins Sans Frontières , also known as Doctors Without Borders , said such a lockdown is unlikely to stop the spread of the disease . "  Large scale coercive measures like forced quarantines and lockdowns are driving people underground and jeopardizing the trust between people and health providers . This is leading to the concealment of cases and is pushing the sick away from health systems , " the charity group said in a statement . "  This is leading to the concealment of potential cases and is pushing the sick away from health systems . " It 's not the first time a quarantine or lockdown has been tried . In August , the Liberian government locked down one of the poorest neighborhoods in the capital of Monrovia in an attempt to stop the spread of the virus . The move resulted in riots . 21,000 volunteers to go door-to-door Sierra Leone set the lockdown date for September 19-21 to give the country time to train volunteers and get needed equipment , such as ambulances , Kanu said . During the lockdown , 21,000 volunteers will fan out across the nation to talk with people about how to protect themselves from the disease , as well as identify Ebola cases , Kanu said . It was unclear how many of these volunteers would be health workers . The information minister described the volunteers as young people from the very communities where they will be working . "  Resistance will be less . They will be talking to people they know , " Kanu said . He did not say what punishment , if any , people would face for violating the lockdown . Ebola typically kills 90 % of those infected with the virus , but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped because of early treatment . Even so , MSF questioned such a plan . "  It will be extremely difficult for health workers to accurately identify cases through door-to-door screenings as this requires a certain level of expertise , " the group said . "  And when cases are identified , there will not be enough Ebola management centers to care for them . " Number of cases on the rise Also , there is a question of what a three-day lockdown will do to slow the spread of the virus , given that the Ebola incubation period can range between two and 21 days . The virus is spread through contact with bodily fluids , and early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . More than 3,600 people have been diagnosed with Ebola since the first documented case in December , the World Health Organization has said . Of those cases , there have been 1,800 fatalities , the agency has said . More than 40 % of the cases have been diagnosed in the past three weeks , the agency said . The outbreak has been centered in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , with a handful of cases in Nigeria . The overall fatality rate is 50 % , WHO said , ranging from 39 % in Sierra Leone to 64 % in Guinea , according to the latest figures . WHO says it believed that fruit bats may be the natural host of the Ebola virus in Africa , passing on the virus to other animals . Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans . The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first outbreaks occurred in 1976 . The same year there was another outbreak in Sudan . While there is no known cure or vaccine available , the first human trial of an experimental Ebola vaccine began this last week .	Sierra Leone is giving itself time to train volunteers and get needed equipment Lockdown plan calls for residents to be confined to their homes for three days Volunteers will go door-to-door to talk to people , official says Medical charity warns the lockdown will drive people "  underground "
CNN  -- When people want to give back to their community , they typically pull out their checkbooks . Jayson Black decided to pull out his running shoes . The 28-year-old IT consultant pledged to run 26.2 miles a day for 26 days -- a total of 681.2 miles -- to raise money and awareness for the Three Square Food Bank of Southern Nevada . "  My hopes are that people will see and hear about this epic mission and open their eyes a little bit , " Black said on day eight of his challenge . "  Las Vegas is n't all about the sparkling lights and big hotels and casinos . In the shadows and down the alleys that surround the Strip , people are hungry . " The mission Black first came to CNN 's attention through longtime iReporter Chris Morrow , who was in Las Vegas and read about his campaign . Black spent Thanksgiving Day on the street . He woke up , went to church and ran all day . After completing his daily marathon , Black came home for a Thanksgiving meal of salad and protein shakes . CNN iReport : 26 marathons in 26 days He 's not complaining . He says he started this challenge to draw attention to impoverished people who go hungry on a daily basis . "  You drive around any city in the United States , and there 's always someone somewhere holding a sign or digging through a garbage can for something to eat , " he says . "  It 's great that everyone donates a turkey at Thanksgiving , but this is something bigger than just Thanksgiving . " An estimated 16.2 % of the Southern Nevada population is considered "  food insecure , " meaning people do not know when or from where their next meal will come . That 's above the national average of 14.5 % for 2012 , according to Feeding America . Nationally , some 17.6 million households are considered "  food insecure . " Matt Muldoon , chief development officer at Three Square Food Bank , says Southern Nevada 's continued poverty is due in large part to the "  triple whammy " that occurred in 2008 : home foreclosures , bankruptcies and high unemployment . "  The economic recovery -- if there 's any going on in the country -- has really not entrenched itself here , " Muldoon says . Though Black has never participated in an official race , he often runs marathon distances . The most he has ever run in one day is 52 miles . When Black pitched his idea , Muldoon knew he could trust Black to complete this challenge to raise money and awareness for the food bank . "  The first observation I made about Jay was that he was very calm , " Muldoon says . "  And with that calmness was a very big aura of confidence that he could physically accomplish this feat . " One step at a time Each day , Black woke up at 4:15 a.m. . He went to the kitchen for an energizing shake , then took a hot shower and got ready to run another 26.2 miles . But it was n't always easy . Because he was n't racing , it took Black five to six hours to complete the distance each day . He usually ran outside but often had trouble finding an open road to run on . He also suffered from a shin injury and a stress fracture , but it did n't stop him . "  I kind of look at my body as an engine , " he says . "  Unless doctors say you ca n't go any further , then we 're going to get to the finish line . " When he first told his friends that he would complete 26 marathons in 26 days , they had mixed reactions . "  Some of my friends said , ` You are nuts . How is your body going to handle it ? ' And then I told them why I was doing it , " he says . "  They would start off dumbfounded , but they would always walk away inspired . " Even though Black was confident , he sometimes worried he might not be able to cross the finish line . If he got seriously injured , there was no other plan than to quit . But all doubts vanished when Black ran along the Las Vegas Strip . "  We ran into a lot of homeless people downtown , and once you tell them what you 're doing , they get a little sparkle in their eye , " he says . "  And they thank you . That 's probably one of the most gratifying parts of this whole thing -- knowing that I have an opportunity to tell these people that we have n't forgotten about them . " The finish line Black set out with a mission to raise both financial donations and nonperishable food items for the food bank . Muldoon says he did n't want to peg Black 's efforts to a specific dollar amount . In fact , Muldoon has n't even kept track of the amount of money raised during the challenge . "  If I am focused on just the dollar amount , then I 'm missing the purpose of exactly what he 's trying to accomplish here , " he says . Black started with a goal of $ 4,000 . He raised a total of $ 4,024 . All of his proceeds will go to the Three Square Food Bank . Because of the food bank 's efficiencies , Muldoon says each dollar can be turned into three meals . To commemorate his achievement , the Clark County Board of Commissioners in Nevada declared December 23 , 2013 , Jayson Black Day . "  For the first time in my life , I feel truly blessed . It 's not really a sense of relief , it 's a sense of accomplishment , " Black said after finishing . "  We do n't have any specific plans yet , but we 'll wrap up 2013 with a big bow and then we 'll get a team together and start thinking about next year . " Though Black 's mission came to an end Monday , he wants people to know they can make a positive contribution in their own communities no matter where they are located . "  You do n't have to run 26 marathons in 26 days to make someone smile , " he says . "  You do n't have to do crazy epic stuff . Any one of us can make a difference . "	Jayson Black , 28 , ran a total of 681.2 miles to raise money for Three Square Food Bank He suffered a shin injury and a stress fracture during the challenge His goal is to raise awareness about hunger and motivate people to give back
CNN  Since Friday , social media debates such as #thedress were silenced . There was more sobering news . Leonard Nimoy , "  Star Trek 's " beloved Mr. Spock , had died . His co-stars , fellow celebrities and fans reacted with heartfelt tributes from around the world and all the way to space , where astronaut Terry W. Wirts flashed a Vulcan salute aboard the International Space Station . As the weekend went on , billboards from the company Outfront Media  formerly CBS , owners of "  Star Trek "  showed up around Atlanta . Longtime friend and co-star William Shatner remembered Nimoy "  like a brother . " George Takei wrote , "  Today , the world lost a great man , and I lost a great friend . We return you now to the stars , Leonard . " And Zachary Quinto , who played Spock in the recent "  Star Trek " movie reboots , said , "  my heart is broken . " The hashtag #LLAP , which stands for "  Live long and prosper " and which Nimoy used to sign his tweets , was trending across several social media platforms after the news of his death . The outpouring on Twitter and elsewhere left no doubt about Nimoy 's indelible mark on pop culture . Nimoy 's career also inspired some of the most brilliant minds in space and science . NASA posted a 1979 photo of Nimoy and the "  Star Trek " cast -- some sporting '70s leisure suits -- visiting the space shuttle Enterprise . And then there were the ordinary fans -- Trekkies , aspiring actors and science geeks who related to Nimoy 's brainy Spock character -- who posted personal messages and remembrances . Nimoy in 2010 : "  I feel very fulfilled " with my work Paul Roth , 39 , chief information officer at Chesapeake Systems in Baltimore , posted a teary-eyed photo using the #LLAP hashtag . "  Leonard Nimoy showed a young , nerdy , bullied me that not only could science be important and valued , but it could literally save entire ships , planets , and galaxies of lives , " he said . "  As I grew up , he taught me that reason could be tempered with humor . That learned adults still had more to learn . That feminism and opposing prejudice was vital . And that there is no age too late to reinvent yourself . " Neil Macdonald from Widnes in the United Kingdom wrote on Instagram : "  I have been and always shall be your friend . " And , Molly Desormeaux , an acting student in Montreal , Quebec , said : "  Leonard Nemoy is one of the reasons why I still believe that acting can change peoples ' lives . " Nimoy : "  Fringe " cast impressed me the most We 'll give Nimoy himself the last word . The actor , filmmaker and author , who was an active user of Twitter up until his death , shared a final thought Monday that exemplifies the fleetingness and beauty of life . CNN 's Daphne Sashin and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this story .	Co-stars , science leaders and fans pay tribute to "  Star Trek 's " Leonard Nimoy Nimoy , best known for his role as Mr. Spock , died Friday at 83
Former President George H.W. Bush , who was taken to a Houston hospital after experiencing shortness of breath , will remain in the hospital for at least one more night , his spokesman said Friday evening . Bush is in "  high spirits and continues to make progress , " Jim McGrath said , but will remain in the hospital another night . On Christmas Day , the former president received visits from his wife , Barbara , son Neil and daughter-in-law Maria Bush , McGrath said in a previous statement . McGrath said Bush "  asked that his sincere wishes for a very Merry Christmas be extended to one and all . " In a statement Wednesday , a day after the hospitalization , McGrath said Bush 's prognosis "  remains very positive " and he was remaining at the medical facility "  as a precaution . " Aides stressed this hospitalization is different from what the former president faced two years ago when he had to spend two months , including Christmas , hospitalized after suffering bronchitis and a persistent cough . "  The Bush family certainly appreciates all your prayers , love and concern . This is not two years ago . It 's a hiccup . He should come home in a few days , " Jean Becker , Bush 's chief of staff , said in a statement in reaction to the outpouring of concern for him . Bush , 90 , a Republican , served as the nation 's 41st president and is the father of the 43rd president , George W. Bush . While suffering from a form of Parkinson 's disease that causes him to use a wheelchair or a scooter , the elder Bush has been active recently . He jumped out of a helicopter to celebrate his 90th birthday in June and participated in the coin toss at a Houston Texans professional football game last month . There he showed up on the "  Kiss Cam , " which captured him and Barbara smooching . He also appeared last month with his son George at an event to unveil his new book , "  41 : A Portrait of My Father . " 41 things about Bush 41	Former President George H.W. Bush will spend another night in the hospital Bush was hospitalized Tuesday for shortness of breath He is the father of 43rd president , George W. Bush
CNN  -- Comedian Joan Rivers lost her life after having an apparently minor elective procedure at a Manhattan medical clinic last week . The routine surgery was on her throat , according to the New York Fire Department . She apparently suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest during the procedure at Yorkville Endoscopy . She was transferred by ambulance to Mount Sinai Hospital and died on Thursday . The outpatient clinic is now being investigated by the New York State Department of Health , according to its spokesperson , James O'Hara . No criminal investigation is under way , according to several New York law enforcement officials . The state health department is investigating whether there was any malpractice by the doctors and their staff , the same officials said . What Rivers wants at her funeral Rivers ' autopsy was inconclusive , the medical examiner 's office said . The routine nature of the surgery has left some asking how it could have killed her . Doctors say just because a surgery is called routine or elective does n't necessarily mean it is simple . "  Elective typically just means it is something you can plan ahead of time , as opposed to emergency surgery where you need to get someone in right away , " said Dr. John Sweeney , chairman of the department of surgery at Emory University in Atlanta . When Sweeney talks to his patients about surgery he explains that there are always risks involved . There could be complications due to bleeding or infection during the procedure . Or there could be specific risks related to the type of operation . 25 of Joan Rivers ' best jokes Endoscopy usually refers to an evaluation of the esophagus or GI tract , according to Dr. Joel Zivot . Zivot is an assistant professor of anesthesiology and surgery at Emory University School of Medicine . He said sometimes patients will have these procedures so doctors can evaluate their vocal cords . Endoscopy is normally done under general anesthetic . Operating on the vocal cords is trickier , because a tube that would normally help someone breathe during such a procedure could n't go across the vocal cords . To tolerate that kind of evaluation , Zivot said , someone would need to be in a deep unconscious state . The center has not released the specifics about the kind of procedure Rivers had , so it is unclear if she would have had a simple anesthetic spray on the throat or something where the airway was compromised . "  People have endoscopy safely every day in this country , " Zivot said . "  Generally speaking , it 's well tolerated . " There can be risk with surgery if someone has any kind of underlying health problem . Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream In the initial surgery consult , Sweeney said he always asks patients : Do they smoke ? Do they have diabetes ? Do they have heart problems or lung disease ? Essentially , do they have any kind of physical problem that would put them at an increased risk for complications ? "  Some doctors will throw in age as a risk , but I would call that ` chronological age , ' because I have some 51-year-old patients that are physically in much worse shape than someone who is much older , " Sweeney said . "  She is not someone you look at and say ` that woman looks frail , ' " said Dr. Jonathan Flacker . Flacker , also at Emory , sees a number of older patients in the geriatrics department . Neither he nor Sweeney treated Rivers . Rivers was a pointed , pioneering comedian "  She was vibrant and engaged and great at intelligent conversation , everything someone would want to be when they are older , " Flacker said . But he added , older people , no matter how energetic they appear , do have an inherent age-related disadvantage when it comes to surgery . When people get older they have less of what doctors call repertoire and reserve . That means their older body and brain lose some ability to cope with stress . "  Older people tend to lose their repertoire and their ability to cope with stress through a variety of reasons and not all of them relate to a disease state . They come along with age for everyone , " Flacker said . Surgery of any kind , he said , is a real stress on the body . That 's what makes surgery riskier for older people . Joan Rivers : Hollywood mourns a friend Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report	Joan Rivers suffered complications during minor elective surgery Any kind of surgery comes with risk Age can be a complicating factor for surgery ; Rivers was 81
CNN  -- For the first time in several weeks , authorities have released information about missing Malaysia Flight 370 not previously available to the public . The problem is , it 's very technical and experts said it 's going to take them weeks to figure out exactly what it means . On Tuesday the Malaysian authorities published a 47-page document containing hundreds of lines of communication logs between the airliner that went missing March 8 and Inmarsat , a British satellite telecommunications company . Is there anything in the data we did n't already know ? The data is dense and complicated , and even professionals will need time to analyze the logs , experts tell CNN . But there is some key general information that has emerged . The data includes the seven "  handshakes " investigators said helped them conclude that the plane ended its flight in the southern Indian Ocean , where the search continues . "  Handshake " is the lingo that Inmarsat uses . It means a signal between the satellite and the plane . The satellite sends a coded signal to the plane essentially asking "  Are you there ? " and the plane sends a signal conveying "  I am here . " Remember it was Malaysian authorities who , in late March , told relatives of the 239 passengers and crew that the aircraft crashed in the southern Indian ocean . The Malaysian government 's decided to release the data now , said Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce on CNN 's "  New Day . " The data constitutes "  raw communications logs over our networks , " he said . "  That 's all the information that we have that passed between our network and the plane during the fateful hours when the flight was lost , " Pearce said . "  So it 's everything -- we put everything out there . " Speaking of handshakes , what 's this about a ` partial handshake ' ? Inmarsat and Australian officials have addressed something they call a "  margin of error " -- or how far the plane could be from the location where authorities believe it crashed . The focus of the search has been the so-called seventh arc , which represents the location of a "  partial handshake . " Authorities believe that area is where the plane ran out of fuel . When it ran out of fuel , the plane 's on-board satellite communications system stopped , and the "  partial handshake " was the battery-powered communication 's equipment powering up following a power interruption , authorities said . Angus Houston , the head of the Australian agency coordinating the search , first suggested at a press conference in early April that may have happened . You 've said it 's going to take time -- how long exactly ? An international group of experts is reviewing the data from Inmarsat and examining an analysis of the plane 's performance -- and that enterprise could take two to three more weeks , Australian Transport Safety Bureau Chief Commissioner Martin Dolan told CNN Tuesday . On top of that , it 's possible that continuing to review the data will further refine or even shift the search area from its current location , Dolan told CNN . It 's not just people involved in the search saying that . Even Michael Exner , founder of American Mobile Satellite Corporation , a member of a loose confederation of experts who 've demanded access to the information , said the information released Tuesday is too limited to verify Inmarsat 's conclusion that the plane flew south , into the Indian Ocean . He joined the chorus of others who called for more time . But do n't the Australians , the leaders of the search , have anything more to say ? For the first time , Australian accident investigators outlined in a detailed report why they believe the plane crashed in the southern Indian ocean . The report , posted Monday on the ATSB 's website , includes a map with seven concentric circles representing the "  seven handshakes " captured in the Inmarsat data . This is where aviation experts -- who call themselves av geeks -- can begin their inside baseball debate . To start them off -- the Australians ' report explains two key measurements : The first , the Burst Timing Offset  BTO  , which allowed investigators to figure out how far away the plane was from the satellite at the time of each "  handshake . " The second , the Burst Frequency Offset  BFO  , which helped investigators estimate the speed and direction of the aircraft , which led to the conclusion that MH370 flew into the southern Indian Ocean . You 've probably seen family members on the news , outraged at the Malaysian government , accusing officials of not being transparent during the investigation . How are relatives reacting to the release of this data ? "  It is very technical and we are not experts , so we may ask some other people who can help us , " said Steven Wang on CNN Tuesday . His mother was a passenger . Sarah Bajc , partner of American passenger Philip Wood , told CNN 's "  New Day " that she believes Malaysian authorities have more information they 're not releasing . She suggested that the Malaysian government received the data from Inmarsat and manipulated it before releasing it to the public . "  They 're clearly covering something up , " she said . "  Now , whether they 're covering up their own incompetence or they 're covering up wrongdoing or they 're covering up on behalf of somebody else , for instance another more powerful government , it could be any of those scenarios . " She said that the families have reached out to their own hired experts who are analyzing the data , but that it is too soon to tell if they can draw any conclusions .	47-page document released with data about missing Malaysia Flight 370 Document contains communication logs between company and plane The data is dense and complicated ; experts say it will take weeks to analyze
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has played down comments made by Australian golfing legend Greg Norman that his emergence as the world 's most dominant golfer is intimidating Tiger Woods . Norman 's comments have led to Woods jokingly referring to the Northern Irishman as "  The Intimidator , " says McIlroy . But it 's a nickname he neither deserves , nor takes seriously , he says . "  No . How can I intimidate Tiger Woods ? I mean , the guy 's got 75 or whatever PGA Tour wins , 14 majors . He 's been the biggest thing ever in our sport , " he added . "  How could some little 23-year-old from Northern Ireland with a few wins come up and intimidate him . It 's just not possible . I do n't know where he got that from , but it 's not true , " he added . But Norman , a two-time major winner , believes a changing of the golfing guard is underway . "  When have you ever seen him intimidated by another player ? Never . I think -LSB- Tiger -RSB- knows his time 's up and that 's normal ; these things tend to go in 15-year cycles , " Norman told Foxsports.com . Woods and McIlroy have been paired together in the opening round of the Tour Championship -- the final playoff in this year 's FedExCup -- which starts at East Lake Golf Club , Atlanta on Thursday . McIlroy will guarantee himself $ 10 million if he wins the tournament and has a good chance of taking the prize with a top-five finish , according to PGATour.com . PGATour.com FedExCup winning scenarios Victory in the Tour Championship would also see McIlroy complete four wins from his five most recent tournaments on the PGA Tour -- a sequence which began at the U.S.PGA Championship . "  It would just cap off a great year , " McIlroy said . "  It 's hard to compare -LSB- the playoffs -RSB- to a major championship because it 's a year -- long thing and it 's about being consistent . "  You have to play well at the right time like I have the last couple of weeks . It would be nice to have something to recognise that you have played the best golf the whole way throughout the year . " "  If I win -LSB- the Tour Championship -RSB- , I win -LSB- the FedExCup -RSB- , " he said . "  That 's the mindset I 'm coming in with . I feel like I 'm playing well enough to win . I know if I do that , everything else takes care of itself . " Meanwhile , McIlroy has revealed he will reconsider his decision to compete for Team GB at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro . McIlory , who was born in Northern Ireland , received funding from the Golfing Union of Ireland before turning professional in 2007 . His comments that he would rather represent Team GB were criticized in some quarters , but McIlroy says he will make a decision nearer the time . "  After everything that happened last week it definitely makes me reconsider my position and reconsider a lot of things , " he added . "  I think it just really hit home with me how important it is for a lot of people and how important my success has been to them . " "  Obviously , I 've had a lot of support from all sides - from people that call themselves Irish , from Northern Irish , to the whole of the UK , to people over here in the States . "  It just hit home with me at how my success is welcomed by everyone . It would be terrible for me to nearly segregate myself from one of those group that supports me so much . "  It 's four years away - I still have a bit of time to decide . But , I 'm very , very appreciative and very grateful of the support that I get from everyone . "	World No. 1 Rory McIlroy plays down suggestion that Tiger Woods is intimidated by him Comments made by Australia 's Greg Norman have been made light of by both Woods and McIlroy Woods aiming to beat McIlroy to $ 10 million prize for coming top in FedExCup overall standings Tour Championship in Atlanta which starts Thursday will decide winner of $ 10 million jackpot
CNN  U.S. helicopter gunships supported Iraqi ground forces battling ISIS militants in al-Baghdadi , military sources said , an action that brings U.S. troops closer to combat . On Saturday , the U.S. military said al-Baghdadi was "  contested , " as Iraqi forces fought back . The U.S. military Friday deployed attack helicopters against an ISIS assault on the strategic Ayn al-Assad Air Base about 15 kilometers  9 miles  south of al-Baghdadi , sources said . Iraqi ground forces killed those attackers and the Apaches safely returned to base without firing a shot , the source said . Robert Baer , a former CIA officer , said the battles may indicate a deepening involvement of U.S. troops in the fight against ISIS . "  I think what we 're seeing here is mission creep , " he said . "  The Iraqi army is not up to the task . And without the United States Air Force and the military on the ground , a lot of these ... bases would be overrun . " Mark Hertling , a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general , said he thought the Iraqi army was improving . "  I think the Iraqi government is getting it back together and , yes , they do need help from coalition forces , U.S. forces right now , " he said . "  But they 're coming around and they realize what a scourge this organization -LSB- ISIS -RSB- is . " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby described the battle at the air base , saying , "  It looks like they at least got to the outer base limits . We 're still looking at this and it 's hard to say whether they breached the perimeter or not . But they certainly got to the perimeter level at the very least . " He said 20-25 people led by suicide bombers made the attack . Most , if not all , of the attackers were wearing Iraqi military uniforms , Kirby said . The base is huge -- roughly the size of Boulder , Colorado , Kirby said . That city is nearly 25 square miles . And U.S. forces were "  several kilometers " away from where the fighting happened , the Pentagon said in a statement . Ayn al-Assad , the largest military base in western Anbar province still under government control , is where U.S. instructors train Iraqi pilots . Nearly 800 members of Iraqi security forces are training with coalition forces at the air base , the U.S. Central Command said . And while military officials say the U.S. forces were not directly threatened in the skirmish , Kirby acknowledged that "  no question that they 're close to danger . " The U.S. team there -- some 400 strong -- does n't feel immediately threatened , but do have the "  right , responsibility , obligation to shoot back " should militants threaten them , Kirby said . U.S. officials have repeatedly downplayed the possibility of renewed ground combat in Iraq after the expensive and divisive U.S. combat operation that drew to a close with the final withdrawal of troops in 2011 . But U.S. and coalition airstrikes do continue in the area . From Thursday into Friday , aircraft from the international coalition against ISIS carried out eight airstrikes in Syria and seven in Iraq , CENTCOM said . Five of the Iraq airstrikes targeted ISIS units and equipment near Ayn al-Assad . The other two attacked targets near Mosul and Sinjar . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the airstrikes killed at least 20 ISIS militants . One civilian died . CNN 's Phil Black , said that Kurdish Peshmerga fighters were starting to move from the north toward the city of Sinjar , held by ISIS since the summer . The militants ' seizure of the city provoked a major humanitarian crisis as its ethnic minority Yazidi population fled onto the rocky slopes of Mount Sinjar , where many became trapped without food and water . The Kurdish fighters are on the offensive but face a long , difficult battle to win back the city from ISIS , whose fighters are firmly in control there . On Thursday , ISIS attacked Peshmerga fighters in Sinjar , as well as Kurdish forces positioned north of Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , and the town of Ba ` shiqa , east of Mosul . As fighting on the ground continued , ISIS pressed forward with its propaganda campaign . The organization released photos purporting to show ISIS attacks on security checkpoints near Ramadi and posted video purporting to show them parading captured Peshmerga fighters through the streets in cages . ISIS claims the video was shot in the Kirkuk province of Iraq . ISIS offered up video showing them fixing roads in the al Nibai area , about 70 kilometers  43 miles  north of Baghdad . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the images . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Jamie Crawford , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Hamdi Alkhshali and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	U.S. helicopter gunships support Iraqi troops battling ISIS , military sources say It 's unclear whether militants got past the perimeter of the base housing U.S. forces , a Pentagon spokesman says
CNN  -- Dubai on Monday officially inaugurated the centerpiece of its decade-long construction boom , with the surprise revelation that the world-beating 168-story skyscraper -- seen by some as a symbol of the city 's economic excess -- was even bigger than previously thought . In a glitzy firework-lit ceremony , the city-state 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum unveiled a plaque commemorating the event and also announced that the $ 1.5 billion structure has a new name : the Burj Khalifa . Named after Khalifa Bin Zayed , the president of the United Arab Emirates -- and ruler of Abu Dhabi , which recently bailed out debt-ridden Dubai to the tune of $ 10 billion -- the tower was officially recorded as 828 meters tall , adding 10 meters on to previous height claims . Six years in the making , and now 319 meters higher than previous skyscraping record-holder Taipei 101 , Dubai 's newest edifice commands dizzying views of the ambitious building program that has transformed the emirate . The structure 's architects , Chicago-based Skidmore , Owings & Merrill , have called the Burj Khalifa "  a bold global icon that will serve as a model for future urban centers . " Declaring that "  tall buildings are back , " the company predicts that the groundbreaking techniques it used to push the Burj Khalifa to new heights should enable the construction of even taller towers in the future . iReport : Share your photos of the world 's tallest buildings "  As with any project , SOM 's architects and engineers learned a great deal and are ready to apply this to the next world 's tallest building as it is certainly possible to go taller , " it said . Despite such lofty claims , the Burj Khalifa -- and other construction projects including the Palm Jumeirah and World archipelagos of man-made islands built for the super-rich -- have cast a financial shadow over Dubai . Last year the emirate shocked investors by asking for a freeze on payments owed on its $ 26 billion in debts . The announcement by Dubai World -- an umbrella group which includes the Burj Khalifa 's developers -- delivered a cold dose of reality to speculators worldwide who believed the oil-rich region was impervious to the global financial crisis . Facts and figures : Why Dubai is looking up While predicted economic recovery are likely to help Dubai to shake off some of its debt woes , if not fully regain its boom-time ebullience , some say the city 's path of prestige over practicality will leave projects like the Burj Khalifa struggling to justify their place in the Gulf state 's skyline . "  Dubai does n't really need to have to build tall asides from prestige purposes , " Jim Krane , author of "  City of Gold : Dubai and the Dream of Capitalism " told CNN in a recent interview . "  If you look at it , it 's a really bad idea . It uses as much electricity as an entire city . And every time the toilet is flushed they 've got to pump water half a mile into the sky , " he said . The telescopic shape also presents problems of a more practical nature Krane says . "  The upper 30 or 40 floors are so tiny that they 're useless , so they ca n't use them for anything else apart from storage . They 've built a small , not so useful storage warehouse half a mile in the sky , " he said . CNN 's Barry Neild and Matt Knight contributed to this story .	Dubai on Monday officially opened the world 's largest tower , reaching half a mile into the sky Dubai wallowing in debt crisis and a second $ 10B bail-out loan from neighboring Abu Dhabi Critics see the Burj as a poorly designed throwback to financial boom times
CNN  -- China , South Korea and Japan dramatically cut their oil imports from Iran in February following intense US efforts to persuade Asian buyers to comply with Washington sanctions on Iran 's central bank . Asian countries are collectively the biggest buyers of Iranian crude oil , accounting for about 65 per cent of Tehran 's sales , but their responses to Washington 's sanctions campaign have been mixed . China and India have both resisted the US and EU sanctions on Iran , whereas Japan and Korea have broadly committed to follow the US lead . Pressure on China , South Korea and India to further reduce their imports of Iranian oil intensified this week when Hillary Clinton , US secretary of state , announced that Japan and ten European countries had qualified for exemptions from US penalties on institutions that deal with Iran 's central bank . These 11 countries had "  significantly reduced " the volume of crude they purchased from Iran , according to Mrs Clinton 's statement . Although China and South Korea were left off the exemption list , the trade data suggest that both countries are on track to qualify for exemptions in coming months , according to analysts . The drop in February imports comes after several Asian countries , including China and Japan , cut their imports of Iranian crude in January . China , the biggest buyer of Iranian crude , usually accounts for one-fifth of Iran 's crude exports but in February China 's purchases plummeted to 290,000 barrels a day , a 40 per cent drop from the previous year . South Korea 's imports of Iranian oil fell 16 per cent in February from the previous month to 5.9 m barrels , a slight increase from the same month a year earlier but below monthly averages in 2011 . South Korea 's monthly import data tends to be highly volatile . The value of Japan 's total imports from Iran fell 34 per cent in February from the previous year . Crude oil makes up the great majority of Japan 's imports from Iran , although Japan does not specifically disclose its oil purchases from Iran . Iran oil production has fallen to a 10-year low and could drop further as sanctions over its nuclear programme disrupt an industry already suffering from years of under-investment . Tehran produced 3.38 m b/d in February , according to the International Energy Agency , the lowest level since late 2002 . Despite China 's obvious drop in Iranian oil purchases , Beijing is officially firmly opposed to the US and European Union sanctions . "  The market perception is that the drop in crude imports from Iran is not a signal that China is following US/EU sanctions , but more related to pricing issues that were being worked out at the time , " said Soozhana Choi , head of Asia commodities research at Deutsche Bank . "  It is likely that we will see a rebound in Iranian oil supply to China in subsequent months . " According to a senior academic , China does not want to give the impression that it is caving in to US pressure . Li Weijian , a Middle East specialist at the Shanghai Institute for International Strategic Studies , said : "  The reason China cut imports from Iran is not because of the sanctions . We hope the US does n't see this as a result of their pressure and try to use this in future . " Nevertheless analysts say China 's cut in imports put it in line to receive a waiver from the US , similar to the one announced this week for Japan . South Korea is in ongoing talks with the US about cutting its oil purchases from Iran and receiving a waiver , but has not committed to a specific reduction target . India , which accounts for about 12 per cent of Iranian crude sales , has not yet disclosed its February purchases of Iranian crude . In January India 's imports of Iranian crude rose 19 per cent from the previous year . Before the threat of sanctions , Showa Shell Sekiyu was Japan 's largest importer of oil from Iran , with about 100,000 b/d from Iran . A spokesman said he could not disclose any details on the renewal of annual contracts with Iranian suppliers , but that Showa Shell would "  reduce import volumes , according to the agreement between the Japanese and the US government . " China 's two biggest importers of Iranian crude are Sinopec and Zhuhai Zhenrong , which are both state-owned . Sinopec could not be reached for comment . Zhuhai Zhenrong declined to comment . Ben McLannahan in Tokyo and Christian Oliver in Seoul and Javier Blas in London	Cut of oil imports come after US efforts to persuade Asian buyers to comply with Washington 's sanctions China and South Korea are likely to qualify for exemptions in the coming months Iran oil production has fallen to a 10-year low and could drop further
Health.com  -- Many radiologists rely on specialized computer software to pinpoint suspicious areas in routine mammograms . But in a large new study , the technology failed to improve breast cancer detection and also increased a woman 's risk of being told she had an abnormal mammogram when she was , in fact , cancer free . The study analyzed 1.6 million mammograms taken at 90 radiology facilities in seven states between 1998 and 2006 . The findings , which appear online in the "  Journal of the National Cancer Institute , " extend and confirm the results of a controversial 2007 study from the same research team that cast doubt on the value of the technology , known as computer-aided detection , or CAD . "  Women should probably understand that CAD is probably being used to interpret their mammogram and that it 's probably not helping detect breast cancer earlier , " says Joshua J. Fenton , M.D. , the lead author of both studies and an assistant professor of family and community medicine at the University of California at Davis School of Medicine , in Sacramento . Health.com : Simple things that could cut your breast cancer risk Routine annual mammograms are widely recommended for women 40 and older . The breast X-rays can detect cancer at an early stage , when it 's most treatable , but they are n't perfect ; they miss up to 20 % of breast cancers , according to the National Cancer Institute . Having two radiologists interpret a mammogram has been shown to improve the detection rate . In recent years , studies have found CAD software -- which scans mammogram images and highlights areas that may require a closer look -- to be just as effective in detecting cancers as a second pair of eyes . Vijay M. Rao , M.D. , chair of the radiology department at Jefferson Medical College , in Philadelphia , says that in light of the new evidence , radiologists should use more discretion in interpreting CAD results . "  Is it a legitimate pair of eyes ? Is it really doing the job that the radiologists want it to do ? " Health.com : Celebrities who battled breast cancer The Food and Drug Administration approved the first CAD software in 1998 , after a series of small clinical studies found that CAD could boost breast cancer detection without causing an unacceptable number of false-positives , cases in which doctors mistakenly identify benign abnormalities as cancerous . CAD is now used in roughly three of every four screening mammograms , according to a 2010 analysis of Medicare data published in the "  Journal of the American College of Radiology . " Medicare pays doctors an additional $ 12 per mammogram for CAD over and above the reimbursement for the mammogram itself , which ranges from about $ 80  for conventional film-screen mammograms  to $ 130  for newer digital mammograms  . In the new study , which included more than 680,000 women , the researchers examined film mammograms because too few digital mammograms were conducted during the study period to allow a thorough analysis .  Breast X-rays produced on film must be converted to digital images before they can be analyzed by the computer software . The detection rate for noninvasive breast abnormalities improved at radiology facilities that adopted CAD technology , but , crucially , the rate did not improve for invasive breast cancers , the dangerous type that invade healthy tissue in the breast or other parts of the body . Health.com : Understanding your breast cancer diagnosis Moreover , in facilities that began using CAD the percentage of women with abnormal mammograms who were accurately diagnosed  a measure known as "  positive predictive value "  dropped , from 4.3 % to 3.6 % . Rates of false-positives and "  recalls " -- being called back for further testing -- increased slightly after facilities implemented CAD . However , the biopsy rate declined over time regardless of whether CAD was used . In a similar study published in the "  New England Journal of Medicine " in 2007 , Fenton and his colleagues reported that CAD reduced the accuracy of mammograms and led to a higher rate of false-positives . Health.com : How to help a loved one cope with breast cancer The new investigation shared the same overall design , but the researchers addressed criticisms directed at the earlier study by including a larger number of CAD screens and by excluding mammograms interpreted in the first three months after a facility adopted CAD , when radiologists were becoming accustomed to using the technology . Despite these improvements , it 's still unclear from the new study whether individual radiologists used CAD correctly , or even whether they used it at all , says Carol H. Lee , M.D. , chair of the American College of Radiology 's Breast Imaging Commission , and a New York City-based breast-imaging specialist . "  It makes me think that we as a medical community need to further evaluate the use of CAD , " says Lee , who does not use CAD in her own practice . "  But I do n't know that just based on this study that we should abandon this technology . " Health.com : 25 breast cancer myths The Medical Imaging & Technology Alliance , an Arlington , Virginia,-based trade association that represents medical imaging developers and manufacturers , said in a prepared statement that other recent studies have demonstrated the benefits of CAD . Women should have access to the "  right scan at the right time , " the association said , whether it 's mammography with CAD or another imaging technique . In an editorial accompanying Fenton 's study , Donald A. Berry , Ph.D. , chair of the department of biostatistics at MD Anderson Cancer Center , in Houston , says economic incentives -- including the use of CAD as a defense in malpractice suits -- "  may stoke its continued proliferation . " Researchers and device companies should work to make the software better , but in an experimental setting and not while exposing millions of women to a technology that may do more harm than good , Berry writes . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	The study analyzed 1.6 million mammograms taken at 90 radiology facilities The new evidence suggests radiologists should use more discretion in interpreting results It 's still unclear from the new study whether individual radiologists used CAD correctly
CNN  -- Even if it 's not the land of opportunity it once was , the Big Mobility Scooter still has a lot going for it . In fact , there are at least 10 things by our count that you ca n't find as good anywhere else on earth . More : 10 things Italy does better than anywhere else With the caveat that China is on a trajectory to take over at least six of these categories by 2016 , we present them without further interruption . Except for this last interruption  interrupting also being something Americans are fantastic at  : Be sure to express your wholesale agreement with our list in the comments . 1 . Effusive greetings "  Ahoy ! " "  Aloha ! " "  Hey ! " "  Hola ! " "  Howdy ! " "  Hiya ! " "  Ho there ! " "  Well , look who it is ! " "  What 's happenin ' ?! " " ` Sup ! " "  Yo ! " "  Hello ! " The variety and vibrancy of the American greeting is unrivaled , upholding a threshold of friendliness that Americans demand , Europeans find onerous and others find perplexing . Want to slip through somewhere un-greeted ? Forget it . Whether you 're leaving a hotel , shopping for a pair of jeans or just trying to get around a bystander , someone 's going to pop out from the shadows with a neighborly salutation , the enthusiasm of which may border on deranged . More : Things Americans love/hate about returning to the U.S. 2 . Road trips If we 're talking about something that can be done while seated , Americans are probably going to excel at it . Germany likes to lay claim to the world 's first road trip , but having come of age at the same time as the automobile , the United States was custom-built for it . With roadside oddities like Carhenge in Nebraska and the world 's largest ball of paint in Indiana , along with infamous rest areas and national parks  more on those later  dotting America 's majestic roadscape at uniform intervals , you 're never far from the next adventure . Unless you 're driving through Texas . More : How to pretend you 're Canadian when you travel 3 . Derbies With all due respect to the English city , the U.S. is the home of the derby in all its forms , be it racing , smashing or haberdashing . Originating in the county fairs of the nation 's 1950s backwoods , demolition derbies , like the one held annually in Delaware County , New York , pit hulking early-model autos against one another in contests of Americanly excessive ramming until only one remains functional . On the oval track , Louisville 's Kentucky Derby is a spectacle of horseshoed pageantry , while roller derbies from Austin to Seattle are cataclysms of people-wheeled fury . More : Doh ! 20 biggest travel mistakes 4 . Beer Not to keep taking shots at Germany , but there 's only so much you can do with barley and hops . Live a little , Üter ! By contrast , American brewers are n't bound by purity restrictions on their craft , allowing them to push the pint glass with new additives , processes , styles and malt and hops strains moved through the largest number of breweries of any nation on earth . Whether it 's Portland , Oregon 's Hopworks , Grand Rapids , Michigan 's Founders , or Asheville , North Carolina 's Wicked Weed breweries , in no country is beer more innovative . More : 8 best beer towns in the U.S.A. 5 . Diversity The U.S. is a microcosm of nearly every world culture , climate , landscape and category of wildlife .  And whatever does n't occur naturally gets recreated at Disney . Beaches extend from Cape Cod to Kaanapali ; bayous encircle the Gulf of Mexico ; alpine mountains streak the Rockies and Appalachians ; rain forests span the Pacific Northwest ; deserts stretch across the Southwest . Cougars , wolves , bear , bison and mustangs roam plains and forests ; gators , crocs , whales , dolphins , turtles and snakes frequent the coasts ; condors , eagles , falcons , flamingos , bats and pterodactyls -- just making sure you 're still with us -- inhabit the skies . But of course the Melting Pot concept was built on ethnic diversity . Despite the politics of immigration , the U.S. has and will continue to welcome the world 's huddled  and also brilliant  masses , making it as heterogeneous as any nation on earth . 6 . Canyons Geo-diversity has pocked much of the landscape with vast gorges and canyons that create expansive pockets of pure emptiness ringed by the most stunning rock formations , vegetation and slack-jawed tourists imaginable . Unbelievable until experienced , Utah 's Bryce Canyon is the closest you can get to another planet without tickets on Virgin Galactic . Then there 's Black Canyon of the Gunnison  Colorado  , Palo Duro Canyon  Texas  , Canyon de Chelly  Arizona  , Sequioa and Kings Canyon  California  , Waimea Canyon  Hawaii  and hundreds more to round out a list so deep and wide that it makes the U.S. the hands-down winner in this category even without mentioning the Grandest one of them all . More : 13 scary-but-awesome viewing platforms 7 . National parks Overlooked during the westward expansion of the American frontier in the 1800s , Yellowstone was made the world 's first national park the way you might give the last kid picked for kickball the top spot in the order . Turns out it 's one of America 's great national treasures , a tradition extended to 400 more areas comprising more than 84 million acres of buttes , plateaus , rapids , coral reefs , caverns , badlands , volcanoes , glaciers , falls , fjords , swamplands , sandstone arches , mangroves , geysers , gift shops and excellent interpretive centers ranging from coast to coast . More : How to get U.S. 's most crowded natural wonders to yourself 8 . Eating Make all the fat jokes you want -- seriously , they 're hilarious -- but no other nation offers the portions and varieties of culinary experimentation found in the U.S. . This year 's gastronomic breakthrough was the cronut , a croissant-donut hybrid introduced by Dominique Ansel Bakery in New York City . It 's just the latest in a litany of extreme foods that 's yielded curated cupcakes , ramen burgers , sushirritoes , Korean tacos -- the only limit will be an eventual shortage of truffles . There 's nothing the home of super-sizing wo n't deep-fry , roll in bacon or drown with nacho cheese sauce , proving Americans eat like none other . Just do n't ask them to do math . More : 8 things you should know about your hotel pillow 9 . Sports Most countries have a national sport . The U.S. has four .  OK , three ; you can have hockey , Canada . While the world 's most popular sport , soccer , has yet to gain critical traction in the U.S. , it also has the burden of competing with the seasonal panoply of baseball , football , basketball and hockey . That 's tough enough without NASCAR , golf and action sports like extreme death gliding and low-orbit cloudboarding or whatever else is nipping at soccer 's heels . Some of the best places to catch a game in the U.S. are Wrigley Field  Chicago  and Fenway Park  Boston  for baseball ; Tiger Stadium  Baton Rouge , Louisiana  and Lambeau Field  Green Bay , Wisconsin  for football ; and Cameron Indoor Stadium  Durham , North Carolina  and Rupp Arena  Lexington , Kentucky  for college basketball . More : 101 best sports bars in the U.S. 10 . Moving pictures From internationally beloved TV shows like Breaking Bad and The Daily Show to movies like Avatar and anything the Coen brothers do to viral videos like Harlem Shake and the Kardashian sex tape , America is the world 's dramatic chipmunk . Coming in October : 10 things India does better than anywhere else	The variety and vibrancy of the American greeting is unrivaled If something can be done while seated , Americans are probably going to excel at it This year 's gastronomic triumph was the cronut , introduced in New York City Granted , China is on pace to eclipse at least half of the superlatives on this list by 2016
Madrid  CNN  -- In Spain 's deep economic crisis , the lucky ones could hardly believe their good fortune on Saturday -- holding a $ 26 share of a winning lottery ticket pays out a return of $ 528,000 . The country 's annual Christmas lottery pays out this year $ 2.2 billion to thousands of winners , but those holding the winning number for the top prize -- 76058 -- for El Gordo , or "  the fat one , " reaped the biggest rewards , according to Spain 's state-run lottery . The first prize paid $ 950 million overall , or 43 percent of the total prizes , and most of "  El Gordo " was won by some residents of the historic university town of Alcala de Henares , just east of Madrid , the lottery administration said . There , in a working class neighborhood with public housing and many immigrants , Spanish media reported that champagne bottles were popping at the lottery office that sold many of the winning tickets . Spaniards typically buy a share of a ticket , among friends or family , at the local bar or workplace , so the joy was spread around . Is praying for a lottery win frowned upon ? Depends on who you ask A man in Alcala de Henares bought 10 shares -- an amount known as a "  full ticket , " and now worth $ 5.2 million -- and had given them away other family members . One recipient , the father of a young child , said he would try to buy a decent home and a car . Another winner was a cafe owner who said he 'd still probably open for business on Monday , after going to collect his earnings at the bank , Spanish media reported . The second biggest prize mostly went to residents in the town of Aranda de Duero , north of Madrid . Numerous towns across the nation also got a piece of the action , and some portions of the top El Gordo prize were sold in 15 Spanish provinces . But Spain 's recession and the unemployment rate that tops 25 % clearly had an impact on the lottery intake this year . Spaniards spent 8 % less on lottery tickets this year than last , with the average Spaniard laying out only $ 68 for lottery ticket shares , down from $ 73 last year , the lottery administration said . The biggest winner is the state , which keeps $ 976 million , or 30 % of the entire lottery intake , which reached $ 3.2 billion this year . The remaining 70 % was distributed for prizes . This was the last year that Christmas lottery winnings over $ 3,300 will be tax free . Next year , anyone winning $ 3,300 or more will see their good fortune taxed at 20 percent , making the cash-strapped Spanish government even a bigger winner . Clock ticks on unclaimed Â # 64 million lottery ticket	Spain 's annual Christmas lottery paid our $ 2.2 billion to thousands of winners The biggest prize -- El Gordo -- was won by residents in Alcala de Henares The lottery intake was $ 3.2 billion , but the government keeps 30 % Spaniards spent less on lottery tickets this year
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have bolstered their search for a missing U.S. citizen and the government rejects assertions that security forces are n't doing enough to find him , the foreign ministry said Friday . David Michael Hartley has been missing since a reported pirate attack September 30 on a lake bisected by the U.S.-Mexico border . Hartley 's wife , Tiffany , told authorities her husband was shot and killed by pirates on Falcon Lake during a sightseeing trip . His body has yet to be found , leading to questions about the accuracy of her statements . The ministry said the federal attorney general 's office opened an investigation based on testimony Tiffany Hartley gave to Mexican authorities at the consulate in McAllen , Texas . The government also has been in close touch with several U.S. authorities . "  The search and rescue for Mr. Hartley started the day of the incident , and intensified this week with additional officers from the Army , the Federal Police , and from state and municipal forces , which cover the area where the incident reportedly took place , " the ministry said . On Thursday , Tiffany Hartley said she might take a lie detector test if people continue to doubt the veracity of her account . If "  that 's what the authorities think I need to do , then that might be an option , " she said when asked on CNN 's "  AC 360 " about taking a lie detector test . Hartley was on several CNN shows Thursday recounting what happened last week on Falcon Lake . She also talked about her feelings about people doubting her account of the alleged attack . Hartley said on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that "  I know what I know . " "  It 's hard being judged and thought of that I might have done something to him , " she said . But she added , "  As long as I know the truth , God knows the truth . And other than that , it almost does n't really matter to me , because I know what happened that day . " Mexican authorities said earlier this week that they could not verify the shooting , and Hartley was asked point-blank on NBC 's "  Today " show Wednesday whether she had anything to do with her husband 's disappearance . Pam Hartley , David Hartley 's mother , said Tuesday that any suggestion that her daughter-in-law 's account was inaccurate is "  insane . " Investigators have found some evidence that backs up Hartley 's account , including blood on her life vest , Zapata County Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez Jr. said Thursday . And the incident was similar to other attacks reported by boaters on Falcon Lake , about 70 miles west of the Hartley 's home in McAllen . Gonzalez has said the gunmen are typically teenagers hired by a drug cartel in the neighboring Mexican state of Tamaulipas . Mexican authorities have said the lake is controlled on their side by "  organized criminals , " and the sheriff called on the Zeta cartel to turn over Hartley 's remains if they have them . "  We just want a body , " he said . Tiffany Hartley said she believes the attackers took her 30-year-old husband 's body after he was shot in the head and fell off the personal watercraft he was riding . She said she suspects her husband 's remains are more likely to have been dragged onto land than to have been left in the lake . "  We do believe if they would just go ahead and give us David 's body back , it would be done . It would be concluded . We could go on with our lives , " she said . Authorities from both nations are conducting separate searches and are coordinating and holding regular meetings , State Department spokeswoman Virginia Staab said . But because the alleged crime happened on the Mexican side of the border , the United States can not prosecute or make arrests in the case , the sheriff said . Tiffany Hartley , 29 , told HLN that the couple set out across the lake on personal watercraft for a sightseeing trip to Guerrero Viejo , a half-submerged ghost town on the Mexican side of the lake . Though there had been warnings about previous robberies on the lake , she said they had heard of no problems for several months , "  So we figured everything had kind of calmed down . " Instead , she said , they were pursued by men in three boats as they left the site 's historic church . At first , "  they just waved at us like we were friendly , a very friendly wave , " she said . But then , as the couple passed , she said they began chasing them and firing shots . David Hartley was shot in the head and fell off his personal watercraft , and he was unresponsive when she turned back to try to retrieve him , his wife said . While she was trying to haul him onto her craft , their attackers pulled up alongside , she said . "  They did n't say anything to me , so I do n't know what they were trying to do ... but they left , " she said . "  They just left me there . Thankfully they did n't shoot at me . They had a gun pointed at me . " Unable to pull her husband 's body out of the water , Hartley headed back across the lake to U.S. waters . She said the gunmen fired "  a few more " times on her way back . "  Once I started to get going , I just went as fast as I could and did n't look back until I could n't see them anymore , " she said . Rolando Flores , lead investigator for the Tamaulipas state police , described the area as "  a conflict zone . " The state has made headlines recently as a hotbed for drug cartel violence , and there have been at least four cases of gunmen in Mexican waters robbing or threatening boaters on Falcon Lake since April , according to the Texas Department of Public Safety . David Hartley worked for an oil company in Reynosa , Mexico , and the couple had lived on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande before moving back to the United States earlier this year , family friends said . His aunt , Alice Harrod , told HLN 's "  Prime News " the family had concerns about their safety in the area , "  and we were all thrilled to hear that they were moving back to Colorado , " where they grew up . "  We 're all very devastated . It 's hard to even believe something like this could happen . We 're hanging in there , but it 's very , very difficult for the whole family , " Harrod said . According to Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , 60 Mexican personnel , three boats and a helicopter have taken part in the search . Investigators resumed their work Thursday despite threats to their lives , and Cuellar suggested that the Mexican navy might need to be called in to help . Despite the dangers on the Mexican side of the lake , Texas officials on Thursday said that the U.S. side of the body of water remains safe . "  It is just as safe now as any other time . However , there is a threat , " said Rep. Ruben Hinojosa , D-Texas . CNN 's Justine Redman , Nick Valencia , Dave Alsup and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico says it has ramped up the search Wife , her story questioned , tells HLN , "  I know what I know " Sheriff calls on drug cartels to turn over the body Tiffany Hartley said men in motorboats shot her husband
CNN  -- David Beckham suffered an Achilles tendon injury before Clarence Seedorf scored in the final minute to give AC Milan a 1-0 win over Chievo on Sunday , a result that moved them to within a point of leaders Inter at the top of Serie A. Veteran England midfielder Beckham hobbled off the pitch in tears , reaching down to nurse his left heel , with TV network Sky Sports Italia reporting that he had suffered a suspected ruptured Achilles tendon injury . If that proves to be the prognosis , it would leave Beckham 's hopes of appearing for England at this summer 's World Cup finals in tatters . One sports physician has said Beckham has no chance of playing in the World Cup in South Africa , according to the Press Association . "  It 's remotely possible he may be running in three months , " said Dr Tom Crisp . "  The chances of him being fit to play for England are non-existent . " Beckham 's injury soured Milan 's eventual win , achieved with just 10 men as all three substitutes had already been deployed before the former Manchester United midfielder was forced to limp off . One of those substitutes , Seedorf , was to score the only goal of the game , firing home a superb long-distance strike . "  This was an important victory , but this injury prevents us from really enjoying it . It 's an important injury and we need to be able to judge how serious it is , " Milan coach Leonardo told Sky Sports Italia . The win means Milan move to within a single point of leaders and city rivals Inter at the top of the table . Elsewhere , Juventus managed to waste a three-goal advantage , with all their goals coming in the opening 10 minutes , to draw 3-3 at home to Siena . Alessandro del Piero netted two of Juve 's goals , but Abdel Kader Ghezzal also hit a double for the visitors to leave Juventus coach Alberto Zaccheroni stunned . Roma remain in third position , six points behind Inter , after they were also held to a 3-3 draw , this time at struggling Livorno -- for whom Cristiano Lucarelli scored a hat-trick . A dramatic weekend in Serie A began on Friday night when leaders Inter had Sulley Muntari sent off in a shock 3-1 defeat at Catania .	Clarence Seedorf scored a last minute goal to give Milan 1-0 win over Chievo The result sees Milan close to within one point of Inter at the top of Serie A table . David Beckham is substituted with an Achilles injury leaving his World Cup in doubt
Casey Kasem , who entertained radio listeners for almost four decades as the host of countdown shows such as "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " died early Sunday , according to a Facebook post from his daughter Kerri Kasem . The news was confirmed by Casey 's Kasem 's agent , Don Pitts . Casey Kasem was 82 and had been hospitalized in Washington state for two weeks . "  Early this Father 's Day morning , our dad Casey Kasem passed away surrounded by family and friends , " Kasem 's children -- Kerri , Mike and Julie -- wrote in a statement released by Kasem 's representative , Danny Deraney . "  Even though we know he is in a better place and no longer suffering , we are heartbroken ... The world will miss Casey Kasem , an incredible talent and humanitarian ; we will miss our Dad . " Kasem 's longtime friend , Gonzalo Venecia , and his younger brother , Mouner Kasem , were also with him when he died at St. Anthony 's Hospital in Gig Harbor , Washington , at 3:25 a.m. Sunday , a family member said . Casey Kasem had been suffering from Lewy body disease , the most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer 's . He had recently been the subject of a bitter court battle involving three of his children by a previous marriage and his wife , Jean . His oldest children , who challenged their stepmother for control of Kasem 's medical decisions in his last months , are not fighting his wife for possession of his remains , a family member told CNN Sunday . Daughter Julie Kasem will host a memorial celebration at her Northridge , California , home on Saturday , June 21 , the family member said . No other funeral arrangements were yet known . No autopsy is expected since Kasem died under a doctor 's care in a hospital . The immediate cause of death was from sepsis caused by an ulcerated bedsore , the family member said . Casey Kasem 's family feud In May , a California judge awarded Kerri Kasem temporary power of attorney after Jean Kasem took her husband out of a nursing home and moved him to Washington amid family feuding . A Washington judge later allowed Kerri to visit her father in that state . Casey Kasem was hospitalized after an argument between Jean and Kerri in which his wife threw meat at her stepdaughter . Last week , a Los Angeles County judge gave daughter Kerri Kasem the authority to have doctors end his infusions of water , food and medicine . Kasem was already a popular disc jockey in Los Angeles when he became the host of "  American Top 40 " in 1970 . The syndicated show , which counted down the 40 most popular songs in the United States based on Billboard magazine 's Hot 100 music chart , began on just seven radio stations but quickly became a mainstay of thousands , all around the world . "  When we first went on the air , I thought we would be around for at least 20 years . I knew the formula worked . I knew people tuned in to find out what the No. 1 record was , " he told Variety in 1989 . Kasem 's first No. 1 , concluding the "  AT40 " premiere show of July 4 , 1970 , was Three Dog Night 's "  Mama Told Me  Not to Come  . " His last on successor show "  American Top 20 , " almost exactly 39 years later , was "  Second Chance " by Shinedown . But the show was n't just about finding out who was No. 1 . Its features , included biographical details on performs , flashbacks , album cuts and Kasem 's "  long-distance dedication " for listeners who wrote to dedicate songs to friends and loved ones far away . Kasem , whose baritone was always friendly and upbeat , delivered these in his most sympathetic voice , warm enough to melt butter . "  Dear Casey , " he began , and would read an emotional letter from a listener who wanted to connect with an old flame , express regret to a new love or send wishes to a far-flung family member . The first one , for example , was from a male listener who wanted to dedicate Neil Diamond 's "  Desiree " to a sweetheart named Desiree who was moving to Germany . The show , originally three hours , expanded to four in the late '70s . Tributes : ` Keep reaching for the stars ' In many ways , even as Top 40 radio moved from the AM to the FM dial and took on the name "  Contemporary Hit Radio , " "  American Top 40 " remained a throwback to the way the format was in the 1960s , with frequent number jingles  "  Number 29 ! "  and a fast-moving mix , though Kasem , in temperament , practically defined the laid-back hosts of the Me Decade .  The exception to the laid-back rule was a much-copied outtake , now readily available on the Internet , of Kasem exploding in anger over a long-distance dedication that succeeded an up-tempo record . The show inspired several imitators , including a television version , "  America 's Top 10 , " hosted by Kasem himself . Kasem left "  American Top 40 " in 1988 over a contract dispute with ABC Radio Networks and signed with competitor Westwood One , for whom he started a show called "  Casey 's Top 40 " in 1989 . The new show used a different publication 's chart , but it was the same old Casey : smooth , cheerful , full of information . "  The magic of Casey is that he is the ultimate professional in whatever he does . ... He enlightens , he explores , he suggests , he provokes and he informs , " fellow DJ Gary Owens told Billboard in 1997 . Kasem acquired the name "  American Top 40 " and in 1998 resumed hosting the program with a new syndicator .  The ABC show , with Shadoe Stevens replacing Kasem , had been canceled in 1995 .  He handed off to Ryan Seacrest in 2004 , though he continued with two other shows , "  American Top 20 " and "  American Top 10 , " until signing off in 2009 -- as always with his trademark line , "  Keep your feet on the ground , and keep reaching for the stars . " Kemal Amin Kasem was born in Detroit in 1932 . He first tried radio while in high school but found he had a talent for it while serving in Korea with the Army . He was a DJ on the Armed Forces Radio Network . Kasem 's global reach : Long-distance dedications After stops in several cities , including Flint , Michigan ; Buffalo , New York ; and San Francisco , he joined KRLA in Los Angeles in 1963 , partly in hopes of an acting career . He did earn roles in a number of low-budget movies -- the most famous of which was probably "  The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant "  1971  -- but his voice was always his ticket to fame , whether appearing on a Dick Clark-produced TV show , "  Shebang , " or voicing the character of Shaggy on the cartoon "  Scooby-Doo , " which premiered in 1969 .  He also was the voice of Robin on "  Super Friends . " That voice became ubiquitous . He was NBC 's promotional announcer in the late '70s and early '80s , and heard on dozens of commercials . But "  American Top 40 " remains his legacy . "  Kasem started the show in 1970 , a curious time to start a show about Top 40 mainstream pop , because the format had just been pronounced dead and progressive album-oriented radio was on the rise , " wrote Susan Orlean in a 1990 New York Times Magazine profile . "  He infused the show with corny reverence for conventional American values exactly when cynicism had become the more fashionable posture . " Kasem attributed his success to that everyday voice . "  It 's not a clear-toned announcer 's voice , " he told the Times . "  It 's more like the voice of the guy next door . " Kasem is survived by his second wife , Jean , whom he married in 1985 ; and four children . All-time great DJs People we 've lost in 2014	Casey Kasem had a progressive dementia , had been hospitalized for weeks He began "  American Top 40 " in 1970 , was known for his friendly baritone voice He was born Kemal Amin Kasem and became a DJ while in the Army ` We are heartbroken , " Kasem 's daughter says in announcing his death Sunday
Cairo  CNN  -- Large-scale anti-government protests and more violence unfolded across Syria Friday as tens of thousands of demonstrators converged on public squares to protest President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . The protests coincided with reports of increased violence against demonstrators by al-Assad 's security forces , even as an Arab League fact-finding mission works to determine whether the Syrian government is abiding by a peace agreement to end a brutal crackdown on protesters . As they have in their nearly 10 months of resistance , Syrian activists and opposition groups used Facebook , Twitter and YouTube to urge thousands to evade al-Assad 's forces and defy government-imposed curfews . "  Today we will go out to the squares not to show the Arab League something , but we will go out because we have rights , " Saleh Al-Hamwi , a spokesman for the Syrian Revolution General Council in Hama said in a video statement posted on YouTube . "  And we will go after these rights . " The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition network that claims to have people in various locations in Syria , said 35 people were killed . Deaths occurred in Idlib city , Daraa , Hama , Homs city , the Homs province town of Tal Kalakh near Lebanon , the Damascus suburbs and Abu Kamal in the east . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group with contacts throughout the country , said that security forces attempting to prevent tens of thousands of protesters from reaching a square in Idlib city shot and wounded 25 protesters . The observatory said demonstrators turned out in Idlib province towns as well . It also said security forces fired their weapons at demonstrators in Daraa , in the south , and Deir Ezzor , in the east . CNN can not independently verify opposition accounts of violence or reports of deaths and injuries in Syria . Al-Assad 's government has restricted access by international journalists . The LCC said there were 382 demonstrations across the country , including a sit-in that drew tens of thousands in front of Arab League observers in Douma , outside Damascus . The opposition group said more than 30,000 demonstrators in the Idlib province town of Saraqeb chanted to topple the regime , and the military fired shots to disperse protesters . An Arab League observer mission also visited the Damascus suburb of Harasta on Friday , the LCC said . State-run Syrian TV reported a pro-regime demonstration in Homs in support of the Arab League protocol , an effort criticized as pointless by many opposition members . The Syrian government said Friday , via the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency , that Arab League observers visited Douma , portions of Damascus , various neighborhoods in Homs , which opposition groups say has been under siege by Syrian forces . The Facebook page for the Syrian Revolution General Council , an umbrella organization for opposition groups , is one of the most prominent outlets for the uprising -- with over 330,000 followers who share news , videos , information and ideas online . Opposition groups have dubbed the rallies "  The Crawl to Freedom Square , " encouraging protesters to defy what they say are sniper attacks by Syrian forces and crawl to central public squares rather than remain in small protest groups in local neighborhoods . The reports of violence prompted Britain 's Foreign Office on Friday to say it welcomed news that the Arab League planned to increase the number of observers in Syria . An Arab League official has told CNN that 75 monitors are currently in Syria with more expected to arrive in coming days . "  Unfortunately , reports show that the violence has continued in Syria over the past few days . I urge the Syrian government to meet fully its obligations to the Arab League , including immediately ending the repression and withdrawing security forces from cities , " Alistair Burt , the Foreign Office 's minister for the Middle East and North Africa , said in a statement . "  The Syrian government must allow the Arab League mission independent and unrestricted access to all areas of Syria and to the Syrian people . " A human rights advocate in Beirut , who is talking to people on the ground in Syria , said it appears the monitors have seen violence and are making headway gathering information . "  It does seem they are getting access to people and are getting in to see the reality on the ground , " the source said . The Arab League has suspended Syria 's membership over its crackdown , and al-Assad has been under enormous international pressure to end the violence . Earlier this month , al-Assad agreed to a peace initiative with the Arab League that calls for security forces to withdraw from cities , release detainees and end violence . Part of the agreement calls for Arab League observers to monitor whether the government abides by the initiative . More than 5,000 people have died since mid-March , when al-Assad began the crackdown on anti-government protesters calling for his ouster , the United Nations said this month . But opposition groups put the toll at more than 6,000 . The uprising has spawned both the creation of the Free Syrian Army , a rebel force composed of military defectors , and efforts to create a breakaway government . Other opposition groups , most notably the Syrian National Council , have emerged . Mohamed Hamado , an FSA lieutenant colonel , said the army has been ordered to halt operations since the start of the Arab League monitoring mission . "  We are still being attacked by the Syrian forces , so the nature of our operations is defensive at this stage , " he said . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Yousuf Basil , Joe Sterling and Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition group says 382 protests held across Syria At least 35 deaths are reported across the country The Free Syrian Army says it is only conducting defensive operations for now Thousands of demonstrators take to the streets
CNN  -- Manchester United 's record signing Juan Mata made a winning start to his Old Trafford career on a night when Arsenal 's Premier League ambitions encountered a setback . The Spaniard played 85 minutes of United 's 2-0 victory over Cardiff City before being substituted to a standing ovation following a promising debut . "  It was a very special day for me . My first game -- my debut -- with a victory . It was perfect . I enjoyed it a lot , " Mata told Manchester United 's in-house media company MUTV . "  What I love most is to play . So these minutes -LSB- on the pitch -RSB- are very important . Now I 'm going to train and I 'm looking forward to playing at the weekend and trying to do my best for the team . " Signed for a club record $ 61 million , Mata -- who trained with his new team-mates for the first time on Monday following his move from Chelsea -- had a hand in United 's opening goal . It came as he swept a diagonal ball out to Ashley Young , whose cross was eventually turned in by Robin van Persie after Antonio Valencia 's header hit the crossbar . The Dutchman had needed just six minutes to score after making his first start since December 10 following a thigh problem . Young doubled the lead in the second half as United ensured that the return of 1999 Champions League winning legend Ole Gunnar Solskjaer , now in charge of Cardiff , to Old Trafford was not a happy one . United 's victory enabled them to close the gap on sixth-placed Everton , who were thumped 4-0 by city rivals Liverpool as Daniel Sturridge  2  , Luis Suarez and Steven Gerrard gave the home fans a night to remember . The misery for Blues boss Roberto Martinez was compounded when Romelu Lukaku was forced off the field on a stretcher after a worrying injury to his ankle . Dropped Points Another manager who may be feeling a little unease is Arsene Wenger , whose Arsenal side lost two potentially crucial points at Southampton in a 2-2 draw . The Gunners ' coach was held up in traffic ahead of the game and the team also struggled to go through the gears , trailing 1-0 at halftime following a lackluster 45 minutes . Goals from Olivier Giroud and Santi Cazorla turned the game on its head , but Adam Lallana replied for the hosts to ensure that the match finished 2-2 . Arsenal still lead the Premier League but the draw means second-placed Manchester City can climb above them should Manuel Pellegrini 's free-scoring side win at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday . Chelsea can also climb above Arsenal on Wednesday , should Jose Mourinho 's side beat West Ham at home by more than two goals . In Tuesday 's other games , Swansea and Crystal Palace recorded much-needed wins -- at home to Fulham  2-0  and Hull  1-0  respectively -- while Norwich hosted Newcastle in a goalless encounter that featured a red card apiece for both sides .	Record signing Juan Mata makes Man Utd debut and departs to standing ovation United beat Cardiff City 2-0 as Van Persie marks return from injury with early goal Arsenal stumble at Southampton to allow Man City the chance to go top of the Premier League Liverpool thrash Everton 4-0 thanks to goals from Sturridge  2  , Suarez and Gerrard
Marc Marquez continued to redefine sporting perfection after the Spaniard won the German MotoGP -- his ninth successive victory of the season . Remarkably Marquez won the race from the pit lane , racing through the pack and going past early leader Stefan Bradl with 24 laps left to finish ahead of Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa , with Yamaha 's Jorge Lorenzo in third . One of 14 riders that chose slick tires at the last minute after the warm up lap , Marquez had to start from the pit lane , meaning he had to wait until the bikes on the grid and on dry tires had motored past . "  It was tough and when I saw Bradl changing tires at the beginning . I thought that was the right choice because there was only one corner that was completely wet , " said defending champion Marquez . "  Everyone went in  to change tires  including my main rivals -- Dani  Pedrosa  and Valentino  Rossi  . "  When I saw them go in , I followed but it worked out OK , " added the Spaniard Marquez has now won a perfect 225 points this season , 77 points ahead of compatriot Pedrosa , with Italian Valentino Rossi in third , 84 points adrift . Rossi finished Sunday 's race in fourth .	Marc Marquez dominates German MotoGP to win ninth successive race of the season Dani Pedrosa finishes second , with Jorge Lorenzo in third Marquez has now won a perfect 225 points this season Spaniard is 77 points ahead of compatriot Pedrosa
CNN  -- Beth Holloway , the mother of long-missing Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , opposes a court petition to declare the her dead , an attorney said Thursday . The petition was filed in June by Dave Holloway , Beth Holloway 's ex-husband . It will be heard in a Jefferson County , Alabama , probate court on Friday . Natalee Holloway was 18 and had just graduated high school in the Birmingham , Alabama , suburb of Mountain Brook when she disappeared on a celebratory trip with classmates to Aruba in 2005 . "  Beth intends to oppose Dave 's inexplicable effort to have Natalee declared dead , " attorney John Q. Kelly said in a statement . "  Beth gave birth to and raised Natalee , and will always hope and pray for Natalee 's safe return . " Last week , Dave Holloway 's attorney said he filed the petition because he "  is seeking closure for his family . " "  This is a normal proceeding for families when a loved one has been missing for an extended period of time , " attorney Karen Hennecy said in a statement . "  Alabama law requires a waiting period of five years when a body has not recovered and no death certificate has been issued . " "  If Dave seeks closure on such a personal and sensitive matter , it should be respected , but not imposed upon Beth in such an adversarial and public manner , " Kelly said Thursday . Beth Holloway said in a statement last week , issued through her Natalee Holloway Resource Center , which aids families of missing persons , that she learned about the filing when she was handed documents by a process server while addressing a conference in Georgia . Natalee Holloway 's disappearance remains unsolved . A suspect , Joran van der Sloot , was arrested but never charged in connection with the disappearance . He was indicted on federal extortion charges last year after prosecutors accused him of offering to sell information about the location of Holloway 's remains in exchange for $ 250,000 . Van der Sloot is awaiting trial on murder charges in Peru in the death of a woman whose body was found in his hotel room last year . If convicted , prosecutors have said , he faces a 30-year prison term . -- CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Her attorney says Beth Holloway finds the petition "  inexplicable " Beth Holloway "  will always hope and pray for Natalee 's safe return " The petition will be heard in an Alabama court on Friday
New York  CNN  -- Federal investigators have joined local and state law enforcement in an effort to track down and prosecute Ann Pettway , who is suspected in the 1987 abduction of Carlina Renae White , according to a law enforcement source . A warrant was issued Friday in North Carolina for the arrest of Pettway , for violating her two-year probation sentence on attempted embezzlement charges , according to North Carolina Department of Corrections spokeswoman Pamela Walker . "  As part of her probation she must seek permission to leave the state of North Carolina , " Walker said . "  At this time no such request has been made . " That said , if she is arrested , Pettway would be prosecuted at the federal level for allegedly kidnapping White , then an infant . White 's mother said she never gave up hope that she would be reunited with her daughter , who had been missing for 23 years . "  I just always believed that she would find me , " Joy White told the New York Post this week after seeing her daughter for the first time since she was just 19 days old . White last saw her daughter on August 4 , 1987 , when she took her to a Harlem hospital because the baby had an extremely high fever , a New York police official said . Carlina was admitted to the hospital , and White went home to rest . When the mother returned , Carlina was gone . "  That was a big part of my heart that just was ripped apart , " Carlina White 's biological father , Carl Tyson , told the Post of his daughter 's disappearance . Carlina White has told the Post that the woman who raised her is Pettway , who she said was pregnant in 1987 , but lost her baby . "  Nobody knew because she was pregnant and came back with me , " White said . "  She had something set up . " But White , who was raised under a different name , had nursed a nagging feeling that she was brought up by a family she did not belong to , said Ernie Allen of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . And her suspicions grew stronger after the woman who raised her could not provide her with a birth certificate . White said she wondered : "  Where did you get me from ? " "  I just started typing in Yahoo and Google different articles -- anything that pulled up in 1987 with any child that went missing -- and I came across the article , and the baby picture just struck me because ... it looked like my daughter , " White , now the mother of a 5-year-old girl , told the Post . "  I swear I stayed on that article for like a good two hours . " On January 4 , Joy White 's phone rang . The woman on the other end of the line said she was Carlina , and she sent White a picture taken in 1987 . The face in the photograph bore a striking resemblance to that of the baby in the tattered picture White had held on to . Police also agreed that the photographs looked alike and carried out a DNA test . On Tuesday , the results came back : They were a match . Lisa White-Heatley , Joy White 's sister , was at the reunion between Carlina and her mother . "  It was a beautiful experience , " she said Friday on NBC 's "  Today " show . "  Her face -- she looked just like herself . I just grabbed her . I was so happy to see her . And then my sister started to cry and Carlina said , ` Mommy , do n't cry . ' " Regina Tyson , the sister of Carlina White 's biological father , described her niece 's relationship with her family as "  immediate closeness . " "  This was always what I wanted ever since I found out that lady was n't my biological mother , " Carlina White told the Post of her newly reunited family . "  I just hope that the officials will be able to get her in their hands so we could just hear her side of the story now . " Her biological family , meanwhile , says they want justice . "  I want her to go to jail ... for what she did and what she did to my family , " White-Heatley said of whoever abducted her niece . "  She destroyed my family . " CNN 's Ronni Berke contributed to this report .	NEW : North Carolina authorities have issued a warrant to arrest Ann Pettway Pettway is serving a two-year probation on attempted embezzlement charges If arrested , Pettway would be prosecuted at the federal level
CNN  -- For the second time in less than a week European football is facing up to allegations of match fixing . Estonian authorities announced on Monday 11 men have been charged with fixing 17 matches , including three matches in Europe 's second-tier Europa League competition to the tune of 108,000 euros  $ 146,730  . The Estonian Prosecutor 's Office said two of the country 's clubs , Narva Trans and Tallinna Kalev , purposefully recruited players who were open to manipulating matches . Of the 11 men charged , eight are players for Narva Trans or Tallinna Kalev , CNN was told by the prosecutor 's office . The two teams are accused of looking for players from Estonia , Lithuania and Ukraine who were receptive to fixing aspects of matches in exchange for money . The news comes days after two men in Britain were charged with "  conspiracy to defraud bookmakers by influencing the course of football matches and placing bets thereon . " The three Europa League matches all involved Narva Trans and took place between June 2011 and July 2012 . In addition to those three matches , the men are charged with manipulating 12 Estonian League fixtures , one Estonian Cup game and one match in Lithuania . All 17 of the matches took place between July 2011 and July 2012 .	11 men charged with fixing football matches in Estonia Charged with manipulating 17 matches , including three in the Europa League Estonian football clubs Narva Trans and Tallina Kalev named by the prosecutor Of the men arrested , eight are players for the two clubs
CNN  -- A new teaser trailer for "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 " reveals important details about the setting and gameplay options for the latest title in the blockbuster "  Call of Duty " series . The clip was posted online Tuesday night and has already attracted 1.4 million views on YouTube . It features a near-future scenario in which the U.S. military has developed technology that puts unmanned vehicles and robots on the front lines of battle . An enemy gains access to that technology and turns it against cities all over the world . Developed by Treyarch and published by Activision , "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 " will be released November 18 . Its predecessor , 2010 's "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " is the best-selling video game ever in the United States , according to some estimates . Mark Lamia , Treyarch studio head , said his developers did a lot of research to set the game in a plausible future . He said for its single-player campaign , the game will feature multiple plotlines and nonlinear gameplay in which a player 's actions affect how the story unfolds . Gameplay in the video shows a bombed-out Los Angeles , urban combat through city streets and ... horseback chases through the desert . It appears to mix futuristic , sci-fi themes with present-day elements . Lamia also confirmed that zombies are returning to the game . "  Our biggest , most ambitious zombies ever , " he said . He would not reveal anything about the game 's multiplayer action . Lamia said more information on that will be released later . The futuristic tone of the game seemed to polarize fans on the Internet . Some joked about whether Treyarch was making Anonymous , the real-life hacker group dedicated to promoting free flow of information , the game 's main villain . Twitter user @killyourfm said , "  You know what ? I 'm BURNT OUT on shooters , especially Call of Duty . But that trailer got me very interested . Futuristic toys . Horses . Cool . " However , "  Call of Duty Elite " forum user Oneqwkford laments , "  This looks stupid ! If I wanted to play a Si-fi game I would play Gears of War or Halo ! I always get Very excited for a new CoD game but this one looks very Disappointing . I will not be buying this one ! " Many other gamers said they were waiting for more details on "  Black Ops 2 's " multiplayer action before making a decision about purchasing the game .	A new teaser trailer for "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 " was posted online Tuesday night The game is set in a near future in which technology is pitted against humans The futuristic tone of the game seemed to polarize fans on the Internet The latest title in the blockbuster "  Call of Duty " series comes out November 18
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Halle Berry and the father of her daughter settled their differences in family court Thursday , a week after a driveway brawl with Berry 's fiancÃ © landed the dad in jail . "  From all counsel , the parties have reached an amicable agreement . There will be no further statements regarding this matter , " said a printed statement shown to reporters by Berry attorney Blair Berk . The agreement ended a private session at a Los Angeles County courthouse among Berk , ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry and his lawyer , Shawn Holley , Thursday afternoon . The actress did not attend . While the lawyers would not elaborate on what the agreement covers , the fiancÃ © , Olivier Martinez , and Aubry , have each taken legal action against the other after the Thanksgiving Day scuffle at Berry 's Hollywood Hills home . Berry 's legal battle Martinez had Aubry arrested , accusing him of battery , while Aubry filed for a restraining order against Martinez , saying he started the fight . Berry obtained an order banning Aubry from having contact with her or 4-year-old Nahla . Berry , 46 , and Aubry , 37 , have been engaged in a bitter legal fight over custody of Nahla since their five-year romance ended in 2010 . The battle heated up last year after the Oscar-winning actress announced her engagement to Martinez and asked a family court to allow her to move with the daughter to Paris . Aubry , in a sworn statement that helped him gain a temporary restraining order against Martinez on Monday , said the fight was apparently motivated by the custody battle , which Berry recently lost . Berry , who pays Aubry child support under the shared custody agreement , was told she can not move to Paris with the child unless Aubry goes there as well . In his statement , Aubry said : "  While he was attacking me physically , Mr. Martinez said to me in an aggressive and threatening voice , ` You cost us $ 3 million . When you see the judge , you 're going to tell him you 're going to Paris or I 'm going to kill you . You 're going to Paris , you 're going to get your 20 grand a month in child support . From now on you 're going to do drop-offs on the street . ' " Aubry 's lawyer attached several photos to the filing to show his blackened , swollen eyes , cut lip and bruised face . Aubry was treated at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for a fractured rib and several bruises on his face and forehead , and he required stitches to repair three cuts in his mouth , the filing said . Berry : I 'm so glad I waited to have Nahla	"  The parties have reached an amicable agreement , " lawyers ' statement says The deal was reached after a private session at a Los Angeles County courthouse It comes a week after a Thanksgiving Day scuffle at Berry 's Hollywood Hills home Berry and Gabriel Aubry have been engaged in a bitter legal fight over custody of Nahla
CNN  -- Inter Milan 's ended their seven-match winless streak in Serie A with a 2-0 win away to Chievo on Friday . Two late goals from Walter Samuel in the 87th minute and Diego Milito during injury time ensured a crucial three points for Claudio Ranieri 's men . Milito 's header made amends for a missed penalty in the 14th minute . The win lifts the Nerazzurri up to sixth in the table above Roma who travel to Palermo on Saturday night . "  It 's a result which gives us a morale boost . We said in the dressing room that we need to carry on from the second half against Catania , " said Ranieri . "  This win gives us joy , for a team like Inter to not score in a month is not easy , " he added . Napoli moved up to fourth place with an entertaining 6-3 win over Cagliari at the Stadio San Paolo . Marek Hamsik opened the scoring in the 10th minute with captain Paolo Cannavaro doubling the lead nine minutes later . Eleven minutes later the home side were three up as Cagliari defender Davide Astori turned the ball into his own net . Joaquin Larrivey pulled one back for Cagliari in the 37th minute . Argentine striker Ezequiel Lavezzi made sure of three points in the 56th minute converting from the penalty spot . Uruguayan midfielder Walter Gargano added a fifth for Napoli in the 70th minute before Larrivey got his second of the night seven minutes later . Christian Maggio restored the four-goal lead seven minutes from time with Larrivey claiming his hat-trick in injury time . Meanwhile in the Bundesliga , Stuttgart drew 0-0 against bottom-of-the-table Kaiserslautern at the Mercedes-Benz Arena . The result means Stuttgart stay in eighth place while Kaiserslautern stay bottom , now one point adrift of Freiburg who travel to Monchengladbach on Saturday .	Late goals from Walter Samuel and Diego Milito earn Inter Milan first win in eight Serie A games Napoli score six against Cagliari to move up to fourth place Bundesliga match between Stuttgart and Kaiserslautern ends goalless
CNN  -- It 's a new idea which could resonate with communities across the developing world -- a biomass stove which also generates electricity using sound waves . The Score-Stove is a cooker , fridge and energy generator in one which harnesses waste heat from cooking to power a specially designed thermo-acoustic engine , helping provide energy to areas where access to electricity is limited . The project is being led by the UK 's University of Nottingham , but has drawn on the expertise of partners around the world including the Los Alamos National Laboratory  LANL  in New Mexico . LANL researchers Scott Backhaus and Greg Swift demonstrated the first-ever thermo-acoustic engine in 1999 , adapting the principles originally outlined by Scottish engineer Robert Stirling in the 19th century . In Stirling 's thermodynamic engine  patented in 1816  air or gas is alternately heated from an external source and cooled . The expansion and contraction of the air drives displacer pistons in the Stirling Engine , but in Score-Stove 's thermo-acoustic set-up there are no moving parts , says Paul Riley , Score project director . The stove heats a specially shaped pipe at one end while the other end is cooled , Riley explains , compressing air inside the pipe and causing it to vibrate and produce powerful sound waves . "  You can think of it as a big microphone or a loudspeaker working backwards . In fact we are using loudspeakers  which act as a linear alternator  in some of the rigs turning the sound into electricity , " Riley said . "  It 's in excess of 170 decibels -- that 's more than the Space Shuttle taking off -- but it 's whisper quiet outside the pipe , " he added . Riley and colleagues at Nottingham have producing 36 watts of electricity under laboratory conditions and recently started installing and testing stoves in Nepal and Bangladesh . "  We must adapt the lab version for each area , taking into account local biomass fuels , types of pots and pans used to cook , along with the everyday tasks the unit will be required for , " Riley said . In the 2011 World Energy Outlook , the International Energy Agency  IEA  reported that around 1.3 billion people presently have no access to electricity with 95 % of this number living in sub-Saharan Africa or developing Asia . Even small amounts of electricity  Score-Stove 's aim is to achieve an output of around 150 watts  could transform the lives of rural communities providing light and charging facilities for a booming cell phone market . According to the GSMA -- an association representing mobile phone operators worldwide -- over 70 % of Africa 's one billion population will own a cell phone by the end of 2012 . The Score-Stove also makes cooking more efficient helping to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and limiting exposure to cooking smoke . Nearly three billion people still rely on biomass stoves which cause around two million premature deaths annually , according to the World Health Organization . Making Score-Stoves in large numbers would currently cost around $ 250 per unit , Riley says , but a target of around $ 30 in the future is realistic . "  That 's the next stage of the research . We hope to be making this in the millions . We are talking to several large manufacturers who are evaluating the product at the moment , " he said . "  I am convinced that a wood-burning stove that can also generate electricity will benefit these  three billion  people . Perhaps more . "	New multi-purpose biomass stove generates electricity from sound waves created by cooking Score-Stove currently undergoing field trials in Nepal and Bangladesh Los Alamos National Laboratory assisted British researchers with thermo-acoustic technology
CNN  -- Voters in North Carolina , Indiana and Ohio on Tuesday kick off five straight weeks of primary contests that could give us a clearer indication of whether establishment Republicans have the upper hand against the tea party movement for control of the party . The results could back up recent tough talk from Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell , who predicted big wins for incumbents facing primary challenges from the right , saying , "  I think we are going to crush them everywhere . " And they may have a major impact in determining whether Republicans retake the majority in the Senate . Since the birth of the tea party movement in 2009 , primary challenges from the right have produced major headlines and headaches for the GOP and hurt the party 's chances of winning back the Senate from Democrats in the past two election cycles . Candidates backed by the tea party movement and other grass-roots conservatives effectively cost the GOP five winnable Senate elections the last two cycles in Nevada , Delaware , Colorado , Indiana and Missouri . Complete coverage : 2014 midterm elections Two months ago , McConnell , whom the right sees as part of the problem in Washington , told The New York Times that when it came to tea party challenges , "  I do n't think they are going to have a single nominee anywhere in the country . " His prediction might come true . Establishment leaders say they have learned their lessons from the past two elections and are better at counterattacking this time around . So why do incumbents and establishment-backed candidates appear to have the upper hand this time around ? "  I do n't think we can say that the tea party movement is dead , but there seems to be less enthusiasm among their activists and supporters this year , " said Jennifer Duffy , senior editor for the nonpartisan Cook Political Report , a top campaign handicapper . "  Establishment Republicans and incumbents have learned to run against tea party-backed candidates . " And outside help this time may be making a difference . "  I think the Republican establishment is fighting back more than in previous cycles . There is more organization and involvement from outside groups in some of these primaries . I think in the past , it was too often an incumbent running against an anti-establishment challenger and a host of outside groups , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . 2014 midterms : Key races to watch Tea party ` changed the narrative ' But leaders of the 5-year-old grass-roots movement disagree with the suggestion that the tide has turned against them . "  I think the establishment is taking its victory lap a little early , " said Kevin Broughton , spokesman for the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund , who added that "  There are more wins to come . " And regardless of the outcome of the primary contests , Amy Kremer says the tea party is already victorious "  Regardless of the outcome in the primary races , the tea party has already won because we have changed the narrative and the political landscape in Washington . Now , both sides of the aisle express concern about our ballooning national debt , " said Kremer , who just stepped down as chairwoman of the Tea Party Express and is now helping Matt Bevin in his bid to unseat McConnell in Kentucky . Primary calendar : Who votes when Vulnerable Democrats put control of the Senate in play In North Carolina , first-term Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is vulnerable . Flipping her seat and five others held by Democrats would give Republicans control of the Senate . GOP establishment nervously watches North Carolina The Democrats hold a 55-45 majority in the Senate but are defending 21 of the 36 seats up in November , with half of those Democratic seats in red or purple states , such as North Carolina , which will be the first indicator whether things will be different this time . The establishment is rallying around state House Speaker Thom Tillis , the front-runner in a multi-candidate field for the Republican Senate nomination . Tillis was endorsed Monday by 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and late last week by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who 's seriously considering a bid for president in 2016 . The most recent polling indicates Tillis hovering right around the 40 % mark , which he needs to crack in order to avoid a July runoff . The two most serious challengers are Greg Brannon , a tea party activist and first-time candidate who enjoys the support of some major tea party groups , as well as other influential conservative organizations and endorsements from the likes of Sens. Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky , who joined Brannon on Monday at an rally in Charlotte on the eve of the primary . The other major candidate is Mark Harris , a prominent Baptist minister who helped drive the 2012 passage of a constitutional amendment that strengthened the state 's same-sex marriage ban . Harris enjoys the support of a high-profile fellow pastor : former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a 2008 Republican presidential candidate who may run again for the White House in 2016 . While none of the candidates , including Tillis , have raised or spent a lot of money in the campaign , the state House speaker enjoys the support of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads , two outside groups that combined have spent millions this cycle to run ads backing Tillis and other establishment picks . Last week , in what was described as a major buy , the pro-business Chamber launched a television commercial that described Tillis as "  a bold conservative who balanced our budget and reduced regulations . A businessman who delivered tax relief . " And Crossroads , the big-spending outside group co-founded and steered by Karl Rove , says it 's spent nearly $ 2 million in support of Tillis . That spending dwarfs the money shelled out by outside conservative groups backing Brannon . And in a sign that Tillis is seen as the most feared of the GOP candidates , the pro-Democrat Senate Majority PAC put out a spot critical of two of his aides . Overall , 90 % of all the ad spending in the Senate race in North Carolina has so far come from outside groups rather than the actual campaigns . ` Idol ' star seeks congressional seat While the Senate battle is the marquee race in North Carolina on Tuesday , some House primaries are also grabbing attention . Two-term GOP Rep. Renee Ellmers is facing a primary challenge from a conservative talk radio host because of her being open to consider some limited immigration reform . And in North Carolina 's 2nd Congressional District , former "  American Idol " star Clay Aiken is in a heated primary for the Democratic nomination . Aiken 's star power put to test in N.C. primary In the state 's 3rd Congressional District , 10-term Republican Rep. Walter Jones , an anti-war libertarian , is once again fighting for his political life , this time against establishment pick Taylor Griffin , a former George W. Bush administration official who also had a senior role in Bush 's 2004 re-election campaign . Can Mr. Jones stay in Washington ? More showdowns over coming weeks Next Tuesday , the tea party could score what could end up its only win in Senate primary showdowns this year . Conservative Ben Sasse of Nebraska , president of Midland University , has been showered with support and endorsements recently from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee , and Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah , as well as the backing of FreedomWorks , the Senate Conservatives Fund and Club for Growth . Some polling suggests that Sasse is now all tied up with Shane Osborn , the former state treasurer who 's considered the establishment favorite . But on the same day , seven-term Rep. Shelley Moore Capito is expected to easily win the GOP Senate nomination in West Virginia , where the party hopes to snatch the seat long held by retiring Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller . Capito 's considered a moderate , and while some conservative groups criticized her early in her bid , she 's faced no serious opposition from the right for the nomination . A week later , on May 20 , the action moves to Kentucky , where McConnell faces a challenge , and Georgia , where there 's a wide-open , free-for-all fight to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss . Republican Reps. Phil Gingrey , Paul Broun and Jack Kingston , former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel , and businessman David Perdue are the major candidates in the race . Kingston and Perdue , rather than the more conservative Broun and Gingrey , are considered the frontrunners in the contentious Republican primary . The winner will face off against Michelle Nunn , the all-but-certain Democratic nominee and daughter of the longtime Georgia U.S. senator . McConnell faces challenge of his own McConnell faces a challenge from tea party-backed Bevin . While this race has seen big spending -- both by the campaigns and from outside groups -- the five-term McConnell is expected to cruise to renomination . But he faces a serious challenge in November from rising Democratic star Alison Lundergan Grimes , whom big-name Democrats are already campaigning for . On the same day in Oregon , Portland pediatric neurosurgeon Dr. Monica Wehby is considered the frontrunner over more conservative state Rep. Jason Conger in the race for the GOP Senate nomination . The winner of that contest will face off in November against first-term Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley , who Republicans think might be vulnerable if 2014 turns into a wave year for the GOP . And in Idaho , there 's a high-profile incumbent-vs . - tea party challenge primary in the House , where eight-term Rep. Mike Simpson faces a serious primary challenge from conservative favorite Bryan Smith . A week later , on June 3 , the establishment-vs . - tea party contest shifts to Mississippi , which is among eight states holding primaries that day . Six-term Sen. Thad Cochran is facing a serious challenge from state lawmaker Chris McDaniel in Mississippi . Private polling shows Cochran with a comfortable lead , but outside establishment groups are taking nothing for granted .	Establishment Republicans are fighting back more strongly against challenges from the right With a number of vulnerable Democrats in the Senate , GOP thinks it can win control North Carolina primary seen as a key test of establishment-vs . - tea party scenario
CNN  -- World number two Novak Djokovic extended his winning run in 2011 to 27 matches with a 7-6 6-2 win over Spain 's Feliciano Lopez to win the Serbia Open in Belgrade Sunday . It was top seed and home favorite Djokovic 's fifth title of the year after his wins at the Australian Open , Dubai , Indian Wells and Miami . The 23-year-old Djokovic is now two wins away from equaling Ivan Lendl 's record of a 29-0 winning season start , set in 1986 . Rain interrupted the final twice with Djokovic battling it out on home clay for 73 minutes before wrapping up the first set on a tiebreak . The start of the second set was also delayed by rain before Djokovic secured a pair of breaks to wrap up victory . His last defeat came against Roger Federer in the semifinals of the ATP World Tour Finals last November and he closed out 2010 by leading Serbia to the victory in the Davis Cup final on home soil against France . Djokovic is firmly focused on toppling Rafael Nadal as world number one this season . "  I need to stay healthy and I need to stay fit in order to play well . The winning streak is something I do n't really think about , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  I am flattered that people compare me to the greats , like Lendl ,  John  McEnroe ,  Roger  Federer , Nadal -- guys who have made history on the tennis court . But I have some other goals to achieve this year . "  Obviously the number one ranking is still far away , even though I 've been winning every match I 've played this year and won five titles in a row . "  But I know I need to do more and if I ever get to that number one in the world it would be a dream come true for me , because it 's been the ambition of my career . " Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro is also in fine form heading into the second grand slam of the season at the French Open later this month and secured his second title of the season with a 6-2 6-2 win over Fernando Verdasco in the final of the Estoril Open Sunday . Del Potro , who is returning to his best after missing most of 2010 with a wrist injury , was claiming his ninth ATP title from 12 final appearances . "  This is a great victory , it 's unbelievable to win on clay . It 's something I never expected so soon , " he told AFP . Former world number three Nikolay Davydenko of Russia won the Munich ATP title Sunday with a 6-3 3-6 6-1 victory over Germany 's Florian Mayer . It was his 21st ATP title and his first since Doha in January 2010 . On the WTA Tour , world number one Caroline Wozniacki began her campaign at the Madrid Masters Sunday with a 6-2 6-3 win over Japan 's Ayumi Morita . Maria Sharapova and Francesca Schiavone also went through to the second round at the tournament which also features the ATP Masters 1000 event with Nadal as top seed . But title holder Aravane Rezai of France lost to Swedish qualifier Sofia Arvidsson 6-3 3-6 6-4 in a shock defeat .	Novak Djokovic wins Serbia Open title to claim fifth crown of 2011 Straight sets win over Feliciano Lopez extends his winning run to 27-0 Juan Martin del Potro wins Estoril Open by beating Fernando Verdasco in final Nikolay Davydenko of Russia wins ATP title in Munich
CNN  -- It 's not only global tycoons and car manufacturers that are greasing the wheels of Formula One -- countries are doing it too . Traditionally governments have invested in F1 by stumping up cash to stage races but now they are cutting deals with drivers and teams . The Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA funds Pastor Maldonado 's drive for Williams . This summer Sauber announced a partnership deal involving three backers with close links to the Russian state that will see the Swiss team fast track teenager Sergey Sirotkin into a race seat in time for the inaugural Russian Grand Prix in 2014 . "  It 's a huge responsibility that I have , " Maldonado , who had the personal approval of late Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez , told CNN . "  I have a complete country pushing in my back so every day we do not do very well , I have some pressure . " But why do countries want to invest in the fickle world of F1 in the first place , where there is no tangible return on their investment ? McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh explained to CNN : "  Last year Formula 1 was watched by over half a billion people . "  There are only two world sports -- football and F1 . It 's natural that as F1 expands the calendar and goes into new markets -LSB- people -RSB- want to be involved and invest in the sport . " Global markets Christian Sylt , co author of Formula Money , an annual report examining all aspects of the sport 's finances , believes countries now have a role to play in filling the gap left by F1 's traditional investors . "  The departure of the car manufacturers left a big hole in the budgets of many teams , " said Sylt . "  In 2008 and 2009 , F1 lost Honda , BMW and Toyota while Renault also slashed its spending . This meant that , according to Formula Money 's data , team owner spending plummeted from $ 1.6 billion in 2008 to $ 611 million in 2010 , despite the addition of two new teams . "  In turn , teams have had to look for new sources of funding to maintain their budgets . " F1 's peripatetic players visit five continents and 19 countries in 2013 -- and in 2014 there are additional races scheduled in Russia , Austria , the United States and Mexico . Part of the sport 's appeal is that it immediately gives its backers structured access to nearly 20 global markets . "  If a government thinks that it can increase trade and tourism by presenting an image of itself as a technologically savvy , glamorous destination and a center of sporting excellence , then F1 is a good way to achieve this , " Sylt continued . "  F1 's values of technology and glamor are often something that developing countries want to align themselves with . "  It 's not so common in F1 at the moment , but this is already a big source of funding in its feeder series GP2 . Huge responsibility "  In the last couple of years logos for countries including Venezuela , Monaco , Romania , Angola , Russia and Colombia have all appeared on the cars and Venezuela even title sponsors the Lazarus team . "  As these drivers move into F1 , they will bring their sponsors with them and we 'll see more and more countries getting involved as F1 sponsors . " Sponsoring a driver or team is also a powerful marketing tool . As well as the traditional logos prominently painted on the car 's livery , Venezuela now gets a mention every time Maldonado is strapped into a car . But how do the drivers cope with these unique patriotic pressures of essentially being an ambassador in a racesuit ? "  I have more than many responsibilities , " Maldonado explained with a half smile . "  I am the only one in Venezuela who has Formula 1 on his back . It 's quite hard for me to keep everyone happy . " Like most F1 racers , the 28-year-old Williams driver progressed from karting through the junior ranks before winning the GP2 title in 2010 . But there is no doubt that the final step into an F1 race seat was sweetened by sponsorship from PDVSA to the tune of a reported $ 45m a year . "  PDVSA and the sponsors I had in the past , and that I still have , believe in my talent , " said Maldonado , who is still aware that he has to sing for his supper . "  I was the first racing driver who was racing with the colors of PDVSA , the main oil company of the country . "  In Venezuela we do n't like to lose , we always approach to win . " Maldonado was not the first F1 pilot from Venezuela -- that honor went to Italian born Ettore Chimeri in 1959 -- but he became the first Venezuelan to win a grand prix in Spain during the 2012 season . "  You know , F1 after my victory last year became a very popular sport , " Maldonado explained . "  We have two live TV channels so it 's getting bigger and bigger -- which is why I have even more responsibility . " Presidential problem solver This season has raised Maldonado 's stress levels even further . The Williams car has lagged behind its midfield rivals and Maldonado finally won the team 's first point of the season in Hungary -- the 10th race of the year . The portents on the eve of the season had not been good . The team held a celebratory preseason lunch on 5 March but later that evening Venezuelan President Chavez died following a long battle with cancer . The death of Chavez , a self-styled " 21st Century socialist , " left Venezuela in a state of flux and it arguably deprived Maldonado of his biggest supporter . When asked how much the late president had personally helped his career , Maldonado answered : "  A lot . "  It was not only my career it was the career of many racing drivers , Rodolfo Gonzalez  GP2  , E.J. Viso , who is in IndyCar ; many , many racing drivers . " Maldonado twice appeared on Chavez 's chat show Alo Presidente but said he did not speak to the late president on a regular basis , though he added : "  He was very close to the drivers . " There have been divisive opinions on Chavez 's legacy . Commentators say he did a lot of work to lift people out of poverty in Venezuela but that his autocratic style of governance damaged the nation 's democracy and left the country with daunting economic challenges . But Maldonado says the charismatic Chavez , the man who helped shape his career , is greatly missed . "  We miss him , " said Maldonado who grew up in the city of Maracay . "  Everyone misses people like that who were important for the country , the position he took , what he did for the poor . "  He connected with the people and at the same time he was listening to the problems they had , analyzing everything with his team , his ministers and directors , they were trying to solve all of the problems of the people . " Being backed by the state has intrinsically linked Maldonado to Venezuela in so many ways . He is indebted to PDVSA for his position in F1 and in turn he feels he is an ambassador for Venezuela , his compatriots and the legacy of President Chavez . When countries decide to directly invest in F1 's drivers , the responsibility lies heavily on the racer 's shoulders . Does Maldonado expect Sirotkin , the driver Russian investors plan to push into a Sauber seat , to feel the same kind of pressure ? "  It depends , " Maldonado explains . "  I do n't know very well the Russian guys . I know the Venezuelan guys - for sure there is a lot of pressure ! " Slums of Venezuela PDVSA 's sponsorship deal with Williams is due to expire in 2015 . It is understood that the terms of the agreement stipulate a Venezuelan driver must race for the former world champion constructors , and not necessarily Maldonado . CNN contacted PDVSA but they declined to comment . Even if Maldonado finds himself without an F1 drive in the future he is already determined to pay back part of his debt he believes he owes to his country through the Pastor Maldonado Foundation , a charitable organization that he set up in 2005 . "  We want to find a new driver from the very poor slums of Venezuela and give him the opportunity to become a race driver in the future in F1 , " Maldonado , who was encouraged into motorsport by his father and uncle , explained . "  We are focused on finding someone who is not even close to motor racing . At the moment we are staging a small go kart championship and then we will select two or three racers and then put them in Europe with good teams , all paid for by the foundation . "  We also help some with education , some who have lost their homes in tragedies and other sports . "  But now we are planning to find the second or third Venezuelan driver for a Formula 1 drive . " Maldonado is using his foundation to repay what Venezuela has given to him -- and , even better , he hopes it will also find a successor to drive forward the expectations of a nation .	Formula One is attracting state funding form nations such as Venezuela and Russia Pastor Maldonado says being sponsored by Venezuelan money is "  a huge responsibility " The Williams driver was personally encouraged into F1 by late president Hugo Chavez Maldonado has set up a foundation to fund next Venezuelan F1 driver
CNN  Robots serve you drinks , you can skydive on deck and a mechanical arm hoists you 300 feet into the air to view the ship . You could be forgiven for thinking you had been transported into the future on board the new $ 1 billion cruise ship Quantum of the Seas . As its name suggests , it is very much a quantum leap in boat building . The latest brainchild of Royal Caribbean , which has branded the newest member of its fleet the "  smartest cruise ship in history , " it is basically a fun palace on the high seas . Everything , it seems , is a first : the first bumper cars , skydive simulator and bionic bar on a ship . And among the 19 restaurants on board , there is something for everyone . Those of a literary slant can even dine at Wonderland , with waitresses dressed up in characters from the novel by Lewis Carroll . Such are the maverick creations on board from bow to stern , it is a vessel befitting of the Mad Hatter . "  This is the smartest cruise ship , " says Harri Kulovaara , executive vice-president of maritime at Royal Caribbean and head of the design process behind the project . "  This is probably going to be a big change for the industry and the future . " And this is not just Royal Caribbean 's prediction . "  It 's unique and unusual , and we just had fun -- pure and simple , " is the assessment of Carolyn Spencer Brown , the editor of Cruise Critic , after spending eight days on Quantum . "  Royal Caribbean are always raising the bar when it comes to putting stuff on board you 'd never thought you 'd see on a cruise ship . "  They just do things well before anyone else and their ships are traditionally the ones you get most excited about , " adds Spencer Brown , who estimates she has been on 300 cruises as part of her job . "  You keep on thinking when they come up with something crazy they 've hit the wall and there ca n't be anything new , but there always is . They keep doing things no-one else has thought of . " There are bigger cruise ships out there : Allure and Oasis -- both part of the Royal Caribbean fleet -- although not quite with the same box of tricks . Kulovaara likes to think Quantum has something for everyone -- it even has its own "  godmother , " American actress Kristin Chenoweth . But what exactly does a price tag of nearly $ 1 billion buy you ? The vessel is 16 stories high , has room for 4,500 passengers and a 1,500-strong crew . It also boasts 18 decks , 2,090 state rooms , is the length of 41 London buses and weighs 167,800 tonnes . Built in Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg , Germany , its first voyage at the end of last year was from Southampton to New York , and an eight-day Caribbean cruise on board starts from $ 1,333 . The project was first discussed in 2009 and the build took three and a half years . Finland-born Kulovaara , now based in Miami , takes great pride in the fact the vessel was delivered just two minutes late . Kulovaara , who has been with the company since 1995 , is proud of the open-thinking mentality that appears to have gone into the design process . "  I do n't remember any major elements that we did not get on the ship , " he says . "  It 's come together nicely . We have a group of people that love to innovate and look to the future . With this , we started to think about the next generation . "  When we start a new design , we think of the customer and what can we do . We put the customer right in there . How can we provide a better vacation ? We constantly explore novel options , what 's possible on a ship . We have people pushing innovation that just have that in their DNA . " That involves bringing partners on board , including the team behind RipCord by iFly -- provider of skydiving on the deck in an enclosed capsule -- which has long been a company aspiration . "  We 've actively looked at having that on board before the technology was not enclosed and also too noisy , " adds Kulovaara , who spent his childhood summers sailing in the Finnish Arctic . "  The technology moved on and the energy could be used in a constant loop so there was n't such wasted energy . " It was the same for the North Star , a capsule -- modeled on the London Eye -- that gives holiday makers a 360-degree view of the deck but can also protrude over the side of the boat with just the sea below . It is not something for vertigo sufferers . "  North Star looks simple but it 's very complex so adding to the ship design was huge , " explains Kulovaara , who says he only got involved in studying naval architecture in order to make him a better yachtsman . "  Some of our best resources were working on that for 18 months before the product was started . " At the Bionic Bar , passengers can order drinks by iPad and watch as huge bionic arms make any beverage of their choosing . The tech thrills do n't end there : Kulovaara claims Quantum has the most advanced WiFi on board any ship . He says the connectivity , set up by O3b , is as fast as logging on at home or at work -- achieved by using a satellite in much lower orbit than would normally be the case . "  It 's comparable to anything on land , so this is a revolution . " The company is confident it is winning the cruise wars , and reviews of the vessel have , to date , been very positive . There are , however , rivals . Spencer Brown cites the examples of both Norwegian Cruise Line and Carnival for their own innovations . "  Norwegian has this completely nuts rope course on deck 16 with a gang plank which looks down over the sea . They were also the first for alternative restaurants and led the way with outdoor spaces and great party areas with bars and restaurants outside , " she says . "  Carnival are doing some fun design work with Carnival Vista  launching in 2016  . It 's like a ship within a ship with a separate family zone and a Cuban-themed area for adults . "  So Royal Caribbean are leading the way but it 's nice to see it 's got competition . " There is a pressure on Royal Caribbean to raise the bar for its next creation , though Kulovaara is not concerned . "  This is about 1 % great idea and 99 % execution , " he says . "  History tells us that we like to push the envelope and will continue to do that and create very unique experiences . "	Quantum of the Seas cost nearly $ 1 billion to build and is billed the world 's smartest cruise ship Robots make your drinks , you can take out a surfboard on deck and surf the web at speed The company behind it , Royal Caribbean , believe it is "  winning cruise wars "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Anthony and Lisa Leoni have little time to worry about whether California 's budget crisis will affect their daughter 's life-sustaining care . Anthony and Lisa Leoni are afraid of budget cuts that pose a threat to daughter Jessica 's care . A steady stream of nurses , caregivers and therapists visit 12-year-old Jessica at home around the clock . Jessica suffers from a rare and fatal disease called Niemann Pick Type C . A cholesterol imbalance destroys healthy cells in the liver , spleen and brain . Although Jessica led a relatively normal life before the illness worsened , her mother always knew the disease would eventually take over . "  Jessica was playful , happy and loves people . My heart was always a flutter because you never knew how many moments you 'd get , " Lisa Leoni says . In Jessica 's case , a grand mal seizure suffered Memorial Day weekend 2005 brought a world of hurt to the Leonis . At the height of her symptoms , Jessica suffered up to 60 seizures a day . The disease , also known as NPC , has stolen her ability to walk , talk , eat or even breathe on her own . An oxygen machine pumps air into her lungs around the clock . Anthony Leoni knew they needed help . "  If you told us 10 years ago this is how your life is going to be , I would have said we 're not capable . We do n't have the training , ability , we do n't have the energy , we do n't have the stamina . " They found Bill Feeman of Westside Regional Center . "  When you walk into this home and you see Jessica , -LSB- you -RSB- just fall in love with her , " Feeman says . "  She is a sweet soul -- you see her , she 's physically helpless , yet there 's a light that shines out of her eyes , it takes you in . "  When you meet this family and you see how hard-working and involved they are , you just wan na do everything you can to help . " Watch the family 's heartbreaking struggle " Feeman worked to find in-home support in the form of nurse caregivers , therapists and medical supplies . "  This family also has all the normal responsibilities of raising a family . They have to pay their mortgage , they have to feed their family , they have to go to work . So when you have someone as medically involved as Jessica is , and you 're talking about all that worriment and responsibility of your child being ill and on top of that you still have to ... bring home a paycheck every week in order to pay your bills , you need a lot of help . "  You have to be awake at night with Jessica . She can not be left alone for even five minutes where someone is not awake and attentive to her needs . So you 're looking at a family , who when I first met them a year ago had some help in the home but nowhere near enough and they were exhausted . They were trying to be caregivers , nurses , doctors , and then get up and go to work during the day and still support their family . " "  We pieced all these programs together . We finally got everything in place where they can be parents again , which is a wonderful thing . And that 's what scares me about these budget cuts ... it scares me a little bit that things might start moving backwards . " One of those caregivers is Carmen Bailey , a certified nurse assistant and home health aide with Caring Connection . She has been working with Jessica for more than two years . "  It 's been an experience . I call her my angel . I bathe her , groom her , position her , massage her to make her comfortable . " Carmen may be affected by the budget cuts . "  I also have to live to keep on going . I know I will still be here and whatever I need to do extra I 'm willing to do it for the family and Jessica . " Westside Regional Center is one of 21 state regional centers providing services literally from birth to death . They work with people diagnosed as developmentally disabled , including those with cerebral palsy , epilepsy , autism and mental retardation . Mike Danneker is executive director of Westside Regional Center . "  Our budget is in the 4 billion dollar range for about 240,000 clients in California , " Danneker says . "  Westside gets about 140 million dollars a year and we have about 7200 clients . " He believes the California budget fix will cut a half-billion dollars statewide from their budget . "  It 's going to affect everybody . Camps , therapies like art , horseback riding , some of the things people have done for decades will be gone . We 'll have to cut back the number of hours to about 300 hours a year . We estimate 40 percent of California clients have over 300 hours a year . " Anthony Leoni has this to say about impending cuts to Jessica 's life-sustaining care . "  It 's absolutely frightening to think about what happens if the services go away . They 're absolutely essential to keep Jessica going . " Jessica 's childhood friend Kristina Carmickle stands by her bedside . "  We did a lot of tap  dance  together , that was Jessie 's favorite . Once you have a friendship that 's big enough , you 're always wishing for the best . " Anthony Leoni sums it up this way : "  We know that there are other families that have challenges similar to us , sometimes even more dramatic than ours , and if we can serve a purpose or a role to help bring the awareness to public what it takes to take care of a family like ours , then we 're willing to make that effort . "	Twelve-year-old Jessica Leoni has rare and fatal disease Illness requires around-the-clock care for Jessica California budget crisis threatens cutbacks in Jessica 's care Potential budget cuts are "  going to affect everybody "
CNN  -- Rapid-fire TV news bulletins or getting updates via social-networking tools such as Twitter could numb our sense of morality and make us indifferent to human suffering , scientists say . Scientists say updates on networking tools such as Twitter are often to quick for the brain to fully digest . New findings show that the streams of information provided by social networking sites are too fast for the brain 's "  moral compass " to process and could harm young people 's emotional development . Before the brain can fully digest the anguish and suffering of a story , it is being bombarded by the next news bulletin or the latest Twitter update , according to a University of Southern California study . "  If things are happening too fast , you may not ever fully experience emotions about other people 's psychological states and that would have implications for your morality , " said researcher Mary Helen Immordino-Yang . The report , published next week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Online Early Edition , studied how volunteers responded to real-life stories chosen to stimulate admiration for virtue or skill , or compassion for physical or social pain . iReport.com : Growing pains for Twitter , Facebook ? Brain scans showed humans can process and respond very quickly to signs of physical pain in others , but took longer to show admiration of compassion . "  For some kinds of thought , especially moral decision-making about other people 's social and psychological situations , we need to allow for adequate time and refection , " said Immordio-Yang . She said the study raises questions about the emotional cost , particularly for young people , of heavy reliance on a torrent of news snippets delivered via TV and online feeds such as Twitter . She said : "  We need to understand how social experience shapes interactions between the body and mind , to produce citizens with a strong moral compass . " USC sociologist Manuel Castells said the study raised more concerns over fast-moving TV than the online environment . "  In a media culture in which violence and suffering becomes an endless show , be it in fiction or in infotainment , indifference to the vision of human suffering gradually sets in . " Research leader Antonio Damasio , director of USC 's Brain and Creativity Institute , said the findings stressed the need for slower delivery of the news , and highlighted the importance of slow-burn emotions like admiration . Damasio cited the example of U.S. President Barack Obama , who says he was inspired by his father , to show how admiration can be key to cultural success . "  We actually separate the good from the bad in great part thanks to the feeling of admiration . It 's a deep physiological reaction that 's very important to define our humanity . " Twitter , which allows users to swap messages and links of 140-characters or less , says on its Web site that it sees itself as a solution to information overload , rather than a cause of it . This function , it says , "  means you can step in and out of the flow of information as it suits you and it never queues up with increasing demand of your attention . "	USC study says rapid-fire Twitter and news updates are too fast for brain Scans show humans respond rapidly to pain , but not compassion , admiration Scientists say reliance in Twitter or news snippets could harm moral compass
CNN  -- Australian troops could begin pulling out of Afghanistan in the coming months , and the majority of them may leave the country by the end of next year , Prime Minister Julia Gillard said Tuesday . It 's the latest announcement of international troop drawdowns in Afghanistan , a trend that signals the coalition 's confidence in the country 's fighting forces , the transition to Afghan security control , and the war 's growing unpopularity in the countries that contribute troops . Gillard made her remarks Tuesday ahead of a NATO summit meeting in Chicago in May . At the meeting , the leaders of countries with troops in Afghanistan will make key decisions about the future of the international coalition 's mission there . Australia 's move would mean that most of the more than 1,500 Australian soldiers in Afghanistan could leave a year earlier than the government had previously suggested . That timetable puts Australian forces on a quicker withdrawal timetable than Gillard had previously described . In a speech to parliament in November , she said the transition in Uruzgan might well be completed before the end of 2014 . "  We continue to see steady gains in the fight against the Afghan insurgency , " Gillard said in a speech in Canberra , suggesting that the strategy of international forces in the country had led to "  security gains over the past year and a half . " She highlighted the progress made by Afghan troops , notably in the southern province of Uruzgan , where most of the Australian forces are concentrated . Gillard said she expected the Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , to make an announcement in the coming months about beginning the process of putting Afghan troops in charge of security in Uruzgan and other provinces , a transition that should take 12 to 18 months . "  And when this is complete , Australia 's commitment in Afghanistan will look very different to that we have today , " she said , adding that "  the majority of our troops will have returned home . " Gillard said Australia will maintain a police training role and "  provide niche training " to the Afghan National Security Forces after 2014 . "  We are prepared to consider a limited Special Forces contribution in the right circumstances and under the right mandate , " she said . "  There may be a continuing role to train the ANSF to conduct -- and to work alongside them in carrying out -- counterterrorism operations in Afghanistan . " Australia has been among those nations that have contributed troops , supplies and other resources to the NATO-led military effort in Afghanistan , which began in the weeks after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Jeffrey Dressler , senior analyst at Institute for the Study of War , a D.C.-based think tank , said Australia has been a "  phenomenal " ally . Its special forces contingent in Uruzgan has been responsible for numerous high-level kill and capture operations , and the military has trained and mentored Afghan security forces , Dressler said . "  They should be commended for their role , " Dressler said . He noted that it would be "  a shame to see regression " in Uruzgan because of what appears to be a "  hard and fast move . " Dressler hopes the transition will be phased , careful and "  condition-based " to avoid any setbacks . "  It 's important they do this in a judicious way . I hope they 'll do that . It helps to have the weight of the NATO mandate behind it , " he said . He also said such moves could influence other coalition countries to make similar moves . Australia 's 1,550 troops in Afghanistan are a fraction of the overall number of foreign troops deployed to keep a lid on the country 's insurgency more than 10 years after allied airstrikes marked the start of Operation Enduring Freedom . The number of Australian soldiers killed in the war stands at 32 , according to a CNN count . More than 130,000 troops from 50 countries are currently operating in Afghanistan , according to the International Security and Assistance Force . The international force has been there since 2001 , shortly after the al Qaeda terror attacks on the United States . The campaign was launched to stop the Taliban from providing a safe haven for al Qaeda fighters and to stop the terror group 's use of Afghanistan as a base for its future activities . The United States is the biggest contributor , providing about 90,000 troops , followed by the United Kingdom with 9,500 , Germany with 4,800 troops and France with 3,600 . In June 2011 , U.S. President Barack Obama announced that U.S. combat operations in Afghanistan would end by 2014 . At that time , there were more than 100,000 U.S. troops in the country after a 30,000-strong troop "  surge " in December 2009 to help bolster the campaign against the Taliban . In February , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced that the United States hoped to end its combat mission in Afghanistan in 2013 , transitioning primarily to a training role as Afghan forces take more responsibility for security . France announced in February that it would begin an early drawdown , and its troops would be gone by 2013 . Germany plans to pull out some troops next year , with the remainder leaving in 2014 . Britain plans to hand over its security operations to local forces by the end of 2013 before continuing in a "  supporting role " from 2014 . Some countries have already pulled out . Canada , which once headed the ISAF mission , removed almost all of its 3,000 soldiers at the end of 2011 . Norway also withdrew almost all of its 500 troops during this period . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Hilary Whiteman and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst calls Australia a "  phenomenal " ally Australia 's prime minister sketches out an expedited troop withdrawal plan The country has been part of the coalition effort in Afghanistan for more than a decade
