CNN  -- Even the prospect of rain is little help to the crews fighting an Arizona wildfire that killed 19 of their comrades . But firefighters battling the Yarnell Hill blaze did get a boost from the U.S. military , which committed four specially equipped C-130 transports to the effort Tuesday . About 400 ground personnel and 100 incident management staff are working to control the fire , shadowed by the near-total loss of an elite team that was overrun by the spreading blaze Sunday . "  You have to acknowledge it , " Karen Takai , a spokeswoman for the firefighting effort , told reporters Tuesday morning . "  You ca n't push it behind in your head , but acknowledge it , and then they get their head back in the game . They have to focus very hard on the ground , or we 'll be in that same circumstance again . " And though Tuesday 's forecast calls for about a 25 % chance of thunderstorms , those squalls could bring gusts of 50 to 80 mph , lightning and only "  spotty " rain , National Weather Service forecaster Jim Wallmann told reporters . "  Although 80 miles per hour is unlikely , the potential there is for stronger winds than what we saw on Sunday afternoon , " Wallmann said . Meanwhile , temperatures in the 90s are expected to prevail throughout the week , he said . The fire had scorched about 8,400 acres Tuesday morning and was largely unchanged Tuesday afternoon , incident commander Clay Templin told a public meeting . How to help the families The region has been suffering from an extreme drought , and the winds whipping through the mountains can blow embers into new patches of parched woodland and mesquite grass , Takai said . "  That mesquite is extremely oily , and once that starts , an ember gets into those extremely dry fuels , that fire is going to rip , " she said . "  It 's very difficult to control at that degree , especially with the winds that we 're having out here . " The fire has scorched about 13 square miles of the mountains outside Prescott , 80 miles northwest of Phoenix . It remained completely uncontained Tuesday morning , Takai said . Late Monday afternoon , the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office advised residents in the communities of Peeples Valley and Yarnell to evacuate their dwellings . An estimated 200 homes and other structures have burned in Yarnell . Though firefighters got a break with higher humidity and brief showers Tuesday morning , "  The winds are just drying out that fuel right after the rain is hitting the ground , " Takai said . "  It 's a pattern that is very difficult to work with . " Remembering those who were killed The C-130 crews now joining the fight will have their work cut out for them in battling what is now considered the deadliest fire in state history . Equipped with the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System , or MAFFS , the planes , loaded with water or fire retardant , can drop 3,000 gallons in less than five seconds . The retardant covers an area one-quarter of a mile long and 60 feet wide , and the aircraft can land , reload and be airborne again in under 20 minutes . "  They 'll be capable of actually dropping a lot of liquid on that ground in areas where it will be most effective , " Takai said . The planes are from Colorado , where crews had been working on fires for the last several days . But they are now considered more vital for Arizona . The military deployment is coming at the request of civilian firefighting authorities . A Defense Department official confirmed the details to CNN but declined to be identified because an announcement has not yet been made . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	80-mph wind gusts are "  unlikely " but possible , forecaster says The Yarnell Hill blaze killed 19 firefighters Sunday Four C-130s are bound for Arizona firefighting efforts The planes can drop massive amounts of water or fire retardant
Jerusalem  CNN  Israeli lawmakers voted to dissolve the nation 's parliament Monday amid mounting political upheaval . The bill dissolving the 120-seat Knesset passed with 93 votes in favor . No one voted against it . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had called for the dissolution as he sacked two senior members of his coalition Cabinet for criticizing government policy . Last week the speaker of the Knesset said new elections would likely be held on March 17 . The moves come at a tenuous time in Israel , which has been beset by a number of recent terrorist attacks against citizens in Jerusalem . The head of the right-wing Likud party , Netanyahu has been Israel 's Prime Minister since 2009 . But he 's had to rely on members of other parties -- many of them to the left of Likud on the political spectrum -- to govern . Netanyahu told reporters last week that a divided government was one of Israel 's problems , saying there was a lot of debate , contradictions and ultimatums . He ordered letters of dismissal for Finance Minister Yair Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , two members of his Cabinet from rival parties . "  During the last few weeks and , in particular , the last few days , the ministers have intensely attacked the government that I am leading , " Netanyahu said . " ... I will not tolerate ministers attacking the government 's policy and its head from inside the government . " The call for new elections means Israel is effectively in a state of political paralysis until March . Israel held its last election just 22 months ago . A poll for Israel 's Channel 2 suggested that 55 % of those surveyed were against another election being held so soon . Monday 's vote makes the 19th Knesset one of the shortest serving parliaments in Israel 's 66-year history , according to Natan Sachs , a foreign policy fellow at the Brookings Institution 's Center for Middle East Policy in Washington . The moves come at a tumultuous time for Israel , Sachs wrote in an opinion column for CNN.com last week . "  With the dramatic challenges Israel faces , domestically , regionally and internationally , expect the sense of malaise in Israeli politics to deepen , " he wrote . "  These elections may simply be a prelude to a deeper political crisis . " CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Lawmakers vote to dissolve the Knesset , leaving Israel in political paralysis The bill passed with 93 votes in favor ; no one voted against it Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had called for the dissolution
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish authorities have arrested 13 people in connection with blasts that killed 17 people in Istanbul last week , Interior Minister Besir Atalay said Saturday . Video from last week 's bombing in Istanbul shows bloodied people being loaded into ambulances . Of those arrested , 10 were sent to judicial court , Atalay said in a televised news conference . He described the attack as the "  work of the bloody separatist group , " but did not identify a group by name . No one has claimed responsibility for the blasts , which went off within minutes of each other in Istanbul 's crowded Gungoren community . About 154 people were wounded , state-run Anadolu news agency reported . Istanbul Gov. Muammer Guler , who called the blasts "  an act of terror , " said last week that the explosive devices were placed 15 meters  49 feet  from each other . The first was a stun grenade that was detonated to draw attention before the second blast went off , he said . The other , a bomb , had been placed in a trash can . Turkey -- a candidate for European Union membership -- has pushed its anti-terror campaign on multiple fronts . Tensions between Turkey " and Kurdish rebels have risen over the Kurdistan Workers ' Party 's increasing attacks and Turkey 's subsequent crackdown . The rebels , known as the PKK , have waged a decades-long battle for an autonomous Kurdish region in Turkey 's southeast . Last month , 86 people -- including former military officials , journalists , politicians and businessmen -- were indicted on charges of being involved with an alleged terror group called Ergenekon , which aims to topple the Turkish government . The arrests and indictments dramatize the sharp and serious political tensions between the country 's Islam-rooted ruling party -- the Justice and Development Party , or AKP -- and its outspoken critics from the nation 's secularist population .	Attack was conducted by "  bloody separatist group , " Interior minister says 2 explosions , minutes apart , hit residential area in Turkey 's largest city Sunday Those arrested were responsible for earlier bombing June 15 , says minister
Budget Travel  -- The following five sites have proven the most consistently useful for the editors of Budget Travel , who do thousands of searches a year . Budget Travel editors reveal favorite online resources to book flights , hotels and other needs . Dohop.com Strictly for booking plane trips entirely outside of the U.S. , such as a flight between Paris and Rome . The site runs simultaneous searches of multiple airports serving the same city -- five airports in London , for instance -- and it retrieves fares from no-frills independent carriers like EasyJet and Ryanair , which many better-known travel sites overlook . That said , be warned that Dohop does n't work nearly as well for booking airfares leaving the U.S. Kayak.com The all-time best site for finding the cheapest plane tickets in the U.S. . Our biggest beef with Kayak 's competitors is that when you click to book a fare , they typically direct you to a new page . Sometimes it 's only then that you find out your actual departure time -- or worse , you 're forced to plug in your dates and departure cities all over again , only to discover far different results . Kayak stands apart . Once you 've found a good flight on Kayak , click on the price and you 'll be sent directly to the airline 's Web site , where the exact price for the exact flight you selected unfailingly appears . Another perk : If you are flexible on your travel dates , we recommend you try Kayak 's flexible-date search tool , which covers the broadest scope of routes and airports of any site we 've tested . Budget Travel : Staying in touch while on the road Priceline.com The granddaddy discounter helps hotels , car-rental agencies , and airlines unload all sorts of inventory at well below published prices . We admit that Priceline 's name-your-own-price option -- in which travelers do n't know specific details until after their bids have been accepted -- is n't for everyone . But as flexible travelers , we 're fans of using Priceline to bid blindly . You 'll find the best results when bidding for upscale hotels in large cities , paying up to half off what other guests pay . The trade-off is that your hotel 's location will be something of a surprise . But in many big cities , it does n't really matter which neighborhood you 're staying in , because you 're hopping all over town sightseeing anyway . Of course , Priceline also sells travel the straightforward way  with the price and details quoted up-front  , but , in our opinion , it 's no better at doing that than Expedia , Travelocity , Orbitz or CheapTickets . TripAdvisor.com Harnessing the power of the masses , the user-hotel-review site TripAdvisor is the top way to hunt for hotels . We admit that the site 's spectrum of good , bad and mixed reviews for the same property can be confusing . But you know what ? After reading the reviews and disregarding ones that seem off or biased , you get a decent sense of what to expect in a hotel -- which is the point . For now , TripAdvisor is the top dog in user-generated hotel reviews , but we 're also watching Kayak-owned TravelPost , a newly-launched site that offers a similar service  though to date it posts only about one-tenth as many reviews and opinions as TripAdvisor  . Venere.com Spotlights independently owned properties overseas , many of which never show up on American travel sites . Any booking site can point you to large , widely known hotels . But you might prefer to stay in a charming inn or a small property on your next trip , especially if you 're traveling to Europe . Well , Venere is the go-to source for this type of mom-and-pop lodging , which usually provides better value for the money than hotel chains . A recent search on Venere for hotels in Nice , France , for example , turned up 20 spots charging nightly rates of less than 60 euros  $ 82  . That 's well below the typical rates for large hotels in the resort town . Venere also offers other kinds of alternative lodging , such as apartments , pensions and farmhouses . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Budget Travel editors identify their favorite travel booking sites On Priceline.com they get the best results bidding for upscale hotels in big cities Venere.com spotlights independently owned properties overseas
CNN  -- The atmosphere could have fallen a little flat after the Champions League setback against Real Madrid , but it did not stop a capacity 71,000 crowd at the Allianz Arena celebrating Bayern Munich 's 24th Bundesliga title in traditional style Saturday . A last-gasp winner from Claudio Pizarro ensured the final league game of the season would result in a 1-0 win over Stuttgart and the cue for the party to start . Manager Pep Guardiola was dowsed with the best Bavarian beer as has become the custom , with defenders Jerome Boateng and Daniel van Buyten the main protagonists . He scarcely seemed to mind as he lifted the shield , reward for an all-conquering season which saw the championship wrapped up by March and with 29 wins , three draws and only two defeats . Some have blamed the early clinching of the title for some lackluster performances which followed , including the 5-0 semifinal aggregate reverse to Real which ended Bayern 's hopes of defending the Champions League crown . The last league game was also a low-key affair on the pitch until Peru 's Pizarro scored from outside the penalty area in the 92nd minute . Guardiola , whose future at Bayern has been the subject of some speculation , looked a relieved man after it went in , but he will be hoping his team can raise themselves for one final big performance next week . They face arch-rivals Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup final in Berlin , hoping to complete the domestic double before many of their squad head to Brazil for the World Cup finals . Bayern may have to do so without key midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger , who limped off in the first half with a knee injury . He will undergo an MRI scan Monday to determine the seriousness , worrying for his club side and Germany . "  Bastian has a problem with his kneecap , " Guardiola told the official Bayern website . "  But we still have six days to go until the cup final . " Guardiola also reflected on his team 's achievements in his first season in charge . "  The first championship is very special for a Catalan such as myself , " he said .	Bayern Munich beat Stuttgart in final game of Bundesliga season Claudio Pizarro scores last gasp goal for champions Pep Guardiola dowsed with beer in traditional celebration Bayern hope to complete domestic double next week
CNN  -- It 's the biggest , fiercest debate taking place across America . But it 's poisoned from the get-go by a Tower of Babel predicament . In disputes over the future of gun laws , people espousing different positions often literally do n't understand each other . "  The sides are speaking different languages , " says Harry Wilson , author of "  Guns , Gun Control , and Elections : The Politics and Policy of Firearms . " Many of the most frequently used words and phrases in this debate mean different things to different people -- or , in some cases , do n't have clear meanings to anyone . From terms like "  assault weapons " to the battle between "  gun control " and "  gun rights , " the language in the national conversation is making it tougher to find common ground . "  What language does is frame the issue in one way that includes some things and excludes others , " says Deborah Tannen , a Georgetown University linguistics professor and author of "  The Argument Culture : Stopping America 's War of Words . " The gun language debate : Join the discussion on Facebook It 's a phenomenon that America sees all the time : "  pro-life " vs. "  pro-choice " in the abortion debate ; "  marriage equality " vs. "  protecting marriage " in the battle over same-sex marriage . Those who oppose the estate tax have termed it a "  death tax . " "  The gun control debate is catching up to this now , " says Wilson , director of the Institute for Policy and Opinion Research at Roanoke College in Salem , Virginia . The massacre at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , "  was a game changer . It changed the political landscape overnight . " As the debate rages in Washington and throughout the country , here 's a look at some of the flashpoint lingo muddying the waters : ` Gun control ' vs. ` gun rights ' When President Obama recently announced plans to sign 23 executive orders on the issue , he avoided the phrase "  gun control . " Instead , he emphasized the need "  to reduce the broader epidemic of gun violence in this country . " "  We 've seen this transformation from use of the term ` gun control ' to ` gun violence , ' " says Wilson , "  because no one can be in favor of gun violence . That 's universal . " "  Gun control , " to many Americans , is not a positive term , Tannen adds . The key is "  the set of associations people have with a word " -- and Americans do n't like the idea of the government "  controlling " many of their decisions . That 's why "  gun rights " works well for the National Rifle Association in pushing against new gun laws . "  For Americans , the word ` rights ' is always a positive thing . That 's not necessarily true in other cultures , but it is for Americans , " Tannen says . Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president of the NRA , spoke to those associations this week during his testimony before Congress . "  We believe in our freedom , " he said , speaking for gun owners who are NRA members . "  We 're the millions of Americans from all walks of life who take responsibility for our own safety and protection as a God-given , fundamental right . " While the current debate has its own tenor , the focus on language has been around for decades . It 's embodied in the title of one of the best-known gun control groups . The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence grew out of an organization called the National Council to Control Handguns . ` Common sense ' Listen to any leading voice on this issue , and you 're likely to hear that term repeatedly . President Obama used it to describe the steps he 's calling for , including universal background checks for gun owners and legislation prohibiting "  further manufacture of military-style assault weapons . " The NRA , meanwhile , announced in December that LaPierre would offer "  common sense solutions . " He then pushed for armed guards in American schools . Many Americans were angry and argued that was the opposite of common sense . The NRA later said it believes each school should decide for itself . Former U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords and her husband , Mark Kelly , have begun a political action committee to take on the gun lobby 's influence . In an op-ed in USA Today , they said LaPierre 's initial remarks showed that "  winning even the most common-sense reforms will require a fight . " Wilson says the term seems to be playing well for those pushing for new gun regulations . "  It makes people say , ` these are common-sense ideas , ' " he says . Language poisoning the debate : Join the discussion on Twitter ` Assault weapons ' But what exactly are those ideas ? When it comes to the most controversial one being discussed -- banning "  assault weapons " -- it 's unclear . That 's because the term itself is abstract . There is no clear definition of an "  assault weapon . " The 10-year so-called assault weapons ban enacted in 1994 named 19 semiautomatic firearms , as well as semiautomatic rifles , pistols , and shotguns with specific features . "  In general , assault weapons are semiautomatic firearms with a large magazine of ammunition that were designed and configured for rapid fire and combat use , " the Justice Department said at the time . That may be the closest thing to a simple explanation the government ever gave , but if you want to see how incredibly complicated the official definition is in the law itself , check out the language . "  I wrote a book on gun control . I do n't know what an assault weapon is , " Wilson says . The National Shooting Sports Foundation and other gun enthusiasts complain that what ultimately separated an "  assault weapon " from a "  non-assault weapon " under the 1994 law was cosmetic . Some Second Amendment groups and gun retailers prefer the terms "  tactical rifle " or "  modern sporting rifle . " The term "  assault rifle " was first used by Germany during World War II , The New York Times notes . Later , U.S. manufacturers adopted the words as they began to sell firearms modeled after new military rifles . In today 's parlance , adding "  military-style " does n't draw a clear line either . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who has submitted legislation for a new "  assault weapons ban , " says it would include , among other things , "  all semiautomatic rifles that can accept a detachable magazine and have at least one military feature : pistol grip ; forward grip ; folding , telescoping , or detachable stock ; grenade launcher or rocket launcher ; barrel shroud ; or threaded barrel . " The previous ban included semiautomatic pistols with at least two features , including a detachable magazine , threaded barrel , a shroud allowing the shooter to "  hold the firearm with the nontrigger hand without being burned , " a weight of 50 ounces or more unloaded , or what was described as "  a semiautomatic version of an automatic firearm . " ` Semiautomatic ' An automatic weapon , as the Justice Department put it , is a machine gun that allows you to fire bullets in succession by holding in the trigger . Fully automatic weapons are severely restricted under existing law , but in some cases they are still legal to own , as the Los Angeles Times notes . They 're commonly used in the military but rarely owned by civilians . A semiautomatic weapon can load bullets automatically , but it fires only once each time you pull the trigger . In the effort to prevent mass killings , those pushing for a new assault weapons ban want to halt the production and sale of certain semiautomatic weapons and high-capacity "  feeding devices " -- such as magazines -- that allow for a large number of rounds of ammunition . Feinstein 's bill would ban selling , transferring , importing or manufacturing 120 named firearms , certain semiautomatic rifles , handguns , "  shotguns that can accept a detachable magazine and have one military characteristic " and "  semiautomatic rifles and handguns with a fixed magazine that can accept more than 10 rounds . " During the previous ban , gun manufacturers were able to make cosmetic changes to evade the law . One chief question now is how a piece of legislation could avoid the same happening again . CNN iReport : Why own a military-style rifle ? Can words help bridge the gap ? "  If you get new words , there 's a better chance of moving beyond the polarization , " says Tannen , who is spending this year at Stanford 's Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences . But , she warns : "  Words do n't stay neutral for long -- because they quickly get associated with the people that use them . " When asked for a case in which more neutral language may have helped the government reach a consensus on a controversial topic , Tannen said "  nothing comes to mind . " Instead , the race is on to control the semantics , which are "  crucial , " says Wilson . "  In American politics , the person who gets to define the issue wins . " A look at U.S. gun laws The Newtown shooter 's guns	"  The sides are speaking different languages " in the gun debate President Obama avoided the phrase "  gun control " in announcing executive orders There is no clear definition of "  assault rifle " "  In American politics , the person who gets to define the issue wins , " gun debate expert says
CNN  -- Passenger David Martin knew the situation on Virgin America Flight 404 was unraveling Saturday when members of the flight crew began snapping at passengers . One incident stands out for him from Saturday 's flight , which spent more than four hours on the tarmac at New York 's Stewart Airport after being diverted from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . Martin said he was rationing a limited number of cookies from first-class to mothers and children in coach when a passenger prone to outbursts asked him for a cookie . He was about to give her one when a flight attendant ordered her to sit down and told her she would not get a cookie . "  Everyone knew she was a very frantic woman , which is why no one said anything when she asked for the cookie . ... Everyone understood but the flight attendant , " said Martin , CEO of the social networking site Kontain.com , who documented Saturday 's travails using visual updates via the iPhone app to his Kontain account . "  I went to her and said , you need to understand that speaking to passengers like this is not going to do any good . You need to exercise leadership and responsibility . " Martin said the flight attendant dismissed his words , as did the pilot when he took his concerns to the cockpit . See Martin 's visual posts from flight on Kontain.com Martin said the situation did not improve until the flight was finally canceled , 4 1/2 hours after it parked at Stewart and nearly 12 hours after it took off from Los Angeles International , during which time passengers say they endured shortages of food and water , crying babies , panic attacks and rising tensions . Severe storms and heavy winds paralyzed traffic entering and leaving JFK airport Saturday night , causing most flights to be diverted . "  Although we can not control the weather or the circumstances , we agreed that we needed to have done a better job with making our guests more comfortable in a difficult situation , " Virgin America spokeswoman Abby Lunardini said in an e-mail . But if the delay had occurred a few weeks later , Virgin America might have faced more than $ 3 million in fines for staying on the tarmac for more than three hours . Under the rule , which takes effect April 29 , airlines could be fined up to $ 27,500 per passenger for tarmac delays lasting more than three hours . Passengers were offered two opportunities to leave the plane after it parked on the tarmac at Stewart , and 20 of the 126 passengers chose to do so , Lunardini said . Internal policy dictates that Virgin America will never hold guests longer than three hours without the ability to leave the aircraft , she said . "  Although guests were able to leave the aircraft during Flight 404 , if the ruling were in place we would have made the decision to cancel at the 2-hour mark instead of the 3 - to 4-hour mark , which is our current practice , " Lunardini said . "  We are in full compliance with existing rules and are prepared to be in full compliance with the new ruling when it is issued . " The Department of Transportation is investigating the Virgin America incident , said spokesman Bill Mosley . "  The whole thrust behind the rule is to prevent passengers from being subject to that , to the delays in the aircraft , " Mosley said . American Airlines has joined JetBlue and Delta in requesting an exemption at JFK airport to the tarmac delay rule set , according to the Department of Transportation . The closure of a major runway at JFK prompted the exemption requests , which would only apply to that airport for the duration of construction on the runway . Even in situations when the flight can not operate , the rule would ensure that passengers are allowed to get off the plane and return to the terminal , Mosley said . American echoed the concerns of JetBlue and Delta in its JFK exemption request . "  Carriers , faced with increased operational difficulties as a result of constrained runway capacity just at the time the new tarmac delay rule goes into effect , and with the prospect of incurring $ 27,500 per passenger in fines , will inevitably cancel flights during challenging operational situations , " the airline 's DOT request said . Martin said he supports the idea of fining airlines for delays as an incentive to ensure that other passengers do n't have to endure the same experience . "  I would like on my left to be the CEO of Virgin America and on my right , the CEO of JetBlue to vouch with me for this bill , " he said . "  That 's the kind of leadership that 's required and demonstrates that these CEOs understand that passenger safety and customer service comes first . " Martin and his seatmate , "  Dancing with the Stars " judge Carrie Ann Inaba , used Twitter and Kontain , respectively , to issue updates on their ordeal . "  Was stuck on a plane for five hours on a Tarmac . They ran out of food , a woman was escorted off by police and I 'm grateful to new friends , " Inaba tweeted at 11:14 p.m. , after the flight was officially canceled and remaining passengers were led off the plane . Read Inaba 's Tweets Martin posted intermittent updates to Kontain.com using his iPhone app while the flight was in progress . "  Tensions rising big time as we are grounded and passengers are trying to get off , " he said in one post accompanied by a photo of passengers lining up in front of the cockpit to deplane . "  Virgin crew losing control of passengers . Police now onboard here , " he said in a later post . On Sunday night , Martin says he received a phone call from Virgin America CEO David Cush telling him that he 'd seen his posts and expressing apologies . Martin attributed his use of social media to convey the severity of the situation as a factor in Virgin America 's decision to refund passengers the cost of the airfare plus a $ 100 credit . "  You ca n't just write in a complaint or call customer service anymore ... social media , it 's the only weapon , " he said . "  Airlines need to be more terrified of that than the actual bill , because they 're going to have to compensate passengers anyway each time they get held up on the tarmac , but they 're also going to lose passengers because their brand will be destroyed every time a passenger uses social media . "	Five-hour flight lasts more than 10 after severe weather diverts it Situation on Virgin America 404 turned ugly when crew lashed out , passenger says Virgin America apologizes , says passengers were able to deplane Effective April 29 , airlines have to pay fines for tarmac delays of more than 3 hours
CNN  -- The liberal environmentalist Green Party nominated former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney as its presidential candidate Saturday . Cynthia McKinney represented a suburban Atlanta , Georgia , district for six terms as a Democrat . McKinney , 53 , held off three rivals to win the party 's nomination during its convention in Chicago , Illinois . She picked journalist and activist Rosa Clemente as her running mate . Green Party spokeswoman Scott McLarty acknowledged McKinney was a "  long shot " for the White House , but said , "  Every vote that she gets helps the Green Party . " "  The United States needs an alternative party , " McLarty said . "  The narrow two-party system we have right now has not served us very well . " McKinney represented a suburban district of Atlanta , Georgia , as a Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives for six terms -- five consecutively . First elected in 1992 , she lost a primary challenge in 2002 after suggesting in a radio interview that members of the Bush administration stood to profit from the war that followed the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . In 2004 she ran again and won with a low-key campaign in which she largely avoided controversy . But voters ousted her again in 2006 after she was accused of a physical altercation with a U.S. Capitol Police officer who questioned her after failing to recognize her at a security checkpoint . The most successful Green Party presidential candidate was consumer advocate Ralph Nader , who drew nearly 3 percent of the vote in 2000 . Nader is running again this year , this time as an independent . Earlier this year , the Libertarian Party nominated McKinney 's onetime House colleague , ex-Republican congressman Bob Barr , as its presidential nominee . Barr also represented a district in the Atlanta suburbs during his four terms in Congress . CNN 's Brendan Gage contributed to this report .	Cynthia McKinney , ex-Georgia congresswoman , defeats three for nomination Party spokesman : "  Every vote that she gets helps the Green Party " McKinney , a former Democrat , served six terms in Congress
CNN  -- Rising star Mohamed Salah scored a hat-trick as Egypt beat Zimbabwe 4-2 in Harare Sunday to all but book their place in the final stage of African qualifying for the 2014 World Cup Finals . Salah has been impressing for both club and country , helping Basel to the semifinals of the Europa League this season and grabbing 15 goals in his last 21 games for Egypt . The emphatic victory for the ` Pharaohs ' has left them with a 100 per cent record from four games . With Congo-Brazzaville and Tunisia drawing in Gabon and Sierra Leone respectively Saturday , Egypt were left as the only one of the 40 second-stage teams to have a perfect record . Guinea thrashed Mozambique 6-1 later Sunday to keep alive their slim hopes of catching Egypt at the top of the Group G standings -- but trail by five points . Zimbabwe had pushed Egypt close in Cairo three months ago , but Salah put Bob Bradley 's men ahead for the second time just before halftime in the National Stadium . Mohamed Abou Trika had given the visitors a fifth minute lead before Musona leveled midway through the half . Salah scored his second and Egypt 's third with a superb effort on 76 minutes before Knowledge Billiat gave the home side brief hope . Salah 's hat-trick goal soon afterwards settled the match and set them on their way to only their third appearance in a World Cup finals . In other action Sunday , Togo 's 2-0 home win over Cameron revived their slim hopes in a tight Group I where only two points separate the four sides . Algeria kept a firm group on Group H as a first half double from Islam Slimani set them on the way to a 3-1 win in Benin . In Group C , Ivory Coast stretched their lead to four points with two rounds left with a 3-0 win in the Gambia as Lacina Traore , Wilfried Bony and reigning African Footballer of the Year Yaya Toure were on target . Tanzania 's hopes of overtaking ` The Elephants ' were all but ended when they lost 2-1 in Morocco . In Group B , Tunisia maintained a five-point lead over Sierra Leone by holding them 2-2 in Freetown . There was also a 2-1 consolation win for Cape Verde Islands over Equatorial Guinea . The surprise 2013 Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinalists had suffered three straight losses in their bid for a place in Rio . The winners of the 10 African qualifying groups go through to the third and final section where they are whittled down to five teams for Brazil 2014	Egypt score superb 4-2 win in Zimbabwe in World Cup qualifying Highly rated Mohamed Salah scores hat-trick in win in Harare Pharaohs boast perfect record in second stage of African qualifying Ivory Coast take a firm grip on Group C with 3-0 win in the Gambia
CNN  -- A boy takes a condom . He inflates it slowly , each breath meticulously measured as the creation begins to take shape . He takes some plastic and carefully wraps it around the condom , ensuring it ca n't be punctured before using pieces of shredded tire and an old rope to tie around the oddly shaped sphere . This is football -- rural African style . No grass , no shoes , just a machete knife on hand to chisel out the thorns which get stuck in the players ' feet . Welcome to Chicome -- a small village in Mozambique , located 150 kilometers off the beaten track and an eight-hour drive through the bush . Chicome exists without electricity or running water -- instead it lives off the "  Three F 's " : farming , family and football . "  Having less is interesting because it makes us see things in a different way , " renowned international photographer Jessica Hilltout told CNN . "  What I know is that everyone says the same thing , how can people be so content ? "  Happiness is a state of mind . You see people with so much who are buried in their belongings and burdened by their attachment to possessions . "  Those who have less also have less worries and are more focused on what is essential . " Chicome was one of the places where Hilltout 's photos spoke loudest . Football is what keeps the village breathing . Every evening a match takes place amid noise and a carnival of color . At 4pm each and every day the whistle sounds to signal the start of play with people arriving from all sides of the bush onto the field . "  It was a moment of magic , " Hilltout said . "  They forget the hardship of the day and people just had fun . Not just for the players but for fans , the wives , it was real delight . "  It was a real African match . Bare feet , getting thorns , cutting them out with machetes , dressed in individual fashion . It was fantastic . " Hilltout is well qualified to explain the attitudes and role of football in rural African society following the success of her "  Amen " project . In her father 's Volkswagen Beetle , Hilltout traveled across Africa , documenting in each and every shot just how crucial football is to the survival of those battling against the odds . "  It was n't easy at the beginning . I was sitting in my tent , crying , why am I doing this ? " she recalled . "  I hated football . It 's such a male world , then there is a little white woman , and everyone was looking at me . "  With time on the terrain I learned that the best thing for me was to settle in an area where I felt a good vibe . I wanted to use my senses , feel , talk to people , make friends , see the fields and spend time with people to explain the project and gain their trust . "  People are suspicious because white people take photos and make money off the back of it . I had to break that . I think that people saw I was putting love into my log books they saw it was n't a commercial project . "  They saw that when I was stopping to write their names down and put some memorable quotes in that there was more to it . " Hilltout is no stranger to Africa . Her tour of Madagascar in 2007 whetted the appetite for something which delved deeper into the everyday lives of those living across such a vast and enriching continent . It was while spending Christmas with her father in South Africa five years ago that the idea of a football project was born . "  I love Africa and my father loves football . He did the design of the book and I took the pictures and the traveling , " she said . "  I 'm not a football fan at all . I did watch the World Cup , but I 'm really not a big fan . "  During my travels through Africa I had often seen handmade balls which I thought were beautiful and symbolic of so much . But I thought there was something wonderful about showing what life is like in Africa through football . "  I wanted to do a study of football in its purest sense , without all the corporate sponsors , television and stuff which goes with it . "  I wanted to show people playing just for the pure pleasure . " Hilltout spent a total of nine months traveling throughout Africa , taking in Lesotho , Malawi and South Africa on her first trip before visiting Ghana , Ivory Coast , Burkina Faso , Niger , Togo and Benin . "  Every time I stopped somewhere , I found someone who could speak the dialect and English or French and they would be my link to the population . I wanted to have fun , " she said . In Kumasi , Ghana , another story was brought to life through the lens . "  I 'm OK , I 'm OK , " said Sani Pollux , manager of the famous Anokye Stars side . Pollux , a quiet and humble man , has been training children since he was 14 and has been responsible for unearthing some of Ghana 's most talented players . The club , which is made up of 150 boys , has teams in several age groups and survives by selling players to the bigger teams . The likes of Milan 's Sulley Muntari , former Leeds striker Tony Yeboah and international midfielder Isaac Boakye have all passed through the Anokye Stars set up . Kids from across the country flock to attend trials , as Pollux runs the rule over "  these young dancers in the dust , " according to Hilltout . "  The boys look after Sani , and he looks after them , " she said . "  He lives in a 10 square meter home , in old Suame neighborhood . "  On the roof is a huge satellite dish with all the sport channels . The living room is the center of this house . Here they listen to his massive old-fashioned radio , eat and watch football . "  The place is an organized mess with footballs hanging up , old photos of successful young boys , old boots , cups , trophies and a dangerously low ceiling fan . " The project has sparked reaction from across the globe with hundreds of people donating both new and old equipment , while Adidas has also contributed . "  It has gone beyond all expectations , " she said . "  I was always attracted to the world of image . I assisted photographers to make sure I actually wanted to do it . I did a trip in a Land Rover from Brussels to Mongolia and then up to Africa when I was younger . "  It really formed my way of seeing the world . I wanted to see the imperfect , the banal and all the simple things in life which we sometimes forget about . "  For anyone , whatever their passions is , when you give a project everything you 've got and push yourself that bit further , there 's always some kind of magic that happens . " Amen to that .	Photographer Jessica Hilltout traveled across Africa capturing role of football in society Hilltout , not a sports fan , believes football is integral to people 's happiness She drove across the continent visiting whole raft of countries Hilltout has set up a fund to help bring sports equipment to Ghana
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Police said Thursday that they found skin underneath the fingernails of Stephany Flores , whose body was found June 2 in the hotel room in Lima , Peru , of Joran van der Sloot . Miguel Canlla Ore , a colonel in the Peruvian National Police and head of homicide , told journalist Victoria Macchi that the amount of skin was small and that laboratory DNA tests that might indicate its provenance had not been completed . Peruvian authorities have charged the 22-year-old Dutchman with murder in the death of the 21-year-old woman , whom van der Sloot had met while gambling in Lima . He was also the lead suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in Aruba but was never charged because of a lack of evidence . A court document obtained by CNN shows Flores had a cranial fracture and other injuries to her face and neck and showed signs of asphyxiation . Forensic tests in the hotel room where her body was found showed blood on the floors , hallway and mattress , the document said . According to transcripts of van der Sloot 's confession , he said he elbowed Flores in the face before strangling her and then suffocating her with his shirt . The transcripts were provided to CNN by a police source who has not been named because he was not authorized to pass along the material . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail in his computer connected with the Holloway case . After killing Flores , police say , van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested on June 3 . He was returned the next day to Peru . Van der Sloot is being held in a high-security area of the Miguel Castro Castro Prison , where only two of 10 cells are occupied and he has no contact with the general prison population . CNN 's Lonzo Cook and journalist Nancy Leung contributed to this story .	Police say they have found DNA under Stephany Flores ' fingernails Amount of tissue was small Testing was not yet complete on the tissue
CNN  -- In his first post-Election Day interview , President Bush spoke to CNN 's Heidi Collins on Tuesday aboard the Intrepid , a former U.S. Navy aircraft carrier where he was commemorating Veterans Day . He reflected on his presidency and the transition in the works with President-elect Barack Obama . President Bush says he has always been proud of America 's volunteer military force . Here is a transcript of the interview . The president began by talking about his feelings for the troops . President Bush : Being the commander in chief is as high an honor as you can possibly imagine and I have given it my all to support our military and to support our veterans . What does that mean ? It means going to Congress and saying let 's make sure our military families have good housing , health care , educational benefits . It means helping to work with the Congress to get money for our veterans , but it really means saying to our troops , "  I will make decisions based on what is best for our country , not what is best for me politically . " I do n't want your troops thinking that the decisions I have made were about politics or about my standing . The decisions were made how to secure this country , how to protect ourselves from the long run . And that was important for those troops to know that their commander in chief not only supported them but stood with them in their mission CNN : As you stand with them in their mission there are two months left of your presidency . How will that feel to leave office in the middle of two wars ? Watch Bush discuss his regrets " Bush : I 'm trying to figure it out because there 's a lot going on . We 've got an economic situation , the campaign just ended , we still have troops in harm 's way . I 'll be meeting with families of the fallen today . This job will end on January 20 and so this is a better question answered on the 21st . I 'm not sure what to tell you because I know I 'm going to go from 100 mph to near zero overnight . I 'm not sure what to expect . I know I 'll miss certain things about the presidency . I also know I 'm looking forward to getting home , so I 've got mixed emotions . CNN : What will you tell -- and maybe you talked about this yesterday with President-elect Obama -- about taking care of America 's veterans and active servicemen and women ? Bush : To the extent that he asked my advice -- and he may want to ask it again -- and the best way to make sure he feels comfortable asking it again is for me not to tell you in the first place on what I advised him . We had a very private conversation . It was relaxed . It was interesting to watch someone that is getting ready to assume the office of the president . It will be a fantastic experience for he and his family . He did n't need my advice about supporting the military . He knows he must do that . We had a good conversation . I was very pleased . Remember the conversation I had with my predecessor Bill Clinton , as a matter of fact called him yesterday and said , Bill , I 'm getting ready to meet with the new president and I remember how gracious you were to me . I hope I can be as gracious to President-elect Obama as you were to me . It was interesting yesterday . One of the things President-elect Obama was interested in , after we had our policy discussions , was his little girls , how would they like the White House . It was interesting to watch him go upstairs . He wanted to see where his little girls were going to sleep . Clearly this guy is going to bring a sense of family to the White House and I hope Laura and I did the same thing , but I believe he will and I know his girls are on his mind and he wants to make sure that first and foremost he is a good dad . And I think that 's going to be an important part of his presidency CNN : This is your first interview since the election . I want to ask you , how did you think that turned out ? What was your impression ? Bush : My choice did n't win . I was for John McCain . I thought he battled hard , but I meant what I said after the election , that the election of Barack Obama is an historic moment for our country . There are a lot of people in America who did not believe they would ever see this day . It is good for our country that people have hope in the system and feel vested in the future and President-elect Obama has a great opportunity . I really do wish him all the best . I am just as American as he is American and it is good for our country that the president succeeds . The transition that we are working on is a genuine effort to help him be able to deal with the pressures and the complicated issues of the presidency . CNN : Where do you see this country in four years ? Bush : You know , it 's hard to tell . I am pretty confident that we will recover from the economic times . That Iraq will be a symbol of freedom , that Afghanistan will improve . There 's a -- the country will be secure . It 's gon na be very important for the president and the Congress to work together to make the decisions so that we can succeed in keeping us secure and helping us regain our prosperity . CNN : I have heard you say many times in the past : "  I do n't look at polls . I like to do what I want to do . " The polling -- are up and down , all over the map . Do you ever get disappointed ? Does it make you feel a certain way ? Bush : I think a president who tries to be popular is a president who could fail the country . And I remind people popularity is fleeting . Principles are forever . And there 've been times when I 've been popular and times when I have n't been popular . But the job of the president is to make good , tough decisions based upon solid principles that are etched in his soul . I know there 's this kind of preoccupation by some by popularity polls , but for me they 're just moments , they come and go . But what does n't change -LSB- is -RSB- what you believe and can you defend those beliefs . And I assure you , as president of the United States you better have a core set of beliefs , because a lot of people are watching you and they are trying to determine where America will stand . A lot of people inside the White House , they are trying to determine whether this person is going to be making decisions based upon core principles or whether the person is going to be all over the map trying to chase popularity . CNN : If those are principles that you have considered your whole life and coming into this office and they are near and dear to you , I imagine you probably have a moment in your presidency that you are most proud of , and a moment I 'm sure you most regret . Bush : I regret saying some things I should n't have said . CNN : Like ? Bush : Like "  dead or alive , " or "  bring 'em on . " And , by the way , my wife reminded me as president of the United States , you better be careful what you say . I was trying to convey a message . I could have conveyed it more artfully . Being on this ship reminds me of when I went to the USS Abraham Lincoln and they had a sign that said "  Mission Accomplished . " I regret that sign was there . It was a sign aimed at the sailors on the ship , but it conveyed a broader knowledge . To some it said , well , Bush thinks the war in Iraq is over , when I did n't think that . But nonetheless , it conveyed the wrong message . So , there are things I 've regretted . I 've had a lot of reasons to be proud , I guess is the right word . I 'm proud every time I stand in front of the United States military . I am proud to be the commander in chief of people who are so selfless and so courageous that they would volunteer to serve our country in a time of war . I 'm proud when I see people feed the hungry . I 'm proud when I 'm in Africa and see volunteers helping those citizens dying of HIV/AIDS . I 'm proud to know that there are young kids raising money to buy mosquito nets to help fight malaria on the continent of Africa . I can not tell you what an inspiring experience it has been to be the president of this country , because we are a nation full of generous , courageous , decent people CNN : So , after all of this , what is next for you ? Bush : I 'll probably get back and take a deep breath and I have n't had much time to really settle down and figure out what life 's going be like after this . I know I 'm going be in Texas . No doubt I 'm heading straight home . I miss Texas . I love Texas . I 've got lots of friends in Texas . I will probably write a book . I know I 'm going to build a policy institute and a library at Southern Methodist University in Dallas , Texas . And other than that , I 'm not quite sure yet . CNN : Do you have an outline for that book yet ? What 's it going to look like ? Bush : I 'm beginning to think about it , you know . I 'm beginning to think about it . I want people to know what it 's like to make some of the decisions I had to make . What was the moment like . I 've had one of these presidencies where I had to make some tough calls . I want people to know the truth about what it was like sitting in the Oval Office , but it 's going take a lot of thought and a lot of work to get it out and it will be an interesting project .	In CNN interview , president reflects on his term "  Mission Accomplished " banner , "  dead or alive " comment among his regrets He says meeting with Obama was relaxed , Obama will bring sense of family Bush says Texas , book in his post-presidential future
CNN  -- Mali 's prime minister abruptly resigned Tuesday on state television , a day after he was arrested by a group of soldiers loyal to a former coup leader . The development is another blow to the stability of a country once hailed as a model of democracy in Africa , but one derailed by a coup and an uprising of Islamist militants . Cheick Modibo Diarra , a former NASA engineer , who holds U.S. citizenship , was set to fly to Paris for medical care Monday , when he received notice that his bags had been removed from the plane , said a close aide , who did not want to be named . Diarra decided to stay home , where three pick-up trucks with armed soldiers pulled up at 11:00 p.m. and took him away to military headquarters in Kati , five miles north of the capital Bamako , the official said . There he met with former coup leader Capitaine Amadou Sanogo . Armed soldiers brought the former prime minister to broadcaster ORTM around 1 a.m. , said TV technician Adama Haidara . "  Mr. Diarra looked tired , worn out , " he said . The soldiers gave him a statement to read . "  I can not say if he was forced , " Haidara said . "  He looked unharmed . " In his televised appearance on the military controlled broadcaster , Diarra did not offer a reason for his resignation , except for a vague statement that he solemnly delivered . "  Our country Mali is going through the most difficult period in its history , " he said . "  During this time of crisis , the men and women of this country -- uncertain of what is going to happen to their country -- find themselves in an unfortunate situation . "  That 's why I , Cheikh Modibo Diarra , have resigned with all my government , on this day , Tuesday , 11 of December of 2012 . " Diarra 's whereabouts are yet unknown , but his aide believes he is still in Bamako . "  He was not injured when the military arrested him last night , " he said , "  but he has not come into his office today . " "  The arrest was made by a small force loyal to Sanogo , " said army spokesperson Colonel Idrissa Traore . "  The majority of the military officers in Bamako were not informed about the arrest of Mr. Diarra , and no one knows what will happen now , " he said . Mali held its first democratic elections in 1992 after decades of military rule , and had a strong democracy for the most part . That was until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , which it accused of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert in the north . The president disappeared from sight . The Tuareg rebels took advantage of the power vacuum and seized parts of the north . They have always wanted independence , and have staged several rebellions since the 1960s . After Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was killed and Libya plunged into chaos , Tuaregs , who had fought by his side , took weapons to Mali to ramp up their conquest . A power struggle erupted between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals -- including Ansar Dine -- who prevailed and seized control of two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . The international community is also worried that al Qaeda 's north African wing is expanding into Mali . U.S. officials have said that the wing , the al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , is linked to the deadly Benghazi attack that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three others . Tuareg rebels have retreated from the well-armed militants , but have vowed to fight back and establish their own country in the north , which they call Azawad . And as the world seeks a solution , the Islamist militants are busy applying their strict interpretation of sharia law , including the banning of music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also publicly stoned a couple to death in July for reportedly having an affair . Public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhuman punishments are becoming common , the United Nations says . At least four times this year , the militants have destroyed Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines , claiming the relics are idolatrous . The picturesque city was once an important destination for Islamic scholars for its ancient and prominent burial sites and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . West African states and international leaders say a rapid military intervention is essential to solving the security crisis . When soldiers seized the capital , the regional and international powers put pressure on them to restore democratic rule . Sanogo conceded and transferred power to interim President Dioncounda Traore , who was appointed by the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  . Traore appointed Diarra interim prime minister . Traore fled to a Paris hotel after being beaten unconscious in a May 21 attack that occurred in the presidential palace . Prime Minister Diarra took over the country 's leadership until Traore returned . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report	Mali 's interim prime minister was arrested then resigned on television Prime Minister Cheick Modibo Diarra holds U.S. citizenship Troops loyal to the former coup leader made the arrest Diarra 's whereabouts are not known
Internet access in Syria was restored Wednesday after a widespread outage that lasted more than 19 hours . Renesys , an Internet-monitoring company , updated a blog post Wednesday saying that Web service was back in the war-torn country . Other Web-monitoring groups said the same thing Wednesday , including Google , whose Transparency Report documents Internet accessibility around the world . Google removed Syria from its list of countries where service disruptions were ongoing . The Syrian government had said earlier it was working to repair the outage -- something opposition activists suspected could be an ominous sign . Internet connections across Syria went down Tuesday night , according to several global monitoring sites . On Wednesday , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said an optic-cable malfunction caused the outage . A repair was under way to restore services "  as soon as possible , " SANA said , citing communications official Bakr Bakr . Google reported that its services became inaccessible in Syria around 9:45 p.m.  2:45 p.m. ET  Tuesday . The Renesys , Akamai and BGPmon Internet tracking companies also reported the loss of Syrian Internet connectivity at that time . "  It seems Syria has largely disappeared from the Internet , " Dan Hubbard , chief technology officer for Umbrella Security Labs , wrote in a blog post about the apparent outage . For a while , the website for Syria 's state-run news agency and several government websites were not accessible . At one hotel in the capital , employees said the Internet was down "  in the hotel and all of Damascus . " Opposition activists said the communications cutoff could be an ominous sign . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria said the activist network would put "  all responsibility on regime forces for any violation or massacres against civilians . " Hubbard said Syria has a history of Internet outages . "  Although we ca n't yet comment on what caused this outage , past incidents were linked to both government-ordered shutdowns and damage to the infrastructure , which included fiber cuts and power outages , " Hubbard wrote . After a similar situation in November , U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford said Syria had shut down the Internet in the past . "  The Syrian government has been monitoring  the Internet  for years , " he said . "  They have been using the Internet with Iranian assistance to track opposition activists , arrest and kill them . " "  That is the reason why our nonlethal assistance to the Syrian opposition , we put a special emphasis on communications equipment precisely to help the Syrian people tell the world what is going on inside Syria , " he said . Technology has become a key weapon used by both sides of Syria 's civil war to fight for their cause , with opposition activists using social media to report violence and a group of pro-Syrian government hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army targeting major news organizations and activists .	Internet access in Syria was restored Wednesday after a widespread outage The Syrian government had vowed to repair the problem U.S. official : Syria has shut down its Internet in the past Technology has become a key weapon used by both sides of Syria 's civil war
CNN  -- Hours after the arrest of a suspect , thousands of friends , family and fellow officers gathered Saturday to pay tribute to two slain Florida policemen . An emotional funeral unfolded inside a Tampa church as suspect Dontae Morris , arrested on Friday , appeared in court for the first time . He was denied bond , CNN affiliate Bay News 9 reported , and is being held at the Hillsborough County Jail . Morris surrendered after a third party tipped off police , said Police Chief Jane Castor . Police also arrested 22-year-old Cortnee Brantly , the woman believed to have been driving the car at the time of the shooting , Castor said . The arrests came after a massive manhunt and were a relief , Castor said . They meant the department would be able to provide officers Jeffrey Kocab and David Curtis with the honorable tribute they deserve , Castor said . "  This has brought us a sense of closure , and I pray the arrest brings a level of peace to the families of the officers , " she said . At the funeral , Castor spoke of the "  inherently dangerous " nature of law enforcement . "  There are some , " she said , "  who soar in their profession and Officers David Curtis and Jeffrey Kocab operated in this realm . " Bagpipes played "  Amazing Grace " as a procession of uniformed officers and family members filled Idlewild Baptist Church . A riderless horse stood as a powerful symbol of the fallen . The slain officers ' widows sat solemnly in the front row . Curtis left behind his wife , Kelley , and four sons , the youngest only 8 months . Kocab 's wife , Sara , is due to give birth in the next few days . Castor said the two women were supposed to have met for the first time at a party planned for Saturday night . Instead , she said , their lives became inextricably linked Tuesday by tragedy . The Idlewild pastor told the women that what "  we 'd like to do for you , Sara , and you , Kelly , is to give you your men back . " "  We wanted to have a place where we could come under one roof as a city and a family and as friends to mourn , to grieve , to cry , " he said . "  Maybe even to laugh , and to honor those who paid the ultimate sacrifice for us this day . " Morris is accused of shooting the two police officers during an early morning traffic stop near downtown Tampa on Tuesday . Both men died later at the hospital , according to police . Both were 31 years old . Castor said Brantly was arrested by Hillsborough County sheriff 's deputies in Brandon and is facing federal charges of witnessing a felony , and not reporting it . Brantly was questioned by police for several hours immediately after the shooting Tuesday , but was not arrested at that time . Curtis pulled the vehicle over about 2:15 a.m. Tuesday and Brantly gave him identification and vehicle registration that did not match the vehicle , according to police . Running a criminal history check , Curtis found that Morris had an outstanding warrant for a worthless check out of Jacksonville . He called for backup , and Kocab responded . Police said as the two officers tried to arrest the suspect , he pulled out a gun and shot them . After the shooting , Castor called Morris "  a cold-blooded killer . " She reiterated that Friday night . "  I stand by my definition of a cold-blooded killer . Thank God he is behind bars right now , " she said . Mayor Pamela Lorio said she was "  thankful that we have been able to arrest him before the Saturday funeral . Tonight , everyone in Tampa can sleep easier because Dontae Morris is off the street . " The funeral lasted several hours . When it ended those in attendance stood in silence as the coffin-draped caskets were placed into awaiting hearses . And tears mixed with the rain that had fallen .	NEW : Thousands gather to pay tribute to slain officers NEW : Judge denies bond to alleged killer Dontae Morris was arrested Friday Tampa 's police community relieved by arrest
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- A lot of people have been outraged by the gender verification testing that South African athlete Caster Semenya has been put through , and have been trying to be supportive of her ; but in doing so , they often further prejudice against the very thing which she appears to be : intersex . Hida Viloria says she looks forward to a day when intersex conditions like hers are widely accepted . Intersex people  formerly known as hermaphrodites  are those born with bodies that are difficult to classify as either "  male " or "  female . " Since results of Semenya 's tests were apparently leaked , it seems that her body does n't conform to the definition of "  female " as one who has ovaries . I 'm intersex because , while I have ovaries , menstruate and can get pregnant , my genitalia is somewhat male-looking  simply put , I have a clitoris that 's much larger than average . Throughout my childhood , I never thought I was anything other than "  female " because that 's what I was labeled and raised as . While I felt more aggressive than other girls , I did n't think that anything other than male and female could exist . So I just thought of myself as a "  different kind of woman . " Ultimately , my assessment was pretty accurate . I was raised in a strict Catholic home , where nudity and sex talk was unheard of , so having no one to compare my genitals to , I was unaware that mine were different . I 'm very lucky to have escaped the "  corrective " surgeries and/or hormone treatments that are the norm for intersex infants , because my father went to medical school before these practices began  in the mid-late ' 50 's  , and knew that you should n't operate on a baby unless it 's absolutely necessary . Later , when he wanted to give me estrogen pills at puberty to ensure that my body "  feminized "  he told me that the pills were to make me grow taller  , my mother objected , saying it was experimental and that I did n't need it . Thankfully , she won out . Thus , no one ever told me there was anything wrong with my body  that did n't happen until a gynecological visit when I was twenty  , and I grew up loving it just the way it is . I still do . While many doctors would refer to my clitoris as "  grossly enlarged , " I have to tell you , having an overabundance of the only organ in the human body whose sole purpose is pleasure is far from a negative thing ! I came of age sexually with my second boyfriend in high school . I broke up with him because I knew that I preferred girls , but I could n't act on it yet . Once I did , in college , it confirmed that girls were what I 'd always longed for , and it was then that I realized how much my body differed from theirs . ' Still , I had no name for my difference . At the age of twenty-six , I finally discovered I was "  intersex " from a newspaper article . Fortunately , it was not about me specifically but about intersex in general , and I 'm glad that I , unlike Semenya , had time to process the information and come out about it when I was ready to . I still had other issues I was dealing with -- namely : racism and homophobia -- so it took a year for me to embrace this additional minority status . Once I did , it was a positive turning point . I 'd always felt strongly masculine and feminine , and now it made sense why these two presumably "  opposite " traits existed , in me , side by side . I did n't think being intersex was a bad thing to be . I 'd already learned that people can be prejudiced against things they 're unfamiliar with , or are taught to dislike , and that we should n't take on their bigotry . On April 19 , 2002 , I appeared on the television news program "  20/20 " with a prominent urologist and "  expert " on intersex conditions . When asked why he supported "  corrective surgeries " he answered , "  Society ca n't accept people of different colors , and now we 're supposed to accept somebody with genitalia that do n't match what their gender is ? I do not believe this society is ready for it . " Intersex folks are not some new invention that people need to be "  ready for : " we exist and always have . Resistance to accepting us has created the mess that Semenya now finds herself in . If medicine had been more upfront about intersex conditions rather than pretending they 're just male and female as usual , they could have avoided ruining the career of some athletes . Whichever condition Caster Semenya has , she should n't be made to suffer for others ' mistakes . Since infancy , she 's been legally labeled , raised , and accepted as female . To be told that she ca n't compete as one now would be like being a U.S. citizen all your life , but being suddenly denied a passport because somebody decided that the city you were born in is actually , sorry , on the wrong side of the border . For thirteen years I 've been outing myself as intersex just to let folks know we exist , and I 'm happy to say I 've seen progress . I look forward to one day telling my god-daughter about how it used to be for us , and to hearing her say , "  Wow , I ca n't believe some people had problems accepting intersex . Humans can be so weird . "	Intersex writer Hida Viloria shares her experience of growing up intersex Viloria : I found out at age of 26 I was intersex , I think I 'm a different kind of woman Viloria : Since then , I 've been outing myself as intersex just to let folks know we exist
CNN  -- Authorities regained control of a Kentucky prison early Saturday after inmates torched buildings , shattered windows and threw rocks at guards . Inmates set fire to a Kentucky prison on Friday after the warden said he would ease restrictions on a lockdown . Inmates at the medium-security Northpoint Training Center in Burgin started an uprising shortly after the warden announced he 'd ease restrictions on a lockdown , Northpoint Public Information Officer Mendalyn Cochran told CNN . Two inmates were transported to hospitals with chest pains , she said , and there were no reports of hostages taken . The lockdown was instituted Tuesday , after about 10 to 15 inmates assaulted two others in a fight over stolen property , Cochran said . Warden Steve Haney told prisoners about 6 p.m. Friday of his plan to ease the lockdown , but 30 minutes later , fires began to spread through the dorm-styled institution , she said . Inmates were evacuated to the prison yard and authorities threw tear gas over the fence to subdue the prisoners , Cochran said . The damage to the facility was so severe that all the prison 's 1,200 inmates had to be kept outside in a prison yard . "  There are several buildings in the front that will be a total loss , " said Lt. David Jude of Kentucky State Police . An investigation will determine whether criminal charges will be levied against some of the inmates . Burgin is about 40 miles southwest of Lexington . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Guards regained control of Kentucky prison early Saturday after inmate uprising Prison was placed on lockdown Tuesday after fight among inmates Warden planned to ease lockdown when fires broke out in prison
CNN  -- South Korea and the United States postponed joint anti-submarine military exercises due to an approaching tropical storm , U.S. Forces Korea said . The exercises were scheduled to begin Sunday and run through Thursday , the forces said in a statement . Tropical Storm Malou is forecast to arrive in the region Monday . Military officials said the exercise could have gone ahead despite the weather , but safety concerns prompted the postponement . "  Although the alliance is capable of operating in all weather conditions , this decision was made in the interest of safety for the participants , " the U.S. military said in its statement . "  Both high winds and heavy seas would have directly impacted the exercise area and the training objectives . " The exercises will be rescheduled but a new date has not been set , the statement said . U.S. officials have said the naval exercises off the western coast of the Korean peninsula are in response to North Korea 's alleged sinking of a South Korean warship last March . "  We said that we would continue a series of exercises that are defensive in nature , that are designed to send a clear message to North Korea , " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said in August . Tensions between North Korea and South Korea , as well as between North Korea and the U.S. , have escalated since a May report from Seoul , South Korea , blamed the North for the sinking of a South Korean warship in March . The report , whose findings have been endorsed by the U.S. , alleged that a North Korean sub sank the Cheonan warship with a torpedo , killing 46 sailors . North Korea denies it sunk the ship and has sharply criticized the military exercises , describing them as war games conducted under a false pretext . "  The U.S. forces side would be seriously mistaken if it calculates it can browbeat -LSB- North Korea -RSB- through large-scale war exercises , " the state-run KCNA news agency said in July . "  It should immediately stop the -LSB- anti-North Korean -RSB- nuclear war racket . " " -LSB- This -RSB- double-dealing attitude is a dangerous one of driving the situation on the Korean Peninsula to a war phase , " KCNA said .	An approaching tropical storm prompts the two countries to hold off on military training North Korea had blasted the planned maneuvers as war games conducted under a false pretext South Korea accuses North Korea of sinking one of its ships this year
CNN  -- It may not be keeping track of your phone calls , but one government agency may be keeping your garage door shut . A recent radio communications update at the U.S. Army 's Fort Gordon near Augusta , Georgia , reportedly is causing hundreds of nearby residents to have difficulty accessing their garages . The new radio system operates at the same radio frequency needed to operate automatic garage door remotes , the military said . The frequency update caused garage doors to be unresponsive to owner remote controls . Residents report trying several methods , including replacing the remote 's battery , to get the controls to work . The Augusta Chronicle reports that up to 500 residents have put in complaints with the Overhead Door Co. of Augusta because of the sudden malfunction . "  On Sunday , I came home , sat in front of the garage in my car and pressed the remote seven or eight times before the door finally opened , " Jason Milford told the Chronicle . "  I was not even 10 feet away . " The newspaper also noted the new system was installed for updating emergency communications , and that the complaints of nonresponsive garage doors come from up to 15 miles away from Fort Gordon . Fort Gordon is the home of the U.S. Army Signal Regiment and is a site of leading communication development for the Army . It employs 15,717 military and 7,112 civilians and boasts of several partnerships with the Augusta community . However , this incident has frustrated some residents , who complained about the lack of advance notice about the installation . A spokesman from the base said warnings were planned , but the system was up and running quicker than anticipated . "  Fort Gordon intended to conduct widespread public notifications on this transition ; however , testing began earlier than expected , " spokesman Buz Yarnell said in a statement . Yarnell 's statement notes that frequencies between 380 megahertz and 399.9 megahertz have been reserved for government and military uses since World War II , though manufacturers of garage door remotes may choose to use these frequencies if they think there is low risk of interference . As a result , those near military bases may experience interference on occasion . The Federal Communications Commission categorize garage door openers as operating on an "  unlicensed basis " of radio frequencies , the statement said , and must "  accept any interference that may occur from the authorized users of radio frequencies . " The interference is not a cause for safety or privacy concerns ; it will not open garage doors but temporarily keeps the remotes from working . The Augusta paper reported that interference has been reported in other places since 2004 , including California , Connecticut and Texas . For now , residents experiencing interference can wait for Fort Gordon to fix the issue , or shell out $ 150 to $ 500 for new systems that can withstand the interference , according to the paper .	New communication system installed at Fort Gordon near Augusta , Georgia Military : Radio signals interfere with frequency of wireless garage door remote control Some residents complain the base gave no prior notice of possible interference
CNN  -- Look miles into the future and imagine a day , when geneticists can design a flawless set of human genes in a laboratory . That future vision may never arrive , but it has taken a step closer . Scientists have built a designer chromosome and inserted it into a cell , geneticist Jef Boeke from New York University announced this week . The chromosome was a heavily altered version , a departure from its natural counterpart . A team of scientists from around the world made 500 changes to its genetic base . "  When you change the genome , you 're gambling , " said Boeke , who led the project . "  One wrong change can kill the cell . " But the cell survived and made use of its new chromosome . It also reproduced , and subsequent cells carried the new chromosome forward . Actually , make this breakthrough a second step closer to that way-out-there future . Researchers were already able to duplicate a chromosome on a computer four years ago , build it in the lab , insert it into a cell and watch it work . It was a huge advancement that created the first synthetic bacteria cell , scientists said then . But , now , there 's been a leap forward , Boeke said . "  Our research moves the needle in synthetic biology from theory to reality , " he said . It makes scientists more able to alter the design of living things . Meet yeast -- your cousin The new chromosome and the cell Boeke 's scientist built it for are much more complex and are closer to those of a human being . The kind of cell Boeke used ? Brewer 's yeast . Yeast cells , human cells , plant and animal cells have in common that they are "  eukaryotes " -- cells with a nucleus wrapped in membrane . Our chromosomes , which are located in those nuclei , are made of enormously long strings of DNA . They are wound up like twists of yarn that take on that familiar "  X " shape many associate with the genes they contain . And they are called eukaryotic chromosomes . Boeke 's breakthrough represents the first report that a whole eukaryotic chromosome was constructed from scratch , NYU said . Boeke and his team call their new designer chromosome "  synIII . " Mammoth knitting task It took seven years and the help of 60 students to build synIII with the help of computer modeling . Each student put together about 1,000 genetic molecule pairs called "  base pairs " to make strings of DNA . They were joined together to make a genetic strand 273,871 base pairs long . That 's actually shorter than the yeast 's natural chromosome , which contained 316,667 base pairs . And that 's where the design and manipulation come in . Broeke and his team took out 47,841 base pairs that were repeats of other pairs -- along with some "  junk " DNA . The new designer chromosome is a cleaned up , streamlined version of the original . Shuffling the genetic deck Yeast has about 6,000 genes and shares about a third of them with humans , although yeast is a much simpler beast . That makes it easier to study . In fact , its genetics are probably better known than those of any other living thing , NYU said . Although Boeke studies human genetics , too , he is not planning to design a set of synthetic human chromosomes . But he would like to build all 16 required for an entire yeast cell . And he has made some progress already . Students are figuring out how to make DNA strands 10 times as long as the ones they made the first time around . It should speed up production of subsequent chromosomes . Boeke also wants to improve upon the yeast cells in the process , now that his team can shuffle its genes around like cards in a deck . "  It will allow us to ask , can we make a deck of cards with a better hand for making yeast survive under any of a multitude of conditions , such as tolerating higher alcohol levels . " That might make for stronger glass of beer , but it could also have other uses : The new cells could possibly be programmed to "  brew " medicines , vaccines and fuels .	Scientists built a designer chromosome and inserted it into a yeast cell The cell survived , made use of its new genes and reproduced It took seven years and the help of 60 students to build "  synIII " The breakthrough makes scientists more able to design living things
Beijing  CNN  -- For the second time in as many days , an unspecified threat forced a Chinese airline to divert a flight , raising public concern about aviation safety in one of the world 's fastest-growing air travel markets . A Shenzhen Airlines flight en route to southern boomtown Shenzhen from Xiangyang -- a medium-sized city in central Hubei Province -- was diverted Thursday night to the provincial capital , Wuhan , shortly after takeoff , the airline said . "  At 10:29 p.m. on August 30 , 2012 , flight ZH 9706 received threatening information after takeoff , " the airline said in a short statement posted online . "  To ensure safety , this airline diverted the flight immediately and the plane landed safety at Wuhan Tianhe International Airport at 11:22 p.m. Police have been called in to investigate . " Read more : Threats prompt Air China turnaround The airline did not reveal the nature of the threat or the number of passengers and crew members on board . The aircraft type is listed as an Airbus A320 -- which typically seats 150 passengers in a two-class configuration -- in its timetable . An anonymous call containing a threatening message prompted the diversion , the Wuhan airport authority disclosed in a statement released online . State media reported that passengers stayed in Wuhan overnight and would travel to their destination on a new flight Friday . Retweeting the airline statement , many users on Chinese social media sites expressed rising anxiety about flying after two successive incidents and demanded more information from the airlines and authorities . On Wednesday , an unspecified threat forced New York-bound Air China flight CA 981 to return to Beijing seven hours after takeoff , the Chinese flag carrier said . Police found nothing suspicious in their investigation of the plane , the airport authority said in statements posted online . State media also quoted police as saying that the initial warning of the threat came from U.S. authorities , who warned China that dangerous goods that may harm the plane and passengers were on board . The flight took off again at 12:31 a.m. Thursday after a change of crew and arrived in New York at 12:38 a.m. the same day , according to the airline 's website . Beijing-based Air China was also tight-lipped about the nature of the threat and other details . The aircraft involved , a Boeing 747 jumbo jet , seats up to 344 passengers in the carrier 's configuration . Messages and photos posted on Chinese social media sites Wednesday night showed passengers and their luggage being rescreened at the Beijing airport upon landing . One passenger on CA 981 , whose online handle is Kejiwaijiao , said he noticed something was wrong when the flight map on board indicated the plane was headed back to Beijing . When he inquired , he said , flight attendants told him it was a map display error . "  The captain notified us  of the reason  after we safely landed , " he wrote on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . Another passenger , whose Weibo name is Nataliebu , said crew members only told passengers to buckle up and sit tight due to strong air turbulence . On June 29 , passengers and crew members thwarted a hijack attempt on a short-haul flight within the far western Chinese province of Xinjiang . Authorities said six ethnic Uyghur men violently tried to take control of the plane before being subdued . The plane returned to its point of origin safely . Security is usually tight throughout Beijing Capital International Airport , the world 's second-busiest air hub after Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta . More than 78 million passengers passed through the Beijing airport 's three terminals last year .	A Shenzhen Airlines flight was diverted after a threat , the airline said Wednesday , an Air China flight had to divert after an unspecified threat Some Chinese travelers are using social media sites to voice their anxiety
CNN  -- The Boston Bruins put down their hockey sticks on Monday and got decked out "  Frozen " - style for a good cause . Bruins defenseman Dougie Hamilton would never have been Disney 's first choice for Elsa , the cartoon star of the hit "  Frozen " movie . But he and forward Matt Fraser  now known as Elsa 's sister , Anna  brought a bit of Halloween fun to the sick children at Boston Children 's Hospital . Rounding out the cast were Bruins defenseman Kevan Miller  Kristoff  , forward Seth Griffith  Hans  , defenseman Matt Bartkowski  Sven  and defenseman Torey Krug  Olaf  . "  We 're all fans of it . I 've seen the movie , and I 'm a fan so I 'm not going to lie about that , " Hamilton said on the team 's blog . "  It 's fun to be able to be something that 's popular and they all know it and make them smile . " It appears the movie 's hit song "  Let It Go " has even made its way into the players ' song lists . "  I 've heard the song a lot of times , especially with my niece singing , " Krug said . "  I know the lyrics . "	Boston Bruins hockey players dress up "  Frozen " - style for Halloween The team made their annual visit to Boston Children 's Hospital Bruins defenseman Dougie Hamilton was decked out as Elsa A few players knew the words to the movie 's hit song , "  Let It Go "
CNN  -- Issam Al-Chalabi worked as Iraqi oil minister from March of 1987 to October 1990 . He left Iraq shortly after the invasion by Saddam Hussein of Kuwait in August 1990 and retired from government service in 1991 . Since then he has been working as a consultant in Amman , Jordan . John Defterios caught up with Mr Chalabi at the Oil and Money Conference in London this week to ask him about what 's driving surging oil prices , the future of the Iraq Oil Industry , and tensions in the region . Issam Al-Chalabi : None of us had expected that # 93 would be reached so quickly . There had been some speculation that maybe $ 100 is achievable but I think it has happened too fast within the past few weeks . It is related to so many factors , so many elements and so many reasons . You can not just say that it is a result of the value of the dollar . Definitely it is one hell of a factor because the value of the dollar has depreciated compared with six major currencies in the world . John Defterios : But let 's take a look first at demand here . Some economists are scaling down their expectations for growth in the U.S. and in Europe . Is the demand outside of the G8 strong enough to underpin the prices that we see today ? IC : Yes of course , everybody now is talking about the increasing quantities and demand from China and India . China will certainly consume as much oil as the United States , maybe in 2020 . The same thing with India . The rate of growth is increasing tremendously . And there is going to be a strong demand in general , maybe not as much from Europe and the G8 countries , but definitely from the new giants . JD : What is your biggest concern politically in the region right now ? We 're talking about tensions between Turkey and Northern Iraq and the Kurdish region . And you say there is not a lot of production coming out of that area , but the tensions could overspill into Iran . What 's the potential down for here ? IC : I do n't think that the tension between Turkey and the Kurds will have much influence on the price of oil . But Iran , with the question of the nuclear file and the possibility of the U.S. taking military action against Iran , that is a possibility . Why ? Because you have about 18 to 20 million barrels a day that are being exported through the Gulf . And whether Iran blocks the Strait of Hormuz or they retaliate by attacking some oil installations in the region , then you have 18 or 20 million barrels a day off the market . If this happens , do n't be surprised if you reach $ 150 or even $ 200 . JD : In Iraq right now , they 're talking about a national oil law . That 's in draft form . Will that actually be the subject that breaks Iraq apart ? IC : Oil certainly could be one major element . If the politicians who are running the country now go ahead and try to divide the oil wealth among various regions as they had drafted in the revenue-sharing law , then I would say that is going to lead to the break up of the country . JD : Meanwhile we have different regions like the Kurdish region signing contracts with U.S. and European oil companies for production agreements . Will these contracts be recognized in the next year as valid ? IC : They started , or in fact they never stopped , negotiations with a number of companies . So within the last four or five weeks , they have signed five different contracts . One of them is American , and that 's the one that made the news , and that is Hunt Oil . And all these contracts , according to the central government , are illegal . This is because they have not been done with the blessing of the central government . E-mail to a friend	Issam Chalabi was Iraqi Oil Minister between 1987 and 1990 Future demand for oil , he says , will be spurred by growth in India and China Tension between Turkey and Kurds will not have impact on oil prices , he adds But if U.S. takes military action against Iran , oil prices could surge
CNN  -- Whalers from a Japanese coastal town have celebrated the start of this year 's hunting season by slicing up a whale in front of a crowd of school children . In the town of Wada , 62 miles  100 kilometers  south of Tokyo in Chiba prefecture , dozens of 10-year-old students watched Thursday as workers carved up a 30-foot Baird 's beaked whale during an educational field trip , before being served a meal of fried whale meat . Whaling remains a way of life for fishermen in Wada , and they are eager to pass on the trade to the next generation . Children are taught about the history of whaling , the biology of the animals , and how to cook the meat . Whalers say they 've been catching and eating whales in the area for centuries . This year 's hunting season , which began on June 20 , is the first since an international court ordered Japan to end its controversial research whaling expedition in the Antarctic , after failing to find evidence the program had legitimate scientific value . The city of Minamiboso , of which Wada is a part , has one of a handful of ports that is exempt from the ban under a small-scale coastal whaling program . So far this year , Gaibo Whaling Company has hunted six whales in the city 's coastal waters and plans to catch another 24 before the season ends in August . Despite the Antarctic ban and growing pressure from the international community , Japan has continued its northwest Pacific scientific whaling mission . It is also eager to revise its Antarctic program to allow the hunt to continue while satisfying the demands of the U.N. 's International Court of Justice . In Japan 's parliament last month , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he would like the country to resume commercial whaling "  in order to obtain scientific information indispensable to the management of the whale resources . " But environmentalists say Japan 's whaling research program is a thinly veiled attempt to circumvent a ban on the commercial whale meat trade . Patrick Ramage from the International Fund for Animal Welfare believes it 's time Japan moved from killing whales to conserving them . "  Respect for cultural differences is fundamental , but friends of Japan and fans of Japanese culture around the world are watching this with sadness , " Ramage told CNN 's Will Ripley . "  Japanese school children should be meeting whales through whale watching , not eating whale meat , " he said . Japan 's supporters of eating whale meat say that it is a tradition that dates back hundreds of years , and accuses western critics of cultural imperialism . But consumption rates across the country have fallen in recent years , leading to large stockpiles of whale meat . Last month , Japan 's Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries Ministry released a photo of the agriculture minister Yoshimasa Hayashi eating a bowl of whale meat to encourage other Japanese citizen to do the same , and visitors to the ministry were given free samples of the delicacy . In a survey of Japanese people released in April , only 4 % of respondents said they ate whale meat occasionally , compared to 37 % who said they did n't eat it at all . CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report .	Coastal town teaches children about whaling , serves up fried whale meat An international court has banned Japan 's scientific whale mission in the Antarctic Japan is eager to revise and resume the program Despite the ban , small-scale coastal hunts and whaling in northwest Pacific continues
If Cuban intelligence did n't do it , then Sen. Robert Menendez 's legal team has a list of other theories about who was behind a prostitution smear that surfaced in 2012 as the powerful senator ran for re-election . An April letter to the Justice Department lists a litany of possible conspiracies -- in addition to the Cuban spy caper -- behind the mysterious tip that alleged the New Jersey Democrat was a sex tourist who flew to the Dominican Republic to meet underage prostitutes . The letter from Menendez attorney Stephen Ryan to the Justice Department 's public integrity section asks the department to investigate possible "  criminal activity intended " to unseat him "  and to prevent him from becoming chairman " of the Foreign Relations Committee . " Public integrity prosecutors are leading a corruption probe of whether Menendez violated the law in advocating for campaign donors . Ryan declined to make his letter public . But CNN reviewed a copy of it and verified its contents with three sources who have seen it . Cuban intelligence The letter begins by raising the allegation , sourced to an unnamed "  senior government official , " that Cuban intelligence agents may have been behind the smear campaign . But Ryan 's letter also suggests the possibility of a conspiracy either -- knowingly or unknowingly -- between Cuban intelligence and Republican enemies of the senator . Among the other theories : That a former U.S. ambassador with a beef against Menendez was the tipster who called himself "  Peter Williams " and who shopped the prostitution story to news outlets in Washington , a government watchdog group and to the FBI . New Jersey politics Another more complicated theory offered in the letter , citing an unnamed witness : That GOP operative Roger Stone offered the story to the conservative news outlet Newsmax , which refused to publish it . The same witness allegedly claimed that Stone had a goal in mind -- to ensure Gov. Chris Christie could appoint Menendez 's interim successor in the event he had to resign . "  Chris Christie is my ultimate client , " the letter says the witness quoted Stone as saying . Ryan suggests ties to other New Jersey political figures who would want to help sink Menendez 's campaign and notes : "  Governor Christie 's connection to the fraud can be explained from a motive standpoint . " The letter makes no allegation that the governor was part of or even knew of the smear campaign . Stone denied the allegations in a telephone interview with CNN and called them "  patently false . " U.S. officials familiar with the matter told CNN earlier this week that the government was aware of the Cuban espionage allegations and had found no evidence to support it . The Cuban government-run website also dismissed any ties to Cuba . Corruption probe The FBI 's foray into the prostitution allegations dovetailed with a federal investigation focused on a Menendez donor in Florida , who for years has fought allegations that he overbilled Medicare . Investigators soon began looking into Menendez 's relationship with the donor . Menendez 's legal team believes the false prostitution story taints the entire investigation of the senator and wants it looked into further to see where it came from . "  This entire matter began with a campaign of lies to smear Senator Menendez to affect his election and the chairmanship of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , and those lies included a fraud against the government , " Ryan said in a statement . "  The Justice Department has the responsibility to investigate who committed that crime , so when I have received from credible sources information that merited further review , I have sent it to them . We do n't know who was responsible for the smear against Senator Menendez , but it is my hope that the Justice Department will demonstrate some urgency in getting to the bottom of it . "  Whoever perpetuated this fraud against the government to smear a United States Senator and potentially influence U.S. policy should be held accountable to the full extent of the law , " he added . Menendez weighs in Menendez told CNN earlier this week that the Cuban intelligence involvement was plausible . "  Well , let 's put it this way , for 22 years , between the House and the Senate , I have had a firm position in opposition to the Cuban regime that violates the human rights - the democracy of the people of Cuba , " he said . "  I have been outspoken in that regard . And I would n't be surprised that the regime would do anything it can to stop me from being in a position that ultimately would impede their hopes of being able to get a different relationship with the United States based upon their interests , but not the interests of the Cuban people , " he added . Important development Additional content from the lawyer 's letter matters because it casts new light on the Menendez legal team 's efforts to force the government to reexamine the beginnings of their ongoing probe of the senator . The variety of theories offered -- and lack of proof to back them up -- does n't indicate Menendez 's legal team knows what gave rise to the prostitution story . Another letter Ryan sent to prosecutors in January did n't mention the theories . The April letter came at a time when the Menendez probe was intensifying , with investigators using a grand jury to issue subpoenas , according to people familiar with the probe . Any possible charges are n't imminent , according to these people . Should charges ever be brought against Menendez , Ryan 's letter offers a glimpse of at least part of the defense team 's possible strategy . By raising questions about the beginnings of the FBI probe , the defense could attempt to put the government 's own investigation on trial . The letter also shows how a well-funded defense can try to complicate criminal investigations . It 's common for FBI investigations to begin with dead ends before finding a viable prosecutable crime . But most defendants do n't have money to pay for lawyers who can expose those dead ends , and try to make them a liability for prosecutors . The tipster , media coverage The episode began in April 2012 when a tipster calling himself "  Peter Williams " emailed the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a watchdog group , offering to supply evidence that Menendez was involved with underage prostitutes . CREW shared the information with the FBI . An FBI agent in Miami exchanged emails with the purported tipster , but the tipster appeared evasive in emails and would never agree to meet or talk with the FBI agent . After months of investigating , the FBI decided there was n't any merit to the allegation . Reporters at several news organizations in Washington also looked into the allegations , also after receiving emails from a purported tipster , but did n't publish a story . Then in November 2013 , the Daily Caller , a conservative website , ran with the story . By early 2013 the story began falling apart , and the alleged prostitutes who had claimed to be involved recanted their story . Menendez , who is of Cuban descent , won reelection and is now chairman of the Foreign Relations panel , which has given him a perch from which to thwart any Obama administration plans to relax economic sanctions to improve ties with the island 's communist regime . For good measure , Ryan offers one more suggestion to the Justice Department : that a combination of Cuban intelligence tricksters and U.S. political enemies were behind the smear . He writes : "  We encourage the department to show some sense of outrage that a foreign intelligence agency operated by a government that has every reason to harm Senator Menendez to the U.S. has combined with dirty tricks political operatives to successfully use the Department to accomplish its goals . "	First on CNN : Possible conspiracies listed in letter to Justice Department Sen. Robert Menendez was accused of cavorting with prostitutes in the Dominican Republic The alleges surfaced as he ran for re-election , but later discredited by the FBI However , federal authorities have launched a federal corruption investigation
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard says it has linked six bogus Mayday calls for help in Maryland to the same person , and officials are now asking the public for help finding the suspect . Investigators have determined the calls , which began in May and abruptly ended June 1 , came from an area near Little River , Maryland , a small town near Baltimore on the northern tip of the Chesapeake Bay . "  We received two quick ` Mayday , Mayday ' calls each time and when we would engage him he would go silent and say nothing else , " said the Coast Guard 's Jonathan Lindberg . The Coast Guard delayed alerting the public until it was certain the same person was responsible for the phony cries for help , Lindberg said . "  Making false distress calls limits the Coast Guard and our rescue partners ' capabilities to assist those boaters that are in actual emergency situations , " said Capt. Kevin Kiefer , commander of Sector Baltimore . "  Hoax radio calls also place first responders in unnecessary danger as they work to assist the boating public , " Kiefer added in a statement . Dealing with fake distress calls is a chronic problem for the Coast Guard , and the cases prove hard to solve . Tracing radio calls is an imperfect science , and authorities lean heavily on the public for information . In June , a false distress call of a yacht explosion prompted a massive rescue effort off the coast of New Jersey and garnered attention nationwide . As part of the New Jersey investigation , authorities released an audio excerpt from the fake call . On the recording , a male voice is heard saying , "  We have 21 souls on board , 20 in the water right now . I have three deceased on board , nine injured because of the explosion we 've had . I 'm in 3 feet of water on the bridge . I 'm going to stay by the radio as long as I can before I have to go overboard . " Investigators found no evidence of people , a boat or even debris , the U.S. Coast Guard said , but the hunt for the suspect continues . "  It 's still an active investigation , " Charles Rowe of the USCG 's New York office told CNN Thursday . The burden of paying for unneeded search and rescue operations is passed on to taxpayers , and the costs can be massive . "  This guy is spending your money when he 's doing this , " Rowe said . The estimated price of the rescue operation in the New Jersey was $ 300,000 , and the Maryland case is already nearing $ 70,000 . "  It 's dangerous to the boating public , anybody who gets on a boat , and it 's dangerous to first responders , " according to Rowe . The USCG 's New York office told CNN they 've received a steady stream of spurious calls this summer , but nothing out of the ordinary , and none they can trace back to the New Jersey incident . Making a false distress call is a felony with the maximum penalty of six years in prison , a $ 5,000 civil fine and a $ 250,000 criminal fine . Anyone with information is asked to call the Coast Guard 's Investigative Services team .	U.S. Coast Guard says 6 bogus Mayday calls linked to the same person in Maryland Officials are now asking the public for help finding the suspect Investigators say calls began in May and abruptly ended June 1 Investigators : Calls from area near Little River , Maryland , small town near Baltimore
CNN  -- The Afghan government will investigate reports of civilian casualties in a recent NATO bombing , the office of President Hamid Karzai said Thursday . Karzai has appointed a delegation to investigate the bombing in Kunar province . According to reports , four children , a woman and a man were killed in the incident , the president 's office said . NATO forces led by the United States have been battling the Taliban and its al Qaeda allies in Afghanistan for a decade , since al Qaeda 's 2001 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . A U.S. invasion swiftly deposed the Taliban , which had ruled most of Afghanistan before the attacks , but the fundamentalist Islamic movement regrouped as a guerrilla movement battling allied troops and Karzai 's government . Already-strained ties among Pakistan , Afghanistan and the United States were aggravated by a November airstrike that killed 24 Pakistani troops at border posts along the Afghan frontier . Karzai has chafed at American raids that have killed Afghan civilians , while his critics accuse him of overseeing a corrupt administration and a 2010 election that international observers said was riddled with fraud . International troops are scheduled to be withdrawn in 2014 . Karzai said the allied force has been able to provide political stability for Afghanistan over the past 10 years , but security for individual Afghans "  is yet to come . " Afghan civilians have also been killed by militants deploying suicide bombers or roadside bombs .	Some reports say civilians were killed in a recent NATO bombing The Afghan president orders an investigation The incident could put more strain on relations between Afghanistan and NATO forces
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal lost a set for the second straight match at the French Open before recovering to beat another tall , free swinging opponent . But the seven-time champion 's 4-6 , 6-3 , 6-3 , 6-3 win over Martin Klizan of Slovakia took a backseat to Nadal 's post-match comments . He was n't happy with the scheduling of the second-round match and , unusually , criticized tournament organizers . "  I think everybody knows in this room that the schedule of yesterday was wrong , " Nadal told reporters . Nadal was unable to start the match against Klizan on Thursday , as originally planned , because of bad weather . Nadal , though , was unhappy about being scheduled third on Court Suzanne Lenglen while his opponent in the third round , Italian Fabio Fognini , had an earlier start and completed his encounter Thursday . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic , in the same half as Nadal , also had a day off and Roger Federer advanced to the fourth round with a victory over Julien Benneteau . Nadal will have to play back-to-back days in the best-of-five set format , taking on Fognini on Saturday . "  I can not play third after men 's and girls when my possible opponent plays second after girls , " Nadal , who lost the first set of his opener to Daniel Brands , said . "  That 's not fair . And today I was playing almost three hours on court , and my opponent was watching the TV in the locker room . "  So if you told me , ` That 's fair , ' I say , ` That 's not fair . ' The only thing that I can do is be positive , smile , and try to win my match and try to be ready for tomorrow . " Nadal will take comfort in knowing that he beat Fognini , a talented right-hander and former French Open quarterfinalist , 6-1 , 6-3 earlier this month at the Rome Masters . Federer , after taking on two qualifiers in his opening two matches , swept past Benneteau 6-3 , 6-4 , 7-5 . Benneteau -- a winner over Federer this year and a five-set loser to the Swiss at Wimbledon last year -- was bothered by a leg injury . "  He beat me at Rotterdam this year and he was incredibly ready at Wimbledon , " the 17-time Grand Slam winner said . " But he was n't in the best of form today , and you could see that he was a bit hindered by the leg problem he 's had for the past couple of days . " Federer will face another Frenchman in the round of 16 , Gilles Simon , although Gael Monfils ' tournament is over . The exciting Monfils , an upset winner over Tomas Berdych in the first round , blew four match points and fell to Tommy Robredo 2-6 , 6-7  5  , 6-2 , 7-6  3  , 6-2 . For former top-10 player Robredo , a Spaniard who has returned from injury , it marked his second consecutive comeback from two sets down . Serena Williams , again , did n't need to put in the same effort as Robredo . She dropped two games to Sorana Cirstea , lifting her total to six through three rounds . Maria Sharapova , the defending champion , completed a rain-delayed 6-2 , 6-4 win over Wimbledon junior champion Eugenie Bouchard .	Seven-time champion Rafael Nadal loses a set in Paris for the second match in a row Nadal will have to play on consecutive days after his second round match finished Friday Roger Federer advanced in straight sets against Frenchman Julien Benneteau Serena Williams continues to cruise , dropping two games against Sorana Cirstea
Washington  CNN  -- It may be the most overlooked mega-bill of the past 12 months . The nearly $ 1 trillion farm bill received final approval on Tuesday from the Senate , which sent the compromise already passed by the House to President Barack Obama to be signed into law . While it 's called the farm bill , in truth , it 's more of a food bill . It sets five years of eating and farming policy in the United States , including what we grow , what you know about your dinner and how much government spends in the process . It cuts the food stamp program and increases spending on farmers markets . Whatever you think of Congress , this is a bill that deserves some attention . Wal-Mart : Food stamp cuts to hit profits Here 's five lesser-known things the farm bill could mean to you : 1 . You will know a lot more about your meat : How much do you know about the chicken breast you just bought ? Or that ribeye ? This farm bill marks a major decision in the fierce fight over product labeling , by backing a new requirement that pork , chicken or beef sold in the United States must include details on where the animal was born , slaughtered and processed . Take a look at a package of meat in the store tonight and you 'll see it . That information has been on labels since the fall . But Canadian and Mexican meat producers have fought the new U.S. labeling rule in world courts and furiously tried to have it reversed by the farm bill . In the final days of negotiations , lawmakers decided to keep the meat labeling rule . So if your meat is from the U.S. or if it was ever handled in Mexico , Canada or Australia , you 'll know . 2 . Farmers will see less risk ; federal government takes on more : The bill dramatically changes 82 years of agricultural subsidies , ending guaranteed payments that farmers receive regardless of their harvest quality or crop prices . But , because those "  direct payments " have been in place for generations , many farm values became based on the expectation of government dollars . Ending them could have wide-ranging effects . To try and mitigate the hit , the farm bill beefs up a different kind of subsidy -- a subsidy for crop insurance . This is complex , but in short , the government will make crop insurance cheaper and it will pay out some benefits at lower levels than previously . That will make farming less risky for some . But it transfers that risk to the federal government , which could be even more on tap if crop prices plummet or if a disaster hits . Good for farmers , risky for the deficit . 3 . Lawmakers are n't disclosing something : Just like any farmer , members of Congress who own farmland can receive the crop insurance subsidies we talked about above . This can significantly cut premiums and save a bundle of money . The Republican House initially thought it was a good idea to know who in Congress would benefit from those subsidies and the original version of the bill included a requirement that lawmakers disclose if they or anyone in their immediate family receive the government help . But the Senate did not include the provision and in the end the House and Senate agreed to drop it . Lawmakers could have opted for a higher standard of transparency either for themselves or for everyone receiving these subsidies , but instead the public will have no way of discovering where this money flows . Bill trims $ 90 a month from food stamps 4 . We have land problems : The race to scoop up recent farming profits , especially in corn , has led to increased plowing of virgin lands in the United States . At the same time , rural areas face more soil erosion and other issues from land that has been worked for generations . The farm bill does something new on both issues . It forces farmers who want subsidies to follow a series of conservation practices . And it aims to protect more prairie land by cutting subsidies in half for people who farm on some virgin sod . Environmentalists have applauded the provisions , but are n't doing back flips . They note that the bill cuts direct spending on government conservation programs overall . 5 . What goes in your body -- corn and sushi : The farm bill decides which crops the U.S. government wants to encourage or protect . It gives incentives to grow more of them . The most subsidized crops in this  and in most farm bills of the past  are the so-called "  row crops , " things like wheat , soy , and the king of American agriculture , corn . These subsidies are one reason corn will remain one of the country 's most reliable sources of food , from cattle feed to soda sweetener . The green and yellow vegetable will be a major part of your life for the foreseeable future . At the same time , this bill adds a few new winners to the list of subsidized row crops , among them sushi rice . If sushi rice prices fall too low , the government will now make up the difference . The possible result of that ? More farmers will consider planting the crop . And there will likely be more American sushi rice to go around .	NEW : The Senate passes the nearly $ 1 trillion farm bill on Tuesday It sets five years of eating and farming policy in the United States It cuts the food stamp program and increases spending on farmers markets Continued subsidies ensure corn remains one of the country 's most reliable sources of food
CNN  Marathon peace talks aimed at ending the bloody crisis in eastern Ukraine concluded Thursday in a breakthrough : A ceasefire that 's due to start Sunday and an agreement for both sides to pull back heavy weapons . If the ceasefire holds -- which is far from certain -- it could end a 10-month conflict that has claimed more than 5,000 lives , many of them civilians , and plunged East-West relations to their lowest point since the end of the Cold War . "  We had just two options : bad , and worse . So we decided at this particular period of time to get the bad option . Probably this option will save the lives of Ukrainian soldiers , and I hope this option will save lives of Ukrainian civilians , of innocent people , who are under a constant shelling of Russian-led terrorists , " Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said . "  It 's better to have this new deal rather than not to have  it  . But we do not trust any words or any papers . We are to trust only actions and deeds , " he said . The White House issued a statement with a tone of guarded optimism . "  The United States welcomes the agreement reached today in Minsk . ... " it said . "  The agreement represents a potentially significant step toward a peaceful resolution of the conflict and the restoration of Ukraine 's sovereignty . " The statement urged that all parties take "  immediate , concrete steps " to fulfill their commitments . "  Heavy weapons must be withdrawn from the conflict zone , and Russia must end its support for the separatists and withdraw its soldiers and military equipment from eastern Ukraine , " the statement said . Addressing reporters after the four-way overnight talks in Minsk , Belarus , Russian President Vladimir Putin said all parties had agreed to the ceasefire starting February 15 and called for restraint in the interim . "  I call on both sides to end the bloodshed as soon as possible " and come to a real political solution to the conflict , he said . Putin said both sides have agreed to pull back heavy weapons . The talks between Russia , Ukraine , France and Germany took so long , he said , because authorities in Kiev still refuse to have direct contact with separatists . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , speaking alongside French President Francois Hollande , said more work remained to be done , but "  what we have on the table gives us great hope . " The agreement may not be perfect , she said , but it has provided a chance to improve matters in eastern Ukraine and is "  clearly preferable to the situation if we had done nothing . " Merkel said Putin would be talking to separatist leaders about the deal . They were expected to travel to Moscow on Thursday to meet with Russian lawmakers . Meanwhile , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko headed to Brussels , Belgium , to brief European leaders on the situation . Both Hollande and Merkel paid tribute to his efforts on behalf of Ukraine in the talks . European Council President Donald Tusk said the agreement was "  welcome news and gives hope " but that hope was not enough . "  The real test is the respect of the ceasefire on the ground , " he said . He added that after speaking with Merkel , his feeling was "  that we should remain extremely cautious . " Said one young man in Kiev , who recently signed up to fight pro-Russian rebels : "  I do n't believe in the agreement at all . We 've signed agreements in the past and all of them were breached . " In a televised statement , two separatist leaders , Igor Plotnitsky , of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People 's Republic , and Alexander Zakharchenko , of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , indicated they supported the deal . "  We must give Ukraine this chance , " said Plotnitsky , adding that the peace plan envisages constitutional reforms that will protect the rights of people in eastern Ukraine and change Kiev 's approach . Zakharchenko said any violations of the terms agreed to so far , with further talks still needed on some points , would mean no more deals . "  All responsibility for any violation of the agreement is on Petro Poroshenko , " he said . A previous ceasefire deal , agreed to on September 19 , also in Minsk , broke down amid continued fighting . It called for a drawback of heavy weapons , greater autonomy in the eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions and a buffer zone along the Russia-Ukraine border . The Kremlin released details of the new agreement , which is similar in part to the September deal , on its website , but it 's still unclear how elements of it will work . The points include : • An immediate and comprehensive ceasefire in parts of Donetsk and Luhansk starting at midnight on February 15 . • The withdrawal of all heavy weapons by both parties at equal distances in order to create a security zone width of at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  from each other for artillery systems and more for longer-range weapons . The ceasefire line for the Ukrainians is the current front line and for the separatists it 's the front line as it was at the time of the previous deal on September 19 . • This process should begin no later than the next day after the ceasefire and should be over within 14 days . • The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which has a monitoring team in Ukraine , will monitor the ceasefire line and withdrawal of heavy weapons . • A dialogue on new local elections and the special status of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions will begin the day after the withdrawal . • A law will be created to give amnesty to people involved in events in Luhansk and Donetsk . • Both sides must ensure the release and exchange of all hostages and illegally held prisoners by no later than the fifth day after the withdrawal . • Social payments such as pensions should be restored , and Ukrainian authorities should regain full control of the banking system in conflict-affected areas . • Full control of the border will be restored to the Ukrainian government , beginning the day after local elections are held . • Withdrawal of all foreign troops and military equipment from Ukraine , including mercenaries , and the disarmament of militia groups . German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier voiced cautious optimism after Thursday 's deal , which came after 17 hours of talks . "  We have not achieved everything , but at least there is a ceasefire . This also includes agreements on securing the eastern borders of Ukraine , elections and the exchange of prisoners , " he said in a statement . "  It is a chance to move away from escalation and towards political momentum . " In a joint declaration , released by the German government , the four leaders stated "  their full respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine " and that they "  firmly believe that there is no alternative to an exclusively peaceful settlement . " The leaders "  will use their influence on relevant parties " to ensure the package of measures are put in place , the declaration said . "  Leaders share the conviction that improved cooperation between the EU , Ukraine and Russia will be conducive to the crisis settlement , " it added . To that end , the three parties will hold further talks on energy supply and a possible free trade deal between Ukraine and the European Union , which is of concern to Russia , it said . The question of Ukraine 's territorial integrity and sovereignty was a key issue going into the talks . Russia annexed its southeastern Crimea region last spring , shortly before separatists in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions declared their independence from Kiev , triggering months of conflict . "  Ukraine will always be a unitary state . No federalization whatsoever ! #UnitedForUkraine , " Poroshenko tweeted after the deal was announced . In a post on his Facebook page , he said that "  we did not agree to a single ultimatum " and that the ceasefire would be implemented regardless of any previous agreements . "  For the successful reform we need just one precondition : peace . And we tried to do our best to make Ukraine a successful state , peaceful , reliable with a very strong European aspiration , " the Ukrainian president later told reporters in Brussels . The German - and French-led peace initiative was prompted by worsening fighting between separatists and Ukrainian government forces in recent weeks , threatening not only the lives of more civilians , but the stability of the region . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh in the Donetsk region said separatist fighters that his team spoke to had learned of the ceasefire deal from CNN -- and were highly skeptical of any promises made . The noise of shelling could still be heard Thursday , and there was no obvious change in the tempo of the combat , he said . A separatist fighter who spoke to CNN in Dukuchayevsk , not far from Donetsk city , said : "  Ukrainians wo n't have a ceasefire . Ukraine armed forces , I mean . We can resolve this conflict only one way : Ukraine withdraws its armed forces from the territory of the Donetsk Republic . That 's the only possible way . " "  How can we talk to them ? " asked another fighter . "  Only with this , " he said , slapping his weapon . It 's possible the separatists may seek to seize further territory before Sunday . Since the Ukrainian forces have to withdraw their weapons from the current front line as the ceasefire comes into effect , the separatists stand to keep hold of significant territory they 've won in recent weeks . A spokesman for the National Defense and Security Council of Ukraine told CNN on Thursday that two Ukrainian soldiers had been killed and 21 injured in the past 24 hours . Russian tanks , rocket launchers and armored personnel carriers had also crossed the border from Russia into Ukraine overnight , he said . Russia has steadfastly denied accusations that it is sending forces and weapons into Ukraine . But top Western and Ukrainian leaders have said there is n't any doubt that Russia is behind surging violence and separatists ' efforts to take over territory in eastern Ukraine . Meanwhile , International Monetary Fund director Christine Lagarde on Thursday announced a new IMF bailout package that 's worth $ 17.5 billion over the next four years . It has still to be approved by the board of directors . "  Over the past year , despite the challenging environment , the Ukrainian authorities have clearly shown their commitment to ambitious reform on several key fronts , " Lagarde said . These include strong fiscal discipline and moves to strengthen anti-corruption measures . The deal replaces a separate $ 17 billion bailout agreed to last year by the IMF . Only $ 4.5 billion of those funds were distributed , bringing the IMF 's total commitment to $ 22 billion . The crisis in Ukraine , which stemmed from a trade agreement , has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes , according to the United Nations . CNN 's Khushbu Shah , Matthew Chance , Frederik Pleitgen , Emma Burrows , Alla Eshchenko , Brian Walker and Tatyana Drotenko contributed to this report .	"  We had just two options : bad , and worse , " the Ukrainian PM tells CNN A German government spokesman says the deal , reached after 17-hour talks , is a "  reason for hope " The deal includes a ceasefire to begin Sunday and the withdrawal of heavy weapons
CNN  -- When designer Sam Lessin started working at Facebook he wanted to make a point . So he printed his Facebook profile page and stretched it out in the company 's California offices . There it was , multiple years of his life , on a scrolling piece of paper . A story big enough to cross the room . It 's a story you 'd never see on Facebook.com , he argued , since pretty much all the status updates and photos he 'd posted over the years were hidden beneath a gray button at the bottom of the page : "  Older Posts . " "  All of the stories you 've shared over time just fall off a cliff at the bottom of your  Facebook  wall and effectively disappear , " company CEO Mark Zuckerberg said on stage at an event for Facebook app developers in San Francisco , where this story was retold . That , in a nutshell , is why Facebook on Thursday unveiled a completely rethought version of its profile pages : To surface all the events and stories that are hidden from view because they happened too long ago . The fact that this is even something up for discussion is significant . Facebook , as The Atlantic 's Rebecca Rosen pointed out , is trying to be the "  forever " social network . All its predecessors , from Friendster to MySpace , vanished almost as quickly as they appeared . Now Facebook is saying it wants to be the website where you document the most important events of your entire life , presumably from birth to death , not just this year or next . That 's something audacious and new in this ephemeral era of social networking . The vehicle for this lifelong sharing , according to Facebook , is called "  Timeline . " "  We wanted to design a place that feels like your home , " Zuckerberg said on stage Thursday , wearing a gray T-shirt and one of those ear-clip headsets you see on Old Navy employees . "  Where you tell your story online is really personal . You invest a lot of time in it and you curate it . You link to it and you tell all your friends to find you there . So we wanted to make Timeline a place you 're proud to call your home . So Timeline is a completely new aesthetic from Facebook ... so you can express who you really are . " Or , more succinctly : "  Timeline is the story of your life , " Zuckerberg said . In the coming weeks , Facebook is going to start replacing peoples ' profile pages with a new blog-like template , where photos and check-ins and status updates are strung along the backbone of chronology -- days , months and , here 's the big leap , years . The site 's users can customize this page as they 'd like , clicking a heart button to make photos appear at double their normal size , for example , or deleting catty comments from ex-boyfriends or girlfriends . Facebook 's robots take care of the rest . The site 's equations prioritize your memories , letting the stuff they determine to be insignificant fade into the recesses of time , and shining a digital light on moments they determine to be the most life-alteringly crucial . This goes all the way back to birth . When the 27-year-old Zuckerberg unveiled this page design , he scrolled to the bottom of his Timeline and there it was : a photo of him as a baby . It was as if he was hinting at a future when a person 's entire existence could be cataloged and preserved , all on Facebook.com . That sparked some chatter online . "  So it 's easier for kids to put more of their lives online that they 'll regret later in life , " tech analyst Michael Gartenberg wrote on Twitter . Anyone who has friends of a child-bearing age likely realizes that many kids already have Facebook pages almost from birth -- or , at the very least , their early lives are detailed on their parents ' pages . Timelines , which highlight all of a Facebook user 's years , may make this even more apparent . Furthermore , as Douglas Crets at the blog ReadWriteWeb says , those of us who crossed out of infancy before the dawn of Facebook could use Timelines to recreate our pasts on the social network : "  This new format allows you to go back in time to periods in your life that happened before there was a Facebook , making your Facebook profile into a graphically intense version of your entire life , " he wrote . TechCrunch called the Timeline "  the story of your life on a single page . " If you want it to be . Bill Barol at Forbes wrote that Facebook users should be skeptical of this concept : "  The news is n't that Facebook has figured out a new way to package your life and present it back to you , " he wrote . "  The news is that no one blinks at the notion of a giant company being the custodian of your memories . At least that 's what Facebook is banking on . Timeline is your life , their way . "  That is , if you want to fill in the details . "	Mark Zuckerberg unveils new profile pages called "  Timelines " The aim : For people to document their entire lives on one page Facebook CEO : "  We wanted to design a place that feels like your home " Forbes writer : Facebook users should be skeptical of concept
CNN  -- A town engulfed by fighting in South Sudan remained tense Thursday as peacekeepers and police deployed patrols and "  a significant number " of people who had fled to safety stayed at a U.N. base , officials said . The discord erupted in Wau , the capital of Western Bahr el-Ghazal state in the newly independent country . The violence reflects the growing pains of the new nation , which became independent from Sudan last year . The unrest started last week after a decision to switch the seat of the local government headquarters from Wau to nearby Bagarre stirred anger , government spokesman Barnaba Marial Benjamin told reporters in the national capital , Juba , on Thursday . Security forces killed 10 people amid rioting . Demonstrators attacked a bank and others businesses Saturday and Sunday , he said . Relatives of those killed abducted 28 farmers thought to be aligned with the state government , Benjamin said . The discovery of the bodies of six of the farmers spurred more violence Wednesday . There was no official word on the number of people killed Wednesday . It is believed at least two people died in the violence , but some news outlets reported higher tolls . Peacekeepers with the U.N. Mission in South Sudan saw fires and a few hundred young people carrying sticks , spears and machetes , U.N. officials said . The mission deployed peacekeepers and armored personnel carriers to secure Wau 's airport and patrol in and around the city . About 5,000 people , mostly women and children , escaped the fighting and sought protection at a local base of the U.N. mission in Wau , officials said . "  Earlier today , many of those who sought U.N. protection and stayed overnight left the base to inspect their homes -- a significant number of civilians , mainly women , children and the elderly , remain in the U.N. base and continue to be protected , " said U.N. spokesman Eduardo Del Buey at U.N. headquarters in New York . "  The U.N. mission continues to safeguard the airport and has conducted patrols to assess the situation in the city and affected outlying settlements , " Del Buey told journalists . "  The mission is also redeploying additional peacekeepers to Wau in order to assist in the protection of civilians . " Del Buey said the U.N. Mission in South Sudan is urging authorities and community leaders to "  exercise restraint and engage in peaceful dialogue in order to prevent a further deterioration of the fragile situation . " Peacekeepers are working closely with South Sudan -- which has sent more police to Wau and is investigating the violence , officials said . South Sudan is the world 's newest country . It became independent six years after the signing of a peace deal that ended the war between northern and southern Sudan . Journalist Jared Ferrie and CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	A decision to switch a local government headquarters stirs anger Several thousands fled to safety at a U.N. base South Sudan is the world 's newest country
Washington  CNN  -- A commission set up to assess national security measures on Tuesday gave the U.S. government a failing grade in improving response time to a biological attack . "  Nearly a decade after September 11 , 2001 , one year after our original report , and one month after the Christmas Day bombing attempt , the United States is failing to address several urgent threats , especially bioterrorism , " said former Sen. Bob Graham , chairman of the commission . "  Each of the last three administrations has been slow to recognize and respond to the biothreat . But we no longer have the luxury of a slow learning curve , when we know al Qaeda is interested in bioweapons , " Graham said . "  The assessment is not a good one , particularly in the area of biological threats , " the report by the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism said . "  While the government has made progress on preventing such attacks , it is simply not paying consistent and urgent attention to the means of responding quickly and effectively so that they no longer constitute a threat of mass destruction , " the report said . The government barely got a passing grade on oversight of high-containment laboratories . The commission , headed by Graham , a former Democratic senator from Florida , and Jim Talent , R-Missouri , also gave the government failing grades in congressional oversight and in producing the next generation of security experts . Read the report card  PDF The delayed response to the H1N1 influenza outbreak demonstrated the United States was "  woefully behind " in its ability to produce needed vaccinations and treatments rapidly , the commission said . "  H1N1 came with months of warning , " the commission 's report said . "  But even with time to prepare , the epidemic peaked before most Americans had access to vaccine . A bioattack will come with no such warning . " The commission was set up after Congress passed a bill in 2007 to implement recommendations of the 9/11 Commission . The commission submitted its report with new recommendations in December 2008 , predicting that terrorists would use a weapon of mass destruction -- likely biological -- by 2013 unless the global community quickly launched a forceful strategy to prevent it . The report card released Tuesday is a follow-up to that report , called "  World at Risk . " Congress took its lumps in the report as well , especially on its oversight of national security issues . "  Congress has failed to take even the relatively easy first steps to consolidate oversight authority of the Department of Homeland Security , " the commission said . "  The estimated number of committees and subcommittees that oversee DHS ranges from 82 to 108 . Virtually no progress has been made since consolidation was first recommended by the 9/11 Commission in 2004 . " Both Congress and the administration were faulted for not funding recruitment and training programs for national security experts . The government got an "  incomplete " for its work on implementing a comprehensive nuclear policy toward Pakistan -- meaning that not enough time had elapsed to give a grade . Other areas in nuclear proliferation , including working with Russia , got middle-of-the-road grades . "  President Obama has undertaken substantial effort to bolster the nonproliferation regime , " the commission said . "  From his April 2009 speech in Prague to his chairmanship of a United Nations Security Council meeting on the subject and plans for a Global Summit on Nuclear Security , he is attempting to bend current trend lines . " But the commission said that it has concerns "  regarding the administration 's failure to prevent the lapse of verification mechanisms established under the -LSB- Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty -RSB- . Ensuring their continuation was very important and insufficient attention was paid to it . " The commission handed out "  A " grades for integration of the National Security and Homeland Security councils , designation of a senior adviser for WMD proliferation and terrorism , and development of a national strategy for bioforensics .	Nation ill-prepared for biological attack , commission report says Congressional oversight process too cumbersome , report finds U.S. failing to produce new generation of security experts , according to report Integration of councils , naming of WMD adviser earn better grades
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- The Cairo Criminal Court approved a freeze on the assets of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and upheld a travel ban against him Tuesday as the nation moves forward in pressing corruption charges against the ousted leader . Mubarak 's attorney , Samir Shishtawi , said he has filed an appeal . Egypt 's Supreme Court is considering lifting the secret status that shields Mubarak 's accounts and holdings , which could potentially unleash a flood of information . Mubarak , who is believed to be living at his residence in the Red Sea resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh , is wanted for questioning in a corruption case . Attorney General Abdel Maguid Mahmoud issued an order freezing the assets of Mubarak and his family on February 28 and prohibited them from leaving the country . Mahmoud ordered the freeze for property owned by Mubarak , his wife , Suzanne , his two sons Alaa and Gamal Mubarak , and their wives and children , state-run EgyNews reported . The seizures include "  movable properties , real estate , stocks , bonds and various financial assets . " It was n't immediately clear how the order differed from an earlier order . Mubarak , through his attorneys and in official filings , has described reports of immense wealth as "  fabrications and baseless rumors . " Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protests against his rule . Egyptian politician Mustafa Bakri , who has led the fight to press corruption charges against Mubarak , said he believes the former president will stand trial . Bakri , a member of Egypt 's parliament who lost his seat after filing corruption cases against various officials , provided documents indicating Mubarak 's family has secret bank accounts totaling more than 200 million Egyptian pounds  $ 147 million  , according to EgyNews . "  This is the second stage of the revolution , " Bakri told CNN . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Cairo 's Criminal Court approved the freezing and seizure of Mubarak 's assets He is expected to be brought to Cairo for questioning Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protests against his rule
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government , Israel 's President said in a news release Monday . Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin 's Jerusalem home Monday . "  We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government , " Netanyahu told Rivlin , according to a statement . "  However , I require additional time in order for the government to be stable and so that we might reach agreement on important issues that will aid us in meeting the challenges facing the State of Israel . " Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days , according to Israeli law . "  I wish you success in your work , " Rivlin told the Prime Minister , according to a statement . "  The entire people of Israel hope that a government will be established ; indeed , a transition government has not received the confidence of the Knesset and is viewed by the public as needing to be dealt with . I hope that in the coming days you will succeed in forming a stable government for the State of Israel . " Last month , Netanyahu 's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , giving its leaders the first chance at forming a coalition government . The Zionist Union came in second , with 24 seats .	Israeli law says the Prime Minister must form his government in less than 42 days Netanyahu cites government stability and reaching "  agreement on important issues " as reasons he needs additional time
CNN  -- Legendary singer Etta James has been hospitalized with a blood infection , her son told CNN Friday . Sametto James said his 73-year-old mother was admitted to a hospital in Southern California on Monday due to a urinary tract infection that led to sepsis . She remained in the hospital Friday , he said . "  She 's doing a little bit better , but she 's not out of the woods quite yet , " Sametto James said . Etta James , best known for her 1961 hit "  At Last , " was hospitalized in 2010 due to a dangerous staph infection . She was diagnosed in 2009 with Alzheimer 's disease . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Etta James ' son says she was admitted to a hospital on Monday A urinary tract infection she was suffering from led to sepsis
Beijing  CNN  -- Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin arrived in Beijing Tuesday , kicking off a two-day visit to China , his first state visit since announcing his intention to contest the Russian presidency next March . Aside from meeting his counterpart Chinese premier Wen Jiabao in the 16th Regular Meeting between the two Prime Ministers , Putin will also meet with Chinese President Hu Jintao and other Chinese leaders . Talks are expected to include negotiations on a natural gas deal worth $ 1 trillion that has been stalled by disagreements over price . The deal would see Russia supply China with up to 68 billion cubic meters of gas every year . "  If the deal can be reached , the trade volume will increase significantly , and this will change the fact that the economic cooperation between the two countries lags behind the political cooperation , " said Zhao Huasheng , director of the Center for Russia and Central Asia Studies at Fudan University . "  Together with cooperation in other economic fields , China and Russia will become real strategic partners in economic terms . " Putin 's arrival in Beijing comes less than three weeks after he announced his bid to reclaim the Russian presidency next year . "  The fact that Putin may become next Russian president indeed adds some political color to this visit , and its impact on bilateral relation will definitely go beyond the impact of a regular state visit , " Zhao said . "  The meeting to some extent will set the keynote for the China-Russia relation in future . It can be described as the start of China-Russia relation in ` new Putin era ' , " he added . Experts say economic cooperation between the two countries will dominate the meeting agenda . "  Since this is mainly a meeting between the two premiers , this visit will be mainly about expanding the economic cooperation and improving trade structure , " said Jiang Yi , vice director of Research Center for Russian Diplomacy at China Academy of Social Science , the country 's top think tank . Recent years have seen a steady increase in trade volume between the two countries . According to the Chinese Ministry of Commerce , bilateral trade volume in the year to July increased by 37.4 % to a record $ 42.2 billion compared to the previous year . The ministry forecasts that the bilateral trade volume will reach a new record in 2011 , in excess of $ 70 billion . Among all the economic agendas , energy cooperation stands out as the main focus between Russia , a major energy exporter , and China , the world 's biggest energy consumer , according to a 2010 report from the International Energy Agency . According to the Chinese Foreign Ministry , during Putin 's visit , Chinese vice Premier Wang Qishan will hold an energy negotiation meeting with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin . "  Chinese-Russian energy cooperation is an important part of the two countries ' strategic partnership , " said Liu Weimin , spokesperson of Foreign Ministry , on Monday during a regular press conference . Putin brings with him to China a group of 160 business leaders , including the CEOs of Russian energy giants Gazprom , Rosneft and aluminum producer UC RUSAL .	Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin arrives in Beijing on two-day visit Talks expected to include negotiations on natural gas deal worth $ 1 trillion Experts say economic cooperation will dominate the meeting agenda Marks Putin 's first state visit since announcing his intention to contest Russian presidency
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is calling for fresh volunteers in a months-long war with rebels attempting to bring about an end to his 42-year rule -- and women of all ages are answering , CNN has learned . Women from in and around Gadhafi 's stronghold of Tripoli have been traveling south to a training facility in Bani Walid to practice with weapons , a common sight in a country where young girls receive military training in schools . As NATO 's airstrikes crossed the 100-day mark and rebels continue to fight to oust Gadhafi , he is tapping everything and everyone in his arsenal to hold on to power . At the training facility in Bani Walid , women are training to "  defend Moammar and the country , " said Sgt. Faraj Ramadan , a woman who is training other women to properly handle weapons . "  They train to use it , assemble it and take it apart , and to shoot , " she told CNN recently . "  They were trained and got excellent scores . " At a recent graduation at the facility , 40-year-old Fatima Masoud said she liked the training . She said she left her textile job every day at 4 p.m. to train . "  I liked training and defending my country , and now I 'm am training women from all ages to use weapons , " she said . It is unclear how many have answered Gadhafi 's call or how many had graduated from the program at Bani Walid . But women are fighting alongside government forces . A woman , who did not want to identified , fresh from the frontlines , attended the graduation . She was still wearing a cannula in her wrist . "  Do not underestimate any woman in Libya , whether old or young , " the woman said . "  The woman is still able to perform more than you think . " Gadhafi 's government claims it has handed out more than a million weapons to civilians since the uprising began . CNN can not independently verify the claim .	Women in Libya are training to defend Moammar Gadhafi 's regime Women training with weapons is not an uncommon sight in Libya Masoud : "  I liked training and defending my country "
Dickson , Tennessee  CNN  -- The last time Sonya 's adoptive parents heard her voice , the girl was begging to return to the only home she 'd ever known . "  What did you say , baby doll ? " asks Kim Hodgin , in a recording of the phone call . "  I want to you to come and get me , " responds Sonya . She describes her biological father 's home as dirty , with mold and cigarettes everywhere . The girl complains he does n't have clean water , but says he 's being nice to her . Her adoptive father tells Sonya everything is going to be OK . "  You just stay strong , " says Dave Hodgin . ` He 's a total stranger ' That call took place January 30 , one day after Sonya was removed from the Hodgins ' home in Tennessee . Sonya , now 9 , had been in the Hodgins ' care since before she was 2 , and was adopted by the family in 2008 . Before the adoption was finalized , her birth father pleaded guilty to transporting firearms -- a felony -- and was sentenced to 15 years in federal prison . Under Tennessee law , his parental rights were automatically terminated because state law does not allow anyone incarcerated for more than 10 years to have rights to a child under the age of 8 . However , her birth father later cut a deal using information he had about a homicide . His sentence was reduced to just 7Â 1/2 years , allowing John McCaul to assert his parental rights and fight to reverse the adoption . "  She 's never laid eyes on this man . He 's a total stranger , " said Kim Hodgin . Nevertheless , a court reversed Sonya 's adoption in November 2009 . The girl continued to live with the Hodgins as both sides fought for custody . Nearly five years later , a judge ruled Sonya should return to her biological father . Three hours after the ruling , she was gone . "  Sonya 's crying her eyes out . Screaming bloody murder , ` Please do n't let them do this , Daddy , please , Mama , do n't let 'em take me , ' " said Dave Hodgin . "  They took her bags , and that 's the last that I 've seen her , " said Kim Hodgin . A father 's fight Sonya now lives in Omaha , Nebraska -- a world away from the 40-acre farm she called home in Tennessee . CNN went to Omaha , hoping McCaul would answer questions about his daughter and his past . He said he would be open to an interview and to check with his lawyer . But his attorney said -- for now -- McCaul is forbidden by the Tennessee Department of Children 's Services to speak publicly about the case and about his daughter . A spokesman for DCS released a statement . "  So many times , foster parents come to love the children who stay in their homes , " Rob Johnson said . "  We see that every day in Tennessee . But we have to remember that the law is clear : Birth parents have the right to raise their children , and that the court system , where the final decision rests , is there to take all sides into account . " The Hodgins have filed a petition in Tennessee asking a judge to return Sonya , based on what they say is her best interest . A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday . "  Despite repeated efforts by the foster family to terminate this child 's father 's rights , his parental rights have never been successfully terminated , and his daughter has now been returned to his care , " said Lynn Coffinberry , McCaul 's Tennessee lawyer . Biological dad returns 4-year-old to adoptive parents After boy 's death , Russian official calls for ban on adoptions	Sonya was adopted by the family she grew up with in Tennessee She now lives in Nebraska with her biological father "  The law is clear : Birth parents have the right to raise their children , " spokesman says
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran will not send a ship carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza as it had planned to do on Thursday , according to a report from the official news agency of Iran . The Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Hossein Sheikholeslam , secretary-general of the International Conference for the Support of the Palestinian Intifada , as saying : "  The Iranian ship carrying humanitarian aid will not go to Gaza . " IRNA said that Sheikholeslam told reporters in the northern city of Rasht that the ship had originally been scheduled to depart for Gaza on Thursday , but that its departure was postponed until Sunday because of restrictions imposed by Israel . He added that officials then decided instead to cancel the trip altogether , shipping to Gaza the goods by other means , IRNA said . "  The Zionist regime has made helping the people of Gaza , who are under siege , a political issue and we do not wish to politicize this kind of humanitarian aid because first and foremost we want the siege of Gaza to be broken , " he said , according to the news agency . "  The Zionist regime has sent a letter to the U.N. saying that the presence of Iranian and Lebanese ships in the Gaza area will be considered a declaration of war on that regime and it will react to it . " He added : "  In order to deprive the Zionist regime of any excuse , the aid collected for the oppressed people of Gaza will be delivered to them by other means without mentioning the name of Iran . " In a posting on the Israel Defense Forces website , the chief of the general staff said Israel has "  a natural right to inspect and to prevent the flow of weapons into the Gaza Strip . " "  If anyone is bothered by the situation in the Gaza Strip and wants to transfer medical supplies there , they can respect our guidelines and go through to the Ashdod port , " Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi said Tuesday , according to the IDF . "  We will inspect them , and if we can we will transfer them in . " Ashkenazi added , "  It is important that we maintain this right and we can not let the Gaza Strip turn into an Iranian port . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced this month Israel 's plans to ease its blockade of Gaza , a step commended by major powers and brushed off by Palestinian leaders . Palestinian officials said the steps were an improvement but called for the blockade to be completely lifted and the Israeli occupation ended . Israel 's announcement came three weeks after ships in Israel 's naval blockade sparred on May 31 with a flotilla of aid ships heading to Gaza . Israel 's military stopped the flotilla , killing nine Turkish activists on one of the ships in the incident , which drew international condemnation . Israel said its troops were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects on one of the boats ; the boat 's passengers said they were fired upon without provocation . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this story from Tehran .	Tehran will not send ship to Gaza Cites restrictions imposed by Israel Israel defends right to prevent flow of weapons into Gaza
I am not an expert on Asperger 's syndrome . But I am an expert on me , and I have Asperger 's . And attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . And a bit of obsessive-compulsive disorder . Having all three disorders together is not unusual , my doctor says . Like you , I get angry sometimes . And , like you , I would never think of channeling that emotion into violence . There is no direct connection between violence and autism . None . I do n't break things . I do n't hit my dogs . I keep a small Tupperware container in the house to catch insects so I can transport them safely outside before my cats or wife see them . I do n't disparage hunters , but I could never kill another creature . I just do n't have it in me . Thoughts on Newtown shooting from a man with Asperger 's For the most part , I am just like you , just a bit quirky . All right , a lot quirky . I am pedantic . I usually have no expression on my face or in my speech . I can not look you in the eye .  I 've learned to look people in the mouth or nose .  I can not have a conversation of more than a few words with you , but I can lecture you ad nauseam on U.S. atomic bomb tests , the Cleveland Browns , beagles , Japanese society . When you speak to me and I look away intently , I am parsing your words and running through scenarios based on your request or statement in an effort to understand you . Please bear with me . Because I still have a deathly fear of offending someone or talking about something way off-topic , I often hold my hand over my mouth in meetings to keep from speaking . Being called on to speak is sheer terror . And those are just some of my oddities . Your child/partner/co-worker with Asperger 's has some similar peculiarities . That 's why kids with Asperger 's get bullied . I was lucky . I did n't get bullied in school because I was n't diagnosed and therefore not labeled . I was n't diagnosed until I was 50 . And when the doctors asked what course of action I wanted , I said none . I had made it that far , so I 'd like to continue working it out on my own . In fact , until today , most of my co-workers and friends did n't know I had Asperger 's . So "  Aspies " can grow up to have families and be productive and contributing members of society . I can not say this will get you through life , and some of my advice may be wrong for you . But here 's what helped me : Find a "  mentor . " Targeting someone to pattern my social behavior after changed my life . He was a co-worker and friend who was outgoing , popular and genuinely nice . I mimicked him for years to learn how to approach people and how to act appropriately . I 'm not there yet , but I 'm not an outcast . I do n't think he ever knew . Thanks , Scott . Become athletic . Yes , I know you 're uncoordinated , but you can teach yourself coordination . I spent years throwing a ball against the garage , developing a throwing motion , building the ability to catch a ball and , eventually , hitting that ball . By the fifth grade , I was playing third base in schoolyard pickup games -- and I was no longer picked last . My self-esteem skyrocketed , and the tough kids accepted me . Write . Take all those thoughts in your head and put them down on paper or a computer screen . Reread them a day , a week , a year later . Show them to someone you trust . I 'll bet he or she thinks a lot of the same things . Accept your peculiarities and take advantage of those you can : the ability to focus , above-average intelligence . Live . Be brave ; get out there a bit . Take your obsessive gardening hobby and use it to socialize by checking out a gardening club or volunteer to help spruce up the neighborhood . Learn a bit of self-control , but go ahead and make mistakes . Apologize and have a laugh . "  Neurotypical " people can be quite forgiving , given the chance . Bullies are more socially flawed than you are . If you 're a parent of a child with Asperger 's , let your child experiment . That 's how we all learn . He or she is likely quite intelligent . Let your child know you 're pleased when he or she has spoken up to say "  Yes , please " or "  Thank you " when the situation called for it . We can be quite trying , so please be patient . Troubling legacy of Sandy Hook may be backlash against kids with autism	There is no direct connection between autism and violence , man with Asperger 's says Kids with autism or Asperger 's are sometimes bullied because of their peculiarities Those with Asperger 's can have families , be productive members of society
CNN  -- Take the magic of the "  Harry Potter " novels , add in a story of forbidden love like "  Twilight " and you have what publishers hope is the makings of another blockbuster in "  The Night Circus . " The new novel tells the story of two young magicians , Celia and Marco , forced to compete in an elaborate duel , but who instead fall in love . Set in the 19th century , the story plays out within the black and white striped tents of "  Le Cirque des Reves " an enchanted circus of dreams , which travels the world and is open only at night . It 's made up of acrobats and animal trainers , a tattooed contortionist and amazing displays , including a garden of ice and a maze made of clouds . Like the story , the writing is magical and mysterious , the characters cryptic and compelling . Overall it 's an enchanting page turner , a modern fairy tale readers are sure to fall in love with . But is it the next "  Harry Potter " ? Publishers and booksellers are betting on it . Doubleday won a bidding war for the book . The publisher gave author Erin Morgenstern , a first-time novelist , a high six-figure advance and ordered a first printing of 175,000 copies . Rights have sold to 30 foreign publishers . Summit Entertainment , the Hollywood company behind the hugely successful "  Twilight " series , snapped up the film rights . David Heyman , the producer of the "  Harry Potter " movies , is in negotiations to lead the big screen adaptation . Booksellers are swooning . Desperately in need of a hot seller , stores across the country and around the world are planning publication day parties for the book 's release on Tuesday . The elfin-looking Morgenstern is helping build buzz for her book , attracting huge crowds at Comic-Con in San Diego and New York 's Book Expo . She recently signed 2,200 first editions to be sent to stores across the country in what she called "  Signing-palooza . " She 's heading out on a six-week , 14-city tour to promote the book . CNN recently spoke with Morgenstern ; the following is an edited transcript : CNN : Tell me about the inspiration behind "  The Night Circus . " Morgenstern : It kind of came about by accident , I was actually working on a different book . I started doing national novel writing month about eight years ago and I started writing this Edward Gorey inspired plot . I did n't know where I was going with it , so I decided to send all the characters to the circus . I started with these little vignettes and it did n't have a plot for the longest time , but that 's kind of where it started . It 's been a long strange trip . The idea came together in 2006 . I worked on it in fits and starts and did n't take it real seriously at first . I was n't thinking at that point about trying to get published , I was writing just to write . Then in 2008 I started to think I might have something . I tried to make the story a little more book shaped , not so sprawling and nonlinear and more resembling a novel . Then I started querying agents in 2009 and got a lot of favorable responses but pretty much everyone said it had no plot . So I ended up doing a lot of revising and that 's actually the version of the book that ended up getting me signed . Then I did even more revisions . This book has been revised many , many , many times . It 's changed so much that I did n't I feel like I was working on one book for that long because I was n't working on it continuously and because it changed so much . CNN : Are you a fan of the circus ? Morgenstern : I 'm not really a circus fan , not a traditional circus person . My background is in theater . I have a degree in theater from Smith College and I like immersive performance , halfway between theater and performance art . I thought a circus environment would be an interesting venue to explore , where you did n't just have one tent with three rings and a show going on but where you could explore different things in different tents . CNN : On your website you say , "  All my works are fairy tales in one way or another . " How so ? Morgenstern : I like that "  once upon a time " quality , where the telling of a tale has an elevated sense of story . There 's a whimsical quality to it . Sometimes in fairy tales more things seem possible , even though often they 're real world based . I love that very traditional fairy tale where it 's not all "  happily ever after . " I like all that old school , bloody , "  Brothers Grimm " sort of stuff . So you have all those shades of gray in there . CNN : This is your first novel , it 's generating a huge buzz , and I know you were a big hit at the Book Expo and at Comic-Con . Morgenstern : I did go to Comic-Con and it was amazing . There 's quite a contrast between the Book Expo and Comic Con . I did n't expect the Expo to be as overwhelming as it was . I had a great time but the lines for my signing were around the entire convention center . I just never expected that sort of response . Then Comic Con was just craziness . It was a lot of people and color , and loud , it was such a sensory overload . It 's been a lot of fun , but it was good that I had just a crazy few days and then I got to have some time off and recover . CNN : How are you enjoying the reaction to your book so far ? Morgenstern : It 's been fun , but it does seem very big , especially for my first book . There are days where it 's just a little overwhelming , but the response has been great , especially within the book industry . I 've been getting letters from booksellers saying how much they love my story ; it means so much to me . After all the bells and whistles and Comic Con , and all the big stuff , really the fact that individual people are reading it and loving the book is just the best thing . One of the nicest things I 've heard , though , I 've had a couple people say to me this is not a book for everyone , which I really like , because I do n't particularly think there are books for everyone . I think this is the sort of story that resonates particularly strong with certain people and maybe not as much with others . I think that 's a hallmark of a really good story that it has readers that it speaks to more than others . CNN : There are plans under way to turn your book into a movie . How is that going ? Morgenstern : I 'm a little bit involved . I 've heard bits and pieces ; they 're still in the early stages of production , trying to assemble the best team to put the film together . Everyone is so enthusiastic and really loves the book , so it seems like it 's in really good hands . So I hope they can take the book and make it stand alone as a film . I do n't want to have that much input anyway ; it 's not really something I do . I 'm interested but I definitely just want them to run with it . CNN : Do you have any actors in mind for key roles ? Morgenstern : The only character I ever pictured as a particular actor , Hector was always Geoffrey Rush in my head . There 's something about his physicality and Geoffrey Rush 's mannerisms that I pictured . He 's good in everything . CNN : What 's next ? Morgenstern : I 'm going to be very busy with the book 's release but when I have time I am working on a new book . It 's very different but I 'm looking forward to exploring someplace new . I need to live in the world of story for awhile before I figure out the shape of the book . It 's sort of a film noir with influences from "  Alice in Wonderland , " so it has a sort of fantastic feel , like the magic of "  The Night Circus " but with a little more '30s , '40s , '50s art deco feel to the story . CNN : Will you ever return to "  The Night Circus ? " Morgenstern : I do n't think it will become a series , a direct sequel or anything like that , but there 's a lot more material floating around the edges . There are lots of little tangential stories that could become part of a prequel , or collected short stories . I think that would probably be the extent of it but it would be fun to play with . There 's a lot more material on all the side characters that did n't make it into the finished book . To find out more about "  The Night Circus " and Erin Morgenstern 's art and writing check out her website .	Erin Morgenstern puts a star-crossed lovers twist on magicians Publishers hope "  The Night Circus " will be the next "  Harry Potter " Morgenstern is met with great enthusiasm at her "  signing-palooza "
RollingStone.com  -- Jay-Z will launch his new YouTube channel Saturday night with a live stream of the last concert of his eight-show run at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , USA Today reports . The rapper 's Life + Times channel , an offshoot of his pop-culture site by the same name , comes as part of a push for original programming by YouTube , which is owned by Google . Jay-Z represents Brooklyn at first Barclays Center show It 's the latest brand expansion for Jay-Z , who co-owns the 40/40 Club in Manhattan , owns a minority share in the Brooklyn Nets basketball team , has a stake in the Rocawear clothing line , serves as co-brand director for Budweiser Select and was executive producer of the new video game "  NBA 2K13 . " For Life + Times , Jay-Z partnered with IconicTV , a company that will run the channel like a television network with video content including a Brooklyn Nets series called "  The Road to Brooklyn , " the fan-interaction show "  Roc Nation Check-In " and "  Well Dunn With Jourdan Dunn , " about the British supermodel . Jay-Z launches pop culture site Life + Times "  The site really is a way for Jay to showcase the breadth of his interests , from fashion , architecture , music , style , food , consumables , electronics , and so forth , " said Michael Hirschorn , the co-founder and chief creative officer of IconicTV . "  We 're approaching this channel and programming it , not at the level of an MTV or a BET -- at least , not yet -- but really programming it as a real channel that will have regular content , some featuring him , some under his creative direction , but that when he wants to reach his audience , he 's no longer going to have to go through an intermediary to get to that audience . " The Barclays concert will stream beginning at 9:30 p.m. EST on Saturday . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Jay-Z will launch his new YouTube channel Saturday The channel will debut with a live stream of his last Barclays Center concert The channel will be called Life + Times , an offshoot of his website The Life + Times channel is just Jay-Z 's latest brand expansion
CNN  -- One of the largest Jewish cemeteries in the Los Angeles , California , area has been accused of desecrating the remains of those buried there , according to a lawsuit . The cemetery holds the remains of celebrities such as Groucho Marx and Lenny Bruce . The suit , filed Thursday in Los Angeles Superior Court , alleges that employees at Eden Memorial Park , in Mission Hills , California , "  intentionally , willfully and secretly desecrated the remains of deceased individuals , " often moving them to make room for new remains . Attorney Michael Avenatti , who filed the suit , told CNN that his investigation revealed that as many as 500 graves may have been torn up without the families ' permission . "  We allege that Eden Memorial Park and its management for the better part of 15 years were engaging in improper burial practices , including the desecration of graves and the improper disposal of human remains , " he said . The lawsuit is filed by F. Charles Sands , whose parents are buried at Eden Memorial Park , against the cemetery and its owner , Service Corporation International , based in Houston , Texas . The company is the largest owner of cemeteries and funeral homes in the United States . Watch what the lawsuit says workers did to remains " This is not the first time Service Corporation International has faced allegations of digging up graves and moving bodies to make room for new remains . It reached a $ 100 million settlement with families of people whose remains were desecrated at Menorah Gardens in Florida . The company also reached a $ 14 million settlement with the Florida state attorney 's office over issues related to those claims . A number of celebrities are buried at Eden Park , including comedians Groucho Marx and Lenny Bruce , according to several Web sites that track burials of celebrities . Anthony Lampe , the general manager of Eden Memorial Park , said he had not seen the lawsuit and referred inquiries to Service Corporation International . Company spokeswoman Lisa Marshall said the allegations in the lawsuit were not valid . She said SCI had investigated and confirmed burial issues at Eden Memorial Park in 2007 , but she could not provide specifics of that investigation . The lawsuit alleges groundskeepers were secretly instructed to break buried concrete interment vaults that contained caskets that were already buried , using backhoes . It also alleges human remains would often fall out of the broken caskets , and those body parts were either scattered or thrown away . In one case , Avenatti said , a human skull was discarded . "  We have uncovered evidence that the groundskeepers and others at Eden Memorial Park have been instructed to break off or break apart that concrete vault and , at many times , that exposes human remains , " Avenatti said . Asked about the seriousness of the allegations , he said , "  If the allegations are proven true , this is incredibly horrific . " The lawsuit said that under Jewish tradition , "  the deceased are typically required to be interred within 24 hours , thereby leaving little time to obtain consent to move an encroaching vault in an adjacent plot and giving defendants a motive to desecrate human remains and commit other immoral acts rather than comply with the law . "	Eden Memorial Park , in Mission Hills , California , is large Jewish cemetery Lawsuit says it breaks open vaults , discards remains to make room Cemetery is owned by Service Corporation International SCI spokeswoman says allegations in the lawsuit are not valid
LAKE VIEW TERRACE , California  CNN  -- A massive fire that has charred more than 147,000 acres in Southern California and destroyed dozens of homes north of Los Angeles was caused by arson , a U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman said Thursday . A wildfire burns close to blackened hills in the Angeles National Forest outside Los Angeles on Wednesday . A homicide investigation has been initiated by the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department into the deaths of two firefighters as a result of the Station fire , said spokeswoman Rita Wears . The firefighters died Sunday in a vehicle crash while trying to escape fast-moving flames . The fire was at 38 percent containment Thursday . It has been burning for more than a week . Fire officials said progress has been made , particularly on the west side of the fire , but the blaze was still producing hot spots , including one that forced the evacuation of 25 residents early Thursday . Families in 11 homes were awakened at about 4 a.m. and given three hours to leave their homes near the Dillon Divide community . The fire had scorched 147,418 acres as of Thursday . Residents have fled from 10,000 homes along the edge of the Angeles Forest since the fire began on August 26 . However , the majority of evacuees were allowed back into their homes by Wednesday . Watch as firefighters struggle to keep the blaze at bay " "  We 're fighting for every foot of containment we can get on this fire , " said U.S. Forest Service Fire Chief Mike Dietrich . He said firefighters have made progress controlling the northern and western parameters of the fire , but the priority is to keep the southeastern corner of the fire away from areas along Interstate 210 , including Pasadena , Arcadia and Sierra Madre . The blaze is headed toward the San Gabriel Wilderness Area of the Angeles forest . The San Gabriel represents the eastern edge of the fire , he said . Nearly all the fire was in forest land and the nearby foothill communities , including La Canada Flintridge , La Crescenta and Acton . "  This is a very complicated situation , and it continues to be complicated as it moves east , " Dietrich said . The fire has destroyed 64 homes , three commercial properties and 49 outdoor structures since it began last week , authorities said . The state has spent about $ 27 million so far fighting the fire in the Angeles National Forest , Dietrich said . Firefighters expect to have the blaze fully contained by September 15 . Earlier , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked about the cost of the firefighting , given the state 's precarious financial position . "  I 've made it clear that even though we have a budget crunch and we have an economic crisis and we just solved a $ 23 billion deficit , we will always have the money available to fight the fires because public safety is our No. 1 priority , " Schwarzenegger responded . That budget gap covers two years . The governor said he insisted that the state budget he signed in July have a $ 500 million reserve for emergencies such as fires . California has had 5,000 blazes so far this year , he said . He said 21 firefighters have been injured battling the Station fire , in addition to the two killed Sunday . While temperatures remain high , the humidity level increased on Wednesday and Thursday -- a boon to the firefighting efforts . Firefighters could get another break if temperatures cool off on Friday , as expected . CNN 's Barbara Starr in Lake View Terrace , California , contributed to this report .	Investigation treated as homicide case because two firefighters died The fire was at 38 percent containment Thursday , officials say Station fire has burned more than 147,000 acres north of Los Angeles Blaze still forcing some residents to evacuate
CNN  -- You have to think about picking up girls the exact same way you think about picking up a box . You just do it . Seriously . After working with thousands of men all around the world , I have found that the common issue holding men back with women is that "  thing " on top of their shoulders . It thinks , analyzes and makes excuses , so rejection is self-inflicted before women even get a chance to do it . Here are six secrets men need to know about women to help them stop that "  thing " in their head from destroying their dating life : Women have baggage , too , especially the attractive ones . You think insecurity and low confidence are only for those who are fat , bald and ugly ? Not so , my friend . Just because a woman is hot does not mean that her life is perfect . Remember , beauty does not equal perfection . It 's simply one thing about a woman that she literally wears on her sleeve . Women prefer personality to looks . As a woman , I know this to be very true . But I also know it 's a tough one for men to swallow . Obviously , in the first five seconds , she judges a man based on his looks . But after that , something interesting happens : A man 's face shifts according to how he makes a woman feel . A hot man can become hideous , and an average-looking man can become the sexiest guy in the room . What women are really attracted to has nothing to do with appearance . It has to do with the character a man projects . A man who is calm , cool , collected , comfortable and confident will trump an Abercrombie model every time . Women DO NOT like bad boys . Not sure who started this rumor , but they must be shot immediately . Women do not sit around with their girlfriends and say "  Oh , Marni , I ca n't wait to meet a lazy , unreliable jerk who treats me poorly and feeds on my insecurities . " Women like nice guys , not wimps , pushovers or pleasers ; nice guys with a backbone and strong sense of self . There 's no "  right " line , but there 's a right way to say it . If I had four men approach me using the same , tried-and-tested pickup line , do you think I would be attracted to all four of them ? Maybe , but highly unlikely . I can tell you that if the right man with the right character came up to me and said "  banana , banana , banana , " I would giggle like a little schoolgirl and instantly feel attraction for him . There is never a bad time to approach a woman . Women want to be approached , as long as it 's by the right person . If you see a girl you like , stop , breathe and think to yourself , "  She 's adorable . I want to talk to her and see if I like her . " Notice the "  I want " and the spirit of figuring out what you like . Until you get to know this girl , it 's about you , not her . Women want you to respect them , not admire them . So stop putting women you know nothing about on pedestals . Yes , they 're hot , yes other men may want them , but that does not mean that all self-respect gets thrown out the door . Respect yourself first , and women will follow . So use these lessons as the first step to eliminating the anxiety that "  thing " produces . The second part is getting out there and practicing . Sitting on your couch watching "  Law & Order " is not going to bring you results with women .	Here are six secrets men need to know about women so they do n't destroy their dating life A man who is comfortable and confident will trump an Abercrombie model every time There is no right line to say to a woman , but there is a right way to say it
CNN  -- Manchester United 's post-title hangover continued on Sunday after a 1-0 defeat that kept Chelsea in pole position for England 's third Champions League place next season . Juan Mata netted the only goal in the 86th minute before the game erupted from its previous lethargy as United defender Rafael da Silva was sent off for kicking out at fellow Brazilian David Luiz . Television replays showed the Chelsea player smiling on the floor afterwards . It was United 's first red card this season , and means Rafael will miss the rest of the Premier League campaign with an automatic three-game ban . "  The referee was bought by the fact Luiz rolled about , " United manager Alex Ferguson said . "  He actually elbowed Rafael twice but you know what happens when a player retaliates : he 's always punished more . "  Luiz made it look worse . I do n't think the referee saw it , actually , and he was convinced by Luiz 's reaction . " The defeat followed United 's 1-1 draw with Arsenal last weekend , having previously wrapped up a record-extending 20th title with four matches to play . "  Maybe this will waken the players up , " said Ferguson , ahead of next weekend 's final home match this season against Swansea . "  There was no edge to our game but I think Chelsea were the better team . Training was fine this week and there was a nice edge to it , but today it was missing . It 's been a long season for the players and their final really big effort was last week against Arsenal . " Mata scored his 11th league goal this season , and 19th overall , to put Chelsea a point clear of fourth-placed Arsenal and three ahead of Tottenham in fifth . Victory in Wednesday 's home clash with Spurs would virtually ensure qualification for Europe 's top club competition , given their London rivals ' inferior goal difference . "  If we can win we will be there , but Tottenham are a good team and it will be a final for the top four , " said manager Rafael Benitez , who has guided Chelsea to two wins over United since taking charge in December . "  This game was difficult and important for us . Wednesday will be even more important as we are so close to them . Winning is crucial for us , it 's even more important for them , so there will be a great atmosphere at Stamford Bridge . " Benitez is hoping to have Eden Hazard available after the Belgium playmaker missed the trip to Old Trafford due to a calf injury . "  The physios are working with him and he could be fit , " said the Spaniard , whose team have played 12 games in just 37 days , reaching the final of the Europa League . Everton 's chances of playing in Europe 's second-tier tournament next season suffered a blow in Sunday 's 0-0 draw with Merseyside rivals Liverpool . Manager David Moyes was angry that Sylvain Distin 's second-half header was ruled out for a foul by teammate Victor Anichebe on home goalkeeper Pepe Reina . "  It was a goal . The goalkeeper runs into our player so the goal should stand , " said Moyes after his sixth-placed team dropped five points behind Tottenham , having played one more game . "  If we run into the goalkeeper then give a foul for that , but he ran into us , so it was a goal . " Liverpool , in the absence of suspended top scorer Luis Suarez , stayed seventh .	Juan Mata 's late winner returns Chelsea to third place in English Premier League Manchester United 's Rafael da Silva sent off after tussling with compatriot David Luiz Chelsea can clinch Champions League place by beating Tottenham on Wednesday Everton 's European chances slump following 0-0 draw in derby at Liverpool
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama 's policy of halting deportations for the undocumented parents of children born in the U.S. is popular -- but his method for implementing it is not . Only 26 % of Americans think Obama 's plan for those immigrants goes too far , while 50 % called it about right and 22 % said it does n't go far enough , according to a CNN/ORC poll out Wednesday of 1,045 adults , conducted Nov. 21-23 and with a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . However , when asked for their stance on Obama using an executive order to make those changes , just 41 % said they favor the move , while 56 % said they oppose it . Despite the limited backing for Obama 's action , the survey shows that Republicans might have a hard time gaining traction on the issue . It 's "  a classic case of good news/bad news for both the President and the Republicans in Congress , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said of the results . RELATED : On the border with Obama 's immigration foes Just 16 % of Americans are angry about Obama 's immigration move -- though another 27 % said they are displeased . Nearly one-quarter of Americans say it does n't matter , and 41 % say they 're pleased or enthusiastic about it . Support for a GOP lawsuit against Obama over his executive order comes from just 38 % of Americans , while 60 % say Republicans should n't challenge the move in court . Instead , 76 % said the GOP should spend more time passing immigration reform legislation -- something Obama repeatedly prodded his Republican critics , especially in the House , to do -- while just 21 % said the party should focus on overturning Obama 's policies . The results come as Republican lawmakers and governors grapple with how they 'll respond . Greg Abbott , the incoming Texas Republican governor , said he 's likely to announce a legal challenge to Obama 's executive order in about two weeks . And House members could push to limit funding for government agencies affected by Obama 's action as they debate budget measures in December . RELATED : Abbott : Texas readying challenge to Obama 's immigration action The poll found that 49 % of Americans say Obama has the legal authority to loosen deportation policies on his own , while 48 % say he does n't . Obama , meanwhile , got a boost from young people and minorities for his handling of immigration after he announced his executive order last week . Approval of his handling of immigration jumped to 65 % from 50 % in September among non-whites , and from 39 % to 52 % among those between ages 18 and 34 . His overall marks on immigration also jumped , with 34 % of Americans approving of how he 's handling the issue in September and 44 % approving after last week 's announcement . That improvement , though , did n't affect Obama 's overall approval rating , which the poll found was at 44 % -- little changed from October 's 45 % . The survey also found evidence of support gradually increasing for easing U.S. policies toward undocumented immigrants and their families . It showed that 75 % of Americans say they feel sympathetic toward those immigrants and their families -- up from 67 % in 2011 and 52 % in 2010 .	A CNN/ORC poll shows just 26 % of Americans think Obama 's immigration action goes too far But , the poll shows , only 41 % of those surveyed support implementing the policy through executive order The poll finds that Republicans could risk overreaching by challenging Obama 's action in court
The U.S. Department of Justice says it 's concerned about actions taken by the Ferguson , Missouri , Police Department in recent days . Two letters to Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson this week from Justice Department chastised Ferguson police over what officers were wearing -- and in some cases , not wearing . Specifically , the department took issue with some officers wearing bracelets that say "  I am Darren Wilson , " and other officers who were not wearing their name tags . "  Officers wearing name plates while in uniform is a basic component of transparency and accountability , " Christy E. Lopez , deputy chief of the Special Litigation Section of the Department 's Civil Rights Division , said in a September 23 letter obtained by CNN . "  The failure to wear name plates conveys a message to the community that , through anonymity , officers may seek to act with impunity . " The department requires officers to wear a "  name tag " with their first initial and last name on both their shirt uniform and jacket , according to the letter . The "  I am Darren Wilson " bracelets are "  exacerbating an already tense atmosphere between law enforcement and residents in Ferguson , " Lopez said in a separate letter dated Friday . "  These bracelets reinforce the very ` us versus them ' mentality that many residents of Ferguson believe exist . " Lopez did acknowledge the "  importance of individual expression " of officers in the letter . Ferguson has been marred by discord and distrust of authorities -- especially among those in its large African-American community -- since the August 9 shooting of Michael Brown , an 18-year-old black teenager killed by Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson , who is white . Despite demands by protesters , Wilson has not been charged in this case , though a grand jury is hearing evidence that could lead to an indictment . Tensions in the St. Louis suburb rekindled this week after one of three memorials for Brown was burned . While many peaceful protesters took to the street Tuesday night , elements within the demonstration stoked chaos , attacking police with guns , rocks and bottles and vandalizing and looting businesses , Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said . One person threw a Molotov cocktail at a parking structure , and there was an attempt to set a gasoline fire at a custard shop , he said . Two officers were injured , one of whom was struck by a rock below the eye , Johnson said . Police chief tries to apologize Emotions spiked following an appearance by Chief Jackson late Thursday night to address the crowd and take questions from protesters . Earlier in the day , he apologized for his department 's actions after Michael Brown 's shooting but pledged not to resign . Dramatically wading into the crowd , Jackson apologized again . "  I 'm sorry , and I said that from my heart , " he said . "  I had to get that off my chest . It 's been sitting there for two months . " But not everyone was anxious to hear from him . "  If you are not resigning tonight , go home , " one man said on a bullhorn . "  What do you want me to do ? " Jackson asked a protester . "  Talk to me . " It was shortly after Jackson agreed to walk and talk with the demonstrators that a scuffle broke out a short distance behind the chief , and officers moved in to make arrests . There was no indication that Jackson was directly threatened , but he was quickly escorted inside the police department building . "  Trust -- it takes time , " Johnson told CNN on Friday . "  I talked to the chief this morning . I think he regrets going out there last night , Chief says he 's sorry Brown 's body was n't moved sooner In a CNN interview , Jackson addressed his rationale for staying on the job and not resigning . "  This is mine , and I 'm taking ownership of it , " he told CNN . Jackson 's interview with CNN came Thursday afternoon , shortly after the release of his video apology to Brown 's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson 's streets to protest Brown 's death . In that video , the chief expressed regret that it took investigating officers four hours to remove Brown 's body from the street after he was shot dead . "  I 'm truly sorry for the loss of your son . I 'm also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street , " he said in his video statement . Investigators were doing "  important work " trying to uncover the truth and collect evidence in those four hours , Jackson said , but "  it was just too long , and I 'm truly sorry for that . " "  Please know that the investigating officers meant no disrespect to the Brown family , to the African-American community or the people  in the neighborhood where Brown was shot  . They were simply trying to do their jobs , " Jackson said . Asked Thursday afternoon why the apology took so long , Jackson told CNN , "  There 's been so much going on , and every day there 's a different challenge . " He said he 's been wanting to apologize for "  the time it took to remove Michael from the scene , " and he feels better now that he 's done it . "  This is something that 's just been weighing on me . It 's something that needed to be said . It should 've been said a long time ago , " he told CNN .	Department of Justice asks that officers not wear "  I am Darren Wilson " bracelets Department also tells police to ensure officers ' name tags are visible on uniforms Police chief tried to approach protesters before a scuffle breaks out early Friday Chief apologizes in a video to the Brown family and peaceful protesters
CNN  -- Joss Whedon has picked one formidable villain for The Avengers team to battle in the sequel to last year 's mega-grossing blockbuster . But sentient super-bot Ultron also presents a challenge for the film 's screenwriter too : How to make a machine that can do just about anything into an interesting on-screen character . Joss Whedon on his past , present , and future  hint : ` Agents of SHIELD ' Created by a scientist in the Marvel comics , Ultron is a self-aware robot who develops a lust for power . He has a laundry list of abilities â $ " super-human strength , speed , stamina , durability , flight , mind control , a coma ray and a genius intellect . For "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " Whedon reveals to Entertainment Weekly in this week 's cover story that he 's stripping back some of Ultron 's abilities and will find a way to humanize â $ " to some degree â $ " the angry bot . "  I knew right away what I wanted to do with him , " Whedon says . "  He 's always trying to destroy the Avengers , goddamn it , he 's got a bee in his bonnet . He 's not a happy guy , which means he 's an interesting guy . He 's got pain . And the way that manifests is not going to be standard robot stuff . So we 'll take away some of those powers because at some point everybody becomes magic , and I already have someone -LSB- a new character , Scarlet Witch -RSB- who 's a witch . " Whedon adds that he has to be careful "  to ground -LSB- the character -RSB- while still evoking that guy . " And like a certain giant green Avenger hero , it sounds like large doses of rage will be key to his personality . "  As a character I love -LSB- Ultron -RSB- , " Whedon says , "  because he 's so pissed off . " For more , much more , from Whedon , pick up this week 's issue of Entertainment Weekly , on stands Friday , Aug. 23 , which features a 10-page Q&A spread with the writer-producer-director discussing his entire career and future projects . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Joss Whedon reveals details about ` Avengers ' sequel ` Age of Ultron ' centers around a sentient super-robot Whedon says rage is key quality of Ultron 's personality
CNN  -- The loss of native tropical forests accounts for more than 10 % of the carbon emissions responsible for the changing climate , receiving much-deserved attention at the recent U.N. climate change conference in Warsaw . When forests are cleared and burned , the carbon contained in the trees and other vegetation -- roughly half of their dry weight -- is released into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas contributing to global warming . Most of the carbon dioxide emissions caused by human activity come from fossil fuels . But native tropical forests average about 150 tons of carbon per hectare , and millions of hectares are cleared and burned every year . Over the past decade , governments and industry have responded to growing pressure to reverse deforestation , sometimes committing to reducing it to zero . But with few exceptions , we 've lacked the tools to assess accountability . This changed when Science magazine published a groundbreaking analysis of annual deforestation on the entire planet between 2000 and 2012 . With the help of Google Earth and using advanced computing techniques , University of Maryland professor Matthew Hansen and his colleagues analyzed unprecedented amounts of satellite imagery at a 30-meter scale . Their work allows anyone with a computer , tablet or smartphone and a decent Internet connection to see clearly where the world 's forests are growing and where they are being destroyed . Go to Global Forest Change and click on different regions . Use the pulldown menu to see the state of forests all over the world from 2000 to 2012 , using several measurements . Go to the damage locations like the swath of the Alabama tornado , Siberian forest fires , palm oil plantations in Borneo , and many more . Distant regions are close at hand , the range of forests becomes easy to grasp , and the speed at which many of the forests are vanishing grows far more difficult to ignore . More than 60 governments have signed on to the World Wildlife Fund 's pledge to achieve "  zero net deforestation " by 2020 . The pledge specifically excludes offsetting native forest loss with tree plantations , although regrowing forests on abandoned lands can be subtracted from any "  gross " deforestation . With the new digitized maps and data available online , civil society watchdogs can and should hold governments accountable for making progress toward their targets . Similar zero-deforestation pledges have been made by corporate leaders , including the board of the Consumer Goods Forum , a mammoth private sector consortium that includes hundreds of companies with combined revenues of more than $ 3 trillion annually . Most tropical deforestation is driven by growing global demand for agricultural commodities like beef , soya , palm oil and paper . Members of the consortium have promised to eliminate deforestation from their supply chains for those products . Ensuring the transparent flow of information from analyses like the one published in Science last week will be essential to keeping the private sector accountable . It is now possible to track what 's happening in the remote regions of Brazil , Indonesia or Africa  PDF  or in the forests of the Russian Far East . For the past 25 years , we 've had this kind of data only for the Brazilian Amazon . Every year when the Brazilian Space Agency releases its numbers , scrutiny ensues in Brazil and internationally . Few governments have possessed the combination of information and candor about their forests that the Brazilians have exhibited for the Amazon . And until 2012 , as reported in Science , the trend had been looking good in Brazil . But on the same as this new report in Science was published , the Brazilian government announced dispiriting news from the sidelines of U.N. climate talks in Warsaw : Deforestation in the Latin American nation had reached 5,843 square kilometers  2,256 square miles  between August 1 , 2012 , and July 31 , 2013 , up from 4,751 a year ago . Environment Minister Izabella Teixeira called this increase unacceptable and said the government would not tolerate any rise in illegal deforestation , calling it a crime . Already , the issue has become fodder for next year 's presidential election . Teixeira and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff are accountable to their national climate change policy , passed by the Brazilian National Congress in 2009 . That law included a target for reducing Amazon deforestation to 3,900 square kilometers by 2020 , an 80 % drop from the average rate of forest loss from 1996 to 2005 . Many developing countries simply lack sufficient knowledge of their forests , and many use questionable accounting practices . In Indonesia , the Ministry of Forestry has insisted that no deforestation happens when plantations for pulp and paper production replace native forests . Following that logic , you could completely replace some of the most biodiverse , carbon-rich ecosystems on Earth with monoculture acacia farms and brand them as "  zero-deforestation . " When we say that knowledge is power , we mean that people with access to knowledge have power and those without it are powerless . Transparency is the democratization of that critical access . Without it , governments and corporations are unaccountable . Overall , Hansen and his colleagues report that the deforestation trend in the tropics is worsening . Brazil 's success at reducing forest loss through 2012 was more than offset by increased losses in Indonesia , Malaysia , Paraguay , Bolivia , Zambia , Angola and elsewhere . These and other results and their interpretations will surely be scrutinized and may be improved upon , because they are freely accessible in digital form . While government and corporate leaders increasingly profess the virtues of transparency and accountability , the translation of their words into practice has often lagged . But with our new access to digital information , gaps between words and deeds can and should be quickly exposed , even in the most remote regions of the planet . This is good news for all of us concerned about the forests , the people who depend on them and global climate change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel J. Zarin .	Daniel Zarin : Loss of native tropical forests accounts for 10 % of carbon emissions Zarin : We have never been able to track how much and where trees are disappearing Zarian : A new online interactive shows exactly where forests are vanishing and how fast Countries now can be held accountable , he says , for "  zero deforestation " pledges
The on-pitch collapse of an English Premier League soccer player at the weekend raises questions about how such highly-trained athletes can be struck down in such a manner . Professional sports players are generally in prime physical condition , especially with today 's advanced physiological , nutritional and medical knowledge . However , Fabrice Muamba is the latest in a growing list of athletes around the world who have suffered heart problems -- seemingly out of nowhere . So why does it happen , and can it be prevented ? "  What is important to realize is that playing sport vigorously can unmask an undiagnosed , underlying condition , " says Dr. Hilary Jones , a medical expert from England . "  So when we see someone have a subarachnoid haemorrhage , a sudden stroke on the field of play , we 're shocked by it . If someone has a cardiac arrest , we 're very shocked by it . These events are n't common , especially amongst athletes , but they are n't rare either . " Jones says , in the UK , 12 young people under the age of 35 die each week from undiagnosed cardiac conditions -- but only one in 45,000 sportsmen will suffer such a death . But are n't there tests that can stop this happening ? Yes , but they differ from country to country , says U.S.-based cardiologist Dr. Chandan Devireddy . "  Testing is very controversial in the medical community as far as what type of testing , when to screen , how to screen , " says Devireddy , who works at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , Georgia . The Premier League , for example , says all players aged 16-18 at its member clubs "  must go through a cardiological examination/screening " and then have follow-ups "  as early in their careers as possible and again if the annual medical screen shows any results that warrant a further examination . " That should have covered the 23-year-old Muamba , who came to England from the Democratic Republic of Congo in 1999 at the age of 11 and began his career at top-flight club Arsenal before joining Bolton in 2008 from Birmingham . "  They have described a cardiovascular exam , but that 's not really described in detail -- does that mean physical exam plus an EKG  electrocardiogram  ? " asks Devireddy . "  This varies from country to country depending on what the recommendations are . The U.S. is not actually advocating EKGs , but that 's very controversial internationally . There are some bodies that have had very close monitoring of this on a population basis , such as Italy where they said EKGs make a huge difference in detecting this in a population . " So what is wrong with Muamba ? The exact diagnosis has yet to be released , but experts seem to agree it is most likely hypertrophic cardiomyopathy -- a condition where the heart muscle thickens , causing a stoppage of blood flow . "  It is one of the most common genetic cardiac conditions in the human population , " says Devireddy . "  A lot of times these types of conditions can be passed on from generation to generation . Whether Mr. Muamba knew his family history from this standpoint , we do n't know . " Jones says this condition is slightly more common in black athletes than white ones . "  There is also the possibility of a cardiac arrhythmia , where the rhythm of the heart is broken and a cardiac arrest occurs , " he says . "  A third reason could be the congenital abnormality of the structure of the coronary arteries , again , which he would be born with -- and which might not have been diagnosed . " Does heart testing guarantee that these conditions will be discovered ? "  With EKG screening , sometimes this is n't caught , " Devireddy says . "  With the hypertrophic cardio myopathy we 're discussing , about 70 % of the time the first incidence of that being diagnosed is with a sudden cardiac death episode . " Jones says that sports players should have both EKGs  which interpret electrical activity  and ECHO cardiagrams -- which use ultrasound techniques to create images of the heart . "  There was a screening program that was very effective in Italy , for example , where all their young professional sports people were being screened , " he says . "  They were detecting quite large numbers of abnormality and indeed they were able to reduce their mortality rate by 90 % . "  There are people here in this country and elsewhere in Europe and the rest of the world looking at more effective screening procedures to try to diagnose those conditions which are previously undiagnosed . " Will Muamba , who is in critical condition in intensive care , be able to survive ? "  The fact that care providers were there and got to him immediately -- the word was that defibrillators were available , which is crucial at sporting events and arenas -- I think that if he makes it that will be a crucial aspect in his recovery , " says Devireddy . Muamba collapsed just before halftime in a match at Tottenham , and medics rushed onto the pitch to try to revive him . His heart did not start working again until he reached the hospital . "  The critical thing with someone who has had a cardiac arrest is to try to establish circulation as soon as possible , so the quicker that happens , the better , " Jones says . "  And clearly , in the case where there is no heartbeat re-established , normally , for two hours , the outlook is not good . It 's all about getting enough oxygen to the brain , getting oxygen to the kidneys . And the longer that break in circulation happens , the worse the outlook . "  But he 's in hospital , he 's in intensive care , he 's been there for two days and there have been no further reports . So whilst he has been given every chance of life , I 'm afraid the outlook is not good . " Could the same thing happen to me ? "  It 's completely counter-intuitive to look at a 23-year-old , very fit , highly talented sportsman like Fabrice Muamba having a cardiac arrest on the pitch with no prior warning , and it makes everyone think , ` Could this happen to me ? ' " explains Jones . "  He would have had some underlying condition . He was fit in every other respect , and sport does make us fit , but it does n't rule out any underlying subtle conditions which are difficult to diagnose without screening tests . Anybody playing a sport at a high level should be screened . " Devireddy agrees that sports stars should be able to cope with the physical rigors of their profession . "  For athletes at this level , these gentlemen train to compete day in , day out , " he says . "  Of course , if they 're pushing themselves beyond the human limits in terms of how well hydrated they are and how their electrolyte balances are , you can predispose even the most competitive athlete to abnormal heart rhythms and straining the heart muscle , but from experience in previous history and previous cases , this likely has some underlying cause to it . "	Soccer player 's tragic collapse sparks debate about heart problems in sporting arena English doctor says that top-level competition can unmask underlying health conditions Cardiologist in U.S. says that screening can not always discover these problems They both call for more heart testing for top sports players
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A terrorist wanting to smuggle radioactive material from Canada into the United States probably would find it easy to do , a new report from congressional investigators said . A clearing through the forest marks the U.S.-Canada border near Beecher Falls , Vermont . Government investigators were able to cross from Canada into the United States carrying a duffle bag with contents that looked like radioactive material and never encountered a law enforcement official , according to a report released Thursday by investigators from the Government Accountability Office . "  Our work clearly shows substantial vulnerabilities in the northern border to terrorist or criminals entering the United States undetected , " the GAO 's Greg Kutz testified Thursday at a Senate Finance Committee hearing on the topic . "  Although the southern border appears to be substantially more secure , we did identify several vulnerabilities on federally managed lands where there was no CBP -LSB- Customs and Border Protection -RSB- control . " The investigators made crossings from Canada into the United States three times in fall 2006 , the report said . Watch GAO video of a man with a gym bag easily crossing into the U.S. from Canada " In one of those instances , the GAO said , the Customs and Border Protection agency reported an alert citizen notified authorities of the suspicious activity of the undercover investigators and described their vehicle . However , the report said the Border Patrol was not able to locate the rental vehicle . The GAO 's task was to perform what it called a "  limited security assessment to identify vulnerable border areas . " The focus was on border ports where the U.S. government does not maintain a manned presence 24 hours a day and has no apparent monitoring equipment in place . The study was meant to simulate how easy it would be to cross the border with radioactive material or similar items . Senators voiced concern about the report 's findings during Thursday 's hearing . "  There may not be an awful lot of crossings across the northern border , but the vulnerability is obvious . ... Are you going to reassess it and redeploy personnel based upon the vulnerability of the northern border ? " Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana , chairman of the Finance Committee , pointedly asked Ronald Colburn , national deputy chief of the Border Patrol . "  We already knew this , senator , " Colburn answered . "  This is not a surprise report to us . " He defended the priorities set by the Border Patrol , pointing out that a vast majority of the traffic coming into the United States comes across the southern border , not the northern one . He also testified that federal authorities are making progress toward getting operational control of both borders . "  We are getting there , " Colburn said . "  We are bringing manpower . We are bringing ... unmanned aerial vehicles . We are bringing aircrafts . We are bringing boats , and we are bringing more manpower and sensing systems . " Investigators also noted several ports of entry have posted daytime hours and are not manned overnight . In addition , the GAO investigators identified a security vulnerability regarding federally managed land adjacent to the U.S.-Mexico border . "  These areas did not appear to be monitored or have a manned -LSB- Border Patrol -RSB- presence during the time our investigators visited the sites , " the report said . While the U.S.-Mexican border has received much of the national attention lately with the recent debate over illegal immigration , the report pointed out the dramatic disparity in the law enforcement presence at crossings there versus ones between the United States and Canada . As of May , the U.S. government had 972 Border Patrol agents on the northern border but almost 12,000 on the southern one . The United States and Canada share more than 5,000 miles of border , while the U.S. and Mexico share 1,900 miles . The border report was the second in two days to show how terrorists might find ways to strike the United States . CNN reported on Wednesday that the U.S. electrical grid could be vulnerable to a cyber attack that would make generators self-destruct . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Border Patrol official defends agency 's priorities to senators Unmanned points make for easy border crossings , report says Three times agents crossed border with fake radioactive material Nearly 1,000 agents on northern border , 12,000 on U.S.-Mexican border
West Liberty , Kentucky  CNN  -- Cleanup workers make plodding progress Monday in parts of Kentucky and Indiana where fresh snow complicated efforts to dig out of the destruction wrought by last week 's deadly tornadoes . About three inches of snow fell overnight in West Liberty , Kentucky . One resident there , George Weddington , worked to repair the roof of a building next to a more than 100-year-old church that had its top torn off . He recalled what he did during the storm . "  I was really praying for us -- and I realized I was being selfish -- and I just started praying for everybody , you know . I do n't know if that helped or not , but I did my best , " he said . Roads were slick as crews worked to restore power in tornado-ravaged areas . A fresh blanket of snow also covered storm debris in Henryville , Indiana , where residents were just beginning to pick up the pieces after two tornadoes hit the town , including an EF-4 twister , with winds of up to 200 mph . Debris and downed power lines forced authorities to block roadways . Half of the town remained without power and gas , Indiana State Police Sgt. Gary Jessee said early Monday . The tornado outbreak began Friday and extended into the next day , affecting millions of people from Indiana to Georgia . At least 42 tornadoes swept across 10 states on Friday , the National Weather Service said . Alabama town struck twice in one year By the time the powerful storm system faded , 40 were dead : 22 in Kentucky , 13 in Indiana , three in Ohio , and one each in Alabama and Georgia . The tornadoes paralyzed a large part of eastern Kentucky , one of several states that requested Federal Emergency Management Agency teams to help conduct assessments . "  The damage I saw yesterday was the worst I 've seen . ... It was a war zone , debris everywhere , buildings destroyed , other buildings just the walls standing , roofs gone . It was a terrible sight , " Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear told reporters Sunday , describing his visit to the tornado-ravaged town of West Liberty . As the focus turned to caring for survivors whose lives were turned upside down by the storm , hundreds of National Guard troops were deployed , while good Samaritans donated what they could . "  When something like this happens , everybody wants to ... pull together , to help each other out . That 's what it 's all about , " volunteer Victor Jett said . Bloomington , Indiana , resident Ron Stanhouse rushed to Henryville to help his college roommate after the storm . "  I had stopped and bought a generator and a chain saw and a bunch of gas and gloves , thinking maybe we were going to cut some trees and repair his house , " Stanhouse told CNN 's iReport , "  but there were no houses there . " Indiana State Police Sgt. Jerry Goodin said the destruction left authorities there with "  no idea how many people are left homeless . " In Henryville , about 20 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky , the EF-4 tornado destroyed schools , homes and businesses , leaving many parts of the town unrecognizable , Kevin Welz told CNN 's iReport . "  It is something you would expect to see in an end-of-the-world movie , " he said . A toddler who had survived the storm in New Pekin , about 20 miles west of Henryville , died Sunday afternoon after family members took her off life support , Jefferson County Coroner Bob Jones said . Tiny symbol of tornado survival dies The 14-month-old girl had been in critical condition , surrounded by extended family members at Kosair Children 's Hospital in Louisville , said hospital spokesman Brian Rublein . Her immediate family -- including her parents , 2-year-old brother and 2-month-old sister -- all were killed . In addition to the dead , hospitals continued to treat scores suffering from major trauma to minor injuries related to sudden ferocious spurts of high winds , powerful hail and drenching rains . More than two dozen people were injured in Hamilton County , Tennessee , where tornadoes Friday destroyed 77 homes and damaged hundreds more , Emergency Services Director Tony Reavley said in a statement . Residents and officials across the tornado-damaged areas said they were committed to rebuilding their communities . Beshear said residents in West Liberty and other parts of his state were showing their resilience . "  It 's going to be a long , long time to get that town back on its feet , but somehow or another I know they 'll want to do it , I know they will do it , and we 're going to help them do it , " he said . CNN 's Rob Marciano , Athena Jones , Dana Garrett , Chris Welch , Susan Candiotti , Jacqui Jeras , Daphne Sashin , Nicole Saidi and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : 40 were killed when tornadoes tore through five states NEW : "  I just started praying for everybody , " says one resident Snow falls on debris in West Liberty , Kentucky Roads are slick as crews work to restore power in tornado-ravaged areas
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published in December by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . Julian Zelizer says Woodrow Wilson got his Nobel Peace Prize at the end of a presidency marked by failure . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- Did President Obama deserve the Nobel Peace Prize ? That debate will likely continue for weeks to come . But the more interesting question may be about what impact the prize will have on President Obama himself and the key decisions he must make about national security . The case of Woodrow Wilson , the last sitting president to be awarded the prize , offers some useful lessons . On December 10 , 1920 , Albert Schmedeman , the American Minister to Norway , accepted the Nobel Prize on behalf of President Wilson , who was being honored for his work in creating the League of Nations . The president had first been nominated in 1918 , but strong internal disagreement within the committee delayed his receiving the prize . It was his actual campaign to gain ratification for the League of Nations agreement in 1919 that persuaded the committee he had earned the recognition . Schmedeman read a statement from Wilson , who was in poor health after suffering a stroke , that said : "  In accepting the honor of your award , I am moved by the recognition of my sincere and earnest efforts in the cause of peace , but also by the very poignant humility before the vastness of the work still called for by this cause . " Wilson realized that the award came toward the end of a presidency where he had failed to achieve many of his goals . There was a certain irony that the prize was awarded right at the time that President Wilson had failed to persuade the U.S. Senate to ratify the Treaty of Versailles , the agreement signed at the end of World War I . One of the Norwegian newspapers , the Aftenposten , ran an editorial that stated : "  After disappointment in Versailles he returned home a beaten man , ridiculed by his adversaries and fellow-citizens . By circumstances out of his control he was restrained from promoting his international peace work . As President of the United States he was unable to do anything more , but history will keep memory of him as creator of the League of Nations . "  To Europe and to great parts of America President Wilson looms as the man of peace who broke with the old doctrines and showed the way toward new ideas . He is , first and last , the great peace promoter -- popular among the victorious and among those beaten . " When Wilson received the Nobel Prize , his presidency was one of dashed expectations . In addition to the fact that the U.S. Senate had refused to ratify the Treaty of Versailles -- despite a massive campaign by the president to pressure them into doing so -- many other things had been difficult in Wilson 's second term . Though he had run for reelection in 1916 as a president who would keep the nation out of war , Wilson led American troops into a bloody battle . Although Wilson had promised fellow progressives that he would not abandon the domestic principles he had embraced in his first term , once the nation was at war , his administration violated civil liberties , imprisoned wartime opponents , and abandoned much of an interest in creating domestic programs that were unrelated to the war . And while many peoples of the world had been deeply inspired by President Wilson 's calls for self-determination , he backed off from pursuing those principles in exchange for international support for the League of Nations . Without American participation , the League of Nations ultimately proved ineffective in preventing war . Obama is fortunate that his Nobel Prize comes much earlier in his presidency . The Nobel Prize Committee granted the award to President Obama for "  his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples . " The secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee stated that Obama 's achievement has been to shift the international climate toward issues such as diplomacy and negotiation , arms control and disarmament , multilateral institutions , as well as democracy and human rights . The good news for President Obama is that while he has had a tough few months in office , he still enjoys strong approval ratings in the U.S. and , as the award indicates , has significant prestige abroad . In other words , even after all the town hall meetings and the challenges with his agenda , expectations remain high about what this president can do . The president enters a period when he will be making critical decisions that will help shape the "  international climate . " He will need to decide how strongly to push for climate control legislation , what to do about the requests for more troops in Afghanistan , how to handle counterterrorism policy with regard to issues such as the closure of Guantanamo , and how to respond to Iran 's nuclear program . As he makes these decisions , this award can serve as a powerful reminder about what his supporters were hoping he could achieve , and as a source of energy to pursue those goals . In his speech on Friday , Obama indicated that he was thinking in these terms . He said : "  I will accept this award as a call to action -- a call for all nations to confront the challenges of the 21st century . " When Woodrow Wilson died in 1924 , he understood all too well how devastating dashed expectations could be for a presidency . "  I am a broken piece of machinery , " he said on his deathbed . In Wilson 's case , the Nobel Prize only amplified the limits of what he had been able to accomplish in the White House and the promises he had broken along the way . In President Obama 's case , the award comes much earlier in his tenure and can serve a very different function , offering a compass to guide him as he makes critical decisions about national security in the weeks ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : The last sitting president to receive Nobel was Woodrow Wilson He says Wilson 's prize came at end of a very troubled presidency He says Obama is being honored at beginning of presidency Zelizer : Prize can serve as a moral compass to guide Obama 's actions
CNN  -- Attention all who drool over head-turning , rubber-burning cars : Here 's your candy store . This weekend the world famous Indianapolis Motor Speedway hosts two days of races between hundreds of vintage vehicles spanning the past 100 years . They 're billing the Brickyard Vintage Racing Invitational as the "  largest gathering of race cars in the United States . " Al Unser Jr. , Buddy Lazier , Parnelli Jones and Bobby Unser . Ever heard of these guys ? They 're Indy 500 winners . They 'll be there -- on the track and behind the wheel . The whole weekend threatens to be a 100-mph-plus parade of eye-popping race cars that would quite literally blow your hair back . But let 's be frank : This is a celebration of a time when race cars were , well , a helluva lot more interesting to look at . Right ? If you 've never seen the lines of Johnny Rutherford 's 1980 Indy-winning "  Yellow Submarine " Chaparral , do yourself a favor . Enjoy some eye candy . Same with Jones ' 1963 winning car "  Ol' Calhoun , " which took the checkered flag as it crossed Indy 's brick start/finish line . Respect Calhoun 's awesome side-pipe and its snazzy front-end air scoops . Both cars are expected to come out to play this weekend . Related : Hunter-Reay wins Indy 500 The 1960s , '70s and '80s offered a smorgasbord of car designs born from mechanical grit . Unser Jr. , a two-time Indy 500 winner , plans to get behind the wheel of a 1969 Corvette Sting Ray this weekend and "  open it up all I can , " he said . "  I 'm gon na drive it as fast as it 'll go . " These are cars that were truly unique . Some cars were shaped like wedges , some like tubes . Wings in the front . Wings in the back . Compare them to today 's designs -- both Indy and NASCAR . Nowadays there 's a lot of what Mark Dill calls , "  sameness . " "  There 's not just a hunger -- there 's almost a starvation for design now among auto racing fans , " says Dill , of the Sportscar Vintage Racing Association . "  They loved looking at the variety of cars , and this event is going to provide that in spades . " The weekend is sponsored by the association -- a race car restoration and preservation group dedicated to "  rolling art . " "  Some people collect art , " their website says . "  We race it . " In addition to the open-wheel Indy racers , the event plans to showcase Corvettes , Mustangs and Camaros from the '60s and '70s . Also invited : cars made by Ferrari , Porsche , Jaguar and MG . Related : Art museum features dream concept cars Related : Kurt Busch drives in two races on same day While car designs have remained much the same , other aspects of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway have been shifting gears during the past 20 years . The hallowed facility has embraced new ideas like no other time in its history . "  It 's changed a lot , " says Indianapolis Motor Speedway historian Donald Davidson , who 's been a part of the Indy 500 since the mid-1960s . Take for example , the Snake Pit -- known during the 1970s as a scandalous den of race-fan debauchery located in the infield . It made headlines in 1974 when dozens of naked race fans climbed the fence and "  streaked " down Turn One . After that , officials "  very subtly phased the Snake Pit out , " Davidson recalls . Five years ago , the speedway opened a safer , sanctioned , "  new-school " Snake Pit inside Turn Three , complete with international DJs , dancing , food trucks and volleyball . This weekend , overnight camping in the infield will be available for the first time , according to the speedway 's video . Related : Cuba races its classic cars Privately owned by Indiana 's Hulman family for nearly 70 years , the track executed an ambitious plan in the '90s to embrace other forms of auto racing , including Grand Prix and NASCAR . Indy 's Brickyard 400 NASCAR event sparked a new tradition at the century-old track . In 1996 , winner Dale Jarrett and crew chief Todd Parrott spontaneously got down on their knees and kissed Indy 's brick start-finish line . Within a year or two , everybody was kissing the bricks . It transformed into a major photo op for both the NASCAR and the Indianapolis 500 . Related : IndyCar technology can protect toddlers Some people who find themselves bored with race car design blame the rules . The IndyCar league requires teams to use the same chassis and engines . Critics say that limits car designs , and the sport suffers . Unser Jr. remembered the car he drove to his first Indy victory in 1992 , when teams were allowed to choose their own chassis . "  It was a Galmer car , " Unser said , referring to the car maker . "  We were the only ones with that kind of chassis in the race . " If the IndyCar league allowed teams to develop their own chassis once again , Unser Jr. said , "  It would help the innovation of the sport , but the cost would go through the roof . " Unser Jr. said new so-called "  aero kits " might help spice things up a bit . Beginning in 2015 , Chevrolet and Honda will offer IndyCar teams special body kits that include "  distinct aerodynamic configurations " designed to boost speed and "  improve the diversity of the fan experience , " according to IndyCar . Will any of today 's race cars earn their way into the museums and vintage shows of tomorrow ? A Facebook friend of Dill 's predicted that museums will largely remain the "  same as they are today because there is n't anything new to show , " Dill says . Some fear that the enthusiasm to "  ooh " and "  ahh " over the same car painted 25 different ways just wo n't be there . "  That may be a little hyperbolic , but it 's not far off , " says Dill . "  After all , it 's variety that stimulates the imagination . " See more CNN content about motorized vehicles at Cool Cars : Hot wheels and deals What do you think ? Are today 's race cars boring ? What can or should be done to shake things up ? Share your thoughts in the comment area below .	Indianapolis 500 track hosts vintage car race for the first time It 's billed as the "  largest gathering of race cars in the U.S. " The past 20 years have seen many changes at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indy league plans "  aero kits " to make car designs more interesting
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The Chinese authorities have contested reports that three Tibetans set themselves on fire last week in a remote area of southwestern China . The conflicting accounts followed an increase in security measures by the Chinese authorities in Ganzi , an ethnically Tibetan area of Sichuan Province , in response to violent protests that took place last month . The unrest has been fueled in part by reports of a string of self-immolations by Tibetans over the past year amid anger and despair over Chinese rule . Radio Free Asia , a U.S.-based nonprofit group , reported over the weekend that the three Tibetans had set fire to themselves on Friday morning in a village known as Phuwu and that one of them had died as a result . The group , which broadcasts in Asian countries that it says lack "  full and free news media , " attributed the information to unidentified sources . According to Radio Free Asia , Phuwu is in the county of Seda in Ganzi Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture , which is home to a population that is nearly 80 % Tibetan . Seda is known by Tibetans as Serthar . Free Tibet , a London-based organization that campaigns against Chinese rule in the Tibetan region , also reported the self-immolations on its website . It did not specify where it got the information from . But Global Times , an English-language newspaper run by the Chinese Communist Party , published an article Monday that disputed that version of events . It cited local government officials as saying that no self-immolations had taken place recently . "  Everything is all right here , although we still have no Internet access , " the newspaper cited Wang Yongkang , secretary of Seda county 's Party committee , as saying Sunday . A restriction on communications has been part of the security clampdown in the area . Wang said there had been rumors that some Tibetans would set themselves on fire but that "  it has not happened , " according to Global Times . The newspaper also cited Zhang Yang , an official from the publicity department of the Party committee of Sichuan Province , as saying that that he had not heard of any self-immolations over the weekend . Calls by CNN to government offices in Seda went unanswered Monday . The violence that has taken place in Ganzi recently appears to be the worst between ethnic Tibetans and the Chinese authorities since 2008 , when deadly unrest in the Tibetan capital , Lhasa , left at least 22 people dead . The Chinese government 's version of events in the region has regularly differed from those of groups like Free Tibet and the International Campaign for Tibet . Those advocacy groups have reported that the Chinese authorities have fired on unarmed protesters in at least three places in the past two weeks , killing several and wounding dozens . The Chinese state-run media have reported that at least one protester was killed in the clashes , but that the police fired in self-defense after the Tibetans attacked them . China has denounced the accounts of the violence by the advocacy groups as "  ill-intentioned hype " by "  overseas secessionist groups attempting to distort the truth and discredit the Chinese government . " Last week , the Chinese authorities blacked out a CNN television report on the situation in the region . Tibetans in Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan , told CNN that they wished for more freedom and the return of the Dalai Lama , their spiritual leader who fled to India during an uprising against Chinese rule in 1959 . Pro-Tibetan groups claim Tibetans have gradually become the minority population in their own homeland , as Han Chinese -- China 's main ethnic group -- have migrated to the region . Resentment among Tibetans spilled over in 2008 when a protest in Lhasa turned violent , as Tibetan mobs burned vehicles and shops and attacked ethnic Chinese . Tibetan exiles say more than 200 people died when Chinese security forces clamped down , but Beijing denies this , saying 22 people , mostly Chinese civilians , died during riots . Activists say tensions have remained high ever since .	Overseas groups have reported that three Tibetans set fire to themselves in China Local Chinese officials tell a state-run newspaper that the self-immolations did n't happen The Chinese authorities ' accounts have regularly differed with those of advocacy groups The reports come after a clampdown by Chinese security forces in the region
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Jackson fans who purchased tickets for his final concerts will receive a full refund or , if they chose , a commemorative ticket , the concert promoter said Tuesday . A fan shows off the first ticket bought at the O2 Centre in London for one of Michael Jackson 's concerts . "  The world lost a kind soul who just happened to be the greatest entertainer the world has ever known , " said Randy Phillips , president and chief executive officer of AEG Live . "  Since he loved his fans in life , it is incumbent upon us to treat them with the same reverence and respect after his death . " Fifty sold-out Jackson concerts were scheduled for the O2 Arena in London , starting July 13 , with admission costing at least $ 105 . The shows were billed as the final concerts of his career and were called "  This Is It . " Tell us what you think -- would you take the ticket or the refund ? Fans who decide they would rather have a souvenir will receive a ticket conceived by Jackson . There are eight designs that include holographic images of the entertainer on the front . Images of the tickets will be available on michaeljacksonlive.com in coming days , according to the promoter . Refunds will be processed by the issuing ticketing agencies -- See , Ticketline , Ticketmaster and Viagogo . Billboard magazine has estimated that $ 85 million in tickets were sold for the concert series . Additional packages , merchandise and secondary market sales could have raised the total to $ 115 million . AEG Live declined to comment on the figures . Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows . He died Thursday in California after his doctor found him in bed not breathing , but with a slight pulse . Efforts to revive the 50-year-old singer failed and he was pronounced dead at a Los Angeles medical center .	"  This Is It " ticket holders who choose a souvenir will get tickets conceived by Jackson Fifty sold-out Jackson concerts were scheduled to start July 13 in London Jackson was expected to earn $ 50 million from the London shows
CNN  -- Friends describe Mia Vayner as boisterous , outgoing and passionate . She 's not afraid to tell you what she thinks and has a wicked sense of humor . "  Mia is a go-getter , " says her wife Evelyn Vayner . "  She has lived a life with setback after setback ... yet she manages to look at the future and go after what she wants with more vigor and fight than anyone else I have ever known . " That innate drive made Evelyn certain Mia would accomplish her latest goal : to lose more than 250 pounds , despite her paraplegia . Evelyn met Mia while she was backpacking around Australia in the late 1990s . Mia grew up in the outback and offered to show Evelyn around . Their friendship quickly grew into something more . "  I realized that Mia was transgender and given that I 'm from NYC , I truly thought nothing of it , " Evelyn says . "  I was immediately taken by her openness . " The couple now lives in Flushing , Queens . Mia is a hotel consultant and blogger ; Evelyn works in publishing . At her heaviest in 2009 , Mia weighed close to 540 pounds . Evelyn had also battled obesity her entire life . Late-night binges , empty bags of chips and emotional eating were common in their house . One day , Mia decided she 'd had enough . "  A lot of people think once you 're in a wheelchair , you 're just nothing , " she says . "  The doctors said , ` There , there , good fat person . ' And I said , ` Screw that . ' " Mia ditched her motorized wheelchair and built a new one from a few broken chairs she got off Craigslist . Her "  Frankenchair , " as she called it , had a sporty design that allowed her to move more efficiently . She started off slowly -- pushing herself around the block . In the first month , she lost 50 pounds . By the time she had lost 100 pounds , she was pushing herself a mile every morning . Evelyn and Mia decided to change their diet , as well . A lifelong vegan , Mia had always eaten good food -- "  but you can eat a lot of vegan food . " They cut back on portion sizes and started shopping for locally grown , organic produce . "  When we set out to make this change , we knew that it would be a slow road , " Evelyn said . "  We wanted it to be a slow road because we knew that fast weight loss had always led to ultimate failure . " To keep her goal attainable , Mia told herself she would lose 10 pounds 30 times . She bought a fishbowl and pulled a treat out of it every time she reached another mini-goal . By April 2011 she weighed 325 pounds . "  I do cheat , " Mia says . "  It 's no good saying , ` I 'm never going to have chocolate cake again ' because your wife will find you on the floor at 3 a.m. with chocolate all over your face . " Mia does n't like to talk about the incident that left her partially paralyzed below the waist . A physical assault when she was young damaged the nerves in her back , severely weakening her spine . Another accident in her early 40s exacerbated the condition and left her with minimal feeling in her legs . "  I have n't stood up since Bush was president , " she likes to joke . But her disability has n't stopped her from doing the activities she loves . She does judo from her wheelchair . She swims 2 miles every morning and is thinking about competing in a triathlon . Mia also loves rock climbing . She and Evelyn joined the NYC Adaptive Climbing group and started climbing two to three times a week at Brooklyn Boulders . Kareemah Batts , founder of Adaptive Climbing Inc. , saw Mia 's determination her first day . In the beginning Mia was frustrated that climbing did n't come easily , Batts says , but she would n't quit . "  You 're fighting with your body to do something that it does n't do , " Batts told Mia . Mia now weighs 265 pounds and is still losing weight . Her cholesterol and blood pressure levels are normal , and she no longer has type 2 diabetes . She 's gone from wearing a size 36 dress to wearing a size 16 . "  The weight loss has changed her outlook on life and her self-respect , and also has given her another way to connect with her community , " Evelyn says . "  It has reinvigorated our mutual interest in all kinds of things we thought were not possible . "	At her heaviest , Mia Vayner weighed around 540 pounds Mia decided to ditch her motorized wheelchair and built a manual sport chair She now swims two miles every morning and rock climbs regularly
CNN  -- Mohsen Rezaie may have little chance of winning Friday 's presidential election in Iran , observers say , but they believe he 's running with a purpose : getting rid of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Mohsen Rezaie could garner enough conservative votes to swing Iran 's election , experts say . "  He came there just to defeat Ahmadinejad . He did n't come to win , " said Mehdi Khalaji , a senior fellow with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Hardliners disappointed with Ahmadinejad and reformers eager for new leadership are both glad Rezaie is running , Karim Sadjadpour wrote in a recent article for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , where he is an associate . "  Intimidating in appearance and lacking in popular appeal , reformists are happy to have Rezaie in the race , believing he can take some of the votes from Ahmadinejad in the first round , " Sadjadpour wrote . Khalaji said the incumbent will lose votes at both ends of the political spectrum . Watch how the campaign is a watershed for Iran " "  Look , everybody in this country wants Ahmadinejad out , " Khalaji said , "  except the Supreme Leader and his organizations . " Rezaie , no ally of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei , was a founder of the Revolutionary Guard in 1979 and its leader from 1981 to 1997 , a period that included the devastating eight-year war with Iraq . "  Iranian people do n't like the military at all , " Khalaji said . "  He 's considered a military man , despite his claims that ` I 'm a civilian . ' But his image is associated with war , and people do n't like it . " Many people blame Rezaie for prolonging the war and failing to achieve victory , Khalaji said . In an interview this week in the Los Angeles Times , Rezaie said the conflict taught him "  that war is a terrible thing , that we should do everything to avoid war . " "  Look at what happened to us , the chemical weapons attacks on Iranian cities and Halabja -LSB- in Iraq -RSB- , " he told the newspaper . "  War is a terrible thing . I saw dead people and crushed children , families destroyed and fleeing from their homes , here in Iran but also there in Iraq . "  I also learned the value of unity , " he went on . "  The war created a fusion between the population and the state . Everybody was together and everybody was united . I learned the value of self-sacrifice and martyrdom . " Rezaie has been linked to terrorism . The 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut , Lebanon , by Revolutionary Guard client Hezbollah occurred under his watch . The blast killed 241 Americans . Rezaie is one of several people indicted in Argentina for the 1994 bombing of Jewish and Israeli sites in Buenos Aires . He has denied responsibility for those attacks . In the Los Angeles Times interview , Rezaie said he sees an opportunity for improving relations with the United States . "  I propose to put together a package of eight or nine topics that the U.S. and Iran would work toward , " he told the paper . "  What is important is to just start the talks . It can be on drug trafficking , it can be anything , but the idea is just to start some kind of dialogue . If we solve one or two problems , we 're on our way . " Watch how the campaign has heated up at the end " Rezaie is a member of Iran 's Expediency Discernment Council , a "  council of elders " from many parts of government and society whose job is to reconcile the needs of the state with the rulings of the Council of Guardians , the arbiter of Islamic law in Iran . Rezaie was raised in a poor family in southern Iran and founded the Manssouroun , a paramilitary force that resisted the reign of the Shah , Khalaji said . That experience led directly to his role in founding the Revolutionary Guard , a force created by revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei to protect against coup attempts by army officers who remained loyal to the Shah . The Revolutionary Guard eventually came to dominate the military . In 1998 , Rezaie 's son Ahmad fled Iran and sought political asylum in the United States , but eventually was persuaded to return home and now is a wealthy businessman , Khalaji said .	Presidential candidate Mohsen Rezaie led Revolutionary Guard for 18 years His only goal in campaign is to undermine incumbent , Iran expert says Rezaie led Revolutionary Guard during war with Iraq , Beirut bombing He tells newspaper he would seek to improve relations with United States
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Moments after returning from visiting Rep. Gabrielle Giffords at the hospital , the congresswoman 's six-time campaign chairman said Sunday that he is confident that she will survive , though the extent of her recovery remained unclear . "  The doctors are pretty clear that we just have to wait and see , " Mike McNulty told CNN in an exclusive interview . The impact on Giffords ' family has been huge , he said . Asked how her husband , astronuat Mark Kelly , was faring , McNulty said , "  He is a Navy combat fighter and he can take about anything , but this is a terrible experience . " Asked about Giffords ' ability to survive a 9mm slug to the head , McNulty said , "  I can only think that God has more important things planned for her in the future . " Even as he acknowledged that the motive for the shooting remains unknown , McNulty faulted Giffords ' opponents in last year 's elections for stirring up emotions in the campaign to an unacceptable level . "  There were rallies around her office that seemed designed to intimidate her staff , which simply does n't seem very American to me , " he said , though he added that he never felt threatened . The rallies were organized by members of the Tea Party around Giffords ' support for President Barack Obama 's health care bill , he said . "  There was a level of vituperation that no one has ever seen , and there was , you know , the famous incident of people showing up with handguns and losing control of handguns that just fall in the street and brandishing handguns . " He added , "  That 's where the Tea Party , I think , went over the edge . They thought it was fun to talk about using your firearms to solve political problems , and I do n't think that 's fun . " Tea Party advocates have condemned Saturday 's shootings . "  These heinous crimes have no place in America , and they are especially grievous when committed against our elected officials , " said Amy Kremer , chairman of the Tea Party Express . "  Spirited debate is desirable in our country , but it only should be the clash of ideas . An attack on anyone for political purposes , if that was a factor in this shooting , is an attack on the democratic process . We join with everyone in vociferously condemning it . " McNulty credited Giffords with having a special ability to work from the center with all sides in politics , a strength that served the Democrat well in an overwhelmingly Republican state . "  If you look at the demographics , you would not think that she could get elected , " he said . "  The way she inspires people reminds me a little bit of when I worked for Mo Udall  the former Democratic Arizona congressman  and the people that worked for Ted Kennedy  the late Democratic senator from Massachusetts  -- people who would walk through a wall for the people they believed in . But , unlike them , she does n't inspire by leading from one of the fringes . "  She is a genuine centrist and being inspirational from the center is not that easy , but she can do it and she causes people to just simply love her . " CNN 's Drew Griffin contributed to this story	"  God has more important things planned for her , " says her campaign chairman He faults Giffords ' opponents for rallies "  that seemed designed to intimidate her staff " "  She is a genuine centrist " Tea Party advocates have condemned the shootings
Three days before Independence Day , Milton Hall died in a fusillade of police gunfire outside a strip mall . He had been arguing with officers in a parking lot next to a shuttered Chinese restaurant when he was shot , in full view of passing motorists and while he was holding some sort of knife . Saginaw County Prosecutor Michael Thomas said later that the squad of police confronting him opened fire "  because apparently , at this point in time , he was threatening to assault police . " Thomas ' office and the Michigan State Police are investigating Hall 's death . Saginaw Police Chief Gerald Cliff said Hall was "  known to be an assaultive person " with "  a long history " of contacts with law enforcement , "  not only with police from our department but with the county . " Hall 's cousin , Mike Washington , acknowledged Hall had been jailed for minor offenses like vagrancy in the past , but , "  He was not violent . " And Hall 's mother is growing impatient with the probe and questions why police opened fire so furiously on her son , whom she said was mentally ill . The chart blog : Mental health "  It appeared to be a firing squad dressed in police uniforms , " Jewel Hall told CNN from her hometown of Albuquerque , New Mexico . "  There was another way . They did not have to kill him . He had not done anything . He was not violent . He was not a murderer . He was not a criminal . " Jewel Hall said her son had once trained as a civil right activist , been an avid reader and played football . He had lived in Saginaw for 35 years and received Social Security disability payments for a mental illness , but , "  He knew his rights . " "  Everybody knew him . The police knew him well , " she said . "  So that 's another question : they knew him , so why ? Why did they kill him ? " WJRT : Community questions police shooting The July 1 shooting happened in a parking lot on West Genessee Avenue , a busy commercial strip on the north side of Saginaw . In a video purchased by CNN , shot by a motorist from across the street , the 49-year-old Hall is seen arguing with a half-dozen officers . For more than three minutes , he walks back and forth , and at one time appears to crouch in a "  karate stance , " according to the man who captured the scene . Police said Hall had just had a run-in with a convenience store clerk . On the video , he tells police , "  My name is Milton Hall , I just called 911 . My name is Milton , and I 'm p -- ed off . " When an officer tells him to put the knife down , he responds , "  I ai n't putting s -- t down . " He appears unimpressed by a police dog , telling officers , "  Let him go . Let the motherf -- ing dog go . " Finally , he turns to the left of the frame , where another officer had moved out of view a short time earlier . It 's then that the police open fire with a reported 46 shots in a five-second hail of bullets . "  I 'm stunned that six human beings would stand in front of one human being and fire 46 shots , " Jewel Hall said . "  I just do n't understand that . It 's a lot of pain in that because it only takes one shot , so the question is why ? " She questioned why none of the cameras in the police cars at the scene recorded the shooting -- "  none of them work . " "  So that 's the question I have and the community has is , what 's taking so long ? " she said . "  Why is not being transparent ? " Lou Palumbo , a former Long Island police officer , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that the video is "  a perceptive nightmare " for a police department and could reflect a lack of training by the officers . "  This was n't a scenario where he was discharging a weapon in their direction , " he said . But Palumbo added that the shooting may yet be determined to be justifiable . "  One of the things the public has to understand , an individual wielding a knife at you at about 20 feet can be on top of you in a split second , " he said . "  The public does n't know this because they do n't do this for a living . " Neither state police nor the prosecutor 's office would comment on the investigation . In a written statement to CNN , the state police said , "  Our focus is on conducting a complete and thorough investigation , rather than a hasty one . " But Saginaw City Councilman Norman Braddock , who also has criticized the pace of the investigation , said the probe should be a "  top priority . " When CNN showed Braddock the video , which he had n't seen before , he said , "  This is disturbing . " "  I can see what people are traumatized at , looking at something like that , " Braddock said . "  We need answers . " Jewel Hall said her family is conducting its own investigation into the shooting , "  and at the end of that investigation we will decide what next steps to take with our legal advisors . "	Milton Hall was killed in a confrontation with police in Saginaw , Michigan "  It appeared to be a firing squad dressed in police uniforms , " his mother says Prosecutors and state police are investigating Hall 's killing His family says he was mentally ill and questions why the probe is taking so long
CNN  -- Are Syrian forces using chemical weapons in their years-long fight to hold on to power ? That 's what the head of the Israel Defense Forces intelligence research and analysis division said Tuesday , becoming the latest to allege that Damascus was employing weapons banned under international law against its own people . The claim further stoked the debate about the international community 's role in Syria , where the United Nations estimated this month that 70,000 people have been killed since the conflict flared in March 2011 . U.S. President Barack Obama , for one , has said the Syrian government 's use of chemical weapons against its own people would be a "  game changer " in how his and other nations address the crisis . On Tuesday , his nation 's top diplomat said Tuesday that the United States does not know definitively that such chemical weapons had been deployed . In fact , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also did not confirm the use of such weapons when the two spoke by phone earlier in the day . "  The information that I have at this point does not confirm it to me  in a manner  that I would feel comfortable commenting on it as a fact , " Kerry said . Israeli Brig. Gen. Itai Brun , though not offering any direct evidence , stated firmly on Tuesday the belief that Syrian forces have increasingly used "  ground-to-ground missiles , rockets and chemical weapons . " He specified that sarin gas -- an odorless nerve agent that can quickly kill thousands by causing convulsions , paralysis and respiratory failure -- was most likely used , as were "  neutralizing and nonlethal chemical weapons . " Brun pointed to one episode on March 19 in which , he said , "  victims suffered from shrunken pupils , foaming from the mouth and other symptoms which indicate the use of deadly chemical weapons . " "  According to our professional assessment , the regime has used deadly chemical weapons against armed rebels on a number of occasions in the past few months , " said Brun , according to quotes provided by the IDF . In a letter to the U.N. secretary-general in December , Syria said the United States had falsely accused it of using chemical weapons . Chemical weapons frightful , relatively inexpensive Before the Israeli official 's announcement Tuesday , a United Nations-led investigation was already looking into accusations of chemical weapons use by the Syrian government . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned Tuesday against jumping to conclusions by repeating the "  Iraqi scenario " in which claims that Saddam Hussein 's government possessed so-called weapons of mass destruction were the basis of the U.S.-led invasion . Lavrov accused other nations of "  politicizing the issue . " Further , he criticized how international investigators looking into an alleged use of chemical investigators in Aleppo had demanded access to to all facilities in Syria and to have the right to interview any Syrian . "  I believe that is too much , " Lavrov said . U.S. : Chemical weapon use ` difficult to confirm ' While he did n't detail a possible U.S. response , White House spokesman Jay Carney on Tuesday called the potential use of chemical weapons inside Syria "  unacceptable . " At the same time , he said , "  The use of chemical weapons is difficult to confirm . " In addition to Syria 's possible use of chemical weapons against rebels , another concern is that parts of the government 's stockpile of chemical weapons -- which analysts believe is one of the world 's largest and includes sarin , mustard and VX gases -- could end up , if they have n't already , in others ' hands . A senior U.S. official told CNN on Tuesday that Syrian government forces have carried out several movements of chemical weapons during the past month . Months of warnings , speculation swirl around Syria 's chemical weapons U.S. officials said they believe the chemical stockpiles remain under government control , but the movements have complicated the U.S. effort to keep track of them . Asked last week at a hearing whether the United States could guarantee that it could secure Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile if the government were to fall , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff was noncommittal . "  Not as I sit here today , simply because they have been moving it , and the number of sites is quite numerous , " said Gen. Martin Dempsey . Pentagon spokesman George Little said Tuesday that the U.S. stresses to Syria , "  in the strongest possible terms ,  its  obligations ... to safeguard its chemical weapons stockpiles and not to use or transfer such weapons to terrorist groups like Hezbollah . " Israeli minister : It 's clear that chemical weapons were used in Syria Addressing the press Monday , a day before Brun 's briefing , Israel 's defense minister did not seem to indicate that his government has absolute proof of chemical weapons use in Syria . But if there was , Israel is prepared to act . "  We are ready to operate if any rogue element is going to put his hands or any chemical agents are going to be delivered toward rogue elements in the region , " Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said . Analyst : ' A fantastic weapon of fear ' Syria is n't one of the 188 nations that have signed on to the Chemical Weapons Convention that prohibits the production , stockpiling and use of chemical and biological weapons . Fellow Middle Eastern nations having taken a similar stance , officially refusing to sign on until Israel signs the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . Yet Syria has denied having such weapons , as well as using them during its ongoing civil war .  Damascus has accused rebels of using such weapons , though , including in an attack last month in the northern province of Aleppo that state media claimed killed 25 people .  It 's also expressed concerns that its government might be falsely implicated if "  terrorists " -- a term it uses to refer to rebel fighters -- employ such weapons . Report : Syrian officials claim chlorine , saline mix used in Aleppo attack "  What raises concerns ... is our serious fear that some of the countries backing terrorism and terrorists might provide the armed terrorist groups with chemical weapons and claim that it was the Syrian government that used the weapons , " the state-run news agency SANA reported . Unlike nuclear weapons , chemical weapons are inexpensive to develop and stockpile . This lends them a disproportionate importance for Syria and the region , analysts say . "  In the Middle East , chemical weapons have been seen as a possible counter to Israel 's nuclear weapons , " Susan B. Martin of the Department of War Studies at King 's College London said in March . Dina Esfandiary , a research associate at the International Institute for Strategic Studies , said last month that Syria embraced a chemical weapons program as a way to bolster its strategic strength despite economic weaknesses , especially after Israel imposed a series of humiliating military defeats on the Arab world . Syria 's chemical weapon potential "  The best way to operate asymmetrically was for Syria to have its chemical weapons program , " she said . According to Esfandiary , chemical weapons ' utility is "  quite limited , " as they are more of a deterrent than a real battlefield or tactical weapon . "  If you shoot a missile at a population center , you can be fairly certain that anyone it hits will die , " she said . "  Chemical weapons use is not as clear-cut as that . It depends on topography , weather , how you deliver the chemical weapons , and you ca n't always be clear it will cause maximum casualty . " Their real power is in psychological , she said . "  It 's a fantastic weapon of fear . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia 's foreign minister warns of claiming chemical weapon use without proof NEW : He accuses some nations of trying to "  politicize the issue " "  In all likelihood , they used sarin gas , " an Israeli intelligence official says The top U.S. diplomat says he has not gotten confirmation of chemical weapon use
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton on Thursday became the first U.S. secretary of state to visit East Timor since the developing Southeast Asian nation gained full independence from Indonesia 10 years ago . Clinton arrived in the capital , Dili , on Thursday morning for meetings with President Taur Matan Ruak and Prime Minister Kay Rala Xanana Gusmao . Her schedule made it impossible for her to watch a live broadcast of the speech by her husband , Bill Clinton , at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , on Wednesday night . As she toured a coffee cooperative in Dili , a project manager showing her around remarked that Clinton 's husband had "  a big job today . " "  He does , " Clinton said . "  He 's probably doing it as we speak . " She will have to watch her husband 's speech on playback later , an aide traveling with her said . Clinton is visiting a nation still working to find its feet . East Timor celebrated its 10th birthday as an independent nation in May , but it still suffers bouts of political violence and faces stiff economic challenges to alleviate high poverty rates . The country ranks 147th out of 187 countries in the United Nations ' most recent Human Development Index , which rates countries on life expectancy , education and income . Clinton is expected to announce funding for scholarships for students from East Timor to study in the United States , a senior State Department official said . A day earlier , Clinton held talks with a string of Chinese officials in Beijing but appeared to gain little traction on the sensitive issue of the competing maritime claims of China and its neighbors in the region . After receiving a hostile welcome in editorials and articles in the Chinese news media when she arrived Tuesday , Clinton also had to contend with the abrupt cancellation of her planned meeting with Vice President Xi Jinping , who is expected to become the next Chinese president . Beijing attributed the decision to unspecified scheduling reasons . China talks tough in Japan island dispute After meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi on Wednesday , Clinton repeated the U.S. position on the territorial disputes between China and other countries in the South China Sea , urging those involved to "  begin to engage in a diplomatic process toward the shared goal of a code of conduct . " Tensions over territorial disputes have spiked this year between China and a string of countries around its coastline -- from Vietnam in the south to Japan in the northeast -- and the United States has been drawn into the fray . But Beijing , which prefers to tackle the disputes bilaterally , has reacted angrily to Washington 's involvement in the matter , accusing the U.S. State Department of "  unfounded accusations " and showing a "  total disregard of facts . " At the joint news conference with Clinton on Wednesday , Yang took a more diplomatic tack , saying that "  freedom of navigation and safety in the South China Sea is assured . " But even while Clinton was in Beijing , the Chinese government was maintaining a heated diplomatic back-and-forth on another territorial controversy , this one concerning a set of small islands in the East China Sea also claimed by Japan and Taiwan . The uninhabited islands are known in Japan as Senkaku and in China as Diaoyu , and are privately owned by a Japanese family . Interactive : Asia 's disputed islands - who claims what ? Some Japanese media outlets reported Wednesday that the Japanese government had agreed to buy the islands from the family , a claim the government 's chief Cabinet secretary , Osamu Fujimura , declined to confirm , saying talks on the matter were continuing . But that was enough to prompt a stern response from Hong Lei , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman . "  I want to emphasize again that any unilateral actions taken by the Japanese regarding the Diaoyu Islands are illegal and invalid , " he said . "  We are closely monitoring the developments and will take necessary measures to defend our territorial sovereignty , " Hong added . Furious anti-Japan protests erupted across China last month when a Japanese group sailed to one of the disputed islets and symbolically waved Japanese flags . China does n't seem eager for the United States to get involved in the quarrel . The Global Times , a Chinese newspaper affiliated with the ruling Communist Party , said in an editorial published Tuesday that Clinton 's diplomacy in the region "  has fomented frictions between China and some surrounding countries . " It called on her to "  reflect upon the deep harm she is bringing to the Sino-U.S. relationship . " More : Islands dispute reopens old wounds CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong ; and Jaime FlorCruz and Chi-Chi Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	East Timor is a young country still facing economic and political challenges Clinton is the first U.S. secretary of state to visit since independence Her schedule means she misses her husband 's Democratic Convention speech She is in East Timor after a difficult visit to China on Tuesday and Wednesday
CNN  -- When it comes to cloudy , rainy days , Portland , Oregon , ranks high among U.S. cities . But even with all that moisture , the tap water for hundreds of thousands in and around this Northwest city is n't safe to drink , authorities say . The Portland Water Bureau on Friday urged about 670,000 people in its region to boil water they drink , use to prepare food or make ice , or brush their teeth with after three tests came back positive for E. coli bacteria . "  Boiling water is an inconvenience , but it 's the best way to protect until more information on the extent of contamination is known , " water bureau director David Shaff told reporters . Customers cleared bottled water off supermarket shelves in the hours after the announcement . Rose Festival CityFair -- an annual festival along Portland 's waterfront -- was also affected , with event spokesman Rich Jarvis telling CNN affiliate KOIN all vendors were told to dump any food or drink products that somehow used tap water and start over . Jared Brown , from the southwest Portland restaurant Mama Mia Trattoria , told KOIN that his staffers went out to buy 20-gallon jugs of water and bags of ice , while boiling heaping amounts of water for use . What his restaurant is not doing , though , is closing . "  We have reservations this evening , " Brown said , "  and I 'm not letting them down . " Online people have responded to the situation -- in some cases with anger , in many others with humor . One man accused Portland -- "  a city where it rains â ... " of the year " -- of being "  dumb about water " issues . Another blasted officials for it being three days between the first positive test and when officials decided to tell the public . Others had less serious takes on the predicament , like one who sarcastically screamed on Twitter about the " #Portland Boil Water Notice Apocalypse 2014 ! #onlybeerissafe . " One man tweeted , "  I always thought Portland water tasted like poop . Now I know why . " And there was one opportunist who joked  one thinks  he 'd sell Two Buck Chuck -- wine that sells for $ 2 at Trader Joe 's -- "  for only $ 200 a bottle . " In shades of the cult comedy show "  Portlandia , " one tweet featured a well coiffed boy wearing a crisp denim button-down shirt and a hefty scarf , with his hands in his pockets and his bespectacled eyes staring straight at a camera . It also had this caption : "  This is a Portland hipster child . For just .30 / day , you can help provide him with clean drinking water . " Such light jabs aside , the ordeal is proving to be a major inconvenience to many . The first sign of trouble came Wednesday , when a "  routine sample " taken the previous day tested positive for E. coli . Fresh tests in and around that area came back clean , as did most other tests . But there were also two additional samples that did not . "  Independently , we had all of these things happen . Normally , ... there would be nothing further , " Shaff said . "  The state , though , has said with these three incidents right after the other , we 're going to require you to  act  . " The boil water advisory affects customers of the Portland Water Bureau and water districts for Burlington , the city of Gresham  north of Interstate 84  , Lake Grove , Lorna Portland Water , Palatine Hill , Rockwood , Tigard Water Service Area  including Durham , King City and Bull Mountain  , Valley View and West Slope . All tap water in those areas should be boiled at a full rolling boil for at least one minute , officials said . Ice or beverages prepared with tap water on or after May 20 should be discarded , officials said . Dr. Paul Lewis , the interim Multnomah County Health Officer , urged people to follow the recommendations . At the same time , he downplayed the threat to the community , saying he did n't "  think there will be any detectable increase in diarrheal illness . " "  We think , overall , this is a very cautious approach that we 're taking , " Lewis said . "  We think that the risk to the public is very low . " This is n't the first time residents of northern Oregon have been asked to take such precautions . The Portland Water Bureau issued a boil water alert to 135,000 area households in 2012 and to 50,000 residents in 2009 , both because of E. coli contamination , the Portland Oregonian reported . Both those restrictions were lifted the next day . Will the current advisory be similarly short-lived ? Portland residents wo n't find out the next steps until Saturday morning , when the next set of results are in . What to know about E. coli E. coli symptoms , prevention and treatment CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Customers clear bottled water from market shelves ; restaurants take precautions Several water districts , including parts of Portland , are affected by the boil notice The earliest the advisory can be lifted is Saturday , when the next results come in "  We think that the risk to the public is very low , " a local health officer says
Parenting.com  -- My mother gave birth to my older brother in a hospital in Malawi in rural East Africa , where she and my dad were in the Peace Corps . Then she ran herself a hot bath and shared a bowl of curry with her neighbor . When she had me , two and a half years later , she chose a freestanding birthing center , 45 minutes from our house in upstate New York , where I popped out after two hours of labor and only a couple of pushes . She went home a few hours later . Both of these birth experiences , she always said , were joyous , easy and free of angst -- there was no medical establishment pressuring her to give birth in a particular way , or in a particular time frame . So when she started hearing about how most people give birth in America today -- the C-section rate is around 34 % and medical interventions are practically par for the course -- she thought perhaps America had lost sight of the best ways to have babies . Surely , she thought , other countries and cultures know better how to handle this most basic human experience . "  I assumed there would be a better model in the developing world , based on my experience in Malawi , " my mother , Helaine Selin , told me , "  a more humane and mother-friendly way of giving birth . " She set out to find how women give birth in the non-Western world , which culminated in a book she edited called "  Childbirth Across Cultures : Ideas and Practices of Pregnancy , Childbirth and the Postpartum . " What she discovered deeply surprised her ... and not necessarily in a good way . Parenting : 12-year-old gives birth on field trip Many cultures and countries had either replicated the American way of birth -- we have exported the C-section model to many remote regions -- or they have clung to traditional methods that are , at best , disrespectful of women ; at worst , the methods are downright dangerous . All around the world , she found , childbirth is a battlefield , and women have to fight everyone from surgeons to mothers-in-law for control over their bodies and their births . Traditional childbirth : womanly ways are n't always safe Some 536,000 maternal deaths occur each year , 99 % of them in developing countries . Childbirth in countries that have n't modernized the birth experience is still very much women 's work , attended mostly by women who are n't always trained in modern methods of hygiene . While the camaraderie of women in childbirth is commendable , even enviable , childbirth in these places can be oppressive , and many mothers are denied choices , or even harassed , during labor . Nepalese women , for instance , are sometimes pressured to push the baby out before their bodies are ready . Hmong women must give birth alone , without expressing any pain or discomfort , as do women in Nigeria ; one in 18 die during the process . Tibetan women often give birth in animal pens . If Bangladeshi women give birth in a hospital , they 're often berated by the staff and prevented from reciting religious verses that they traditionally use as a source of comfort and pain management . Women in Uganda and Bangladesh are looked down upon for expressing the pain of childbirth , which usually happens at home . Korean women are discouraged from getting pain medication but often have episiotomies forced on them . Few developing countries have health insurance that covers the cost of childbirth ; even if a poor woman wanted a safe birth in a medical facility , she probably could n't afford it , or even the cost of transportation to get there . The book reveals that in countries without good health insurance and without good medical facilities , hospital birth is not necessarily any safer than home birth ; both arenas leave much to be desired . Parenting : 9 things you should never say to your child The American way of birth : C-sections as status births While traditional childbirth in many cultures left much to be desired , my mother was just as surprised to find a second trend . Many cultures that had unique and non-medical approaches to birth even five or 10 years ago have replicated American-style births . "  The American way of birth is spreading around the world the way blue jeans and Coca-Cola have , " she writes . In more developed parts of Asia , especially , the tradition of home birth -- attended by midwives and relatives -- has either disappeared or is only engaged in by the poorest and most rural of women . Almost all women in China , Japan and Korea now give birth in hospitals . In the more urbane parts of China , C-sections are considered highly desirable , a sign of status and wealth ; some hospitals have C-section rates as high as 90 % . The end of joy in childbirth ? Many would n't consider this an inherent problem . After all , along with the exportation of American biotechnological birth , and the rise of C-sections , we 've seen dramatic decreases in infant and maternal mortality rates . That 's probably not because of C-sections -- infant mortality rates from voluntary C-sections are higher than they are for vaginal births -- but because of improved health care and international strides to improve the safety of childbirth around the world . The problem , as my mother sees it , is that making childbirth a medical experience detracts from it as an emotional experience . "  We have given up the ecstasy of childbirth for a sterile , safe , vacant experience , " she writes . The joy is gone , and replaced with technology . Parenting : Totally ridiculous baby products War of the births Women who have had C-sections might argue with her : mothers love their babies no matter how they gave birth to them , and what matters more than an ecstatic childbirth is a healthy child . What might be more serious is the lack of safe conditions in non-Western countries , and the lack of choice . Even with vast improvements in education of traditional birth attendants , and expansion of medical services to rural areas , childbirth is still very much a war all over the world . No matter how you give birth , or where , my mother 's book reveals that in almost every culture , people are struggling for dominion over an experience that is almost impossible to control . Wanting that control is understandable , of course , especially when childbirth has been , historically , one of the most dangerous experiences a woman could have . The best births : choices in childbirth This is n't to say that there are n't exceptions to the rules , or that there are n't countries and cultures where childbirth is both safe and celebrated . The best places to give birth are those where attendants honor the pain and help women through it , giving them the opportunity to have the kind of birth they want . The Navajos have a beautiful , if rare , tradition of home birth , where the mother and father labor together while a traditional healer performs blessings . Western Europe tends to have lower C-section rates and higher breastfeeding rates , and childbirth is usually attended by a midwife -- doctors are called in only if there are true medical complications . Hospitals are mother-friendly , with labor lounges and room for family to aid the mother as she progresses . Where does my mother recommend giving birth ? Your best bet , she says , is Sweden , which has homey hospitals , midwife attendants and happy mothers . In Sweden , she says , "  they try not to treat childbirth like a disease . " Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Countries replicate the American way of birth or continue with traditional methods 99 % of maternal deaths each year occur in developing countries The focus on medical birthing procedures may distract from its emotional power Sweden is a standout birthing country
CNN  -- Researchers believe the number of children who have an autism spectrum disorder  ASD  is much higher than previously believed , according to a new study published Monday in the American Journal of Psychiatry . By looking at a total population sample in South Korea , the study authors estimate that 1 in 38 children in the country -- or 2.64 % -- has some form of autism . The approach is a new one . Previously , researchers have examined only children known to have the neurological disorder or at high risk of developing it . The study authors predicted that if similar studies were conducted in other countries , the prevalance estimates would also go up . The research also led the study authors to believe that more girls than previously thought fall under the autism umbrella . What is autism ? In the United States , the most recent estimates from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  for autism prevalence are about 1 % or 1 in 110 children , based on population studies in a select number of areas around the country . In this new study , researchers looked at all 55,000 school children in a large metropolitan community of Seoul , which they say is representative not only of South Korea , but also many other developed nations . According to the study , researchers began with 55,266 7 - to 12-year-old students . Parents and teachers were asked to fill out an autism screening questionnaire . Parents of 23,234 of the children in the regular school system responded . All 294 children already enrolled in special education or on the disability registry were considered to have tested positive for an autism spectrum disorder . From the initial assessments , 1,214 students screened positive for some form of autism . Only 286 went on to get a full clinical evaluation , of which 201 were diagnosed with some form of autism . Using mathematical algorithms , researchers estimate 1 in 38 children in South Korea have an autism spectrum disorder . "  Are we surprised ? Yes , " said Dr. Young Shin Kim , lead author of the study and assistant professor at the Child Study Center at the Yale School of Medicine . Kim said the prevalence estimates in the study , which happened to take place in South Korea , are higher than previous estimates elsewhere , including but not exclusively the United States . Kim said she believes if more studies like this are done in other countries , they , too , will find an autism rate of 2-3 % , while acknowledging that more research needs to be done to validate the study results . In depth autism coverage on The Chart The study does n't mean that suddenly many more children have autism , Kim said . Instead , she suggests "  they have been there all along but they were not counted in previous prevalence studies , " and that "  two-thirds are in the community unrecognized and untreated . " Roy Richard Grinker , a cultural anthropologist at George Washington University and one of the co-authors of the study , said he thinks the study 's estimates are "  surprising " but he does n't think they are alarming . What these estimates tell us , he said , is that "  autism is more common than we think it is . " Autism and communication Grinker said he would compare the situation in South Korea to where the United States was 20 years ago , as far as autism awareness goes . He said when the study began in 2005 , South Koreans believed that autism was rare in their country . He cited one South Korean official who he said estimated the prevalence of autism to be about 1 in 100,000 . At that same time , the CDC estimated autism prevalence to be about 1 in 150 children and Australian researchers believed it to be around 1 in 160 children . Since then , new research has led to a 1 in 110 prevalence estimate . When asked about the newest estimates , Dr. Marshalyn Yeargin-Allsopp , chief of the Developmental Disabilities Branch of the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities at the CDC , said , "  We 've always said that what we report is an underestimate . " She said there are different ways to determine prevalence and that the CDC is considering a total population study of autism , but that it is not yet under way . Vanderbilt University 's director of the Treatment and Research Institute for Autism Spectrum Disorders  TRIAD  , believes the new data adds to what 's already been known about ASD in other parts of the world -- that autism is not rare . But Dr. Zachary Warren , who did not participate in the study , also said , "  In the current study the authors sampled from a population , noted that many folks from this sample did not participate , and performed diagnostic evaluations on a relatively small number of children . As such , these concerns suggest interpreting the 2-3 % prevalence rate reported with significant caution as it may in fact be an overestimate related to how they studied this specific community in Korea . " Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , Ohio , said the results of this study  which he also was n't part of  , suggest that what the numbers tell us is "  that  many  children in this district in Korea have difficulties with social/communications skills . " "  We have to be careful not to confuse them with other conditions that can also cause problems in these realms like ADHD and social anxiety disorders , " he said . What makes Monday 's study different from other autism studies is that researchers sought out children in regular schools . According to the researchers , few children in South Korea are put in special education classes . Grinker said about 10-12 % of school children from K-12 classes receive some form of special needs education , but that in Korea that figure is far lower , maybe under 1 % . He attributes that to a law that mandates inclusion , which makes it difficult to provide special education . Also , children in regular schools in Korea are in school for up to 12 hours a day , with highly structured , large classrooms , and few opportunities for socialization . Many of the children who were identified with an autism spectrum disorder through this study were found to have a higher IQ , but had poor socialization skills , one of the hallmarks of autism . "  I think many children with autism can do well in that highly structured situation and may not get flagged as having a particular problem , " Grinker said . This may explain why many children with autism in South Korea may go unnoticed and may explain a significant difference with children in the United States . Dr. Geraldine Dawson , chief science officer of the advocacy group Autism Speaks , which funded part of the study , believes the most important finding is that the research shows that using "  the comprehensive sampling approach ... has the potential to yield an autism prevalence estimate that exceeds previous estimates . " Grinker believes the most important message from the study is not the numbers , but that it suggests that "  autism is more common than we previously thought and that , if we look hard enough , cases will be found and these children need treatment so they can thrive . " Dawson also believes that the study clearly confirms that autism is a significant global public health concern that transcends cultural , geographic and ethnic boundaries . It also shows that it 's possible to translate and adopt screening and diagnostic approaches developed in English-speaking countries to effectively assess prevalence in other countries . Autism Speaks is funding similar research in India , South Africa , Mexico and Taiwan , Dawson said .	A new study estimates 1 in 38 South Korean children has some form of autism The estimate is based on a new approach to autism research Study authors call the findings "  surprising " The study was published in the American Journal of Psychiatry
CNN  -- Olivia Wise , a teenager who refused to let an inoperable brain tumor kill her spirit , died Monday . Olivia gained fame in the last weeks of her 16-year-long life when a Katy Perry song she recorded in a Toronto studio in September became a viral hit online . "  She died peacefully in her home surrounded by the extraordinary love of her family , " a family statement sent to CNN said . The teenager said that she did n't want people crying at her funeral , but that they should celebrate her life , her mother wrote in a letter to CNN . Her version of Perry 's hit "  Roar , " which she recorded in September after learning there were no more treatments available , drew the attention of Perry after it was published on YouTube in October . "  I was very moved and you sounded great , " Perry told her in a video posted on YouTube . "  I love you . A lot of people love you and that 's why your video got to me . It moved everybody that saw it . " Perry concluded with : "  Keep roaring ! " The international attention drew more than a million viewers to Olivia 's song and helped raise $ 77,000 for the Liv Wise Fund that was started in her name in support of brain tumor research . The video shows OIivia sitting in a wheelchair in the middle of the studio , singing softly at first and struggling with her breaths . " 'Cause I am a champion , and you 're gon na hear me roar . " Her energy grows and she smiles as she sings "  I got the eye of a tiger , a fighter , dancing through the fire . " "  Olivia is a fighter and has gone through the fire , " her cousin wrote in the post under the video posting on YouTube . "  In fact , she was going through the fire while she recorded this song , but you would n't know it , because she was dancing right through it . " Her family posted another song video on YouTube just days before Olivia 's death . She wrote "  Simple Girl " -- a song about how she wanted to live life -- when she was 11 . The only time she sang it was on September 6 , during the same session in which she recorded "  Roar . " Teen featured in viral video dies "  In many ways , Olivia has lived a shortened , but full life , " her mother wrote in the letter to CNN . Wise was diagnosed with a very aggressive form of brain cancer in January 2012 after she suffered a seizure . She rarely complained about the grave prognosis , her mother said . "  Every day , she wished for a cure , and rarely succumbed to negative thoughts . " "  To tell the truth , her diagnosis did n't change her personality , " her mom said . "  It only enhanced it . She took the news in a mature , reasonable , responsible way . ... Even in the most difficult moments , she managed to bring laughter and friendship to all that were caring for her . " Visit The Liv Wise Fund CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Olivia Wise 's recording of ` Roar ' became a viral online hit in October The 16-year-old was diagnosed last year with terminal brain cancer "  She died peacefully in her home " Monday , her family says The family released another song by Olivia called "  Simple Girl "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Disneyland employee pleaded not guilty Thursday to felony possession of a destructive device in a public place during an incident where two water bottles with dry ice exploded in the theme park , authorities said Thursday . Christian Isaiah Barnes , 22 , of Long Beach , California , was arraigned Thursday , and his bail was set at $ 500,000 , said Farrah Emami , a spokeswoman for the Orange County district attorney 's office . His next court date is a pretrial hearing on June 7 , Emami said . The charge against Barnes carries a maximum prison sentence of six years , the district attorney 's office said in a statement . Barnes , an employee at Disneyland in Anaheim , California , allegedly possessed two water bottles containing dry ice -- which can make for a destructive device called a dry ice bomb , the prosecutor 's office said . The devices caused small explosions in Disneyland , authorities said . On Tuesday , Barnes was being relieved of his shift at a Disneyland vending cart outside Mickey 's Toontown , prosecutors said . When Barnes opened the vending cart , the first water bottle with dry ice exploded , the prosecutor 's statement said . Then Barnes allegedly took the second water bottle from the cart and , as he walked to the employee break room through Toontown , allegedly placed it in a trash can , prosecutors said . Barnes allegedly left the area , and a custodian removed the trash bag and placed it on the ground , prosecutors said . The custodian walked away from the bag to clear another trash can , and then the water bottle in the bag exploded , authorities said . Visitors were cleared from Toontown for about two hours as authorities investigated , though the rest of Disneyland remained open . Disney World vows action after report of wealthy hiring disabled to skip lines To Disney or not to Disney ? Boy pulled from Disney resort pool dies	Bail is set at $ 500,000 for Disneyland employee Christian Isaiah Barnes , 22 He is charged with felony possession of a destructive device in a public place He was allegedly behind two water bottles with dry ice exploding in the theme park
CNN  -- Here we go again . Christmas is upon us , and that means some people are getting sensitive about holiday greetings . In modern-day Texas , however , residents are now statutorily permitted to use the greeting of their choice without fear of legal reprisal : "  Merry Christmas , " "  Happy Hanukkah " or "  Happy holidays " . State Rep. Dwayne Bohac helped last year to pass what is now known as the Merry Christmas law . He and the Texas Legislature wanted to ensure students could exchange traditional holiday greetings and display Christmas trees , menorahs and Nativity scenes at school , as long as more than one religion and a secular symbol are included . Constitutionally , this protective legislation is not really required , and teachers can wish holiday greetings without fear of liability . On the other hand , this law may allay any fears state employees have about exercising their rights to merrymake on government property . It feels like this sort of thing did n't happen 30 years ago . When I was a kid , holiday greetings were the least of our worries . As kids , my brothers and I had other worries about what we 'd hear during the Christmas season . We worried about hearing the voice of that Duffy kid down the street : His holiday greetings consisted of bad words and 70 mph snowballs . We worried about hearing there were no presents this year because , according to Mom , "  Santa " already spent all "  Santa 's " money on cartons of Virginia Slims . Comparatively then , we were not too worried about whether we heard "  Merry Christmas " or "  Happy holidays " at school . Maybe we 've run out of problems . Maybe it 's because things are so much better now that we focus on that which never bothered us before . Or maybe it 's because of a growing chasm of distrust between parents and school lesson plans . After all , this Texas statute was conceived by a legislator who was dismayed to hear his kids report on a "  holiday tree " at school instead of a "  Christmas tree . " Of course , the First Amendment probably already protects our nonsecular greetings anyway . The Texas ACLU 's official position is direct , if not hyper-technical : "  I think it 's stupid , " said Terri Burke , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Texas . According to Burke , there is no "  war on Christmas " and no real need for this law . She may be right -- legally , that is . The Supreme Court cases in this area have focused less on greetings and more on the public display of symbols of the holiday season and whether they are in violation of the Establishment Clause  Amendment 1  of the United States Constitution . The Supreme Court recently observed that if a practice "  touches upon " religion , it is impermissible under the Establishment Clause if it advances or inhibits religion in its principal or primary effect . The court has held for some time that the Establishment Clause , at minimum , prohibits government from appearing to take a position on questions of religious belief , or from making adherence to a religion relevant in any way to a person 's standing in the political community . With that , some might argue that "  Merry Christmas " is "  taking a position " â $ " specifically , an impermissibly Christian position on holiday greetings . But the Supreme Court reminds us what we 've known for a while : Christmas celebrations can have a religious purpose , but they can also have a secular purpose . As long as the state has not impermissibly advanced religion or created an excessive entanglement between religion and government , there is no strict requirement for complete separation between Christmas and state . The Supreme Court notes that Christmas is a holiday recognized by Congress and national tradition . When the state depicts origins of that holiday , it can do so , and have a legitimate secular purpose . Legally , Christmas litigation always raises fascinating and important First Amendment issues . However , even this fan of constitutional law must concede that practically , perhaps we should n't be making federal cases out of whether kindergarten teachers can wear a Santa hat to class or hand out candy canes . As much as it may be a compelling academic question , we have to consider the argument that we are frittering away our valuable court resources on these yuletide issues .  Then again , maybe determining the limits of the Constitution is necessarily a worthwhile , albeit costly , investment . Ultimately kids do n't even care about "  holiday trees , " secular greetings and excessive entanglement . It 's the adults : parents , teachers and legislators . Kids care about one thing : presents . Especially my 6-year-old nephews . They do n't care if the wrapping paper reads "  Happy Flag Day " or "  Budweiser "  way to go , Mom  . As long as there 's a robot inside . And that 's what Christmas is really about . Wait a minute , that does n't feel quite right either ... Ah well . Happy holidays , all the same .	Texas passed a law allowing "  Merry Christmas " and "  Happy holidays " Danny Cevallos : Constitution makes it clear such a law is n't needed Courts are OK with religious expression in public places most of the time Cevallos : Government ca n't be entangled with religion , but there 's no strict separation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Key measures of President-elect Barack Obama 's economic recovery plan are facing a barrage of criticism from some Senate Democrats , with one charging that the plan 's tax breaks were a return to "  trickledown " economics . Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , says many of the tax credits in the stimulus plan amount to "  trickledown " economics . During a lengthy closed-door meeting Thursday evening with Democratic senators on Capitol Hill , Larry Summers , chosen to head the National Economic Council , and senior Obama adviser David Axelrod heard complaints about the stimulus plan , according to two senior Democratic aides who attended the meeting . "  The concern seemed to be that people feel like the infrastructure projects are certain to create jobs and the business tax breaks are less certain to create jobs , and that 's what our focus needs to be , " one of the aides said . Democrats also appealed to the Obama team to figure out a way to ensure that money for roads and bridges filters down to cities , counties and local planning boards . The aide said some members are "  fearful that governors will have all the say . " Wisconsin Democrat Ron Kind , a member of the House tax writing committee , described the meeting as a discussion on a variety of proposals . "  I do n't think anyone really expects this stuff is going to come down from some mountain written on tablets and given to the Congress . But certainly , there 's going to be a lot of deference toward what the administration is thinking , but there are areas that can be tweaked and improved upon , " Kind said . Democrats made it clear that they plan to put their stamp on the massive economic stimulus bill . New York Democrat Charlie Rangel , who chairs the tax panel , said negotiations are continuing about which specific tax proposals will remain in the package . Obama wants a bill on his desk by mid-February , putting negotiations on a fast track . The Obama team will return Sunday for another session with Senate Democrats . Summers held back-to-back meetings Friday , first with the full House Democratic caucus and then with the Democratic members of the Ways and Means committee , which is drafting the tax cut part of the plan . On Thursday , key members of Obama 's party emerged from a closed-door meeting of the Senate Finance Committee criticizing central tax measures of the president-elect 's proposals . Watch Obama explain his tax proposals " In particular , members criticized said they did not think the idea of giving employers a $ 3,000 tax credit for each employee they hire would work . "  I 'd rather spend the money on the infrastructure , on direct investment , on energy conversion and other kinds of things much more directly and much more rapidly and much more certainly create a real job , " said Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts . Several Democrats also said they were down on a tax proposal for payroll tax credits -- amounting to about $ 20 per paycheck and totaling $ 500 per person and $ 1,000 for couples earning less that $ 200,000 a year . Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , said he doubted that proposal would do much to stimulate the economy . "  We have an example from the first stimulus that indicates just giving people $ 500 to $ 600 , while certainly welcome when there 's this much economic hurt , may not be the best use of stimulus , " Wyden said . Instead , pumping more money into infrastructure spending would be more effective in creating jobs , Wyden said . None of the senators CNN spoke with after the Finance Committee meeting said they thought the opposition to these provisions would derail the bill but suggested that many meetings would be needed with the Obama team to hammer out an agreement . On the other side of the Capitol , House Democratic Whip Jim Clyburn , D-South Carolina , said Democrats were discussing including the alternative minimum tax as part of the package , in addition to the payroll tax cut and business tax credits the Obama team has proposed . Clyburn made it clear that Hill Democrats are n't inclined to give Obama everything he wants . "  Democrats are going to be Democrats , " he said . "  We 're creative thinkers . We do n't believe in group think . " Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that House committees will begin action on Obama 's proposed economic recovery package in the next couple of weeks , with a vote in the full House slated for the week after Obama 's inauguration . In a speech Thursday , Obama said it was imperative that Congress move quickly to pass the stimulus package once he takes office . "  We start 2009 in the midst of a crisis unlike any we have seen in our lifetime , a crisis that has only deepened over the last few weeks , " Obama said at George Mason University in Virginia . Watch Obama call for "  dramatic action " on the economy " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Some want to ensure money for infrastructure projects reaches cities NEW : House Democratic whip says Hill Dems not inclined to approve entire package Some balk at plan to give employers $ 3,000 tax credit for each worker hired Speaker Nancy Pelosi sets full House vote on stimulus for week after inauguration
People wearing Islamic-style clothing and large beards are banned from riding public buses during the Xinjiang Sports Games in northwestern China , a Communist Party-run newspaper reports . The ban went into effect Monday in the city of Karamay , in the country 's restive northwestern Xinjiang region . It applies to passengers who wear veils , large beards , as well as three types of Islamic dresses -- including those with the star and crescent symbol -- according to the Karamay Daily , a newspaper affiliated to the Chinese Communist Party . Dozens of public bus stations in the city will be manned by security personnel to conduct checks . The bus ban is being touted as one of a number of a security measures as the city hosts the 13th Xinjiang Sports Games , a large event in the autonomous region , the paper said , citing the event 's organizing committee . The ban will be enforced through August 20 , when the Games come to an end . Officials said those who violate the ban will be reported to the police , the paper reported . Uyghur rights groups have criticized the measure , calling it a "  green-light " for racism . "  Officials in Karamay city are endorsing an openly racist and discriminatory policy aimed at ordinary Uyghur people , " Uyghur American Association president , Alim Seytoff said in a statement . "  The concern is officials feel they can flaunt the laws of China in order to implement Xi Jinping 's one year anti-terror campaign that appears more and more to be a wholesale onslaught against the Uyghur peoples ' religious beliefs and practices . "  What this bus ban tells us is that Uyghurs in China have fewer rights than other citizens , even in their homeland , and that it green-lights discrimination against Uyghurs by ordinary Han Chinese . " Dozens of public bus stations in the city will be manned by security personnel to conduct checks . The ban on bus riders wearing beards and Islamic-style clothing does not specifically single out Uyghurs , but its language clearly points to them as potential targets of the restrictions . It comes about a month after the Chinese authorities in the region banned students and civil servants from fasting during Ramadan , the Muslim holy month . In recent years , the Xinjiang region has seen an uptick in violence between Uyghurs and Han Chinese over economic and other issues . Last week , nearly 100 people -- most of them "  terrorists , " according to state media -- were killed in an attack in the region . A total of 37 civilians died , and police "  gunned down 59 terrorists , " the Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua reported , bringing the death toll to 96 . There have been numerous attacks in the region , where tensions are simmering between Uyghur Muslims , a Turkic people , and Chinese Han people . A Muslim separatist group founded by militant Uyghurs has been blamed for terrorism in the area , the Council on Foreign Relations explains . Xinhua said the "  mastermind " behind the attack last week "  had close connections with the terrorist organization , " known as the East Turkestan Islamic Movement . Karamay is a resource-rich city of some 450,000 people located in northwest Xinjiang , which has a dense Uyghur population .	Bus ban criticized as "  green-light " for racism against Uyghurs in Xinjiang Measures imposed during Xinjiang Sports Games which ends on August 20 Ban includes wearing Islamic-style clothing on public buses Men with large beards are also banned from taking the bus
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- On the same day it ratcheted up its rhetoric against North Korea , South Korea on Monday decided to put off an artillery drill on the island central to the latest conflagration between the two nations , state-run media reported . South Korean military officials "  delayed " the drill on Yeonpyeong Island that had been scheduled for Tuesday , according to the official Yonhap News Agency . Earlier , island residents had been told to move to bomb shelters for the drill . The announcement came as North Korea stepped up its threats recently on its southern rival , as well as the United States , if any military activities infringe on what the communist nation considers its territory . South Korea earlier deployed more long-range artillery and rocket launchers to the border island in the Yellow Sea , which was struck by North Korean shelling last week , according to military officials quoted by Yonhap . Also Monday , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak warned that North Korea will face severe consequences if it launches another military attack across its southern border . "  If the North commits any additional provocations against the South , we will make sure that it pays a dear price without fail , " Lee said in a nationally televised address . "  We are aware of the historic lesson that a disgraceful peace achieved through intimidation only brings about greater harm in the end . " Lee said Monday that South Korea "  can not remain patient " in the face of continued hostility from Pyongyang . "  Fellow citizens , at this point , actions are more important than words , " Lee said in a televised address . "  Please have trust in the government and the military and support us . " The divided peninsula -- tense at the best of times -- has been near the boiling point since Tuesday , when four people died in a North Korean artillery barrage that targeted Yeonpyeong Island . Lee called the attack an "  inhuman crime " that followed decades of attacks by North Korea , including the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March . North Korea has consistently denied responsibility for the sinking of the Cheonan , which killed 46 South Korean sailors . "  It is difficult at this point to expect North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons or military adventurism , " Lee said . "  We are now clearly aware that we can not stay patient and be generous . That will only give rise to bigger provocations . " Lee 's address came a day after South Korean and U.S. forces started joint military exercises , prompting a furious response from North Korea . The aircraft carrier USS George Washington joined South Korea 's forces near the coasts of China and North Korea for the four-day drill , which the North called "  no more than an attempt to find a pretext for aggression and ignite a war at any cost , " according to the official Korean Central News Agency . China , North Korea 's closest ally , called Sunday for an emergency meeting of the six major powers involved in talks about the Korean peninsula . Top diplomats from the six nations -- which also include Japan , the United States and Russia -- need to meet soon to "  maintain peace and stability on the peninsula and ease the tension " in the region , Beijing 's special representative for the region , Wu Dawei , said Sunday . A top Chinese envoy met with Lee on Sunday , and a high-ranking North Korean official will visit Beijing on Tuesday , China 's Xinhua news agency said . South Korea said Sunday that it did not think the time was right for a resumption of the six-party talks but said it would "  bear in mind " the Chinese proposal . In Washington , a State Department official said that the United States is consulting with its allies but that resumed six-party talks "  can not substitute for action by North Korea to comply with its obligations . " "  Clear steps by North Korea are needed to demonstrate a change of behavior , " said the official , who was not authorized to speak for attribution . And U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that the flare-up exposed the failure of "  continued appeasement " of North Korea by Republican and Democratic administrations . He said the United States has given North Korea more than $ 1 billion in aid over the past 15 years with the goal of getting them to the negotiating table . "  It seems the purpose of everything is to get the North Koreans to the table , " said McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  The North Koreans ' only claim to their position on the world stage is their nuclear capability . And they have a terrible , most repressive , oppressive regime in the world . They have hundreds of thousands of people in slave labor camps . And all of that seems to be sacrificed in the altar of , quote , ` negotiations . ' " Meanwhile , the Washington-based ANSWER Coalition called for "  an end to the U.S.-South Korean provocations " and announced rallies in New York and Los Angeles and San Francisco , California , on Monday . "  The United States and South Korean governments have been pursuing a policy of deliberate provocation over the past several months , " targeting North Korea and China , ANSWER 's website states . "  While hypocritically calling for ` calm ' in words , Washington is escalating the crisis by its actions , " it said , referring to the U.S.-South Korea military exercises and the USS George Washington . In his Monday speech , South Korea 's Lee said efforts to resolve the international standoff through negotiations and humanitarian assistance to the North were met with "  nuclear development and the sinking of the Cheonan . " He said the attack on Yeonpyeong Island would have been unlawful even in wartime , adding , "  I can not but be angered at their cruelty . " North Korea said the South provoked the attack because shells from a South Korean millitary drill landed in the North 's waters . The North called reports of civilian casualties part of South Korea 's "  propaganda campaign " and accused the "  enemy " of creating "  a human shield by deploying civilians around artillery positions and inside military facilities before the launch of the provocation . " The violence has sparked anger and political turmoil in South Korea . The country 's defense minister , Kim Tae-young , resigned after the exchange of fire . Veterans of the South Korean military protested over the weekend on the streets of Seoul , saying they were angry that their country 's government had not done enough to respond to the North 's shelling . The tense maritime border between the two Koreas has become the major military flashpoint on the Korean peninsula in recent years . The Yeonpyeong attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . North and South Korea are still technically at war . Journalists Andrew Salmon and Jiyeon Lee and CNN 's Stan Grant , Alan Silverleib and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korea cancels live artillery drill on disputed Yellow Sea border island South Korean President Lee Myung-bak warns North will pay a price if it attacks again South Korea will consider a Chinese call for emergency talks among six major powers North Korea calls the U.S.-South Korea military exercises a pretext for war and aggression
CNN  -- Books , notebooks , pens and a fully loaded , semi-automatic gun . The first few items are standard classroom material , but not the last -- which is why a 15-year-old boy at Toronto 's Jarvis Collegiate Institute ended up under arrest , according to police . Officers went into the teenager 's classroom around 1:15 p.m. Friday and arrested him on charges that included unauthorized possession of a firearm , careless storage of ammunition and carrying a concealed weapons . He is set to appear in court at Toronto 's Old City Hall on Saturday morning , police said . According to its website , Jarvis Collegiate Institute is the oldest secondary school in Toronto , having been founded in 1807 . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	A 15-year-old boy is arrested at Toronto 's Jarvis Collegiate Institute He had a loaded , semi-automatic gun with him in his classroom , police say
CNN  -- The revelation that nearly 800 children may have been buried in an unmarked mass grave at a former Catholic-run home for unwed mothers in Ireland is "  sickening " and must be investigated , the country 's top Catholic clergyman says . Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin has issued a statement urging anyone with information about mass graves to go to the authorities . "  The Gospel message is that authentic faith is measured by how we treat children who represent Jesus Christ , " Martin said in the June 5 statement . On June 1 , the Irish Mail on Sunday cited a local historian as saying she believed 796 children who had died between 1925 and 1961 at a home run by the Sisters of Bon Secours had been buried in an unofficial grave beside the home 's old location in Tuam , County Galway . Local children stumbled upon the grave in the 1970s , Irish media reported , but the site was never examined afterward . The historian , Catherine Corless , told The Irish Times Saturday that she had bought death certificates for the children but she found that there had been no burial records . The revelation has sparked calls for an investigation and renewed questions about the treatment of unmarried mothers and their children by the Catholic Church and institutions associated with it . ` Full bodied inquiry ' The Dublin Archdiocese said Martin had asked the Diocesan archivist to compile information on mother and baby homes in Dublin several months ago . Hundreds of documents had been collated but none so far contained information concerning mass graves , it said . "  The Archbishop has said he will share this information with any inquiry the government will establish . He expressed the hope that a full bodied inquiry will be set up , examining all aspects of life in the homes and crucially how adoptions were organized . " In an interview with Ireland 's national broadcaster RTE Sunday , Martin said it was important that any commission investigating the graves be given "  full judicial powers . " "  I also think it 's very important that the commission be clearly separate from church/state or any other organization that was involved in it , " he told RTE . "  I 'm not too sure we can throw the entire blame at the church , I think that would be wrong to do that . There was a society in which there was a sort of collusion between the church and state institutions , " Martin said . The archbishop called for a commission to be established to study the social context of the period . Government response Minister for Children and Youth Affairs Charlie Flanagan said in a statement Wednesday that "  active consideration " was being given to how to address the details that had emerged . "  Many of the revelations are deeply disturbing and a shocking reminder of a darker past in Ireland when our children were not cherished as they should have been , " he said . Government departments are working together to establish the best course of action , said Flanagan . Opposition parties Sinn Fein and Fianna Fail have urged a comprehensive government inquiry into the matter . Archbishop Michael Neary , who heads the Tuam archdiocese , last week welcomed any government move to examine what happened at the home . "  It will be a priority for me , in cooperation with the families of the deceased , to seek to obtain a dignified re-interment of the remains of the children in consecrated ground in Tuam , " he said . ` Magdalen Laundries ' The Tuam case is the latest high-profile episode in which the state and Catholic Church have been called to account over care of the most vulnerable in Irish society . A government report last year into the so-called Magdalen Laundries , run by various Catholic orders , acknowledged that Ireland 's government sent thousands of women and girls to "  harsh and physically demanding " workhouses , where they worked and lived without pay , sometimes for years . The laundries operated from 1922 to 1996 . While some were sent there by courts , others were unmarried mothers , victims of sexual abuse , orphans considered a burden to relatives or the state , or were mentally or physically disabled . And earlier this year , Philomena Lee -- whose decades-long search for the son she was forced to give up for adoption in the 1950s was the subject of an Oscar-nominated film -- launched the Philomena Project in hopes of compelling the governments of Ireland and the United States to open access to adoption records . Lee met with Pope Francis in February . Read more : Outcry over reported mass grave CNN 's Laura Smith Spark contributed to this report .	Archbishop of Dublin has called for anyone with information to share it According to local media , children in Tuam stumbled upon the grave in the 1970s A local historian has concluded that children from a Catholic-run home were buried there
CNN  Six people , including five foreigners , face execution by firing squad in coming days in Indonesia , as the country 's new president upholds a hard line on drug offenders . The executions were announced Thursday by Indonesia 's recently appointed Attorney General HM Prasetyo , who said in a statement that preparations for the executions were almost complete . He said the executions had been scheduled after petitions for clemency to Indonesian President Joko Widodo were rejected late last month . Widodo had previously told a university audience he planned to reject the 64 appeals for clemency he had received from drug offenders on death row . The four men and two women to be executed hailed from Brazil , Malawi , Nigeria , the Netherlands , Vietnam and Indonesia , said Prasetyo . Among them is Brazilian Marco Archer Cardoso Moreira , 53 , who would be the first of his countrymen ever to be legally executed abroad , said Leonardo Monteiro , counselor at the Embassy of Brazil in Jakarta . "  The embassy of Brazil is doing its best to try to postpone the execution , " he told CNN , saying it was scheduled for this weekend . "  We are trying everything we can through the proper channels . " Brazil does not have the death penalty on its books , he said . The condemned man had been in jail since 2003 , after having been caught at Jakarta airport with 13 kilograms of cocaine , he said . Sentenced to death in 2004 , he lodged a petition for clemency in 2010 , according to a statement from the Attorney General 's office . The government of the Netherlands is also protesting the planned execution of Indonesian-born Dutch citizen Ang Kiem Soei , who was condemned to death in 2003 for drug trafficking . "  The Netherlands resolutely condemns the planned execution , " Friso Wijnen , spokesman for the Foreign Affairs Ministry of the Netherlands , told CNN , adding that his government was making "  every effort to the highest level " to prevent it . Also sentenced to death and facing likely execution this year are the two Australian ringleaders of the so-called "  Bali Nine " ring , arrested in 2005 with more than 8 kg of heroin . Human rights groups have slammed the executions , calling for them to be stopped . "  Tackling rising crime rates is a legitimate goal of President Widodo 's administration , but the death penalty is not the answer and does not work as a deterrent to crime , " said Rupert Abbott , Amnesty International 's research director for Southeast Asia and the Pacific . Phelim Kine , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Asia division , accused Indonesia of double standards in lobbying to prevent the execution of its nationals overseas , but refusing requests by the Brazilian government to extradite Moreira to serve out his sentence in his home country . Indonesia , which has extremely strict drug laws , carries out executions by firing squad . The country resumed executions in 2013 after a four year break , but no executions were carried out in 2014 .	Six people convicted of drug offenses face imminent execution , says Indonesian official The condemned , including five foreigners , had their appeals for clemency rejected by the president Rights groups have slammed the resumption of executions , after an execution-free 2014
CNN  -- Former "  Frasier " star Kelsey Grammer and wife Kayte Walsh Grammer are expecting twins , the actor said Sunday . He made the announcement backstage at the Golden Globes after winning the award for best actor in a TV drama series for his roll in "  Boss . " "  I 'm really looking forward to meeting these new arrivals in our lives , I really am , " he said . Grammer , 56 , married the 32-year-old former flight attendant in February in New York , just after Grammer 's divorce became final from his third wife , Camille Donatacci , who appears on "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills . " He predicted Sunday that Kayte will be an "  extraordinary " mother . "  She 's one of the most loving , amazing , warm human beings I 've ever met , " he said . Grammer currently portrays Chicago Mayor Tom Kane in the Starz series "  Boss . " He closed his Globes acceptance speech by thanking his wife "  for the future and what a magnificent year it 's been . " Grammer and Donatacci had two children -- Jude , now 7 , and Mason , 10 . Grammer also has daughters Spencer , 28 , and Greer , 19 , from previous relationships . He told CNN 's Piers Morgan in October that "  I think  Donatacci  married me because I was Frasier . " Grammer also told the CNN host that his "  parting gift " to his third wife was her role in the reality series "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills . " "  Whether or not it worked well for her does n't matter , " Grammer said . "  It was my way of saying , ` Look , you always wanted to be famous . Here you go . ' " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Grammer is "  looking forward to meeting these new arrivals " The "  Frasier " star married Kayte Walsh Grammer in February Kelsey Grammer has four other children from previous relationships
Jennifer Lawrence does not mince words about the hacking that put her personal nude photos in the public eye : It 's a "  sex crime , " she said . In an interview with Vanity Fair , Lawrence expressed anger that the pictures -- which were released as part of a wide-ranging hack of celebrity nudes on August 31 -- were exposed . 5 things to know about the celebrity nude photo hacking scandal "  It is not a scandal . It is a sex crime , " she told VF 's Sam Kashner . "  It is a sexual violation . It 's disgusting . The law needs to be changed , and we need to change . " Lawrence was among several celebrities who reportedly had their photos hacked . Others included Aubrey Plaza , Avril Lavigne , Gabrielle Union , Hayden Panettiere and Kate Upton . Lawrence admitted that she was initially mortified that her private pictures had made it onto the Internet but noted that being a celebrity does n't mean that every detail of her life should be public . "  Just because I 'm a public figure , just because I 'm an actress , does not mean that I asked for this , " she said . "  It does not mean that it comes with the territory . It 's my body , and it should be my choice , and the fact that it is not my choice is absolutely disgusting . I ca n't believe that we even live in that kind of world . " Who 's at fault over J-Law 's photo hack ? The photos were made for a longtime boyfriend with whom she was in a long-distance relationship , she added . "  I was in a loving , healthy , great relationship for four years . It was long-distance , and either your boyfriend is going to look at porn or he 's going to look at you , " she said . Lawrence says she 's moved on , but she wants something positive to come out of the event -- especially for the tabloids and gossip-mongers who feasted on the news . "  You have a choice . You do n't have to be a person who spreads negativity and lies for a living , " she said . "  You can do something good . You can be good . Let 's just make that choice . "	Jennifer Lawrence tells Vanity Fair that her hacked nude photos are "  violation " Lawrence was one of many celebrities who had nude pictures put online Photos were meant for longtime boyfriend , Lawrence said She hopes tabloids think twice about such things in the future
Health.com  -- Intrauterine devices  IUDs  prevent unwanted pregnancies , and as an added benefit they may also help protect against cervical cancer , according to a new study in the Lancet Oncology , a British medical journal . Women who use IUDs are roughly half as likely to develop cervical cancer as women who have never used one , the study found . Nor does IUD use appear to increase the risk of human papillomavirus  HPV  infection , a known cause of cervical cancer . European researchers combined and analyzed data from nearly 20,000 women around the world who participated in various studies and surveys between 1985 and 2007 . The new analysis does not prove that IUDs directly prevent cervical cancer ; it simply suggests that the devices are associated with a lower risk of cancer for reasons that are n't fully understood . Health.com : Which birth control method is best for you ? "  This study does not show cause and effect , " says Mehdi Moslemi-Kebria , M.D. , a gynecologic oncologist at the Cleveland Clinic who was not involved in the new research . "  For that you would need a prospective , randomized study . But this does tell us with pretty good accuracy that an IUD is not a risk factor for cervical cancer . " Compared to women who had never used an IUD , the study participants who had used the devices had 44 % lower odds of developing squamous cell carcinoma , by far the most common type of cervical cancer . They also had 54 % lower odds of developing adenocarcinoma cancers and a mixed type of cancer known as adenosquamous carcinoma . Roughly 12,000 women in the U.S. -- the majority of them over 30 -- receive a cervical cancer diagnosis each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most cases are caused by a persistent infection with HPV , a common sexually transmitted virus that is usually defeated by the body 's immune system .  Pap smears can tell if HPV is damaging the cervix . Health.com : Top 10 myths about safe sex In the study , which was funded by the World Health Organization  WHO  and several other government and philanthropic organizations , IUD use neither increased nor decreased the risk of HPV infection . The rates of infection were the same among women who had used an IUD as among those who had n't , even after researchers took into account various risk factors for HPV , such as a woman 's number of sexual partners , the number of Pap smears she 'd had in her life , and her menopausal status . Although they have no firm evidence , the researchers speculate that the contraceptive devices may disrupt HPV 's cancer-causing mechanism . The devices may cause a low-level immune-system response that fights cancer cells , for instance , or their insertion and withdrawal may physically remove precancerous lesions , the study notes . Health.com : 7 common birth control side effects "  More research is definitely needed to study the biological mechanisms by which IUDs may induce this risk reduction , " says the lead author of the study , Xavier CastellsaguÃ © , M.D. , a cancer epidemiology researcher at the Institut CatalÃ d'Oncologia , in Barcelona , Spain . Whatever the mechanism , it seems to work quickly . Women who used an IUD for less than a year were no more likely to be diagnosed with cervical cancer than women who 'd had an IUD implanted for several years . There are two kinds of IUD available in the U.S. , both of which are T-shaped and made from molded plastic . One uses copper as a contraceptive , and the other prevents pregnancy by releasing the hormone progestin into the uterus . Both are extremely effective forms of birth control , but because the study did not include data on the type of IUD used , the authors were unable to assess whether one type of IUD is more likely than another to lower the risk of cervical cancer . Health.com : Amazing moments in birth control The new findings do not mean that women worried about cervical cancer should be fitted for an IUD , says Karl Ulrich Petry , M.D. , a gynecologic oncologist at the Klinikum Wolfsburg , in Germany . Petry , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study , points out that HPV testing and Pap smears already reduce the risk of cervical cancer by 80 % to 90 % . "  Women in countries with screening programs are well protected , " he says . "  Cervical cancer is a preventable disease -- we have more tools to prevent this cancer than any other malignancy in humans . Women should really use -LSB- HPV -RSB- vaccine and screening to protect themselves from this cancer . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Intrauterine devices  IUDs  prevent unwanted pregnancies As an added benefit , they may also help protect against cervical cancer Women who use IUDs are roughly half as likely to develop cervical cancer
CNN  -- Iran 's vital oil industry appears to be the latest front in a power struggle between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei -- a fight that overseas analysts say the colorful president appears to be losing . Ahmadinejad is trying to retain control of Iran 's Oil Ministry despite a ruling by the country 's top judicial body that he ca n't serve as its acting chief . It 's the latest in a series of unusually public squabbles between Ahmadinejad and allies of Khamenei , the Islamic republic 's clerical leader , in recent weeks . Khamenei backed Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed his hotly disputed 2009 re-election , urging Iranians to accept the results of the balloting when protesters in the streets declared it a fraud . He presided over a crackdown on the demonstrations , during which security forces were unleashed on crowds and activists were prosecuted and jailed . But elements throughout the government have moved to check Ahmadinejad 's efforts to replace top officials and have gone after the president 's closest advisers , U.S. analyst Alireza Nader told CNN . "  I think it 's a symptom of the general dissatisfaction with President Ahmadinejad that his powers and movement are being curtailed by the various power centers in Iran , " said Nader , an expert on Iranian politics at the RAND Corp. , an American think tank . The outspoken Ahmadinejad has long been a lightning rod for Iran 's critics . But Haleh Esfandiari , director of Middle Eastern studies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center , said he may be left a "  lame duck " after butting heads with Khamenei . "  I think Ahmadinejad underestimated the power of Khamenei , and he overestimated his own power , " said Esfandiari , who was jailed for more than three months in 2007 during a visit to Iran . "  You can step on anybody 's toes , but not on his toe . " Top officials and media outlets close to Khamenei have mounted a campaign of criticism targeting Ahmadinejad since mid-April , when Ahmadinejad tried to fire Intelligence Minister Heidar Moslehi . When Khamenei vetoed the move , Ahmadinejad retreated from the public eye , skipping Cabinet meetings . Esfandiari said Ahmadinejad appears to have violated one of Khamenei 's cardinal principles for Iran 's leadership : Settle your differences in private . "  Khamenei all along has been trying to give the impression that the ruling class speaks with one voice , that there is unanimity among them , " she said . In early May , Ahmadinejad publicly swore allegiance to Khamenei and stressed his dedication to the principle of Velayat-e-Faqih , or Guardianship of the Supreme Jurisprudence , which forms the bedrock of Iran 's Shiite theocratic rule . But on May 16 , Ahmadinejad declared himself the caretaker head of the Oil Ministry as part of an attempt to consolidate Cabinet agencies . That would put him in direct control of the world 's third-largest oil reserves , the bedrock of the country 's economy . But the leaders of Iran 's parliament protested , and the Guardian Council -- Iran 's top judicial body , dominated by Khamenei 's allies -- ruled last week that Ahmadinejad ca n't act as the caretaker minister . Wednesday , the head of the parliament 's Energy Commission blamed Ahmadinejad for an explosion and fire at Iran 's flagship oil refinery at Abadan that injured six people . The blast occurred when Ahmadinejad was visiting to attend the inauguration of a new unit at the facility , lawmaker Hamid Reza Katouzian said in comments carried by the Mashregh news agency . "  Some of the refinery 's managers have said that it happened because they hurried the process of completion of the project , " Katouzian said . He said those hurt "  were sacrificed because of certain disagreements and the unnecessary insistence to leave the Oil Ministry without a caretaker . " Meanwhile , Iranian news agencies reported that Ahmadinejad 's palace prayer leader , Abbas Amirifar , faces charges of "  sorcery " after producing a controversial film predicting the imminent return of the Mehdi , a messianic prediction that Ahmadinejad often refers to in his speeches . Public criticism also has been focused on his brother-in-law and chief of staff , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , whom Ahmadinejad appeared to have been grooming as a successor . Some of Ahmadinejad 's moves appeared calculated to remain influential beyond the end of his term in 2013 , Nader said . But he said Ahmadinejad made "  a critical mistake " by firing Moslehi without consulting the supreme leader , and by skipping Cabinet sessions after Khamenei reinstated him . "  It 's pretty incredible how much power and influence he 's lost in the last few weeks , " Nader said , adding , "  I think it shows that he 's not as powerful and consequential as he and a lot of people would like to assume . " Nader and Esfandiari said Ahmadinejad is unlikely to be forced from office -- something Nader said would amount to an admission of a mistake by Khamenei . "  The best outcome for the president is to serve his term , keep relatively quiet , stop being provocative and making decisions on his own , " Nader said . And Esfandiari said Khamenei , who has ruled Iran since 1989 , has made it clear to observers inside and outside Iran just who is in charge . "  This is just the beginning , " she said . "  This is a story that will be unfolding over the next six months or year or so . " CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Iran 's outspoken president has butted heads with the country 's clerical leader Iran 's oil industry is the latest battleground The confrontations may leave Ahmadinejad a "  lame duck , " one analyst says "  It 's pretty incredible how much power and influence he 's lost , " another says
CNN  -- Three men whose achievements are being recognized for their role in changing the world are the inaugural winners of the Gorbachev awards . The three winners , including CNN founder Ted Turner , were personally selected by Mikhail Gorbachev and honored at a gala event to celebrate his 80th birthday in London on Wednesday . The other winners are Timothy Berners-Lee , the British physicist and computer scientist credited with inventing the World Wide Web ; and Evans Wadongo , a Kenyan engineer who invented a solar lamp that would become a clean , healthy alternative to wood fires as a source of light for tens of thousands of Africans . Wadongo was also named a CNN Hero in 2010 . "  These three people have each , in their own way , changed the world for their fellow men and women in ways which affect all our lives , " Gorbachev said in a news release . The awards are the centerpiece of the Gorby 80 gala concert , which brought together artists from all over the world to honor the former leader of the Soviet Union . The event was hosted by actors Sharon Stone and Kevin Spacey . The concert raised money for cancer charities , including MacMillian Cancer Support in England , and the Raisa Gorbachev Children 's Institute for Transplantology and Hematology in St. Petersburg , Russia . The awards have been organized into three categories reflecting reforms Gorbachev undertook as the Soviet leader . Berners-Lee was given the award for perestroika , or reform , for inventing the World Wide Web in 1989 , changing the way the world shares information . The award for glasnost , or openness , was given to Turner , who helped transform the world 's media with his 24-hour global news operation . Wadongo , 25 , won the award for contributions to modern science and technology , or uskoreniye . "  Each and every one possesses the ability to make a difference and the Gorbachev Awards have been established to those people who achieve this and to provide inspiration to all of us to try , " said the former Russian president and Nobel Peace Prize Winner .	CNN founder Ted Turner one of three men honored with Gorbachev Awards The London gala concert coincided with Mikhail Gorbachev 's 80th birthday Also honored was Timothy Berners-Lee , inventor of the World Wide Web Kenyan Evans Wadongo , inventor of solar lamp , wins technology award
CNN  -- The "  Linsanity " surrounding the New York Knicks ' surprise phenom at point guard may be motivated by something bigger than sports . Yes , Jeremy Lin is a terrific athlete , whose almost accidental discovery by the Knicks and little-engine-that-could perseverance make for great radio commentary and pop cultural mythology . But there 's something deeper at play here : Lin is iconic of a new kind of hero for the 21st century . And he is not alone . Take Lin 's story by itself : A Harvard graduate and only occasional Ivy League basketball star , Lin struggles to get recognized in the NBA . He is picked up by the Golden State Warriors only to be released . Then , plagued by player injuries and in need of an extra backup point guard , the Knicks pick up Lin as a temp backup , only to dump him back in the D-league when they think they do n't need him . After a string of losses , they bring him back on board more for the hell of it than anything else , and Lin lights a fire under the team , leading it to a run of dramatic victories . Still , Lin is not a superstar in the modern NBA slam-dunk sense . He can drive to the basket and make clutch plays , but the key to Lin 's success is his ability to make the rest of his team work -- well , like a team . The economics major is a cool intellectual , who looks at his colleagues as part of a system . His talent is being able to keep them and the ball moving , and to find the open man -- whoever it might be , even himself . This style of play evokes earlier eras of the sport , where teamwork mattered more than individual performance . Yet it also evokes the spirit of our current era -- one in which networks and connections are coming to matter more than individual skill or personal gain . Another view : Jeremy Lin 's race is a factor Consider another Harvard alum in the headlines these days , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg . He came up with his social networking platform in his dorm room , with little more ambition than to create a new way for his college friends to connect to one another . And with a combination of perseverance and bit of luck , he ended up in the right place at the right time . Unlike the charismatic CEOs of the industrial age , Zuckerberg is a rather unassuming , quick-to-gaffe computer programmer whose entire premise -- his entire business -- is based on his ability to keep other people networking . At his best , he is a mere facilitator . Likewise , Harvard Law alum Barack Obama came out of nowhere . A state senator gets picked to keynote a Democratic convention , and then somehow flips his huge success at that into a winning presidential campaign . His rise to viability , remember , depended on the strength of his Internet fundraising , and his ability to organize new networks of people around his candidacy through tools like Meetup and Facebook . And again , it 's a cool , plainspoken facilitator at the helm : so cool and deliberative that he infuriates even some of his allies , but a strategist whose deeper instincts about playing the political game are only now coming to light . These are not the kind of people we traditionally think of as heroes in sports , technology , and politics . Compare Jeremy Lin , Mark Zuckerberg , and Barack Obama to , say , Michael Jordan , Steve Jobs , and Bill Clinton . Jordan , Jobs , and Clinton were stars in their own right . Their campaigns and their victories were about themselves . It was Jordan who made the dunks , Jobs who showed us the iPhone , and Clinton who made his presidency about himself . Lin , Zuckerberg , and Obama , on the other hand , are rather underwhelming as tribal leaders . They are leaders of the Net generation , who owe their power to the networks they can catalyze . That 's why the extent to which these three succeed will be based on their ability to keep the story from being about themselves . Jeremy Lin 's biggest problem right now is his superstardom , and the fact that fan focus and adulation could make it harder for him to keep his senior , star teammates from getting jealous and uncooperative . Or worse , they could convince Lin that he really is all that people wish for him to be . Likewise , Zuckerberg 's greatest liability is the possibility that the people actually energizing Facebook -- those of us who use it to connect -- begin to suspect that his company and shareholders matter more than us . Once it feels like we 're creating more value for him than he is for us , we 're out . And finally , Obama 's success -- and chances for a second term -- may depend on his ability both to keep the ball moving , and keep his adversaries from casting that dependence on teamwork as some form of European socialism . Remember , Obama did not tell us that he was the one we were waiting for , but rather that we are the ones we have been waiting for . This is 21st century leadership , writ large . Whether we , the president , the Internet or even our sports industry are up the challenge is the real question posed by the rise of a kid named Lin . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff says Jeremy Lin is iconic of a new kind of hero for the 21st century Lin , Mark Zuckerberg and Barack Obama are cool , strategic facilitators , he says He says they must keep the ball moving and keep the story from being about themselves Rushkoff : Obama must avoid having teamwork approach cast by others as socialism
Mental Floss  -- 1 . In case you have n't read "  The Lorax , " it 's widely recognized as Dr. Seuss ' take on environmentalism and how humans are destroying nature . Loggers were so upset about the book that some groups within the industry sponsored "  The Truax , " a similar book -- but from the logging point of view . Dr. Seuss ' widow , Audrey Geisel , accepted his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2004 . Another interesting fact : the book used to contain the line , "  I hear things are just as bad up in Lake Erie , " but 14 years after the book was published , the Ohio Sea Grant Program wrote to Seuss creator Theodore Geisel , and told him how much the conditions had improved and implored him to take the line out . Geisel agreed and said that it would n't be in future editions . 2 . Somehow , Geisel 's books find themselves in the middle of controversy . The line "  A person 's a person , no matter how small , " from "  Horton Hears a Who ! , " has been used as a slogan for anti-abortion organizations . It 's often questioned whether that was Seuss ' intent in the first place , but when he was still alive , he threatened to sue an anti-abortion group unless they removed his words from their letterhead . Karl ZoBell , the attorney for Dr. Seuss ' interests and for his widow , Audrey Geisel , says that she does n't like people to "  hijack Dr. Seuss characters or material to front their own points of view . " Mental Floss : 5 stories about Seuss himself 3 . "  If I Ran the Zoo , " published in 1950 , is the first recorded instance of the word "  nerd . " 4 . "  The Cat in the Hat " was written because Dr. Seuss thought the famous Dick and Jane primers were insanely boring . Because kids were n't interested in the material , they were n't exactly compelled to use it repeatedly in their efforts to learn to read . So , "  The Cat in the Hat " was born . 5 . Bennett Cerf , Dr. Seuss ' editor , bet him that he could n't write a book using 50 words or less . "  The Cat in the Hat " was pretty simple , after all , and it used 225 words . Not one to back down from a challenge , Mr. Geisel started writing and came up with "  Green Eggs and Ham " -- which uses exactly 50 words . The 50 words , by the way , are : a , am , and , anywhere , are , be , boat , box , car , could , dark , do , eat , eggs , fox , goat , good , green , ham , here , house , I , if , in , let , like , may , me , mouse , not , on , or , rain , Sam , say , see , so , thank , that , the , them , there , they , train , tree , try , will , with , would , you . 6 . It 's often alleged that "  Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now ! " was written specifically about Richard Nixon , but the book came out only two months after the whole Watergate scandal . It 's unlikely that the book could have been conceived of , written , edited and mass produced in such a short time . Also , Seuss never admitted that the story was originally about Nixon . That 's not to say he did n't understand how well the two flowed together . In 1974 , he sent a copy of Marvin K. Mooney to his friend Art Buchwald at the Washington Post . In it , he crossed out "  Marvin K. Mooney " and replaced it with "  Richard M. Nixon , " which Buchwald reprinted in its entirety . 7 . "  Yertle the Turtle " = Hitler ? Yep . If you have n't read the story , here 's a little overview : Yertle is the king of the pond , but he wants more . He demands that other turtles stack themselves up so he can sit on top of them to survey the land . Mack , the turtle at the bottom , is exhausted . He asks Yertle for a rest ; Yertle ignores him and demands more turtles for a better view . Eventually , Yertle notices the moon and is furious that anything dare be higher than himself , and is about ready to call for more turtles when Mack burps . This sudden movement topples the whole stack , sends Yertle flying into the mud , and frees the rest of the turtles from their stacking duty . Dr. Seuss actually said Yertle was a representation of Hitler . Despite the political nature of the book , none of that was disputed at Random House -- what was disputed was Mack 's burp . No one had ever let a burp loose in a children 's book before , so it was a little dicey . In the end , obviously , Mack burped . Mental Floss : The Dr. Seuss quiz 8 . "  The Butter Battle Book " is one I had never heard of , perhaps with good reason : it was pulled from the shelves of libraries for a while because of the reference to the Cold War and the arms race . Yooks and Zooks are societies who do everything differently . The Yooks eat their bread with the butter-side up and the Zooks eat their bread with the butter-side down . Obviously , one of them must be wrong , so they start building weapons to outdo each other : the "  Tough-Tufted Prickly Snick-Berry Switch , " the "  Triple-Sling Jigger , " the "  Jigger-Rock Snatchem , " the "  Kick-A-Poo Kid " , the "  Eight-Nozzled Elephant-Toted Boom Blitz , " the "  Utterly Sputter " and the "  Bitsy Big-Boy Boomeroo . " The book concludes with each side ready to drop their ultimate bombs on each other , but the reader does n't know how it actually turns out . 9 . "  Oh The Places You 'll Go " is the final Seuss book published before he passed away . Published in 1990 , it sells about 300,000 copies every year because so many people give it to college and high school grads . 10 . No Dr. Seuss post would be complete without a mention of "  How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! " Frankenstein 's Monster himself , Boris Karloff , provided the voice of the Grinch and the narration for the movie . Seuss was a little wary of casting him because he thought his voice would be too scary for kids . If you 're wondering why they sound a bit different , it 's because the sound people went back to the Grinch 's parts and removed all of the high tones in Karloff 's voice . That 's why the Grinch sounds so gravelly . Tony the Tiger , AKA Thurl Ravenscroft , is the voice behind "  You 're a Mean One , Mr. Grinch . " He received no credit on screen , so Dr. Seuss wrote to columnists in every major U.S. newspaper to tell them exactly who had sung the song . Mental Floss : How cereal transformed American culture For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Dr. Seuss wrote "  The Cat in the Hat " because of bet over 50-word book Boris Karloff is voice of main character in "  How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! " Author agreed to remove negative line about Lake Erie from "  The Lorax "
CNN  -- Movie director John Landis is suing Michael Jackson , accusing the reclusive entertainer of fraud in his handling of profits from the iconic "  Thriller " video the two made together more than 25 years ago . "  King of Pop " Michael Jackson , seen in 2005 , made the "  Thriller " video with John Landis more than 25 years ago . Landis claimed his 1983 contract with Jackson gave him 50 percent of net profits from the 14-minute video and the documentary about the making of it , both works that he directed and co-wrote with Jackson , court documents say . Jackson "  wrongfully refused to pay or account for such profits , " the suit , filed against the singer and Optimum Productions , says . The suit characterizes Optimum as "  a defunct corporation " Jackson has used as an alter ego . The suit accuses Jackson of "  concealing the extent of net profits " by not giving an annual accounting for at least the past four years , and maintains that Jackson is "  guilty of fraudulent , malicious and oppressive conduct . " Jackson 's lawyers have not responded to the suit , which was filed on January 21 . The video was based on Jackson 's 1982 album by the same name , one of the top-selling of all time . Landis , best known as director of "  Animal House " and "  An American Werewolf in London , " made the song into a short horror movie , complete with Vincent Price adding narration . Word of the suit comes just after an announcement that Jackson has signed a deal to take the dancing zombie story to the Broadway stage . The Nederlander Organization , a Broadway production company , announced Tuesday that it had signed a contract with Jackson to produce "  Thriller " on stage . The show , which Jackson is to be involved with , also is to include music from other Jackson albums , the company said . The court has set May 11 as the date for lawyers to hold a conference with a judge concerning the lawsuit .	Director John Landis , Michael Jackson made "  Thriller " video 25 years ago Landis claims 1983 contract gives him 50 percent of net profits from video Jackson "  wrongfully refused to pay or account for such profits , " suit says Jackson 's lawyers have not responded
Washington  CNN  -- The House Oversight Committee filed a civil contempt lawsuit against Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday seeking the release of documents linked to a controversial weapons crackdown . The lawsuit asks a federal court judge to rule that President Barack Obama overstepped his authority in claiming executive privilege over documents sought by the committee in its investigation of the Fast and Furious weapons tracking program . The lawsuit also seeks an order requiring Holder to turn the documents over to House investigators . "  Waiting nearly eight months after the subpoena had been issued to assert a meritless claim of privilege , the President 's decision was a calculated political maneuver designed to stop the release of documents until after November 's elections , Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , said in a statement . No criminal prosecution of Holder for contempt The lawsuit stems from a contempt of Congress citation passed by the House of Representatives last month , and was expected . The House resolution gave lawmakers the option of filing a lawsuit if the Justice Department declined to file criminal charges against Holder . Democrats say the GOP is using the issue to try to score political points by discrediting Holder and Obama in an election year . "  This partisan lawsuit wastes taxpayer dollars and resources , and is a distraction from the urgent business before Congress : acting to create jobs and grow our economy , " House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said in a written statement . "  It is also designed to distract the Justice Department from its critical job of challenging state laws designed to restrict the rights of Americans to vote . " Justice Department Director of Public Affairs Tracy Schmaler said in a statement that Holder 's department had been "  always willing to work with the Committee , instead the House and the Committee have said they prefer to litigate . " The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives launched the Fast and Furious program in Arizona to track weapons purchases by Mexican drug cartels . It followed similar programs started in the Bush administration . The program lost track of more than 1,000 firearms , two of which turned up in the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Fast and Furious investigation started with agent 's death The Justice Department announced on July 6 that it would not prosecute . The department said it has had a longstanding position across administrations of both parties not to proceed with prosecution when a president has asserted executive privilege , as Obama did . Executive privilege refers to a president 's authority to refuse to comply with some demands from lawmakers and judges to turn over documents and other materials . The Obama administration said it was asserting the doctrine in the Fast and Furious case to shield documents that include internal deliberations traditionally protected from outside eyes . Issa said the president was violating his promise to operate openly . "  After promising an unprecedented level of transparency , the President is attempting to expand the reach of executive privilege to obstruct the truth about the reckless conduct that contributed to the death of a Border Patrol Agent and countless Mexican citizens , " Issa said . "  The family of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry , whistleblowers who faced retaliation for exposing the Justice Department 's reckless tactics , and the public have a right to know the full extent of what occurred . " House Speaker John Boehner applauded the filing . "  After providing -- then retracting -- inaccurate information to Congress , Attorney General Holder has gone to extraordinary lengths to block access to subpoenaed documents and deny the efforts of the Terry family to get the truth , " he said in a statement . AME Church : Congress 's Holder vote like historical evils The showdown between Issa and Holder over the program dates to subpoenas issued last year by the House committee seeking a wide range of documents and other materials . Eventually , the committee reduced its demand to focus on documents involving decision-making after the administration shut down the Fast and Furious program . In particular , the committee wanted documents relating to the period after February 2011 , when the Justice Department sent Congress an erroneous letter -- later withdrawn -- that said top officials knew nothing about Fast and Furious until early that year . Executive privilege : A rocky legal and political road in U.S. history In July , Issa conceded that investigators lack evidence that Holder knew of the failed weapons-tracking tactics of Fast and Furious . The contempt citation , he said , was for Holder 's failure to comply with subpoenas seeking specific documents . "  It 's not for what the attorney general knew about Fast and Furious , " Issa said . "  It 's about the attorney general 's refusal to provide the documents . " White House press secretary Jay Carney said last month that Issa 's comment showed the contempt citation was about politics . The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal CNN 's Kate Bolduan , Tom Cohen , Carol Cratty , Terry Frieden and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Top House Democrat says lawsuit is a waste of time , political distraction House committee files lawsuit in dispute over "  Fast and Furious " documents Lawsuit seeks order rolling back White House executive privilege claim in case The dispute centers on controversial weapons tracking program
Washington  CNN  -- Due to security concerns in Jordan , which borders the Syrian civil war , a combat-equipped detachment of about 700 U.S. troops will remain in the country following training exercises that ended this week , President Barack Obama told Congress on Friday . In a letter to comply with the War Powers Act , Obama notified Congress that the detachment staying behind at the request of the Jordanian government included "  Patriot missile systems , fighter aircraft , and related support , command , control and communications personnel and systems . " "  The detachment will remain in Jordan , in full coordination with the government of Jordan , until the security situation becomes such that it is no longer needed , " Obama 's letter said . A flood of refugees from the Syrian conflict is considered potentially destabilizing for Jordan , a key U.S. ally in the region . In addition , the possibility of cross-border missile fire or other attack raises concerns of an unwanted escalation in the volatile Middle East . "  The deployment of this detachment has been directed in furtherance of U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , including the important national interests in supporting the security of Jordan and promoting regional stability , pursuant to my constitutional authority to conduct U.S. foreign relations , " Obama 's letter said . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr previously reported that U.S. troops would remain in Jordan beyond the training exercises that concluded Thursday . Obama 's letter Friday put the figure at around 700 . The Patriot missiles would be used to defend Jordan against any missiles launched from Syria , according to Starr 's report . A senior U.S. military official told Starr that F-16 fighter jets "  send a message " to Syria that the United States will defend Jordan if necessary . In addition , another 200 or so troops specializing in military planning from the 1st Armored Division 's headquarters were scheduled to arrive later this summer in Jordan , Starr previously reported . The planning troops were to replace existing planners with a more focused ability to help Jordan 's commanders prepare for any number of Syrian contingencies , including a chemical weapons crisis or a worsening refugee situation , according to Starr 's report . At the same time , U.S. Marines were continuing a longstanding presence in Jordan of about 130 personnel to train Jordanian units slated to go to Afghanistan . Officials acknowledged to Starr that the counter-terrorism training could be used in any crisis . Meanwhile , the U.S. Navy also was continuing its longstanding deployment of three anti-ballistic missile ships is the eastern Mediterranean . The ships , with a total crew of about 1,000 , carry Tomahawk cruise missiles to defend Israel from any attack by Iran . Several Navy officials said the U.S. ships also could defend Jordan or Israel against any Scud missile launch from Syria . Last week , the Obama administration announced it was increasing aid to Syrian rebels , including military assistance , after determining government forces had used chemical weapons . The administration has yet to provide details of the military assistance it would provide , but sources indicated it would be light arms and ammunition , and perhaps anti-tank weapons . Senior U.S. officials have said there was continuing concern that eventually some type of military units will be needed to go into Syria to take control of chemical weapons stockpiles . For more than a year , the United States has quietly trained Jordanian forces for that mission , Starr previously reported . CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	President Obama notifies Congress of the detachment of 700 troops The troops , with Patriot missiles and jet fighters , are staying on after training exercises Jordan 's government asked for the increased military presence , Obama 's letter says Civil war in neighboring Syria is a threat to stability in Jordan , a key U.S. ally
CNN  Quick : Guess how old Jon Stewart is ? I 'll give you two hints : Forty-ish , you say ? Forty-five , maybe ? Nope , 52 . And is n't it incredible that someone that age -- or , anyone of any age , really -- could become the countercultural voice of multiple generations , from the millennials to the boomers . Stewart announced on Tuesday his departure as host of Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show . " Incredibly , he 'd recently started his 17th year on the show . In his signature Gen X-adjacent style , he joked that that was the longest he 'd held any single job -- "  by 16 years and five months . " It 's not like Stewart 's dead . Or even gone from the show yet . That may not happen until later much later this year , he said . I feel no need to eulogize him . But the thought of nightly cable TV without him is a bit stunning -- for me , age 32 , and for people of all ages , really , who get frustrated with the stilted earnestness of old-timey news programs , and who , likewise , are turned off by televised shouting matches and hype . He 's a transcendent figure , in that sense . Someone who makes sense to the Snapchat set . And someone my dad might talk about over a round of golf . He 'll be missed by everyone but the 2016 Republican candidates . On Wednesday morning , I asked my Facebook friends and followers what he meant to them . Several , including a former classmate , said he helped them process the 9/11 terrorist attack . "  W  hen I was a terrified college freshman on 9/11 , Jon Stewart 's was the voice that made sense , " wrote Chelsea Samuel . A Facebook user identified as Daniel Thomas Bailey posted a photo of Stewart visiting his base in Afghanistan a decade later , in 2011 . "  His news is honest . He 's honest , " wrote a woman identified as Samina Hope . "  Which is so incredibly rare in this world now . He has a genuine heart for humanity . His broadcast of a little girl with autism who he afforded the opportunity to sing with Katy Perry , will forever bring tears to my eyes . " The satirical form Stewart pioneered will , of course , live on . It may well survive in Stewart 's own work . In his farewell , Stewart said he was going to spend time eating meals with his family -- "  who , " he said , "  I have heard from multiple sources , are lovely people . " He also left open the idea that he could work again . "  I do n't have any specific plans , " he said . "  I 've got a lot of ideas . " But the form surely lives on in his impressive cast of alums . John Oliver 's HBO show "  Last Week Tonight " is among the finest , smartest  and awesomely angriest  pieces of social criticism that exists today . Just watch him skewer the Miss America pageant . This is sharp investigative journalism , made funny and relevant . Stephen Colbert , meanwhile , is about to get a higher profile on the "  Late Show , " and we can only hope that he makes that program a little edgier and more interesting than it was under the sleepy-eyed watch of David Letterman . Plus , there 's always an upside to change . I hope that Stewart 's departure from "  The Daily Show " may usher in a new era -- in which the viewpoints of a younger generation are represented not just by old-ish white men but by actual younger people . Hopefully , too , the post-Stewart era will include more women , more racial minorities and more LGBT people . This country laughs with Stewart , Oliver and Colbert . We love them . But they do n't really represent all of us . Those critiques will have their day , surely . Today , however , I think it 's important to celebrate the political satire that Stewart ushered in . We 've all gotten a good laugh out of it . And , importantly , our democracy is better for it . Stewart , after all , was n't just in it for the jokes . He asked tough questions of politicians . Found ways to make uninterested people care about politics . And he did it with a zany , effortless wit . Instead of a "  moment of zen , " the odd-ball segment that usually concludes "  The Daily Show , " I 'll leave you instead with this clip of Stewart 's farewell to his live audience . When you hear the crowd moan , that 's because they realize , too , that he was the voice of so many generations . And , thankfully , his was a voice that did n't take itself too seriously .	John Sutter : Jon Stewart is the voice of millennials as well as baby boomers He will be missed as he departs from his post at "  The Daily Show " But hopefully this will usher in a more-diverse era of American satire , Sutter says
CNN  -- On the surface , the first round of the Egyptian presidential election seemed to show that the Muslim Brotherhood and the remnants of the Mubarak regime are locked in mortal combat for the political soul of Egypt -- as Brotherhood candidate Mohamed Morsi faces pro-military candidate Ahmed Shafik in a second round of voting in June . Buying into this simplistic formula , however , would be a total misreading of the far more complex picture . To understand the political reality of Egypt and the strengths and weaknesses of the major political forces operating in the country , one needs to look more closely at all of the electoral results . First , it is very clear that the Muslim Brotherhood , despite Morsi 's emergence as the presidential front-runner , lost almost half its support base between the parliamentary and presidential elections -- from 47 % to 25 % . It is true that the well-organized Muslim Brotherhood was able to mobilize its political base in the presidential elections more effectively than its competitors . But the support of a mere quarter of the electorate is nowhere near sufficient for the Brotherhood to govern the country by itself . Only part of this decline in support can be attributed to former Brotherhood leader Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh 's 2011 defection from the party and his decision to run for president as an independent . The decline also reflects a disenchantment with the Brotherhood 's poor legislative performance , its attempt to pack the constituent assembly with its supporters , reneging on its promise not to run a presidential candidate and its tendency to compromise with the military on important issues . The election results also demonstrate that the total Islamist vote is somewhere around 40 % of the electorate . That might be overstating its strength . Islamist Abul Fotoh garnered many votes from secular liberals who mistakenly considered him to be the anti-establishment front-runner . Many voted for him to prevent Mubarak-era candidates Amr Mousa and Shafik from winning . The real surprise of the election was the emergence of Hamdeen Sabahy -- whose campaign was built on nationalism and demands for social justice -- with 22 % of the vote . Sabahy was often referred to as the Nasserist candidate who represented the legacy of the Gamal Abdul Nasser , the leader of the 1952 revolution and Egypt 's first president . His campaign did not get going until very late in the day ; otherwise it is more than likely that the runoff would have pitted him against Morsi . That would have given Sabahy a real shot at winning the runoff , given the anti-Islamist search for a viable candidate untainted by the Mubarak regime . Sabahy 's performance in the first round indicates that many who voted for the Muslim Brotherhood in parliamentary elections , especially the working classes , were disillusioned with its advocacy of a free market economy and lack of attention to social justice and welfare issues . Sabahy 's message of social justice worked , as demonstrated by his lead in Cairo 's working-class district Imbaba , long considered a Muslim Brotherhood stronghold . Sabahy carried the two most populous cities , Cairo and Alexandria , without much organizational support -- a remarkable performance by any standards . The fact that pro-military Shafik , the leading remnant of the Mubarak regime , took almost a quarter of the votes seems remarkable . But the superior financial capability and patron-client network of the former ruling party NDP , especially in the Nile Delta , and covert support from the military brass played a big role . Reports are emerging that the security services and military-linked pro-Mubarak landlords coerced many of the Delta peasantry to vote for Shafik . It appears that pressure was also put on public servants and their families . Shafiq 's law-and-order message also attributed to his success . The security situation in much of the country has deteriorated markedly -- some argue deliberately engineered by the military . But his performance can also be read as the last gasp of the old regime , which can be well and truly buried if its opponents , from the Brotherhood to the Nasserists and liberals , can form a coalition capable of providing effective and legitimate government . This should not be an impossible task . It is clear that the Islamist forces are fractured and the Brotherhood 's base is shrinking , as the political playing field becomes increasingly level in a democratizing Egypt . There are indications that the Brotherhood is aware of its limitations , which has forced it to mellow considerably , sacrificing some of its ideological purity at the altar of political pragmatism . If the leaders of the various trends of political opposition to the Mubarak regime demonstrate adequate wisdom and put together a governing coalition that includes no remnants of the old regime , Egypt 's democratic experiment could be securely launched on the road to maturity . It is most important that the Brotherhood and Sabahy 's campaign come to an understanding that would allow them to share power , possibly with Morsi as president and Sabahy as vice president of a democratic Egypt . The Brotherhood must also give the Nasserists and liberals a voice in writing a new constitution that would guarantee the fundamental rights of citizens and delineate a process for orderly political transition , based on periodic elections for the executive and the legislative branches of government . A consensus will also have to be built on the role of Islam in the new political order . The Muslim Brotherhood has demonstrated remarkable flexibility in the past on this issue . It may be even more flexible now that it realizes a consensus on Islam that is acceptable to the majority of political parties and factions would be essential to creating a coalition . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mohammed Ayoob .	Mohammed Ayoob : Muslim Brotherhood lost half its support between the two elections The Brotherhood ca n't govern by itself with support of only 22 % of electorate , he writes Ayoob : Mubarak-linked candidate did well , but social justice proponent did well , too Liberals , Nasserists and Brotherhood must form their own coalition , Ayoob writes
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI 's decision to resign caught a lot of Vatican watchers , apparently even some in his inner circle , off-guard . They should not have been so surprised . Canon law includes a provision for a papal resignation . But traditionally , popes continue their reigns until their natural deaths , much as a father can never "  resign " from his place in a family . Before he was pope , as Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , Benedict watched an increasingly frail Pope John Paul II struggle to shoulder his many responsibilities and respond , in his final years , to the scandal of the clerical sexual abuse crisis in the United States and Europe . Another reason it is not a shock : In Peter Seewald 's "  Light of the World , " a book-length interview with Benedict , the pope was unambiguous about his openness to the idea of papal resignation . Too tired to go on , Pope Benedict resigns Yes , a pope could resign , Benedict said . "  If a pope clearly realizes that he is no longer physically , psychologically and spiritually capable of handling the duties of his office , then he has a right and , under some circumstances , also an obligation to resign . " And by some accounts , Benedict made three pilgrimages to the tomb of Pope Celestine V , who resigned from the papacy in 1294 . So what comes next ? Presuming that this pope 's resignation follows the same protocol as the death of a pope , all major decisions and pronouncements will be on hold after Benedict 's reign ends February 28 . The See of Peter will be vacant -- officially "  Sede Vacante . " During the vacancy , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Holy See 's camerlengo , Italian for chamberlain , takes charge with the help of three cardinal assistants . To prevent forgery , Bertone will break the pope 's fisherman 's ring by hitting it with a small hammer , a tradition that was started when the ring was used to seal documents . Benedict 's apartment will be sealed to prevent any hijinks with official documents . Opinion : Why pope will be remembered for generations Bertone will organize a conclave of 118 cardinals , who must meet in Rome within 20 days of the end of Benedict 's reign to deliberate on a successor . White smoke rising from the Sistine Chapel 's chimney will indicate a selection . Guessing who that selection might be , one of the church 's favorite spectator sports , has already begun among papal watchers worldwide . Among the "  papabile , " or possible contenders , are Cardinal Angelo Scola , archbishop of Milan , which would return the job to an Italian ; Cardinal Marc Ouellet , former archbishop of Quebec ; Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana , president of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace , which would be a nod to the African church 's growing numbers and influence ; and Joao Braz de Aviz of Brazil , indicating a liberating take on the church in the future . The Pope 's resignation , explained How about Cardinals Donald Wuerl or Timothy Dolan from the United States ? They are outside contenders . The rest of the world thinks Americans are super-powered enough already . Whoever is chosen will face the many challenges that Pope Benedict has no doubt wisely decided he no longer has the stamina to address , including : • The growing secularization and antipathy of the West . • Violence and intolerance visited on Christians in Islamic nations like Pakistan , Egypt and Syria . • The evaporating Christian presence in the Holy Land , Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East . • More brutal revelations of clerical sexual abuse in Africa and Latin America , which have yet to adequately confront the problem . • The ongoing priest shortage . • Plummeting church attendance . • Growing calls for optional celibacy . • Persisting demands for women 's ordination and more . Is there somebody out there who really wants this job ? Surprising standards for next Catholic leader Perhaps now , with confidence that a new precedent has been set and an actual well-deserved retirement would not be completely out of the question , someone will be courageous or foolhardy enough to step forward . And in an oddity of church tradition , that person need not be a cleric , only a baptized male . So if you are , feel free to submit your application to the College of Cardinals . Meanwhile , let us pray whoever is the next pope is also equipped with compassion , mercy and vision . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Clarke .	Kevin Clarke : Pope Benedict XVI 's decision to resign caught papal watchers off-guard Clarke : But canon law allows papal resignation ; it 's tradition that popes reign till death Benedict said a pope is obligated to resign if he ca n't handle duties Clarke : Whoever is chosen will deal with huge challenges facing Catholic Church
CNN  -- In the hills of Burundi , farmers tend their coffee crop . Their livelihoods depend on a good harvest . Coffee in the small central African nation is more than just a hot drink ; it 's a valuable commodity that props up Burundi 's agrarian-based economy . The world of Starbucks baristas and double macchiatos are an alien concept to coffee growers in one of Africa 's poorest nations , where 55 % of the population earns their livelihood from Arabica beans . Read more : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects Chantal Ka-Hor-Rury , a coffee trader and head of a collective that helps farmers bring their crop to market , is committed to helping Burundi expand its coffee industry . "  We chose to cultivate coffee because in our country , it 's a crop that gives a lot of money , " she said . Coffee accounts for 80 % of Burundi 's export revenues but with market prices slipping to their lowest level since 2009 , according to the International Coffee Organization 's index , profit margins are thin . "  The market is very low but it does not discourage us , " Ka-Hor-Rury said , "  because when you have a lot to sell you always make a lot of money . " Wedged between resource-rich Democratic Republic of Congo and the rapidly expanding economy of Tanzania , Burundi is trying to carve out a reputation as one of Africa 's leading coffee producers . Ka-Hor-Rury , who began trading five years ago , said : "  We will continue to grow crops and increase the production and the quality too . " Read more : Ethiopia bids to be Africa 's powerhouse Burundi is trying to rebuild following a brutal civil war that lasted over a decade , ending in 2005 . But the country 's scars remain as two thirds of Burundians linger below the poverty line and 60 % of the population is chronically malnourished , according to a U.N. report . Increasing domestic production Today , Burundi 's coffee producers are trying to transform the country 's fortunes , with farmers harboring ambitions to process coffee domestically . Ka-Hor-Rury wants to buy her own roaster , but according to the latest figures from the United Nations , less than 5 % of the Burundian crop was processed in the country in 2009 , with raw beans , known as "  green coffee , " making up the majority of exports . Read more : Johannesburg 's crime hotspot transformed to hipster hangout Mauricio Galindo , head of operations at the International Coffee Organization , said that Brazil and Colombia are the only coffee-growing countries that have successfully managed to export roasted coffee , but even then with great difficulty . He said that many farmers in Africa lack the harvesting skills needed to compete in the premium coffee market and do not have the access to consumers in Europe and the United States . "  It 's not that they do n't have the right varieties . " he said , "  It 's that the growing , then harvesting and processing is not done properly in many cases . Coffee is a surprisingly complicated thing to make perfect . " Every stage counts , according to Galindo , from the altitude at which coffee is farmed to the temperature in storage . He added that the gap in specialist training and knowledge is hindering Africa 's ability to compete with products from Central and South America . "  Coffee comes from Africa so it should be able to produce the best coffee in terms of the characteristics of the bean , " he said . The future for Burundi 's coffee markers In a United Nations report published this year , experts stated that coffee revenues in Burundi "  represent the difference between food security and hunger for much of the population . " And Galindo believes more needs to be done to increase revenues for Africa 's coffee producers . "  Every single African country has increased production over the last few years , " he said "  yet there is a failure in the supply chain that does n't allow the farmer to capture the premium . " Read more : From warzone to holiday paradise However , he expressed a positive outlook for the future of African coffee producers by adding : "  It 's only recently that we 've seen the comeback of African countries , so I think there is hope , no doubt . There is a greater awareness in these countries that is quality based , but I would n't say it 's a process that will happen overnight . "	More than half of Burundi 's population makes a living from coffee beans Only 5 % of Burundi 's beans are processed in the country Farmers need new skills to add value to their coffee , says expert
CNN  -- Over its extensive history , 3-D entertainment has seen its share of successes and failures . It started out small , with viewfinder-like devices that were exclusive novelty items for the wealthy . By the middle of the 20th century , 3-D was being marketed to everyone , as the movie industry tried to both capitalize on the technology and compete with television . In recent years , 3-D has tried to invade the home , struggling to define itself as the new standard of digital entertainment . And some mobile gadgets are boasting 3-D screens as well . It has n't been a smooth journey . Three-dimensional technology has disappeared and reappeared countless times , and its fitful progress has been marked with both big hits and major misses . Now comes news that Amazon on Wednesday is expected to introduce its first phone , possibly one with a 3-D screen that does n't require special glasses . Will this be the next big thing in the ebb and flow that is 3-D advancement ? Maybe . But for some context , here 's a look back at the rocky evolution of 3-D . Modest roots 3-D technology has been around for 170 years , longer than most people realize . First used for photos , it transitioned to motion pictures in 1915 with the invention of anaglyph 3-D -- the process of viewing two differently filtered images through colored glasses to produce an integrated image that the brain interprets as three-dimensional . The first public 3-D movie , a melodrama called "  The Power of Love , " screened for theater owners in 1922 in Los Angeles . As was standard for movies of that era , it was in black and white and silent . It vanished without a trace . During World War II , the military 's use of 3-D photography monopolized the industry . But the technology had disappeared from movie screens . The first rise and fall As the popularity of television skyrocketed after World War II , 3-D movies made a brief splash in 1952 with the wildly successful movies "  Bwana Devil " and "  The House of Wax . " "  The movie industry was throwing anything they could at the threat of television , " said Robert Thompson , director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  In order to keep people coming and paying , as opposed to staying at home for free , they had to give them something extra . " The creation of Polaroid filters and interlocking projectors enhanced the quality of 3-D films , but the viewing experience was still uncomfortable for the audience . The images needed to be perfectly aligned , which was difficult to do , and many people complained of sore eyes after 30 minutes . Producers limited their 3-D output to horror movies , which played on viewers ' discomfort . But 3-D movies soon died again , as many theaters shifted back to 2-D with the invention of CinemaScope , which presented movies in an ultrawide format . Cost was also a large factor in its decline , as two prints of a movie were needed to project the image over itself . Using the logic that two reels equaled two separate films , distributors charged theaters for both prints , but customers were unwilling to pay twice the cost for the movie . Theaters abandoned the more expensive films , trying to draw back their audiences with more reasonably priced 2-D movies , and 3-D disappeared once again . From ` The Stewardesses ' to ` Avatar ' In the 1960s , a huge breakthrough in 3-D technology , Space-Vision 3D , removed the need for two cameras to project the movies , decreasing the cost for theater owners . "  The Stewardesses , " a 1969 soft-core porn film , was the first movie to be released in Stereovision , using anamorphic lenses with a series of Polaroid filters to widen the picture . The movie became the most lucrative 3-D film of its time , costing only $ 100,000 to make and grossing more than $ 27 million in North America . But 3-D movies tapered off again due to cost , lingering viewing discomfort and the public 's disinterest in the antiquated 3-D glasses . At the turn of a new century , 3-D successfully reintegrated into mainstream films , this time targeting a younger audience with big studio releases of "  The Polar Express " and numerous other films . Once again , 3-D was back in the public 's favor and has held a steady audience since . The release of James Cameron 's Oscar-winning film "  Avatar " in 2009 blew the industry wide open . A huge influx of 3-D movies ensued in the following years , but "  Avatar " still remains the highest grossing 3-D film so far , raking in over $ 760 million . The production and box office success of 3-D movies continues today , with more than 50 movies scheduled for release in the next two years and most movie theaters offering at least one 3-D picture at all times . Thompson said that 3-D wo n't ever be 100 % of film production , because not all movies need it . But , he said , "  a movie that does 3-D really well just wo n't be as good without it . " No-glasses 3-D moves closer to reality 3-D moves into homes Despite its successful return to movie theaters , 3-D entertainment hit another stumbling block in its efforts to take over consumers ' living rooms . Following the success of "  Avatar , " 3-D televisions were hyped as the next big thing at the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show . But they never caught on , and four years later , many consider the attempt to bring 3-D into the household a flop . The industry sold 1.1 million 3-D TVs in the first year , and sales have increased slightly since . But there 's still a shortage of 3-D content being produced for them , and the televisions were largely missing from this year 's CES . Why 3-D TV still has n't caught on The two main problems with 3-D TVs are content and equipment , said Paul O'Donovan , principal consumer electronics analyst with Gartner , a technology research and advisory firm . "  Over 50 percent of movies made in 3-D are animated children 's movies , " he said in an e-mail . "  Although children are important in families , few affect the purchasing decisions of AV equipment in the home . " O'Donovan said the equipment issue is probably the biggest reason that 3-D TVs have n't been successful in the home . The cost of buying a Blu-ray player to go with the television or subscribing to a 3-D channel on cable or satellite adds to the already steep cost . "  Then there 's those pesky glasses , " O'Donovan said . "  Most TVs come with a limited number of glasses , and extra active glasses are relatively expensive . " The glasses also remain persistently uncomfortable . It 's not over yet for 3-D TV , though , as prototypes of a glasses-free television are supposed to arrive within the next year . "  If 3-D movies are going to take off as a viable alternative to 2-D movies , the television must become standard equipment , " Thompson said . "  Movies spend a very brief time in theater release , but they spend the rest of their existence on televisions . " A 3-D TV you would actually want to buy What the future holds Although TV has seen mixed results , 3-D seems to have migrated successfully to mobile gadgets . The initial release of the Nintendo 3DS handheld gaming system in 2011 , although underwhelming , marked another turning point in the technology . The 3DS was the first glasses-free 3-D entertainment product . After a slow start -- the device sold just over 100,000 units in its first quarter -- Nintendo reported sales of 4.5 million units at the end of its first year , and sales remain strong . In 2014 , the industry continues to pursue the potential and advancements of 3-D entertainment . If the predictions prove correct , and Amazon does unveil a 3-D phone , it might signal a new wave of possibilities . "  Smartphones will always be small , " Thompson said . "  Although a 3-D phone without glasses will be cool , it 's nothing like the big screen . " But having 3-D graphics on a smartphone would still be better than not having them , he said . "  If this  phone screen  looks great without glasses , it would be a huge breakthrough . " Or , if 3-D 's history is any indicator of what 's to come , an Amazon phone could be just another peak in the technology 's long roller coaster ride .	Amazon is expected to reveal a new phone at an event Wednesday Phone is rumored to have a 3-D screen that would n't require special glasses 3-D entertainment has had a long history of mixed success 3-D technology has migrated from movies to TV to mobile devices
CNN  -- Nearly 10,000 troops and civilians have been deployed to Brazil 's southern border region , in a show of force against illicit traffickers of all kinds who operate in the region , Brazil 's defense ministry said . The deployment is the fifth such surge under a mission to reassert rule of law in the border area known as Operation Agatha . The most recent operation began on Monday and will continue through the end of the month , the defense ministry said . The Brazilian Air Force alone had more than 434 service members working directly in the operation . "  Our principal objective is to keep our air space from being used  for  illegal activities like drug trafficking and contraband , " said Air Force mission commander Jose Geraldo Ferreira Malta . In total , 25 planes will participate in intelligence-gathering and protection of air space , the air force said . It is a three pronged strategy , Malta said , which includes direct confrontation with criminals , support to governmental bodies who work in the region , and support to the public in the form of health and cultural work . Forces are present in the state of Rio Grande do Sul , and are conducting operations along Brazil 's borders with Bolivia , Paraguay , Argentina and Uruguay . The targets are not just drug traffickers , however . According to the defense ministry , one of the targets is the sale of explosives to gangs that have robbed automatic teller machines . Troops have even been deployed to relatively peaceful areas . "  Our region , compared with other parts of the border , is more amenable . Here we have reports of minor crimes , like trafficking of pesticides and stealing of animals . Drug trafficking is minimal , " said an army leader , Gen. Joarez Alves Pereira Junior in a statement . The Brazilian navy , army and air force are participating in the operation , along with police and civilian agencies .	Brazil sent nearly 10,000 troops and civilians to the southern border areas It is part of a mission to combat crime Forces are focusing on both large and smaller scale problems
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Princess Diana 's relationships with two Muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter "  a whore " , Paul Burrell , the princess 's former butler , told an inquest Monday . Diana once referred to her former butler Paul Burrell as "  my rock . " Burrell , who returned to Britain from his home in Florida to give evidence , was the first star witness of the London inquest , now in its fourth month . His role as confidant to Diana , who died in a Paris car crash on August 31 , 1997 , along with her boyfriend Dodi Fayed and hotel security chief Henri Paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated . Burrell , whom the late princess once called "  my rock , " cast doubt on whether Diana was ready to marry Fayed . According to Burrell , the princess was still "  holding a candle " for former boyfriend and heart surgeon Hasnat Khan -- who she called "  her soulmate " -- when she started dating Fayed "  on the rebound . " Burrell told the inquest that Diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in June 1997 with her mother , Frances Shand Kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with Muslim men . "  She called the princess a ` whore ' and she said that she was messing around with ` effing Muslim men ' and she was ` disgraceful ' and said some very nasty things , " Burrell said . He agreed that , as a result of such calls Diana , decided not to talk to her mother again . The inquest , which began in October and is expected to last another two or three months , aims to uncover the facts surrounding the deaths of the Princess and Dodi and determine their cause of death -- whether by accident or otherwise . Asked earlier in the day if he believed that Fayed was "  the one , " Burrell said "  no , I did not have that impression . " He also cast doubt on claims that Fayed and Diana were engaged or on the cusp of engagement , saying : "  I find that difficult to believe . " Asked to explain himself , Burrell said : "  Because this was only a 30-day relationship and the princess had just finished a long-term relationship with someone  Khan  she cared deeply about . I knew that because I was there and I saw it . " Diana 's 18-month relationship with Khan ended around the same time she started seeing Fayed in July 1997 . Burrell said Diana had asked him at one point to investigate how a private wedding with Khan might take place , given that Khan is Muslim . Watch report on claims about Diana 's marriage plans . " Khan had not proposed to the princess , Burrell said , adding that Khan was "  the man she loved more than any other . " He said he spoke to Diana about the possibility that Fayed would give her a ring shortly before her death . Burrell said he suggested to the princess that she wear it on the fourth finger of her right hand , rather than the left , as is customary with engagement rings . "  I need marriage like a bad rash , " Burrell claimed Diana told him . Last month at the inquest Lady Annabel Goldsmith , a friend of Diana , said the princess had remarked that she needed another marriage "  like a rash on my face . " Burrell also indicated that the ring was not an engagement ring , as the Fayed family has maintained . Fayed family spokesman Michael Cole testified last week that Dodi 's father , Mohamed Al Fayed , was certain the couple had planned to marry . Lawyers at the inquest asked Burrell whether he knew whether a special announcement had been planned for the Monday following the fatal car crash . There has been speculation the couple planned to announce special news , such as an engagement . But Burrell said he knew nothing of such a plan . He said he had actually looked at Diana 's schedule for that day and found only mundane items , and nothing to indicate she planned a special announcement . Burrell also told the inquest he did not believe Prince Philip , Queen Elizabeth 's , husband was involved in Diana 's death . Mohamed Al Fayed , father of Dodi and the owner of Harrods department store , has long claimed that senior members of the royal family -- specifically the queen 's husband , Prince Philip -- ordered the pair be murdered . He also claims that Diana was pregnant at the time of her death . But Burrell said that he knew Prince Philip very well and that he could not have been behind the deaths . "  I can tell you that is not Prince Philip 's nature , " he said . "  Plus the princess was the mother of his grandchildren . Why would he want to harm her ? It 's not possible . " The inquest has seen and heard about correspondence which Prince Philip sent to Diana , with some witnesses claiming that he wrote cruel and hurtful letters . But other correspondence shown to the jury appeared to be friendly and was affectionately signed , "  Pa. " Burrell explained that Philip could sometimes come across as terse because he says what he thinks . "  Prince Philip does n't mix his words , " Burrell said . "  He says it as it is , but he is not a nasty man . Prince Philip is n't known for his diplomacy . He was fond of the princess . " Burrell worked for the British royals for 21 years and became close to Diana after her separation from Prince Charles . He has written two books about his time with the princess . In his second book , Burrell told of a letter from Diana which indicated she feared for her life . The princess wrote that Prince Charles planned " ` an accident ' in my car , brake failure and serious head injury . " One of Diana 's close friends , however , testified last month that she believed the letter could have been forged . Lucia Flecha de Lima said on December 18 that Burrell was capable of imitating the princess 's handwriting . Lawyers questioned Burrell about the date of the letter . Burrell said it was written in October 1996 , two months , after Diana and Charles divorced -- yet the letter refers to Charles as "  my husband . " Burrell responded that Diana always referred to Charles that way , even after the divorce . The inquest has revealed that Diana was a prolific letter-writer who also received a lot of correspondence . Witnesses , including Burrell , recall that the princess kept the letters in her desk , with the more important ones stored in a special box . Burrell testified that after Diana 's death , her mother , Frances Shand-Kidd , worked every day for a week shredding the papers from Diana 's desk . He said he expressed concern about the shredding during a meeting he had with the queen on December 19 , 1997 . It was at this meeting that Queen Elizabeth told Burrell : "  There are powers at work in this country about which we have no knowledge . " That comment , which has been widely reported , was meant to warn him to be careful , Burrell said , and was not a warning about any one person or group of people . At the same meeting Burrell also told the queen that he had taken some of Diana 's belongings to keep safe . The details of the conversation emerged when Burrell stood trial for their alleged theft in 2002 , causing the case against him to collapse . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Emily Chang and Heidi Berger contributed to this report .	Paul Burrell , Princess Diana 's former butler , gives evidence at inquest Describes phone call in which Diana 's mother called her daughter "  a whore " Burrell says Queen Elizabeth 's husband was not involved in Diana 's death Also claims that Diana told him : "  I need marriage like a bad rash "
CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush defended his administration 's handling of the war in Afghanistan on Sunday , telling CNN that some NATO allies who contributed troops to the conflict "  turned out not to be willing to fight . " In an interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley , Bush strongly refuted criticism that his administration took its "  eye off the ball " in Afghanistan when he ordered troops to invade Iraq . He said he ordered American forces to overthrow Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein with the assumption that allied forces would help make up the difference in Afghanistan . "  What happened in Afghanistan was that our NATO allies , some of them , turned out not to be willing to fight , " Bush said . "  Therefore , our assumption that we had ample troops -- U.S. and NATO troops -- turned out to be a not-true assumption . So we adjusted . " The former president did n't name any countries specifically from NATO , which includes 28 nations in Europe and North America . Some 785 military personnel from NATO countries besides the United States have been killed in Afghanistan since hostilities began in October 2001 , with the United Kingdom , Canada and France having the most fatalities . The comments by the 43rd U.S. president , along with those of his brother and former Florida governor , Jeb Bush , aired during a CNN special , "  Bush : Two Years Later . " The former president addressed a host of matters in the interview , which came days after the release of his 481-page memoir , "  Decision Points , " and two days ahead of the groundbreaking for his presidential library and museum on Southern Methodist University 's campus in Dallas , Texas . Bush said he "  felt terrible " that weapons of mass destruction were never found in Iraq , despite the administration 's persistent and insistent case that Saddam Hussein had them before the invasion . But while he took responsibility for the big push on and subsequent lack of WMDs , the former president said he still thought the Iraq war was justified . "  If  Saddam Hussein  was in power today , the world would be a lot worse off , " he said . "  I believe that a free Iraq will be transformative in the Middle East . " Bush said he had no regrets , too , about his decision near the end of his second term to push the 2008 federal bailout that loaned hundreds of billions of dollars to companies including AIG , Citigroup , Bank of America and General Motors . President Barack Obama later successfully pressed to use billions more in federal funds to buttress the U.S. economy , as it struggled through what 's been called "  The Great Recession " marked by high unemployment and rounds of foreclosures in a percolating real estate crisis . "  I set aside my free market principles and made a very difficult decision , " Bush said . "  I believe that those decisions ... did prevent the economy from heading into a depression . " Bush said he was dismayed when his administration 's efforts to efforts to change the Social Security system -- an effort to control its costs -- failed to bear fruit . In late 2004 and early 2005 , his administration laid out proposals to overhaul Social Security , in part by creating individual investment accounts that would act more like a traditional 401k and replace the current collective Social Security pool . But the plan floundered under pressure from Democrats and special interest groups such as the AARP , and Congress never even saw any formal legislation , much less voted on it . "  Not reforming Social Security was a huge disappointment , " Bush said . Jeb Bush joined his brother for part of the CNN interview , saying he never publicly disagreed with George W. Bush when he was president and is "  not going to start now . " Alluding to the hyperpartisanship in Washington , the former Florida governor said there 's still room for civility in politics . "  I do n't think you can be against everything , just because someone has a D  for Democrat  by their name and you have an R  for Republican  by your name , " Jeb Bush said . George W. Bush said that he was mindful not to get involved in "  name calling " as president , adding that he was n't bothered when he was targeted . Bush said , too , that he did n't support Republicans challenging Democrats ' patriotism just because they disagreed with them . "  I do n't remember doing that personally , and that was uncalled for if that was the case , " he said . "  Patriotic people disagreed with my decisions . " One Democrat he has no qualms with is his Oval Office predecessor , Bill Clinton . Bush said he "  genuinely liked " Clinton , whom he called one of his "  buddies , " in part because he 's been so "  gracious " to his father , George H.W. Bush . iReporter : Welcome back , President Bush The Bush brothers both said Republicans ' setbacks in recent election among Latinos -- which voted Democrat by a 2-to-1 margin -- should be a top concern for the party , with George W. Bush calling the situation "  un problemo . " "  Part of it relates to tone , " said Jeb Bush , saying some Latinos turned away from the Republican party when some of its members spoke strongly on illegal immigration . "  If they do n't feel welcome , they 're not going to listen to the message . " Jeb Bush reiterated that he would not run for president -- like his brother and father -- in 2012 . The former governor also said he did not want to head the national Republican party because he wanted to achieve "  some financial independence " for himself and his family . The current GOP party chief , Michael Steele , has faced persistent criticism from Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , and others in recent months , even though Republicans scored big wins in the recent mid-term elections . As to speculation about Steele 's future as the party 's head , Jeb Bush opted not to wade into the party leadership debate , saying he was "  Switzerland in relation to national Republican politics . " "  If I 'm trying to achieve financial security for my family and I 'm not running for office , " Jeb Bush said . "  I certainly would n't run for RNC chairman . " Jeb Bush said that he could see either or both of his sons , Jeb and George , following their father , their uncle , their grandfather and their great-grandfather  former Sen. Prescott Bush of Connecticut  by running for political office . But George W. Bush said he did n't see his daughters , twins Jenna and Barbara , who turn 29 this month , going into politics . "  They will be involved in helping improve people 's lives , " Bush said . "  But I doubt they 'll ever run for public office . " As to his own future , and legacy , Bush said he was content to let his memoir and his decisions speak for themselves . "  I 'm not trying to shape my legacy , " he said . "  I 'm trying to provide data points for future historians . "	George W. Bush denies his administration took its "  eye off the ball " in Afghanistan The 43rd president says some NATO allies "  turned out not to be willing to fight " Bush also affirms his support for the federal bailout of banks , insurers and carmakers An interview with Bush and his brother Jeb , an ex-Florida Gov. , airs Sunday night on CNN
CNN  -- Family and close friends will say goodbye to Whitney Houston with a private funeral and burial Saturday in her native New Jersey , trying to come to grips with grief that the pastor of her childhood church called "  very deep . " "  We are all hurting , " Pastor Joe Carter of New Hope Baptist Church in Newark told CNN 's Jason Carroll on Tuesday . "  That voice is silenced . But she left us with so much . " Earlier in the day , Carolyn Whigham -- the owner of Whigham Funeral Home in the northern New Jersey city -- said that Houston 's funeral will start at noon Saturday at that church . Carter said that he 'll officiate what he described as a "  small ... invite-only service . " The church seats a maximum of 1,500 people , and the pastor said he expects "  all these empty pews to be filled with people whose hearts are broken . " "  She was able to leave us with so many wonderful memories of that God-given gift , " he said . "  That 's what we are celebrating on Saturday . " At the request of the late singer 's mother Cissy Houston , the eulogy will be given by Marvin Winans , a gospel singer and pastor at Detroit 's Perfecting Church , Carter later told CNN 's Erin Burnett . Winans officiated Houston 's 1992 marriage ceremony to R&B singer Bobby Brown . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told reporters Tuesday that he planned to issue an executive order so that flags at government buildings throughout the late entertainer 's native state would fly at half-staff on the day of her funeral . There will be no large-scale public memorial in Newark in the immediate aftermath of Houston 's death , city spokeswoman Anne Torres said . The funeral director at the Whigham Funeral Home told city officials that the family did not want a big memorial , according to Torres . Carter , the New Hope pastor , said organizers hope to set up a large screen outside his church , so people who can not get inside can see the funeral proceedings . The pop superstar 's body was flown to New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport from California on a private plane belonging to filmmaker Tyler Perry , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the situation . Late Monday , her body arrived at the Whigham Funeral Home -- borne by a hearse and escorted by police -- as a large crowd looked on . Cissy Houston , the late singer 's mother , was waiting inside , police said . New Hope 's pastor described Cissy Houston -- herself a well-known gospel singer who was active at the church -- as a "  strong , strong woman . " "  Her heart is broken : Nobody expects to bury her child , " Carter said . "  But she is managing it with miraculous strength . She is so grateful for prayers and thoughts , and that 's holding her together . " Whitney Houston , 48 , was found dead Saturday in her suite at the upscale Beverly Hilton , just hours before she was scheduled to attend a pre-Grammy bash at the hotel . Why she died remains a mystery . Despite widespread media speculation , a Los Angeles County coroner official Monday downplayed the suspicion that drugs played a major role . Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said that "  not many prescription bottles " were found in the singer 's room after her death . The amount of medications recovered by investigators was less than what is usually present in deaths attributed to overdoses , Winter said . "  I know there are reports that she maybe was drowned or did she overdose , but we wo n't make a final determination until all the tests are in , " he said . Winter ruled out foul play and said there were no injuries to Houston 's body . The singer 's soaring voice and impressive talent had taken a back seat in recent years to her struggles with drug addiction . However , a close family friend who was also at the funeral home told CNN 's Deb Feyerick on Tuesday that Houston was "  no longer an addict , " meaning she was no longer using "  hard drugs . " The friend said Houston was taking medication for a throat infection and Xanax for anxiety and to help her sleep . And it was not uncommon for her to have a drink when she went out , he said . The friend asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . "  She had let it go , " he said . "  And we were proud of her . " He said he had seen Houston about two weeks ago in New Jersey , and she told him , "  I 'm at a comfortable place in my life . " The friend said Houston had been "  clean " from hard drugs for three years and had not used cocaine or marijuana , and added that her family is upset by media coverage focusing on her history of drug problems . "  In her life , she made some bad decisions , but let 's not forget the good ones , " he said , recalling how she returned to Newark at Christmas and gave to those in need . " ... She took care of foster children , and children with AIDS . " And a singer who participated in an impromptu duet with Houston at a party Thursday night said Houston was not behaving erratically . "  I did n't see someone who was high , " Kelly Price told CNN 's "  Starting Point " on Monday . During the party , Houston took the stage unexpectedly and sang a hoarse rendition of "  Jesus Loves Me " with Price . Whitney Houston : A mother , a daughter , a friend Houston 's body was released to her family Monday , a day after an autopsy was conducted in Los Angeles . Winter , from the coroner 's office , said that results of toxicology tests could take six to eight weeks , though Beverly Hills police Lt. Mark Rosen said Tuesday that the coroner 's report is expected to be finished sooner -- in two to three weeks . That report 's conclusions into what Rosen now describes as an "  unattended , unexpected death " will drive what investigators do next , the police spokesman said . Beverly Hills police have requested a "  security hold " on the coroner 's report , a common practice in high-profile cases that limits what can be revealed about an investigation while it is ongoing . Reverend : The Whitney I knew Asked how long Houston had been dead before she was found , Winter said she only that she was seen alive within an hour of her death . Houston 's body was found by her assistant , Mary Jones , who was often called "  Aunt Mary , " a family source said Tuesday . Earlier , Winter had confirmed reports that the songstress was found in the bathtub of her hotel room . Houston 's 18-year-old daughter , Bobbi Kristina , was in the care of her grandmother Cissy and her father , Bobby Brown , the close family friend said Tuesday . Houston and Brown divorced in 2007 . Brown released a statement Tuesday saying his daughter , after a "  visit with doctors at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on Saturday , " is now "  with my family , including her  half -  siblings . " "  Obviously , the death of her mother is affecting her , " said Brown , known as a member of the group New Edition . "  However we will get through this tragedy as a family . " LZ Granderson : Sad , but no shock On Monday night , Aretha Franklin -- the singer known as the "  Queen of Soul " and Houston 's godmother -- honored her at a concert in Charlotte , North Carolina , according to CNN affiliate WSOC . Franklin called Houston "  one of the greatest singers that has ever stood before a microphone , " and sang Houston 's smash hit song , "  I Will Always Love You , " the station said . CNN 's Raelyn Johnson , Jason Kessler , Ashley Hayes , Denise Quan , Sheila Steffen and Alan Duke , as well as HLN 's Natisha Lance , contributed to this report .	NEW : A police spokesman says the coroner 's report could be done in 2 to 3 weeks Marvin Winans , a gospel singer and Detroit pastor , will give the eulogy , a pastor says The invitatiton-only service will be held at the late singer 's childhood church in Newark Its pastor says that the singer 's "  voice is silenced , but she left us with so much "
CNN  -- Even back in the days when you could still use the term "  peace process " with a straight face , the odds of solving the Jerusalem issue were already pretty long . Then , I would have put those odds a bit north of impossible and a little south of hopeless . Things are even worse now . I remember day eight of the Camp David summit in July 2000 , when discussion turned to Jerusalem . That day , it was clear to me that as far Camp David was concerned , it was game over . There were some intriguing moves on Israel 's part , but nothing that could have settled the issue . Indeed , Ehud Barak , Yasser Arafat and Bill Clinton could have fallen into the yawning gaps that separated Israelis and Palestinians on this issue and never have been heard from again . Fast forward a decade and a half , and not much has changed . Jerusalem is still insoluble and it now seems more explosive then ever . So what is it about Jerusalem/Yerushalayim/al-Quds that makes it so potentially contentious and deadly ? Three things stand out : It 's a perfect storm of complexity . Jerusalem is a microcosm of almost all the issues in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict packed into one small place that is marked by a big history . It combines territory  who will control land in the east and west , not to mention the four quarters -- Jewish , Muslim , Armenian , Christian -- of the old city  . It involves political identity  conflicting claims to the city as a capital  ; it is driven by religion  see below  involving not just Jews , Muslims and Christians in the Middle East , but globally , too ; and as the last few months suggest , it is also a matter of security fraught and framed now by an intimacy of killing reflected in the slayings of Israeli and Palestinian teens this past summer and last week 's savage Palestinian attack on a synagogue in west Jerusalem . Proximity can be deadly . Ben Franklin quipped that proximity breeds children , and contempt , too . In this regard , Jerusalem is unique in that it is one of the only places where Israelis and Palestinians  the vast majority who are n't Arab citizens of Israel  mix every day and have almost unrestricted access to one another . It is a stunning testament to the pragmatism and self-interest of Israelis and Palestinians -- as well as the imbalance of power -- that the city has remained as quiet and functional as it has these many years given such passions and politics . But it should be no surprise that given those politics and passions that Jerusalem has often become a bloody flash point , often but not always a result of the perception among Palestinians that Israel is trying to change the status of some aspect of Jerusalem . The reason for this latest round of tensions , violence and bloodletting is a perfect storm of factors that include the sense of isolation and frustration on the part of the Palestinians of East Jerusalem who do n't have the benefit of the social services and economic advantages of Israelis in the west ; Israel 's effort to expand their communities and presence in East Jerusalem ; Hamas ' efforts to incite and fan the flames ; and the grim realization that the future seems almost certain to be more of the same . With the Israel-Gaza war over until the next round , and the West Bank relatively quiet , it 's Jerusalem that has emerged as the epicenter of unrest . Overlapping sacred space . Things in Jerusalem would be bad enough if the perfect storm were driven only by proximity as well as nationalist and political conflict . But that was not to be . Jerusalem is above all a matter of faith , of belief and of religion . The notion that the three Abrahamic faiths -- Islam , Christianity and Judaism -- share common values concerning peace , social justice and humanity may well be true . But that has never been the case when it comes to this city . History is filled with claims , conquests , crusades , occupations , massacres and violence in the name of possessing Jerusalem , not sharing it . And nowhere has the religious complexity of the Jerusalem issue been clearer than on the question of who controls and what will happen to the Haram al-Sharif  Noble Enclosure  and Har Habayit  Temple Mount  . That platform , situated within the walls of Jerusalem 's Old City , is in essence a physical manifestation of overlapping sacred space . Atop sits the goldened Dome of the Rock , a seventh century Islamic shrine built by the Caliph Abd al-Malik that houses the foundation stone , a massive rock that figures prominently in Jewish and Islamic tradition . And nearby there 's a site of even greater significance -- the al-Aqsa mosque started by Caliph Abd al-Malik in the seventh century . According to the Quran , it is reputed to be the ascension point where the Prophet Mohammed rose to heaven on his Night Journey . Below the platform are the remains of both Jewish temples , which housed the Ark of the Covenant and the Holy of Holies . The area is so sensitive to Jews that they were enjoined not to set foot on the Mount out of fear that they could be treading on that sacred ground . It is quite extraordinary that despite incidents of violence -- October 1990 , September 1996 , September 2000 and of course what 's transpired in recent weeks -- that the area has not been a scene of continuous struggle . Part of the answer may lie in the fact that the Israeli government has been the single greatest factor in preventing Jewish prayer there and in trying to preserve the status quo . And if there 's any hope of avoiding a catastrophe , it will depend on a continued effort by the government to make clear that it wo n't tolerate an effort by its own ministers , members of the parliament , and a variety of hard-line groups to do precisely that . That , combined with efforts by the Palestinian Authority to cool its own rhetoric and avoid anything that could be interpreted as inciting to violence , will help minimize the chances of a blowup and buy time and space . But buy time and space for what ? Is there a solution ? Keep in mind that the sacred space issue is only one dimension of the Jerusalem problem . You also have the challenge of what to do with the Old City , how to deal with the problem of a city that will be the capitals of two states , and the more mundane but still contentious issues of how to run a city as special and complex as this one . In July 2000 , at the Camp David summit , we did n't come close to resolving any of these issues . On the sacred space issue we tried creative ideas , including sovereignty above ground for the Palestinians and below for the Israelis and  my favorite  taking sovereignty away from both and placing it with God . No deal , even though we were dealing with Israelis  Barak  and Palestinians  Arafat  who were far more willing and able to do something if the terms were right . Those are not the leaders we have today . There were nights in Jerusalem after the negotiations had ended that I 'd sit with my friend Gamal Helal , adviser and Arabic interpreter to half a dozen presidents . We 'd look at the walls of Jerusalem and wonder about what the Muslim leader Saladin and the Christian crusader Richard the Lionheart would have made of American efforts . Not much , we concluded sadly . But we knew what they must have sensed , too . History teaches that Jerusalem is n't to be shared . Jerusalem is to be possessed and contested in the name of the tribe , the nation -- and above all in the name of God . And whether that past will remain prologue remains to be seen .	Aaron David Miller : Jerusalem is a perfect storm of complexity Relative quiet a testament to pragmatism on both sides , Miller says History of city filled with claims , conquests and occupations , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress passed a $ 300 billion farm bill over President Bush 's veto for a second time Wednesday , a step made necessary by a clerical error when the original bill passed . Congress overrode President Bush 's second veto of a $ 300 billion farm bill . The Senate voted 80-14 to approve the measure over Bush 's objections , following a 317-109 vote in the House of Representatives . Both votes were well above the two-thirds majority needed to override the veto , which Bush delivered Wednesday morning . Congress overrode an earlier veto of the farm bill last month , even though lawmakers had discovered that 34 pages were missing in the version originally sent to the White House . In spiking the latest version , Bush said he objected to its continued subsidies for the wealthy and its use of budget gimmicks to hide a $ 20 billion increase in spending . But Sen. Kent Conrad , the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee , said the measure actually saves the government $ 110 million . "  This bill does not add to the deficit or debt , because this bill is paid for , " he said . "  That is not my claim . That is the finding of the Congressional Budget Office . " The discovery of the missing section , Title III , prompted concerns from House Republicans that the override vote was improper . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the sections of the bill that were originally sent to the president had become law after Congress voted to override Bush 's first veto . But to put Title III into effect , Congress re-passed the entire legislation , including the missing pages , and resent it to Bush . The House voted 306-110 at the end of May . The Senate voted 77-15 for the bill at the beginning of June . Two-thirds of the $ 300 billion in spending for the farm bill will go for nutrition programs such as food stamps . Another $ 40 billion will go toward farm subsidies , and $ 30 billion is allocated for payments to farms to keep land idle and other environmental programs . After vetoing the latest version of the farm bill , Bush scolded Congress on Wednesday for not "  modifying certain objectionable , onerous and fiscally imprudent provisions . ... I am returning this bill for the same reasons as stated in my veto message . " When he vetoed the first version of the farm bill , Bush said it "  continues subsidies for the wealthy and increases farm bill spending by more than $ 20 billion , while using budget gimmicks to hide much of the increase . " The president said it would hurt efforts to improve American farmers ' access to overseas markets . Congress has passed one other bill over Bush 's objections : legislation for a $ 23 billion water project that the president vetoed in 2007 . CNN Capitol Hill producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate votes 80-14 to approve measure over Bush 's objections President Bush vetoed $ 300 billion farm bill for second time Bush says bill is too generous to wealthy farmers Version originally sent to White House had 34 pages missing
CNN  -- Here 's a factoid many people know but few seem to understand : Alaska has the highest ratio of men to women in the United States . Several of you tweeted and e-mailed me that data point after I published a series of stories on the fact that Alaska also has the highest rate of reported rape in the country . Maybe the superlatives are related ? you wondered . Here 's a quick sample of comments I got on Twitter : • "  I lived in Anchorage . It was about 10 men to one woman per capita in the 80s , a lot of bars , partying . Last frontier mentality . " • "  Highest male to female ratio , too . Very masculine culture . Needs to change male behavior there . " • "  This is because there are about 12 men to every woman . Odds are good but the goods are odd ! I lived there , I know ! " It 's true there are more men in Alaska than women , but the situation is n't nearly as extreme in reality as it is in the popular imagination . There are 107 men in Alaska for every 100 women , according to 2013 estimates from the Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development  Excel  . That 's an estimated 380,741 males and 355,658 females . The difference : 25,083 . An imbalance , sure . But does it explain the high rape rate ? No way , said Andre Rosay , director of the University of Alaska Anchorage Justice Center . I invited Rosay to a live online chat with readers about this question and others . "  The Alaska rates of violence against women are much higher than they are elsewhere , " he wrote . "  The difference in the men to women ratio is n't big enough to account for the astoundingly high rates of violence that we see here in Alaska . " There remain some areas of the state , such as the Aleutian Islands , where only a third of the population is female , according to a 2012 research brief to the Alaska State Legislature  PDF  . But the statewide ratio is shrinking toward insignificance . "  While the ratio of men to women in Alaska is still higher than any other state in the country , it is much smaller than a hundred years ago , when men outnumbered women nearly 2 1/2 to one , " the brief says . "  The percentage of women in the population has grown over the past century , currently making up about 48 % of the state 's population . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , women comprise 50.8 % of the national population . " As I detailed in my series for the Change the List project  more at CNN.com / Change  , there are a number of complicated reasons Alaska is dangerous for women , from its long , dark winters to high rates of alcohol abuse and , perhaps more important than either , an awful history of cultural trauma and colonial violence . The ratio alone ca n't explain it . And it 's not the statistic we should be focusing on . Alaska 's reported rape rate is three times the national average . State surveys show that an estimated 37 % of women in Alaska suffer from sexual violence -- and nearly six in 10 suffer from sexual and/or intimate partner violence , which includes threats of violence . The governor told me the situation is an "  epidemic . " I 'm open to the possibility that the men-to-women ratio may affect the odds that men in Alaska will be able to find lasting relationships . This has long been a favorite topic for newspaper reporters , who write about the ratio with a sort of faux-fascination . "  There they were , " a New York Times reporter wrote of women in a Nome , Alaska , bar in 2004 , "  an oasis in the Arctic , shooting pool , giving out phone numbers , dashing off to the restroom to apply lipstick , coquettishly sipping drinks bought by their suitors , including a popular cocktail , ` Love Me Tender , ' made with gin and peach vodka . ... Summer is a time of hope for the unattached men of Nome , " the article continues , "  a tough gold rush town of 3,500 people in Alaska 's far western corner , where single men outnumber single women by almost two to one . " In 2012 , the Washington Post sent two single female reporters to Alaska . "  The fishermen descend almost before we even make it through the door of the rattletrap bar . They beg us for a game of pool , conversation , anything . " These reporters did n't mean any harm , and I get that Alaska is rugged and strange . It really is the "  Last Frontier " state , a remote place where plumbing is n't a given and people fend for themselves in extreme conditions . Alaska is no mecca for single ladies , though . Instead of gawking at the ratio , we should be talking about ending the violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Alaska has the highest men-to-women ratio in the country John Sutter says the ratio does n't explain high rates of violence against women Alaska also has the nation 's highest reported rape rate : three times the national average Sutter : There are 107 men for every 100 women in Alaska ; difference is n't extreme
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Dominick Dunne , the former Hollywood producer and best-selling author known for his Vanity Fair essays on the courtroom travails of the rich and famous , died Wednesday in New York city after a long battle with cancer . Dominick Dunne wrote five best selling books and covered high society crimes for Vanity Fair . Dunne , who described himself as "  a high-class Zelig , " was 83 . Called "  Nick " by his friends , Dunne was putting the finishing touches on his final novel , which he said he planned to call "  Too Much Money , " when his health took a turn for the worse . He flew to Germany earlier this month for another round of stem cell treatments at the same Bavarian clinic where the late Farrah Fawcett was treated . He was hospitalized upon his return to New York , then sent home . As a correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine , Dunne was a fixture at some of the most famous trials of our times -- Claus von Bulow , William Kennedy Smith , the Menendez brothers , O.J. Simpson , Michael Skakel and Phil Spector . He discovered his magazine writing career in his 50s , through personal tragedy -- his daughter 's murder . Watch why Dunne says he started writing about crime " He vented his anger at the legal system in "  Justice : A Father 's Account of the Trial of his Daughter 's Killer , " following the murder trial of John Sweeney , the estranged boyfriend who strangled 22-year-old Dominique Dunne , in 1982 . Sweeney spent fewer than three years in prison . Dunne 's article was published by Vanity Fair and he accepted then-editor Tina Brown 's offer to write full-time for the magazine . Calling himself a "  diarist , " Dunne dropped bold-faced names as he spilled behind-the-scenes nuggets gleaned from courtrooms and dinner parties alike . Watch more about Dunne 's life " "  It is fair to say that the halls of Vanity Fair will be lonelier without him and that , indeed , we will not see his like anytime soon , if ever again , " said editor Graydon Carter in a tribute posted on the magazine 's Web site . He bristled at one writer 's oft-repeated description of him as "  Judith Krantz in pants . " He preferred to be known as a crime victim 's advocate and frequently spoke at events sponsored by victims ' groups . The fact he personally knew many of the people he wrote about set Dunne apart from other crime writers . Dunne wrote that he met music producer Phil Spector for dinner three times during the Simpson murder trial . "  He knew every detail of the trial and story , " Dunne wrote . "  He carried a gun when we saw each other , but he never pulled it on me . " Spector later became a defendant in a trial Dunne covered . Dunne spoke to CNN in June , while promoting the DVD release of a documentary of his life called "  After the Party . " At the time , he said he was feeling well , happy , and hopeful the treatments were working . "  I 'm pro stem cell , " he said . But even then , he seemed to know he was in a race against time . "  I want to have one more best seller , before I cool , " Dunne said . "  It 's wonderful to have a best seller . " He said his personal story puts the lie to the claim by another high society writer , the late F. Scott Fitzgerald , that there are no second acts in life . "  This is the third act , " Dunne said . "  I have a novel coming out . I finally got it finished in the clinic ... I 'm calling it ` Too Much Money . ' That 's a hooking title . " Dunne looked back on his life during the hour-long lunchtime phone chat . He said he had just one regret -- his failed marriage to his wife , Lenny , who died in 1997 . The couple divorced in 1965 but remained close . "  I loved that marriage , " he said . "  Lenny was the love of my life . And yet I ruined it . I was n't formed yet . The regret is that I hurt her . " Dunne had his own television show , truTV 's "  Power , Privilege and Justice . " Marc Juris , truTV 's executive vice president , recalled Dunne as "  a master storyteller ... who always kept his eye on the human story behind the crimes . " Besides hosting his own show , Dunne appeared frequently on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  Dominick Dunne was one of the finest people I 've known , " King said . "  He was a terrific writer , a raconteur , and a familiar face on ` Larry King Live ' for many years . He was a wonderful human being . " In court , Dunne always dressed impeccably , wearing dark jackets and gray flannels , sharply starched shirts complete with cufflinks , and club-style ties . He used a fountain pen to jot notes in small bound notebooks . He was unabashedly pro-prosecution , although he said he "  lost no sleep " over Robert Blake 's acquittal on a charge of killing his wife , and was troubled by Martha Stewart 's conviction on lying to investigators about a stock deal . Watch Nancy Grace 's tribute " When Simpson 's acquittal was announced in 1995 , Dunne 's jaw dropped and the courtroom cameras caught his expression . It became an iconic image . Simpson later was found liable in a wrongful death suit and ordered to pay more than $ 33 million to the victims ' families . Dunne had been battling cancer for several years -- a fight that became widely known when he collapsed in court last year while covering Simpson 's Las Vegas armed robbery trial . He was n't in court to see Simpson sentenced to prison . Dunne 's life story reads like one of his novels . He was born to a well-to-do family in Hartford , Connecticut , in 1925 ; his father was a cardiac specialist . As a young man , Dunne attended Williams College and fought in the Battle of the Bulge , winning the Bronze star . He later found work in New York as a stage manager for "  The Howdy Doody Show , " a popular kids ' show when television was in its infancy . He moved to Hollywood , rubbing elbows with the biggest names in show business during the 1960s , and became a movie producer . But he soon became addicted to alcohol and drugs , hit bottom and became his own worst nightmare -- a nobody . He sobered up and retired to a one-room cabin in Oregon to write his first novel , then headed back to New York with just a suitcase and his typewriter . In 1985 , Dunne wrote his first best-seller , "  The Two Mrs. Grenvilles , " loosely based on a society killing . That success was followed by "  People Like Us , " "  An Inconvenient Woman , " "  A Season in Purgatory , " and , following the Simpson trial , "  Another City , Not my Own . " His brother , the late John Gregory Dunne , was an accomplished author and was married to Joan Didion , a wit and famous writer . In fact , Dunne has said , he was so daunted by their talent that it probably delayed the start of his own writing career by decades . Dunne is survived by his two sons , Alexander and Griffin . Griffin is an actor-producer who has appeared in films such as "  An American Werewolf in London " and "  After Hours . " His credits on the other side of the camera include "  Fierce People " and "  Practical Magic . " Asked if he believed in past lives , Dunne , ever the firm believer in second acts , said : "  I believe in future ones . "	Dunne had been receiving stem cell treatments in Europe for bladder cancer He was working on his final novel , due out in December Dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for Vanity Fair He also wrote best-sellers and hosted a show on truTV
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- It 's the week before finals at the University of Arizona in Tucson , and all over campus , students are hunched over books and laptops under the shelter of immense palm trees and sprawled out on the cement benches lining the campus ' long , grassy mall , the anticipation palpable . Elsewhere , in the Cesar Chavez Building , graduate student Francisco Baires sits in a windowless office that could have been a closet in a previous life , immersed in a different kind of work : He is sending a statement condemning Arizona 's new anti-illegal immigration law to the media and other opponents of Senate Bill 1070 . "  As students , we have a responsibility to fight this law through action and to raise our voices so those in power hear us , " he said . "  The time has come for us to stop talking about it and be about it . " Baires is one of many student activists in Arizona and across the country leading the charge to kill SB 1070 before it takes effect this summer . The law requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect they 're in the United States illegally . It also targets those who hire illegal immigrant day laborers or knowingly transport them . Tea Partiers to illegal immigrants : ` Sign guestbook ' The letter , which Baires and his cohorts are circulating as a petition , sums up the sentiments of many students . The 12 students of various ethnicities who spoke with CNN said they did not support the bill , citing concerns that the law would promote racial profiling and foster an environment of fear and paranoia among Hispanics , whether they are in the country legally or not . "  We believe that it is a law based in fear and racism . The law targets not only immigrants , but all Latinos  even those who are U.S. citizens  as well as any U.S. citizen who may associate with members of either group , " the letter states . "  We want to halt the prejudicial momentum of Arizona 's legislators and keep the campus of the University of Arizona a free , safe place for persons of all races , backgrounds and ethnicities . " The students ' views are also a microcosm of the broader opposition nationwide to the bill , which Gov. Jan Brewer signed into law Friday , citing concerns over crime and the failure of the federal government to regulate immigration . Dozens of protests have been staged nationwide , including in Tucson , where hundreds gathered outside the state capitol as the bill was being signed . What will Arizona immigration law do ? "  It was incredible to see that the vast majority of those assembled were young people , some as young as high school , " professor Roberto Rodriguez said . "  To many of them , who may have parents who are illegal or have relatives that live in Mexico , this is more than just a law ; this is personal . This is a threat to their families . This could tear them apart . " Students have been at the forefront of the major social movements of the past century , but the advent of social networking tools such as Facebook and Twitter allows them to organize at a faster and more efficient rate . "  The Internet really helps us reach a wide audience with the most up-to-date information , " said student coordinator Jessica Mejia , one of many who helped organize the protest at the capitol . "  Now that the bill has passed , this is just the beginning . " iReport : Share your thoughts on immigration policy Some critics of the bill are threatening legal action ; others are pledging to boycott travel and business in Arizona unless they overturn the legislation . At the University of Arizona this week , resistance took the form of Immigration Awareness Week , a series of programs and information sessions organized by Mejia and others that included meetings on how the law works and an open forum for students to share their struggles with immigration . "  In my community , everyone has a sense of persecution . We 're living in a constant state of fear , " said Hector Gonzalez , 21 , a Mexican-born U.S. citizen whose family lives in Phoenix . "  The law is instilling fear and limiting people from going out and doing chores , which will eventually have a direct economic impact on the community , too . " Even students who support immigration reform called the law ill-conceived . "  I can see how something needs to be done about illegal immigration , but this is taking it too far , " said Nick Lunn , a 21-year-old film major . "  They say there wo n't be racial profiling , but I do n't see how you can look past it . " Supporters of the bill point to language stating that officers can not stop someone solely based on race , ethnicity and country of origin . Read the full text of Senate Bill 1070  PDF But student body representative Tyler Quillin said the word "  solely " leaves the door open for race to be among the reasons that influences an officer 's decision to detain someone . "  I see a definite separation , a disjoint between Latinos and law enforcement , " Quillin said . "  Like they said on ` Saturday Night Live , ' there 's nothing more Nazi than ` Can I see your papers ? ' " People also worry that the law will further marginalize undocumented immigrants by discouraging them from reporting crimes , accidents or injuries . "  It really worries me that this will increase public health issues and make them worse for women and children who might too scared of being deported to go to the hospital or to police if something happens to them , " said Grecia Ramirez , a public health major . "  It really scares me to think about the long-term implications of this bill . " Ramirez and other students said they planned to continue attending protests such as the one Baires and his collaborators are setting up Wednesday , when they plan to present their petition to the school 's president to sign . "  We want him to publicly state his support for our position in a show of solidarity , " he said . "  We need to come together to fight this . There 's strength in numbers . "	University of Arizona students crafting petition against Senate Bill 1070 Dozens of protests have been held nationwide since bill was signed Even students in favor of immigration reform call measure ill-conceived
