CNN  -- The U.S. response to the increasing natural disaster in Pakistan is , like so much else when it comes to American relations with that country , too little and too tentative . Epic flooding now hitting Pakistan is an unfolding humanitarian crisis on the scale of its 2005 earthquake , which claimed some 75,000 lives , or the 2004 Asian tsunami , in which more than 200,000 people died . And because of the gradual nature of flooding , as opposed to the sudden impact of an earthquake , the devastation over time could overwhelm those earlier crises . One in nine Pakistanis -- some 20 million people -- are already homeless , lacking food or medicine . Health officials warn that a cholera epidemic is likely , with 3 1/2 million children now at risk . Despite the cataclysmic scale of this disaster , the Obama administration is not responding with the same direct , comprehensive and large-scale effort that the Bush administration undertook in response to the 2005 Pakistani earthquake and the 2004 Asian tsunami . This current approach of primarily relying on the Pakistani government and local aid groups will not work -- either in terms of meeting the scale of the crisis or swaying Pakistani public opinion toward the United States . American aid to the flood victims is a clear humanitarian imperative . Some have argued that it is also in the national security interest of the United States to win friends and stabilize the country . This is of particular concern since , according to my contacts in Pakistan and reports in South Asia media , radical Islamist groups allied to al Qaeda are on the front lines in providing direct aid to the flood victims . Jamaat-ud-Dawa , linked to the terrorists who carried out the 2008 attack in Mumbai , India , has already reportedly established 13 relief camps , with some 2,000 members providing help . Pakistan , the only nuclear-armed Muslim majority country , is the home base for both the Taliban and al Qaeda . Its population faces growing radicalization ; the chairman of the Joint Chiefs , Adm. Mike Mullen , has called it the most important country to the future of Islamist extremism . The United States thus far is donating $ 76 million in assistance , only a portion of which is being provided directly by the U.S. military . But the $ 76 million is dwarfed by the massive humanitarian assistance -- hundreds of millions -- the U.S. military brought directly to victims of the 2005 earthquake and the 2004 tsunami -- delivered via aircraft carriers , hospital ships and thousands of American troops . U.S. military helicopters flew some 6,000 relief operations to Pakistani earthquake victims alone . For both the 2005 earthquake and the tsunami , the U.S. military worked closely with local governments , but did not leave it primarily up to them to deliver the aid . Large-scale humanitarian assistance can have a dramatic favorable influence on public opinion . The nonprofit organization I lead provided empirical proof of this in conducting the first public opinion surveys of Indonesia after the tsunami and Pakistan after the 2005 earthquake , as well as follow-up polls . After the tsunami struck Indonesia , the world 's largest Muslim country , on December 26 , 2004 , the United States led an extraordinary international relief effort of on-the-ground , people-to-people aid . It was broadcast nonstop on local Indonesian television and had a clear American "  brand . " Afterward , public opinion among Indonesians dramatically swung toward the United States , with 65 percent of Indonesians expressing a favorable opinion as a direct result of American aid . Mullen called the shift in Indonesian public opinion toward America "  one of the defining moments of this new century . " Similarly , after the devastating earthquake hit Pakistan in 2005 , the United States stepped in with another intensive relief effort -- again widely reported in local media and clearly identified as American aid . Afterward , our surveys found that 79 percent of self-identified Osama Bin Laden supporters  78 percent of all Pakistanis  thought well of the United States because of its humanitarian mission . Among all Pakistanis , the U.S. government was more popular than al Qaeda , the Taliban , or any Pakistani Islamist radical group -- even among Pakistanis who thought favorably of these groups . Indeed , the number of Pakistanis who voiced a favorable opinion of the United States doubled from 23 percent six months before the earthquake to 46 percent one month after American aid began . Yet our research shows that in the case of both the tsunami and Pakistani earthquake , public opinion changed only because the American military delivered the aid directly , in a comprehensive campaign cooperative with , but not dependent on , local governments or nonprofit groups . Whether from donor fatigue or simply a lack of vision , the United States is not mobilizing a similar effort now . In addition , the Pakistani government 's response to the crisis has been ineffective at best . Distrust of Pakistan 's political leaders is spreading as rapidly as the floodwaters . The United States has the same opportunity as the radical Islamists to fill the void . It can help the victims of one of the largest natural disasters we have recently seen . The United States can also win over Pakistanis , in the key country in the battle against extremism . But only if the administration steps up and deploys the same level of military resources as with the 2004 tsunami and the 2005 Pakistani earthquake can we succeed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ken Ballen .	Ken Ballen says Pakistan floods are crisis that could rival 2005 earthquake , Asian tsunami But U.S. not meeting disaster with rapid , comprehensive approach , as before Extremists ready to assume aid role ; U.S. squandering chance to woo Pakistanis , he says Ballen : Aid efforts are important opportunities to garner good will ; wrest aid role from extremists
CNN  -- Bolton 's Fabrice Muamba made an emotional appearance at their Reebok Stadium before their game against Tottenham Wednesday , just 46 days after collapsing on the pitch against the same opposition . He walked on to the field to a standing ovation with the crowd chanting his name in unison . The 24-year-old midfielder was visibly moved as he acknowledged their cheers before joining his fiancee Shauna Magunda in the stands to watch the vital English Premier League game . Muamba 's heart stopped for 78 minutes after his collapse at White Hart Lane on March 17 in an FA Cup tie . Millions watched the horrific scenes on television but he has since made a remarkable recovery and left the London Chest Hospital on April 16 . "  This is a special place , the support has been overwhelming and I am just grateful for that , " Muamba told Sky Sports before Wednesday 's match . "  I am okay , I am getting stronger every day . I am happy to be back I am just happy to be able to speak to people again and walk freely . " In his absence , Bolton have continued to battle against relegation , but their hopes of avoiding the drop suffered a major setback as Tottenham won 4-1 with goals from Luka Modric , Rafael van der Vaart and a second half double from Emmanuel Adebayor . The visitors dominated and might have been ahead before Croatian star Modric scored just before halftime with a superb long range effort . Bolton equalized soon after the break as Nigel Reo Coker converted with a 51st minute strike , but Tottenham 's lead was restored when Dutch international van der Vaart finished off a flowing move . Adebayor ended any hopes of a home comeback with two neat finishes after being played through by more slick passing . Victory left Tottenham in fourth spot in the battle for Champions League places , edging Newcastle on goal difference . Newcastle were 2-0 winners at Chelsea Wednesday , all but ending the home side 's hopes of qualification for the Champions League through league position . Chelsea face Liverpool in the FA Cup final at Wembley Saturday and Bayern Munich in the final of the Champions League on May 19 in a bid for double silverware under interim manager Roberto di Matteo . Despite these upcoming big matches , they fielded a strong side at home to Newcastle , but were second best once Papiss Demba Cisse had put the visitors ahead with a stunning first half strike . Chelsea showed little sign of equalizing and Senegal star Cisse finished them off in injury time with another sublime effort .	Fabrice Muamba appears on pitch before Bolton 's match against Tottenham Muamba collapsed on the pitch against Tottenham in an FA Cup match on March 17 Tottenham win vital EPL clash 4-1 to leave Bolton in relegation zone Newcastle score 2-0 victory at Chelsea to boost their European hopes
CNN  -- A cache of e-mails leaked to CNN is giving extraordinary insight into the life of Syria 's first family during the regime 's move to crush a now-yearlong civilian uprising . The e-mails were obtained by CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " from a source in the region after the e-mail accounts were hacked . They appear to shed light on a family often occupied with YouTube videos and shopping while the brutal crackdown continued , and they also apparently reveal some of Iran 's influence over Syria 's president . Just before Bashar al-Assad delivered a speech January 10 , an aide apparently e-mailed him , saying a political adviser to the Iranian ambassador was encouraging al-Assad to use "  strong and violent " language . In that speech , al-Assad then promised to strike the opposition with an "  iron fist . " There are also e-mails from a man named Hosein Mortada , who -- according to his Facebook page -- is the Damascus bureau chief for two Iranian news networks . Mortada twice offers advice to the president 's aide , who passes it on to al-Assad . On Christmas Eve , Mortada apparently wrote to an al-Assad aide that al Qaeda should not be blamed for a recent attack . "  I even received calls from Iran and Hezbollah , being the director of several Iranian and Lebanese channels , and they advised me NOT to even mention al Qaeda being behind the incident ... because this would be a serious tactical media error , " Mortada wrote , according to the e-mail . December 24 was the day Syrian troops began their onslaught on the Baba Amr neighborhood in Homs , according to activists . The next day , an apparent e-mail from Mortada said his "  friends " in the city reported armed people in front of every door were threatening residents and forcing them to protest . The next day , with Arab League monitors on the ground in Syria , Mortada apparently e-mailed the same aide that Syrian supporters needed to make sure opposition members did not turn out in large numbers in public . "  We need to take control of public squares during this period , " he wrote . "  At the same time , groups affiliated with us will fill the squares ... so we do n't leave them open for others , since the opposition is getting ready to move with the presence of the monitors . In this case , we will block their way and  prevent them  from reaching any square . " CNN has tried to reach Mortada to ask about the authenticity of the e-mails but so far has received no response . However , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported Mortada denied the correspondence , and accused Western media of making up the story . "  I am only a journalist and head of Press TV and al-Alam news channels offices in Damascus , " he was quoted as saying . The monitors stayed in Syria for several weeks , visiting various cities and towns as they tried to assess whether the government was upholding its commitment to end the crackdown . Shortly after the monitors ' arrival in late December , an apparently amused al-Assad sent one of his closest advisers a YouTube video that mocked a theory the regime had hidden tanks during the monitors ' visit . "  Check out this video on YouTube , " al-Assad wrote on December 29 , according to the e-mail . The reply in English : "  Hahahahahahaha , OMG !!! This is amazing ! " Some of the most interesting insights in the al-Assad e-mails are personal . In November , as the Syrian military ramped up its attack on Homs , first lady Asma al-Assad seemed more concerned with the latest "  Harry Potter " DVD , apparently asking a friend to bring the movie when she comes for a visit . The first lady in the past year also seems to have spent much of her time online shopping for expensive jewelry , art , and furniture , and e-mailing boutiques in London and Paris . In one e-mail exchange with an art dealer in London , Asma al-Assad , apparently using a false name , inquires about six artworks that all feature butterflies . The dealer responds that the works cost between Â # 5,000 and Â # 10,500  $ 7,800 and $ 16,500  . The art inquiry was sent October 28 , the same day Syrian protesters staged a massive demonstration in the city of Hama , in which they called for an end to al-Assad 's rule . On February 3 -- the same day opposition activists reported more than 200 killed in the "  Homs massacre , " and a day before the U.N. Security Council was scheduled to meet on Syria -- the first lady apparently e-mails a friend asking whether she should reserve Christian Louboutin shoes costing as much as $ 7,000 a pair . "  These are really iconic pieces for Spring and some fabulous styles , " the e-mail says . Two days later , mortars and rockets rained down on Homs after the Security Council failed to pass a resolution aimed at stemming the violence . That same day , President al-Assad apparently e-mailed his wife the lyrics and audio file to a song by U.S. country singer Blake Shelton with the words , "  God gave me you for the ups and downs/God gave me you for the days of doubt . " One of al-Assad 's advisers apparently sent an e-mail containing a picture of a woman wearing only a G-string and a bra . Other e-mails contain suggestions for al-Assad 's speeches and indicate further influence by Iran . Al-Assad should use "  emotional " language about pro-Syrian "  martyrs , " wrote a female aide named Hadeel , who said she consulted with a number of people , including a political adviser to the Iranian ambassador . He should "  send a huge invitation to the families of the martyrs so it seems like a celebration , " the e-mail said , and "  have one of the widows of the martyrs make a strong statement on behalf of the families . " In a December 1 e-mail , Hadeel urged al-Assad to use tough language in his speeches . "  Threaten Israel and show our power as a country and a people in case our security is threatened  standing in the face of anyone who wants evil for Syria -- pointing ... at our real enemy  , " she writes . "  Just like you said in your first speech , if a war is imposed on us , we welcome it . " She said al-Assad looked good in a military uniform during a speech and signed off by saying , "  I am going to the movies . " One e-mail claims to have duped CNN into reporting the words of a fake pro-Syrian commentator . The woman says she created a fake username on Facebook and wrote a commentary that she said later appeared on the air . An e-mail sent by the president to himself contains talking points for an interview he gave to Barbara Walters on the U.S. TV network ABC in early December . He sent the e-mail January 17 ; there is no information on who sent the original message or why he re-sent it weeks later . Al-Assad was to briefly mention government reforms , the e-mail said , but not go into detail because "  Americans are too stupid to understand details . " "  It would be worth mentioning how ur personality has been attacked and praised in the last decade according to the media , " goes the e-mail , written in English . "  At one point u were viewed as a hero and in other times u were the ` bad guy . ' Americans love these kinds of things and get convinced by it . " Whoever wrote the e-mail ended by saying , "  Thank you . U are amazing ! " More fawning from his al-Assad 's inner circle came in another e-mail , with the sender writing in English , "  I never met an amazing person like u. . . i get so proud when people meet u and go tell the world how amazing ur . Miss u. " Amid the violence , it appears not even close friends could persuade al-Assad to step down . "  It seems like its getting worse rather than better -- is that the case , or is it the media ? What is the long-term plan ? " wrote the daughter of Qatar 's emir to the first lady , according to an e-mail from August . "  It seems like there needs to be an exit strategy . " She made a similar suggestion later that month . "  From what I see there 's so many innocent lives being lost . There 's still an opportunity for transfer of power , transition without risking a lot , " she wrote , according to the e-mail . "  It 's a natural time to address the nation with the intention of stepping down . The lives lost can not be retrieved , but there 's still a chance to keep a positive image . " Months later , she suggested exile in Doha . Journalist Samya Ayish and CNN 's Tracy Doueiry , Salma Abdelaziz , Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali , Yasmin Amir , Roba Alhenawi and John Vause contributed to this report .	The e-mails were leaked to CNN by a source in the region They show Syria 's first lady shopping while violence raged On the day of the Homs massacre , she is inquring about designer shoes They appear to show Iran 's influence on the Syrian regime
CNN  -- Several months ago , Meaghin and Jonathan Jordan were strolling through a shop near their home in Kiln , Mississippi , when they spotted a box of high-powered magnets that could be arranged and rearranged into various shapes . "  We said , ` These look neat . This would be something fun for us to do , ' " Meaghin recalls . So the couple bought the magnets . It ended up being the worst purchase of their lives . Even though they say they put the magnets up on a high shelf , their son Braylon , almost 2 years old , somehow swallowed eight of them . If they had been just little balls , it would n't have been much of a problem ; he would have just passed them . But because the magnets were attracted to one another , they formed a clump and bored a hole through his intestines . Braylon has been in the hospital for nearly two months , most of that time spent in intensive care . He 's had more than six surgeries . He developed a bloodstream infection and had to be completely sedated for three weeks . More than once , doctors thought he would die . He 's scheduled to leave the hospital this week , but he still needs to have an intestinal transplant because much of the tissue had to be removed . There are no recent studies on how many children have ingested high-powered magnets , although the Consumer Products Safety Commission has received reports of 200 cases since 2008 . CPSC animation shows how magnets twist the intestines One of Braylon 's physicians , Dr. R. Adam Noel , an associate professor of pediatrics at the Louisiana State University Heath Science Center in New Orleans , surveyed his fellow pediatric gastroenterologists to get an idea of how often this occurs . The 33 physicians who responded to Noel 's survey had altogether seen 82 young patients who had swallowed magnets . Most of these kids , like Braylon , had bowel perforations . Tuesday , Noel and other pediatric gastroenterologists will meet in Washington with the CPSC to ask what they can do to help make sure more children do n't suffer . "  I 'm surprised by how little protection there is , " Noel says . Product recalls , even bans , are ` on the table ' Magnets have a long and not very happy history with the CPSC . In 2006 , the agency and Mattel announced a voluntary recall of more than 4 million sets of Polly Pockets , plastic dolls whose clothes and accessories contained magnets . A spokesman for the CPSC says the agency might do something similar with adult magnet toys . "  We 're an agency with a history of a few bans , " says the spokesman , Scott Wolfson . "  All options are still on the table . " Companies that make magnetic "  adult desktop toys , " such as Buckyballs and NeoCubes , argue that the products would be safe if consumers used them correctly . "  You have to keep them up high , like scissors , or prescription drugs , " says Alan Schoem , a lawyer for the company that makes Buckyballs , the leading adult magnet toy on the market . "  You tell kids not to touch the stove . It 's no different with a product like Buckyballs . " There are five warnings on the packaging and instructions for Buckyballs , he says , and the company wo n't sell them in stores that cater exclusively to children . Plus , he says , they have an education program for stores , physicians and schools . But some doctors wonder if warnings and education are enough . If there are hundreds of magnets in each set , parents might not notice that a few roll away . Since magnets are fun to play with and they look like candy , young children will likely try to eat them . "  Is there really any truly safe way of keeping these products out of the hands of children ? " asks Dr. Maria OIiva-Hemker , chief of the division of pediatric gastroenterology at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , who plans on attending the Tuesday meeting in Washington . ` Not your grandfather 's magnets ' Noel 's presentation to the CPSC is titled "  Not Your Grandfather 's Magnets . " Called "  rare earth " or "  neodynium " magnets , they 're much more powerful than their regular counterparts . Dr. Steven Schwarz , a professor of pediatrics at Downstate Medical Center in New York , knows how strong these magnets ' attraction really is . He recently removed a bracelet made of 29 high-powered magnets from the stomach of a 13-month-old girl . "  It 's not easy to pull them apart , " he says . "  You can feel the resistance . " Since these magnets are more powerful , they 're more likely to clump together inside the body . "  Normally , who cares about little round balls ? But these are little round balls that can twist your intestines , " Oliva-Hemker says . The Jordans , after their horrific experience with Braylon , are all for a recall . "  I would love to get them banned , " Meaghin says . "  I do n't want this to happen to anyone else . " If you suspect your child has swallowed a magnet , please seek immediate medical attention .	Magnets , if swallowed , can cause major problems in a child 's digestive system Consumer Products Safety Commission has received reports of 200 cases since 2008 Strong magnets can clump together after they 're swallowed and damage intestines Pediatric gastroenterologists will meet in Washington with the CPSC on Tuesday
Ethics troubles complicated New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's chances of becoming Mitt Romney 's running mate last year , The New York Times reports is in an upcoming chronicle of the 2012 presidential campaign . The Times reported that too many questions remained after Christie completed the vetting process and Romney had lingering concerns . The details come four days before New Jersey voters head to the polls to determine if Christie gets a second term . During a campaign stop Friday , he dismissed the report and told CNN that the authors are "  just trying to sell books . " Christie 's challenges were first reported Thursday night by Times national political correspondent Johnathan Martin and based on details of the book , "  Double Down : Game Change 2012 . " The highly anticipated book about the presidential election by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann , is expected to be a juicy tell-all about the inner-workings of the presidential campaign . Those concerns included a Justice Department investigation of Christie 's expenditures while he was a U.S. Attorney in New Jersey . A 2010 report by the department 's Inspector General concluded Christie â $ " among five top prosecutors investigated -- was the "  the U.S. attorney who most often exceeded the government  travel expense  rate without adequate justification . " He also offered "  insufficient , inaccurate or no justification " for most of those costs , and refused to meet personally with investigators about the discrepancies . Christie was not identified by name in the government report , but government sources have said he was "  U.S. Attorney C , " CNN confirmed . Romney adviser Beth Myers , who ran Romney 's vice presidential search committee , told CNN that "  Governor Christie complied fully with the Romney campaign 's request for documents in a timely manner , including a complete medical report from his internist and cardiologist . " Romney ultimately chose Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as his running mate . Biden vs. Clinton President Barack Obama 's closest advisers may have secretly considered replacing Vice President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 ticket , but White House spokesman Jay Carney said Friday that it was never a remote possibility . "  Campaigns and pollsters test a lot of things , " he told reporters at the daily White House briefing . "  What I can tell you without a doubt is that the President never considered that and if anyone brought that to him , he would have laughed it out of the room , would never take it seriously . " Carney earlier told CNN 's "  New Day " that he knew "  for a fact " Obama never considered it , later saying the idea was never brought to him . He answered affirmatively when asked if Obama thought Biden would be a strong chief executive , saying that he had been an asset to the President in two campaigns and throughout the administration . "  Sure . I think the President picked Joe Biden as his running mate for the right reason , which is , if necessary , the vice president could be president . That 's the first item on your checklist when you 're picking your running mate , " Carney said at the White House . Asked about sizing up the potential Republican presidential field , Carney replied , "  I think they all ought to run . It would be awesome . " Bill Daley , who was then Obama 's chief of staff , said the swap was n't necessary . No one "  thought that that was a good idea or needed to be done or should be done , " Daley said on "  CBS This Morning . " The Times obtained a copy of the book and reported that the President 's top aides conducted "  extensive group-sessions and polling in late 2011 " to gauge whether dumping Biden could help bolster Obama 's waning re-election hopes . The book says Daley spearheaded the effort , despite their "  close personal rapport , " before ultimately deciding against the move when data showed that adding Clinton to the ticket would n't "  materially improve Obama 's odds . " Daley pushed back on the notion . "  Not for a moment was there a serious discussion or a belief that Joe Biden should be replaced , period , " said Daley , a CBS contributor . A difficult political year Like Carney said , Daley admitted that it was something he considered and that polling and research were done to explore the possibility because it was his job to "  look outside the box . " "  But in 2011 , " Daley said , "  it was a very difficult political year , and so my sense was we ought to look at everything here because this is a very -- it was a very difficult period , politically . " Polls conducted by CNN at the time showed that the President was struggling politically a year out from Election Day 2012 . In the late summer and fall of 2011 , Obama 's approval ratings hovered around 45 % , a 10-point drop from January of that year . There was much speculation over whether Biden would be on a second-term ticket in late 2011 and early 2012 . Wolf Blitzer wrote on CNN.com in October 2011 that White House sources told him that the President was "  very high " on Biden and "  deeply appreciates his advice . " He said he asked Clinton , then Secretary of State , if it was something she would consider but she said , "  No . " Obama 's former deputy press secretary , Bill Burton , told CNN 's Erin Burnett in January 2012 , "  Even privately , President Obama would tell you that one of the best decisions he 's ever made in politics was putting Vice President Biden on his ticket . " "  He 's not leaving the ticket , " Burton added . According to Jonathan Martin , the Times ' national political correspondent , the book provides a thorough account of the effort by senior officials inside the campaign and the White House , namely Daley , to measure what effect swapping Clinton for Biden would have on the polls . The potential switch was a closely guarded secret within the Chicago campaign infrastructure and inside the Oval Office . Only half a dozen of the President 's closest advisers -- including Daley , former Obama campaign chief Jim Messina , and former White House senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe -- knew the change was under consideration . Messina , Plouffe and Axelrod took to Twitter to push back on the report . Plouffe denied the White House or the campaign ever contemplated the swap . "  Never any consideration of  Biden-for-Clinton  switch , " Plouffe wrote in a tweet . The move was "  not ever entertained by the only person who mattered . Or most of us . Back to Halloween , " he added . Axelrod tweeted : "  VP swap never in play . Biden 's taken on many tough assignments . He 's been loyal friend and wise counselor . POTUS lucky to have him , " Axelrod wrote Friday . And Messina said : "  Let me be clear : VP-HRC switch never considered by POTUS or anyone who mattered in the campaign . #sillyseason " A significant investment But Martin pointed out that it was , in fact , considered . Martin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper the re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls . "  Campaigns do n't spend the kind of money on polling and focus groups unless they 're seriously considering something , " he said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " He said on the program that he asked Daley whether his then-boss knew about the potential shuffle . While Daley said he does n't think the President "  was aware " of the potential change , the former chief of staff admitted that it 's "  possible " Obama knew . Martin added that "  Double Down " does not definitively answer whether the political probing reached Obama 's desk . As to whether Clinton knew , Daley said on CBS that if she did know , she "  did n't find out from me . "	Concerns included investigation of Christie 's travel expenditures while U.S. attorney . Revelation included in new book by reporters on presidential campaign , "  Double Down " Christie faces New Jersey voters next week in gubernatorial reelection bid Book also says Obama campaign conducted focus groups , polling about replacing Biden with Clinton
CNN  -- Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Dawn Zimmer is again embroiled in a controversy over redevelopment in her community . The first one helped get her elected mayor . The second has added fuel to the fire of scandal consuming the administration of Gov. Chris Christie , a possible presidential candidate . The stakes are high and Zimmer 's right in the middle of it with her allegations the administration conditioned Superstorm Sandy relief money for her town to her support for a redevelopment project proposed by a company with ties to Christie . Zimmer was a little-known Hoboken City Council president when she stepped in as its first female mayor in 2009 after Peter Cammarano was arrested in a pay-to-play scheme . He was convicted on federal charges and jailed . She made her mark in local politics working to stop a high-rise redevelopment plan , a controversy that played out in court . A Democrat , the wife of a diamond manufacturing executive , and the mother of two children , Zimmer was reelected in November . Republicans paint her as one of many partisan opportunists seeking to derail Christie , who appeals to both GOP and Democratic voters in traditionally "  blue " New Jersey . Her allegations have added a new dimension to allegations of hardball politics gone awry in New Jersey under the leadership of Christie , hailed by many in his own party , and some Democrats , as a straight-shooter and a refreshing change from scripted politics . "  It 's stunning . It 's outrageous . But it 's true , " Zimmer told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union " Sunday of her claims that Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno told her in a parking lot in May that Sandy funds were conditioned on her support for the redevelopment project . Guadango said her dispatch is "  a direct message from the governor , " Zimmer said . The allegations , denied by Guandango , are the first time an official has connected Christie directly to recent controversies plaguing his administration . Hoboken mayor : ` It 's true ' Christie administration withheld Sandy funds The turn of events is quite something considering she once tweeted during the Sandy aftermath that she was "  very glad Governor Christie has been our Gov. " After Sandy , Hoboken was about 80 % underwater . As mayor , Zimmer pleaded for relief and was dismayed when her city received only about $ 300,000 of the roughly $ 100 million in state funds the city requested for flood prevention . Christie spokesman Colin Reed told CNN that Zimmer asked for $ 100 million from a roughly $ 300 million pot of money for which there was $ 14 billion worth of requests . N.J. official calls mayor 's Christie allegations ` false ' Since that request , Reed said Hoboken has been approved for nearly $ 70 million in aid . The city has also been identified as a pilot community for a federal program to prevent flooding , one of only four such projects in New Jersey . Zimmer , however , had a different account of allocated funds . She said the $ 70 million given to Hoboken was through flood insurance and other mechanisms that did not need approval from the state . She received only $ 300,000 in Christie-approved funds , she said . Zimmer 's comments Saturday and Sunday are also a change from what she told CNN the previous week , when she said that while she wondered whether Sandy aid funds were being withheld because she did n't endorse the governor 's re-election , she concluded that "  I do n't think that 's the case . " "  I do n't think it was retaliation and I do n't have any reason to think it 's retaliation , but I 'm not satisfied with the amount of money I 've gotten so far , " Zimmer told CNN at the time , not mentioning her concerns about the redevelopment project . But Sunday morning , Zimmer told CNN 's Crowley that she did n't speak out before because she did n't think anyone would believe her , adding that she is now "  offering to testify under oath . " CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell , Chris Frates , Steve Kastenbaum and Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .	Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer 's at the center of political controversy again Zimmer claims Christie administration conditioned Sandy aid on support for project Republicans say Zimmer is playing partisan politics , betraying Christie Zimmer says she 's just fighting for her water-logged town
CNN Student News  -- February 26 , 2014 From a report in the Venezuelan capital , CNN Student News brings you two very different views of the country 's government . We also look at the pros and cons of a U.S. government proposal regarding food ads in schools , and we examine how a 12-year-old 's invention with LEGOs could change the world . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources would you consult for credible information about a country 's government ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . "  Day of the Barricades " 2 . distracted driving 3 . Braille Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What was the "  Day of the Barricades " in Venezuela ? Why are some in the country protesting against President Maduro 's government ? What kind of government does Venezuela have ? How has the president responded to the protests ? 2 . What rules regarding food advertising in schools are being proposed by First Lady Michelle Obama and the Department of Agriculture ? According to the video : What is the reasoning behind this proposal ? How has the American Beverage Association , which represents several large soft drink brands , responded to it ? What do critics say about the proposal ? 3 . What is Google Glass ? Why are lawmakers in several states considering banning Google Glass for drivers ? How has Google responded ? 4 . What did Shubham Banerjee invent using LEGOs and some other materials ? In addition to the fact that it 's built using LEGOs , what sets his invention apart ? 5 . To what extreme measure did the International School of Beijing go to allow its students to have a place to play ? Why did the school do this ? How much did the dome cost ? How do officials ensure that the air inside the dome is clean ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that the Venezuelan government 's move towards socialism is so polarizing ? What impact might this form of government have on different groups of people ? 2 . Do you think a federal government ban on public school ads for certain foods is a good idea ? Explain . How might a ban on these foods impact schools and students ? What role , if any , do you believe that schools should play in their students ' eating habits ? 3 . If you were a legislator , would you vote to restrict or ban the use of Google Glass for drivers ? Why or why not ? What arguments would you anticipate from your opposition ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Relatives of Osama bin Laden want proof that the terrorist leader is dead and are calling for an investigation into how he was killed , according to Jean Sasson , an author who helped one of bin Laden 's sons write a memoir . "  They just really want some answers , and they would just really like to know what exactly happened , why they were n't called , " said Sasson , who worked with Omar bin Laden to pen a memoir titled "  Growing Up bin Laden . " The United States says U.S. Navy SEALs killed bin Laden during a May 2 raid in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where he was hiding out . On Wednesday , a key lawmaker on Capitol Hill said the death of bin Laden presents an opportunity to "  break the back " of al Qaeda . The forces collected a trove of intelligence from the compound and later buried bin Laden 's body at sea . While the Obama administration has decided not to release photos of the slain bin Laden , some U.S. lawmakers will be allowed to view them . Bin Laden 's relatives "  would like to have been able to have witnessed seeing the body , at least identified the body , because , you know how it is in the Middle East so many times : They really need proof or people start believing -- this has been discussed by a lot more people than me -- that many people will not believe that he 's dead , " Sasson told CNN Wednesday . Her comments come a day after a statement from Omar bin Laden and his brothers was provided to The New York Times . Asked about the statement , Sasson said Omar bin Laden -- who has publicly denounced his father 's violence -- contacted her and told her he has some things to say . She said she prepared a letter for him and he approved it . Another family member had gotten an attorney to write a letter about what relatives were thinking and feeling and Sasson said it was decided to go with the attorney 's letter . The statement published in The New York Times is from bin Laden 's sons -- "  the lawful children and heirs " of the notorious al Qaeda leader . It says that despite the extensive coverage of his death , "  we are not convinced on the available evidence in the absence of  a  dead body , photographs , and video evidence that our natural father is dead . " "  We seek such conclusive evidence to believe the stories published in relation to 2 May 2011 operation Geronimo as declared by the President of United States Barack Hussein Obama in his speech that he authorized the said operation and killing of OBL and later confirmed his death , " they said . The statement argued that if bin Laden has been "  summarily executed , " "  international law " might have been "  blatantly violated " and that U.S. legal standards were ignored . The statement cites the trials for late Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and late Serbian strongman Slobodan Milosevic , and notes that Osama bin Laden did n't get a "  fair trial " or "  presumption of innocence until proven guilty by a court of law . " "  If OBL has been killed in that operation as  the  president of United States has claimed then we are just in questioning as per media reports that why an unarmed man was not arrested and tried in a court of law so that truth is revealed to the people of the world . " "  We maintain that arbitrary killing is not a solution to political problems and crime 's adjudication as justice must be seen to be done , " the statement said . Three other men , including one of bin Laden 's sons , and a woman were killed in the raid , and bin Laden 's 29-year-old Yemeni wife , Amal Ahmed Abdulfattah , was wounded . All three of bin Laden 's wives and a number of children , some of whom were bin Laden 's , were taken into Pakistani custody after the raid . A U.S. official identified the other two women as Khairiah Sabar , also known as "  Umm Hamza , " and Siham Sabar , or "  Umm Khalid . " "  It is also unworthy of the special forces to shoot unarmed female family members ... killing a female and that of one of his sons , " the statement said . "  In making this statement , we want to remind the world that Omar  bin Laden  , the fourth-born son of our father , always disagreed with our father regarding any violence and always sent messages to our father , that he must change his ways and that no civilians should be attacked under any circumstances . "  Despite the difficulty of publicly disagreeing with our father , he never hesitated to condemn any violent attacks made by anyone , and expressed sorrow for the victims of any and all attacks . As he condemned our father , we now condemn the president of the United States for ordering the execution of unarmed men and women , " the statement said . It also urged Pakistan "  to release and hand over " the wives and the children of bin Laden . The authors of the statement called for a U.N. investigation into the event and said they will pursue justice in bodies such as the International Criminal Court if questions are n't answered . A senior U.S. official Wednesday angrily rejected the charge that international law was violated . "  There is an inherent right of self-defense enshrined in the U.N. charter within Article 51 . This is a man who is a terrorist , who declared war on the United States , killed Americans and continued to plan operations against the U.S. and its allies , " the official said . On Capitol Hill , one lawmaker was talking about the opportunity the death of bin Laden presents . House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , said that although al Qaeda is still alive and well , "  they are hurt , they are damaged . Their inspirational and operational leader has been taken off the battlefield , which is a huge opportunity for us . "  The confusion with them is opportunity for us and this is the time to step on the gas and break their back . " Rogers raised the possibility that there are Pakistani officials who knew about bin Laden 's hideway in the country . He spoke of a "  confusing " relationship with Pakistan , one which was cooperative at times , taking thousands of casualties battling extremists and helping arrest hundreds of al Qaeda and Taliban leaders , bomb makers , financiers and weapons dealers . However , Rogers maintained there are renegade intelligence officers and others in the Pakistani government who are sympathetic toward the Taliban and al Qaeda . The raid in which bin Laden was killed dealt a blow to the relationship between the United States and Pakistan . The revelation that bin Laden had been living in Pakistan has fueled suspicions that Pakistani officials knew the whereabouts of the terrorist leader , while Pakistan has complained about the U.S. military incursion . But while the ties between the CIA and Pakistan 's intelligence agency are strained , they are not shut down , another U.S. official said . This official , who did not want to be identified for safety concerns , said both sides need to continue working together . "  Both sides understand the importance of the relationship , " the official said . "  Cooperation is continuing , discussions are continuing , but there are issues to work through . " Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , plans to go to Pakistan soon , a Senate source familiar with his plans said Wednesday . He has visited the country at other times and has the trust and respect of many senior Pakistani officials . Most recently , Kerry visited Pakistan to help defuse tensions over the detention of Raymond Davis , a CIA contractor who was jailed in Pakistan after he shot and killed two Pakistani men in what he said was a robbery attempt . He was released from jail after compensation was paid to the victims ' families . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the administration is encouraging Kerry 's trip . "  We think it 's important as part of the overall efforts by the United States government to continue our collaborative relationship with Pakistan and the cooperation that we have seen in the past , " Carney said . "  While we do n't see eye to eye on the issues , that cooperation has led to some very important successes in our war against al Qaeda . We are working at the administration level to continue our consultations with Pakistani leaders , to continue that kind of cooperation , and are glad to see Senator Kerry make that trip as well . " In the aftermath of the U.S. raid on bin Laden 's compound , Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik told CNN Tuesday that the United States will be given access to bin Laden 's wives and children "  so they can interrogate them , they can interview them . " A senior Pakistani intelligence source had said earlier that the United States could question bin Laden 's wives only if their "  country of origin has been asked for permission . " Malik did not say when or where the United States would be able to question the wives . Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said Tuesday U.S. and Pakistani officials were discussing the matter . Carney said the administration is optimistic that U.S.-Pakistani cooperation "  will continue with regards to " access to bin Laden 's wives "  and also to the materials that were collected by the Pakistanis after the U.S. commandos left " the compound where they killed bin Laden . He described the U.S.-Pakistani relationship as "  important and complicated . " CNN 's Pam Benson and Dana Bash contributed to this report	NEW : Lawmaker says Osama bin Laden 's death a chance to "  break the back " of al Qaeda Author says family members of bin Laden want some answers about the raid The New York Times publishes a statement from bin Laden 's sons Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , is headed to Pakistan , source says
London  CNN  -- Rosetta mission controllers have made the first call to "  Go " for an attempted landing on Comet 67P , the European Space Agency  ESA  announced in a webcast Tuesday . If it succeeds it will be the first time a spacecraft has landed on a comet . Scientists say there are still a few more key decisions to take in the coming hours before a planned separation of the landing craft Philae from the mother ship Rosetta on Wednesday . Philae , which has spent 10 years fixed to the side of Rosetta during the journey across the solar system , can not be steered once released . Before Tuesday 's announcement , ESA lander system engineer Laurence O'Rourke told CNN that the orbiter Rosetta has to be in the right position to allow the craft to "  free fall " on the correct trajectory to the chosen landing site . Scientists are hoping the probe will help us learn a lot more about the composition of comets and how they react when they get close to the Sun . Weighing in at 220 pounds , it might be the size of a domestic washing machine but Philae is considerably smarter . It is equipped with an array of experiments to photograph and test the surface of Comet 67P as well as finding out what happens when the roasting effect of the Sun drives off gas and dust . But first it has to reach the landing site -- and there 's a lot that could go wrong . O'Rourke explained that hours before separation , Philae 's on-board batteries are prepared and a fly wheel is started to give the probe stability on its journey to the comet surface . Without the gyroscopic effect of the fly wheel there 's a danger that the lander could turn end over end , he said . To release Philae , wax over a latch is melted and the lander is automatically unscrewed . If it fails there 's a back-up plan . A pyrotechnic charge will fire and push the lander away at just the right speed to set Philae on the right course , O'Rourke said . Mission controllers then face a nervous seven-hour wait for Philae to reach the surface . The comet is so far away that a confirmation signal relayed from Rosetta , which remains in orbit around the comet , will take nearly half an hour to reach Earth . The comet 's gravity is so weak that engineers have come up with ingenious solutions to keep Philae in place . At touchdown two harpoons fire out from the legs , a thruster on top of the craft helps push it to the surface and screws on each of the three feet help attach it to the comet . Built by a European consortium , led by the German Aerospace Research Institute  DLR  , the landing probe has 10 instruments . If all goes well the first picture should be of the landing site taken by Philae during the final moments of descent , followed by a panoramic image from seven cameras on the top edge of the lander , O'Rourke told CNN . According to details on ESA 's Rosetta website , sensors on the lander will measure the density and thermal properties of the surface , gas analyzers will help to detect and identify any complex organic chemicals that might be present , while other tests will measure the magnetic field and interaction between the comet and solar wind -- high-energy particles given off by the Sun . Philae also carries a drill that can drive 20cms  8 inches  into the comet and deliver material to its on-board ovens for testing . O'Rourke told CNN that the landing is fraught with danger . Philae could hit a boulder or a crevice and tip over . However , mission scientists are already pleased with progress . ESA project scientists Matt Taylor said : "  The orbiter will remain alongside the comet for over a year , watching it grow in activity as it approaches the Sun , getting to within 180 million kilometers  112 million miles  in summer next year , when the comet will be expelling hundreds of kilograms of material every second . "  It 's got an awesome profile -- the adventure of the decade-long journey necessary to capture its prey , flying past the Earth , Mars and two asteroids on the way , " he said . And science fiction writer Alastair Reynolds added : "  This is science fiction made real in terms of the achievement of the mission itself , but Rosetta is also taking us a step closer to answering science fiction 's grandest question of all -- are we alone ? " What can we learn from comet landing ? How comet mission helps search for alien life What is a comet and what will Rosetta discover	NEW : Scientists give first ` go-ahead ' for an attempted landing on Comet 67P The landing craft Philae is about the size of a domestic washing machine It is equipped with nine experiments including a drill to sample the surface and test in an on-board oven The comet 's gravity is so weak that engineers have come up with ingenious solutions to keep Philae in place
Berlin  CNN  -- Germany 's President Christian Wulff announced his resignation Friday following a series of scandals that prompted calls for him to step down . The German presidency is a largely ceremonial office , but Wulff 's resignation is seen as a blow to Chancellor Angela Merkel , who supported his candidacy as president . However , it is unlikely to impact Germany 's handling of the eurozone debt crisis , Carsten Brzeski , a senior economist at ING , told CNN . In a brief televised statement , Merkel said she accepted Wulff 's resignation with the "  utmost respect and deepest personal regret . " Wulff had put the interests of the general public to the fore in deciding to resign , Merkel said . In a separate televised statement , Wulff said Germany "  needs a president who can devote himself completely to national and international challenges " -- and one who commands the trust of a wide majority of citizens . "  The developments of the past days and weeks have shown that this trust and therefore confidence in my ability to serve have been adversely affected , " he said . "  For this reason , it is no longer possible for me to continue in my role as president . " The scandal involves alleged political favors and financial impropriety while he was state premier of Lower Saxony . The Hanover prosecutor 's office called Thursday for the government to waive the president 's immunity from prosecution , in light of the evidence it had gathered . "  Following extensive analyses of new documents and the evaluation of further media reports , the Hanover Public Prosecutor 's Office now has sufficient factual evidence and therefore grounds for initial suspicion of receiving bribes or being granted advantages , " it said in a statement . "  The Office  therefore proposes to the president of the German Parliament that immunity for the federal president be waived . " The Hanover prosecutors are investigating David Groenewold , a German film producer , alongside Wulff . At the center of the issue is a story -- first reported on by the German tabloid BILD in mid-December last year -- that Wulff received a low interest , â ‚ ¬ 500,000  $ 649,000  private loan from the wife of a wealthy friend while still governor of Lower Saxony . This was followed by intense criticism when it emerged that Wulff had attempted to prevent the paper from publishing the story . Trying to put a lid on any negative media coverage , Wulff left an angry message on the answering machine of BILD 's editor-in-chief Kai Diekmann before it reported on the loan . Although Wulff eventually apologized to Diekmann , the former president has always maintained that he did nothing wrong throughout the course of the scandals -- something he reiterated during his resignation speech . "  I have always behaved legally correctly in the offices I held , " he said . "  I have made mistakes , but I was always honest . " Merkel said Wulff 's presidency would be remembered for his efforts to promote a modern , tolerant Germany . She added : "  With his resignation , President Wulff reiterated his conviction that he always behaved legally correctly in office and in service to the people of our country . I express my utmost respect for this position . " The members of her governing coalition would now discuss who should stand for election in his place , she said , in consultation with other political parties . Merkel had been due to meet Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti in Rome to discuss the eurozone crisis but canceled the trip amid the political storm over Wulff , who belongs to her party . However , Brzeski said that Wulff 's resignation should not have any direct impact on Germany 's handling of the eurozone crisis in the short term , given his almost entirely ceremonial role . "  Even if it is the highest official office in Germany , he has no say at all in the government 's policy toward the crisis , " Brzeski said . However , in the medium term the Wulff affair could weaken Merkel 's position in domestic politics , he said , which could affect her ability to win parliamentary votes on the eurozone 's bailout fund , the EFSF , and a second bailout package for Greece . Merkel has not had involvement in any of the scandals . But Wulff 's departure comes within two years of the resignation of his predecessor , Horst Koehler , who was also backed by Merkel -- raises a question mark over her judgment , Brzeski added . Merkel 's decision to liaise with the Social Democrats and the Greens on finding a replacement for Wulff is a break from her earlier stance in 2010 , when she insisted on Wulff as successor to Koehler , who resigned following controversial comments in which he suggested military deployments were vital to Germany 's economic success . The chairman of the Social Democrats  SPD  , Sigmar Gabriel , said Wulff 's decision had been long overdue . "  Germany needs a new beginning , " he said . "  I 'm assuming that the leaders of the CDU and Federal Chancellor Merkel wo n't for the third time be selecting a new candidate with purely partisan motives . They have to include all political parties in their discussions to find a consensus candidate . " The Greens ' parliamentary leaders , Renate KÃ 1/4 nast and JÃ 1/4 rgen Trittin , said they were "  relieved that Christian Wulff has finally unburdened the country from agonizing debate with his resignation . " Wulff , who was the state premier of Lower Saxony for seven years , was one of Merkel 's biggest rivals within the Christian Democrats before being elected to the presidency in 2010 . It took three rounds of voting in the Bundestag , or German parliament , before he won enough backing from lawmakers to assume the role . German presidents are elected by the Federal Convention , comprised of parliament members . Wulff was born in Osnabruck , Lower Saxony , in June 1959 and went on to become a lawyer , according to the official website of the presidency . He first entered local politics as a member of the CDU party in 1986 and was elected to Lower Saxony 's parliament in 1994 . He was chosen as state premiere by lawmakers in his party following elections in 2003 . He was the 10th president to serve in the Federal Republic of Germany . He has been married twice and has two children of his own and a stepson . CNN 's Christopher Cottrell , Laura Smith-Spark and Kendra Wates contributed to this report .	NEW : The resignation will not affect Germany 's handling of the eurozone debt crisis - analyst Hanover prosecutors say they have "  grounds for initial suspicion of receiving bribes " Chancellor Angela Merkel says she accepts Wulff 's resignation with deep regret Recent developments have eroded public trust and confidence in him , Wulff says
CNN  -- At least 20 people were killed and six injured Wednesday in a mine explosion in northeastern Colombia near the border with Venezuela , the government-run Colombian Institute of Geology and Mining , known by the acronym Ingeominas , reported . "  At this time , personnel from Ingeominas are at the scene of the accident dealing with the emergency with a group of institute rescue workers aided by the 5th Brigade of the national army , who brought in a helicopter for possible rescue efforts and to transport the victims , " the institute said in a written statement . Earlier , a spokeswoman for the national civil defense agency said that more miners could still be in the mine , although an exact number was unknown . Hellen Garcia said that authorities believe as many as 30 could have been affected by the explosion . Garcia said five injured people were taken to two hospitals , but one of them died . Four bodies were taken out of the mine , she said . The remaining miners are 1,200 meters , or almost 4,000 feet , below ground , and the rescue operation by civil defense , Red Cross and government crews was expected to last through Thursday , Garcia said . Yamile Rangel Calderon , mayor of the municipality of Sardinata , said the mine is known as La Preciosa , or The Precious One . "  This is one of the oldest mines in the region and one that has some of the best safety and quality controls , " she said . "  They have been exporting coal for many years . " Calderon identified five of the miners who died as Manuel Aparicio , Gustavo Mendez , Gustavo Garcia , Jorge Luis Valdivieso and Nelson Velosa Fuentes . The blast happened around 7 a.m. in the district of San Roque , Alvaro Silva , a government official in Sardinata , told the government radio service . An accumulation of methane gas apparently caused the explosion , the governor of the Colombian state of North Santander told the radio service . A 2007 explosion in the same coal mine killed 31 people , Garcia said . CNN 's Rafael Romo and CNN en Español 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	NEW : A Colombian mining agency says 20 miners are dead NEW : The agency says six miners were injured The blast happened near Colombia 's border with Venezuela A build-up of methane gas may be to blame , governor says
Cairo  CNN  -- Protests outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo continued into Friday , after U.S. President Barack Obama issued what is being seen as a stern warning to Egypt that relations between the two countries will be shaped by "  how they respond to this incident . " "  I do n't think that we would consider them an ally , but we do n't consider them an enemy , " Obama told Telemundo in an interview to be aired Thursday night . "  They 're a new government that is trying to find its way . They were democratically elected . I think that we are going to have to see how they respond to this incident . " In the interview , recorded Wednesday , Obama said that if Egypt takes actions that "  indicate they 're not taking responsibilities , as all other countries do where we have embassies , I think that 's going to be a real big problem . " Meanwhile , violent protests -- sparked by outrage over an anti-Islam film made in the United States and posted online -- marked their fourth day in Cairo . The film , which denigrates the Prophet Mohammed , has sparked protests across the region . Clouds of tear gas wafted over the hulks of burned-out cars Thursday as hundreds of demonstrators battled police 300 yards from the embassy . The demonstrators threw rocks and Molotov cocktails at police and chanted , "  With our souls , with our blood , we will sacrifice for you , Prophet Mohammed . " At least 224 people were injured , according to Egyptian state television , Nile TV . Six things to know about the Benghazi attack Images from Friday morning showed throngs of people still massed in the area , with authorities stationed in front of them , under a dark sky . While there was ample activity and apparent commotion , there was no audible chanting or notable clashes evident between authorities and protesters . The protests , and Obama 's comments , come during a delicate period in the relationship between the United States and Egypt under Mohammed Morsy , the country 's first democratically elected leader since the overthrow last year of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak . They also come amid heightened tensions at U.S. diplomatic missions in the Middle East and North Africa following Tuesday 's attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , that left Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other American consular officials dead . That same day , police and Egyptian troops formed defensive lines around the embassy to prevent demonstrators who had also gathered there from advancing , but not before the protesters had scaled the embassy fence and placed a black flag atop a ladder in the American compound . Police arrested four protesters , but the failure of Egyptian authorities to take action sooner has been widely questioned . Some also questioned President Morsy 's response . He initially focused his criticism on the film as an unacceptable slap at Islam . Ambassador 's killing shines light on Muslim sensitivities around Prophet Mohammed "  The presidency condemns in the strongest terms the attempt of a group to insult the place of the Messenger , the Prophet Mohammed ... and condemns the people who have produced this radical work , " the president said in a statement posted on his Facebook page . "  The Egyptian people , both Muslims and Christians , refuse such insults on sanctities . " But after speaking with Obama in what the White House described as a review of the "  strategic partnership between the United States and Egypt , " Morsy directly criticized the attacks for the first time Thursday . "  Those who are attacking the embassies do not represent any of us , " he said in comments from Brussels , Belgium , where he was visiting the headquarters of the European Union . Obama 's comments were widely seen as a warning to Egypt , which under Mubarak was widely considered a staunch U.S. ally and remains a major recipient of American foreign aid . "  I think it was a little bit of a strange choice of words to say that Egypt is not an ally , " Atlantic Council analyst Michelle Dunne said . "  But I think that his purpose is to put President Morsy on notice that he really has to do what 's necessary to prevent the escalation of these demonstrations in Cairo to what we have seen , for example , in Libya . " On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Obama used the correct "  diplomatic and legal terms " in that the United States and Egypt do not have a formal alliance or mutual defense treaty . But , he said , Egypt remains "  a longstanding partner " of the United States , and U.S. officials have no intention of cutting aid to the country . Yemeni police , demonstrators hurt in U.S. Embassy clashes Brookings Institution analyst Shadi Hamid said it was telling that the United States seemed angrier about Morsy 's delayed response than it was when the country 's military government disbanded parliament this year . "  After getting on ` right side ' of history , security still trumps democracy , " Hamid posted on Twitter . "  That 's fine  and not surprising  but let 's not pretend otherwise , " he said . But Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said the president 's assessment was largely correct . "  They have gone from a staunch ally under Mubarak to one which is a country that 's seeking its own way , " McCain said . He said that the United States needs to have a good relationship with Egypt , but that it is understandable why many in the United States are displeased with its leaders . "  They have a pretty big army , " McCain said . "  They could have protected our embassy . " Thursday 's protests were a continuation of demonstrations that broke out Wednesday night near the embassy . Protesters tried to push through barbed wire fencing protecting the embassy and set fire to two police trucks and a car , according to Alla Mahmoud , a spokesman for the Egyptian Interior Ministry . Forces pushed back the protesters after the vehicles were set on fire . "  Forces were able to push them down toward Tahrir Square farther from the embassy street , " Mahmoud said , adding that some arrests had been made . At least 13 protesters and six police officers were injured in the earlier clashes , Egyptian government officials said Thursday . Reaction to film fuels debate on free speech vs. hate speech CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ian Lee in Cairo , and Caroline Faraj , Jomana Karadsheh , Matt Smith , Brian Walker , Elise Labott , Paul Cruickshank and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : Protests in front of U.S. Embassy in Cairo continue into Friday Obama 's "  ally " statement puts Egypt on notice to stem embassy violence , analyst says At least 224 injured in Thursday clashes in Cairo near U.S. embassy , state TV reports Embassy attackers "  do not represent any of us , " Egyptian president says
CNN  -- Venezuela on Tuesday rejected a number of recommendations made by U.N. member countries as part of a human rights evaluation by the world body . Of 148 recommendations made in the Universal Periodic Review by the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , Venezuela accepted 95 of them , and is considering 15 more . But it rejected 38 recommendations that touched on judicial independence , freedom of the press and protection of nongovernmental organizations . Venezuela 's vice minister of foreign affairs , Temir Porras Ponce de Leon , said that the country rejected these recommendations because they were not legitimate . The recommendation process "  saw people who came here to disguise as recommendations what are in fact groundless statements , " he said , labeling the rejected suggestions "  disrespectful and interfering comments . " Among the recommendations offered by other countries and rejected by Venezuela were : -- "  Respect the independence of the judiciary "  United States -- "  Ensure independent , open and transparent selection procedures based on merit for judges and prosecutors "  United Kingdom -- "  Step up its efforts to guarantee freedom of expression as well as the safety of journalists in the country "  Indonesia Porras Ponce de Leon called these "  marginal " recommendations made by "  old empires . " The Human Rights Council is a U.N. body made up of 47 countries and its goal is to address human rights in all U.N. countries . Among the council 's duties are a review of every U.N. member 's progress on the issue of human rights . The process , known as the Universal Periodic Review , happens every four years . Each country is assigned a "  troika " of countries who lead the review effort . For Venezuela , its trio was Guatemala , Burkina Faso and the Czech Republic . Another rejected recommendation of note was one asking Venezuela to comply with the rulings of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights . The court recently ruled in favor of an opponent of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Opposition politician Leopoldo Lopez had argued that he had been unjustly banned from running for office . The court agreed , and Lopez has surged as a top contender to challenge Chavez in next year 's election , but it remains to be seen if Venezuela will abide by the ruling . Venezuela also rejected a call to support the independent work of NGOs and to defend human rights activists in the country . The majority of rejected recommendations were related to accusations that have been lobbed at Venezuela , but rejected by its leaders . International groups have accused Chavez of using a friendly judiciary to silence critics and the press . But Chavez maintains that there is robust freedom of expression in his country . But , as Porras Ponce de Leon noted , Venezuela is already implementing a majority of the recommendations that it agreed with . In several cases , the recommendations it accepted sounded similar to ones it rejected . For instance , it agreed to "  support the activities of human rights defenders and independent nongovernmental organizations , " as suggested by Canada . It also agreed with Brazil to strengthen the protection of human rights workers . It also agreed to "  continue to expand its legal framework for the promotion and protection of human rights , " a recommendation by Indonesia . During an earlier appearance before the council , Venezuela argued that it had five separate branches of government and noted that women headed three of those . The Venezuelan Constitution protects freedom of expression , but those who exercise it will be responsible for that content , the country argued . Other successes of the Venezuelan government included an increase in school enrollment of 24 % between 1998 and 2010 , and a social mission that has offered 24 million Venezuelans free health care , it said . "  We must make sure this is not about double standards . We must make sure there is no manipulation of the dialogue of human rights to try to crush countries who fight for their independence , " Porras Ponce de Leon said .	The U.N. 's Human Rights Council conducted a review of Venezuela It included 148 recommendations on human rights Venezuela agreed to most , but rejected 38 recommendations Those included suggestions on freedom of expression and judicial reform
CNN  -- Today is the 11th anniversary of the opening of the prison at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , and like the past three anniversaries , it comes with President Barack Obama 's campaign promises to close it unmet . From Day 1 , the story of Guantanamo , or Gitmo as it came to be called , has been one of injustice and illegality , the violation of human rights and a stain on America 's global reputation . Locked within its walls are the stories of hundreds of men who have lost years -- and , for nine of those men , their lives . In 2013 , the story of Guantanamo is not just one of the failure to close the prison after so much time but also one of pragmatic failure of missed opportunities to take available , practical steps to reduce the prison 's population . Eighty-six of the men still languishing at Guantanamo were cleared for release in 2009 by an interagency task force created by the Obama administration . They remain there because Obama chooses , at every turn , to acquiesce to an intransigent Congress that is bent on keeping Guantanamo open for its own cynical political purposes . This is particularly tragic because several countries have plans to help former Guantanamo prisoners reintegrate into society and have asked that their citizens be returned . For those prisoners who can not go home because they face persecution or torture , there are third-party countries in Europe , the Americas and the Middle East that have volunteered to accept former Guantanamo prisoners for resettlement . Many of the 86 men cleared for release are ideal candidates for these repatriation or resettlement options . Among them is Center for Constitutional Rights client Djamel Ameziane -- cleared for transfer by Presidents George W. Bush and Obama . He is educated , speaks four languages and has lived and worked legally in Austria and Canada . Inexplicably , the U.S. has refused offers from foreign governments to resettle him or to take other similar opportunities to reduce the prison population . One of the biggest obstacles to closing Guantanamo is one the president created himself : a blanket refusal to transfer any prisoner to Yemen because of the "  unsettled situation " there . Apart from the fact that detention based on citizenship is discriminatory and illegal , concerns about returning people to unsettled countries does not explain why cleared Yemenis at Guantanamo can not be temporarily resettled in third countries . More fundamentally , birthplace is not an indicator of criminal proclivity . If they were treated rationally , as individuals , rather maligned as a group , the government would surely concede at least some men at Guantanamo could go home to Yemen and not become threats to the U.S. -- not least of all because most of these men , according to leaked U.S. documents , were never involved in hostilities of any kind , and more than half have long been deemed suitable for transfer by every relevant U.S. national security agency . This collective punishment is particularly troublesome given the stakes . In September 2012 , Adnan Latif , who was cleared for release , died in his cell . According to conversations with dozens of other Guantanamo attorneys , there are many other detainees at the prison who are gravely ill . How many more will live out their remaining days behinds bars merely because Obama has deemed Yemen an unsuitable place ? The Center for Constitutional Rights represents several clients who we hope will be spared such a fate . Tariq Ba Odah has maintained a hunger strike to protest his unjust detention since 2007 and is force-fed by the military through his nose . Mohammed Al-Hamiri and Ghaleb Al-Bihani are suffering the inevitable psychological and physical effects of more than a decade of indefinite detention . None of these three men has ever been charged . Finally , Obama has made no effort toward solving the central , inherent Guantanamo problem : indefinite detention . In addition to the dozens of men subject to de facto indefinite detention , 46 are officially slated to that fate . Two of the initial 48 have died . According to the president , the U.S. can neither charge and try the 46 men , nor can they be released . Such a category violates the most fundamental principles of due process , summarily depriving people of their freedom by way of executive fiat . Obama has created this category without any plan for how to move men out of it . We are simply warehousing them . Do we plan to operate a prison at Guantanamo for the next several decades , holding these men as they age and die , outlasting the logistical problem even as we ignore -- and worsen -- the moral and constitutional one ? What the president lacks is not the political power to act , but the political will . Interim steps are critical to closing the prison . Indeed , without them , it is hard to see how his promise to close it can ever be achieved -- and even more difficult to believe that Obama is truly committed to a world without Guantanamo . As Obama stands again to take the presidential oath to protect and defend the Constitution , looming behind him will be his institutionalized policy of indefinite detention without charge or trial -- a policy that has no place in a democratic society . Unless and until he uses the political power of his office to end this shameful chapter in American history , the story of Guantanamo will be one with no end in sight . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Vince Warren .	Vince Warren : Another Gitmo anniversary , the 11th , comes with vows to close it unmet Warren : Hundreds of locked up men have lost years of their lives ; nine have died 86 were cleared for release in 2009 but languish there as Obama does nothing , he says Warren : 48 are under unjust , illegal policy of indefinite detention without charge or trial
CNN  Where Katy Perry needed a big cat , the New England Patriots were carried to a stunning comeback by the resilience of Tom Brady . The 37-year-old , sacked and twice intercepted , refused to give in as the Patriots -- at one point down by 10 -- fought their way to a 28-24 victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Glendale , Arizona . They were helped by one of the less likely calls in football history , as Seattle threw a second consecutive Super Bowl title into the hands of Malcolm Butler . Patriots rookie Butler made a game-saving interception when the Seahawks , with the ball on the one-yard line and seconds to play , mysteriously chose to pass after an improbable , juggling miracle-catch by Jermaine Kearse . That moment gave Brady and coach Bill Belichick a fourth Super Bowl victory , a feat matched by only two other quarterbacks : Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw . "  I just had a vision that I was going to make a big play and it came true , " said Butler , 24 . MVP Brady said : "  This has been a long journey . I 've been at it for 15 years . This one came down to the end and this time , we made the plays . "  Our defense , what can you say about them ? Malcolm , what a play . For a rookie to make a play like that and win us the Super Bowl is unbelievable . " Ahead of the game , Belichick had been booed inside Glendale 's University of Phoenix Stadium -- the retractable roof , unusually , left open -- as Idina Menzel , the voice of Frozen 's Elsa , sang the pre-game national anthem . Belichick and Brady have denied any wrongdoing regarding the lengthy and unresolved ` deflategate ' saga , which concerns underinflated footballs in the AFC Championship game against Indianapolis . However , Brady was evasive on the subject in a pre-game interview aired on Sunday , and the jeers as Belichick appeared on the big screen made the feelings of many clear . With that controversy sidelined for the night , the 49th Super Bowl 's momentum changed as rapidly as Perry 's halftime hits and outfits . The Patriots had largely outplayed Seattle before the interval , Brady wearing down the Seahawks defense drive by drive . Brady , in his sixth Super Bowl , found Brandon LaFell for the opening touchdown . In the process , the Patriots left Seattle 's famed ` Legion of Boom ' verging on bust . Seattle cornerback Jeremy Lane had already departed the field with an ugly arm injury -- the price he paid for a successful interception -- and , with team-mates Kam Chancellor , Earl Thomas and Richard Sherman all carrying injuries , substitute Tharold Simon became the latest Seahawk on the wrong end of a collision as he failed to stop LaFell . Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson , essentially anonymous to this point , struck back with the night 's first phenomenal pass to 25-year-old rookie and former shoe salesman Chris Matthews . That allowed the NFL 's quiet man -- Marshawn Lynch -- to drive over the line and score . Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski mowed down KJ Wright to restore New England 's advantage , but that only served to cue up one of the gutsier plays in Super Bowl history . With seconds remaining in the half , the Seahawks abandoned the safe option of a field goal . Instead , Wilson wasted just 1.79 seconds in delivering a bullet pass down the throat of a jubilant Matthews in the end zone . Cue Katy Perry , who brought an almost overwhelming array of lights , pyrotechnics and songs to a halftime show she dedicated to her younger self . Arriving on a giant , mechanical lion before graduating to a shimmy with sharks , Perry opened with Roar before cramming in split-second blasts of Dark Horse , I Kissed a Girl , Teenage Dream and -- lastly -- Firework , during which she ascended aboard a shooting star . Guest star Missy Elliott emerged to an energetic Get Ur Freak On , relegating the show 's other name , Lenny Kravitz , to the background . When play restarted , Seattle were at the fore . Having barely seen the ball , that last-gasp score sent the Seahawks into the second half in possession and in control . The reigning champions immediately moved up by three , Matthews again wrapping up a 45-yard pass play to set up a Seahawks field goal . After Brady threw his second interception of the night , Seattle wide receiver Doug Baldwin expertly lost New England 's Darrelle Revis by running him into an official -- leaving Baldwin all alone in the end zone , and the NFC champions ahead by 10 . Brady had been nowhere near perfect but demonstrated his determination as he shrugged off a poor throw , missing Julian Edelman , to find Danny Amendola and get the Patriots rolling again . Watched by the likes of Paul McCartney , Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg , the intensity of New England 's offense ground down the depleted Legion as the final minutes ticked away . With two minutes remaining , Brady once again tried to find Edelman in the end zone . This time he was successful , and the Patriots had overcome a 10-point deficit . Seattle , however , should have had the last laugh . Having been granted a near-unbelievable slice of good fortune as the falling Kearse used both knees and a hand to somehow hold on to a pass , the Seahawks made what some observers labelled one of the worst calls in football history . On the brink of back-to-back Super Bowl victories , Seattle elected to throw the ball , shunning Lynch and gifting Butler the interception . Following that staggering climax , the game 's dying moments descended into a mass brawl which led to the ejection of the Seahawks ' Bruce Irvin . By that point , the fight simply delayed an inevitable New England victory . "  I ca n't even tell you , I ca n't even feel it , " said Seahawks coach Pete Carroll of the decision to throw the ball . "  For it to come down to a play like that , I hate that we have to live with that . " New England 's Edelman said : "  We made more plays , we executed when we had to , we have a mentally tough team that works their tails off . "  We are the epitome of what Boston is all about . "	Malcolm Butler makes vital interception after Brady and Patriots recover 10-point deficit Seahawks go ahead with gutsy plays but end game with ` one of worst calls in football history ' Katy Perry 's halftime show roars with mechanical big cat , dancing sharks and Missy Elliott
No criminal charges are being filed after an investigation into sexual abuse allegations made against former Amateur Athletic Union executive Robert "  Bobby " Dodd , police in Memphis , Tennessee , said Tuesday . Ralph West -- a man who publicly accused Dodd of repeated sexual abuse in the 1980s when he was a teenager and Dodd was a Memphis-based YMCA coach -- has told investigators he does not plan to file a criminal offense report against Dodd , said police Sgt. Karen Rudolph . No one else has stepped forward to file a complaint since the allegations broke , and as a result , Rudolph said , police will "  not move forward " with the case . "  If someone does file a complaint , we will investigate it , " she said . "  It is unknown " why West decided not to file a report against Dodd , Rudolph said . West and another former sports player who chose to remain anonymous were featured on ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines " program in December , detailing some of the abuse allegations . AAU officials said that in November , before the ESPN report aired , they had received anonymous phone calls and e-mail messages accusing Dodd of inappropriate behavior . The AAU hired a private investigator and launched its own internal investigation to scrutinize the anonymous tips . Dodd , 63 , the AAU 's longtime president and CEO , was dismissed on November 14 , a week after allegations first began arriving . After a monthlong probe , the AAU went to police , the organization 's interim president told CNN . "  We formed our own internal investigative process , and then once we found out who the accusers were , we immediately went to the police department , " said Louis Stout . "  We did n't sit on this . No one has acted improperly within the Amateur Athletic Union regarding these accusations . " Steve Farese , Dodd 's lawyer , told CNN Tuesday that he is not surprised that no charges are being filed . "  The world has changed and it 's not for the better , " he said , "  because now , unsubstantiated claims can be spread through the media and the Internet and destroy a 30-year body of good work . It 's unfortunate ESPN decided to use a man 's life to sell ads . " West and the player who remained anonymous had told ESPN the sexual abuse firestorm surrounding Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky prompted them to come forward . The YMCA said Dodd left in 1992 "  to pursue AAU sports full-time , " including founding an organization called the YOMCA , which stands for Youth of Memphis Competitive Association and is unrelated to the YMCA . Dodd is now recovering from colon cancer surgery at his home in Florida , Farese said .	Robert Dodd had been accused of sexual abuse in the 1980s Ralph West , one of two who made the allegations , has opted not to file a report , police say Police Sgt. Karen Rudolph : "  If someone does file a complaint , we will investigate it "
CNN  Distraction caused by taking selfies is likely to blame for a plane crash that killed a pilot and his passenger in Colorado in May , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . Investigators found an undamaged GoPro video camera near the wreckage and recovered its data card . Video from the card showed the 29-year-old pilot with several passengers on flights the previous day , and one nighttime flight shortly before the fatal trip , taking photos of himself with his cell phone , according to investigators . "  The camera 's flash was activated and illuminated the cockpit area , " the report said . The fatal flight , on May 31 , was not captured on the GoPro footage but investigators said that the pilot , who is not identified in the report , was at the controls of the plane when it stalled and crashed in a wheat field , bounced once and came to rest upright . It 's likely that the use of cell phones during that flight "  distracted the pilot , " the report said , causing him to develop spatial disorientation and lose control of the plane . The aircraft went into a stall and then spun before crashing , investigators said . Investigators found nothing wrong with the aircraft itself that might have contributed to the crash , the NTSB said . The 29-year-old pilot had a total of 726 total fight hours and 27 hours of experience flying at night . His logbooks did not show that he had training in instruments to deal with a stall or that he was qualified to fly at night with passengers , the NTSB said . Family members said that Amritpal Singh was flying the plane , the Denver Post reported . It was registered to him . Singh 's relatives told the newspaper that the passenger was a musician in town for a concert .	Investigators found GoPro camera near crash site Files taken from the camera showed selfies taken in air
Melbourne , Australia  CNN  -- Even a new , high-profile coach could n't help Roger Federer figure out Rafael Nadal . Federer had n't beaten Nadal in seven years in a grand slam -- and on a chilly night in Melbourne the world No. 1 kept the streak alive , improving his record over the Swiss to 23-10 overall as he advanced to the Australian Open final . The Spaniard pulled out a tight first set and then cruised to a 7-6  7-4  6-3 6-3 victory Friday to set up an encounter with Federer 's compatriot , Stanislas Wawrinka . "  I played a lot of times against Roger , and a lot of times I played great against him , " Nadal told reporters . "  So probably that 's why I had this success against him . " If Nadal wins Sunday he would rise to 14 majors and tie American Pete Sampras -- in attendance at Rod Laver Arena during a rare foray to a grand slam in retirement -- for second on the men 's all-time list behind Federer . The odds are heavily stacked in his favor given he is even more dominant against debutant grand slam finalist Wawrinka , not losing a set in their 12 encounters . Wawrinka progressed Thursday by downing Czech Tomas Berdych . Federer sought the services of Stefan Edberg in an effort to regain his old form and the 32-year-old , troubled by his back in 2013 , duly produced big wins over former Australian Open finalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Wimbledon champion Andy Murray this fortnight . But Nadal 's transition from defense to offense thwarted Federer , as he continued to enjoy success employing his heavily spun forehand to the Federer backhand and he served impeccably . Nadal , who won the French and U.S. Opens last year in a successful return from knee problems , was broken only once -- in the middle of the third set . Blog : Honor in defeat for Federer "  Playing Murray or Rafa is day and night , " Federer told reporters . "  It 's just every point is played in a completely different fashion and I have to totally change my game . " Edberg was a serve-and-volleyer who triumphed at Wimbledon twice , and Federer was n't afraid to approach the net . However , he has used the tactic in the past against Nadal and on Friday won only 55 % of net points . Indeed Nadal did n't think Federer tried much new -- saying he perused YouTube and watched some of their 2012 Melbourne semifinal , which he also won before losing the title match to Novak Djokovic . "  I think he tried to play very aggressive , taking the ball very early , " said Nadal . "  But if you go to YouTube and you see the video of the 2012 match , you will see that he was playing very , very aggressive , too , especially the beginning of the match . "  So nothing is completely new . " Nadal 's passing shots left the crowd gasping , especially a forehand down the line in the final game . "  Coming into the match I thought we would have a chance today but the way the match came about , Rafa played very , very well and Roger did n't have that many chances , " Edberg told a small group of reporters . "  Playing against Rafa at this level is very hard , " he added . "  It was n't enough today , but I think he 's made a lot of progress over the last three months . "  It 's looking good for the rest of the year . He still has a way to go before he is back to the level where he can be . " Edberg said the match might have turned out differently had Federer broken early in the first set . He likely was referring to the fourth game , when Nadal escaped a 0-30 hole . Nadal raced to a 5-1 lead in the tiebreak , closed out the set and broke on his eighth chance of the match to take a 4-2 stranglehold in the second . By that time Nadal took a medical timeout for a lingering blister on his left palm and Federer complained to the chair umpire -- not for the first time in his career -- about the left-hander 's grunting . Despite the loss , Edberg remained upbeat about Federer 's chances of achieving an 18th major . "  Roger had a tough year last year , " said Edberg . "  At least now he feels healthy , which is No. 1 . No. 2 he needs to put in a lot of work , which he is doing . "  He just needs to gain a bit more momentum , a bit more confidence . That will come with time . I think in a few months you should see him even better than what we 've seen this week . " Nadal , who won the tournament in 2009 but was absent last year , is doing fine at the moment .	Rafael Nadal beats Roger Federer in straight sets to reach Australian Open final World No. 1 will play Federer 's fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka in Sunday 's decider Top seed Nadal has won each of his past five matches against Federer Nadal improves his record against 17-time grand slam champion to 23-10
CNN  -- Militants in Iraq have taken hold of nuclear materials at university science facilities near the northern city of Mosul , the Iraqi government has said in a letter to the United Nations . But two U.S. officials told CNN on Wednesday that the small amounts of uranium are n't enriched or weapons-grade , prompting only minimal concern . The letter from Iraq 's U.N. ambassador about the uranium compounds asks for help "  to stave off the threat of their use by terrorists in Iraq or abroad " as the country struggles with a deadly insurgency . In the letter , obtained Wednesday by CNN , Iraqi Ambassador Mohamed Ali Alhakim said that "  terrorist groups have seized control " of nearly 40 kilograms  90 pounds  of uranium compounds at science departments at the University of Mosul after the sites "  came out of control of the state . " The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , an al Qaeda splinter group , has led Sunni insurgents who have taken over large areas of northern and western Iraq in an offensive that began last month . The terrorist group has also made major gains in Syria in its quest to establish an Islamic state spanning both countries . In his letter , dated Tuesday , Alhakim said the nuclear materials were used in "  very limited quantities " for scientific study and research . But he warned that despite the small amounts , the materials could be used by terrorists in Iraq or smuggled out of the country . "  Such materials can be used in manufacturing weapons of mass destruction , " Alhakim wrote in the letter , which was first reported by Reuters . Iraq witnessed another violent day Wednesday as the country 's security and political crises deepened . More than 50 unidentified bodies were found in the predominantly Shiite town of Alexandria on Wednesday , Iraqi security officials said . The bodies of two children were among the dozens found in different parts of the town . Details about the circumstances of the deaths were not immediately available , and officials did not say when the people may have been killed . Not far from Alexandria , at least five people were killed and 17 wounded by three car bombs that exploded in front of a courthouse in the town of Hilla , security and medical officials said . Hilla is about 92 kilometers  57 miles  south of Baghdad and is the first sizable town south of the capital . CNN 's Richard Roth , Elise Labott , Hamdi Alkhshali and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Iraq : Terrorist groups have control of about 40 kilos of uranium compounds U.S. officials say concern is minimal as the materials are n't enriched or weapons-grade The compounds were used by university departments in Mosul for study and research Iraqi ambassador asks U.N. for help "  to stave off the threat of their use "
London  CNN  -- British prosecutors have charged a former aide to British Prime Minister David Cameron and a close confidant of media baron Rupert Murdoch with illegal eavesdropping on voice mail , authorities said Tuesday . Cameron 's former director of communications Andy Coulson is among eight journalists facing charges , as is Rebekah Brooks , the former chief executive of Murdoch 's News International . The names of the suspected hacking victims announced include some of the world 's biggest celebrities , including Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt , Paul McCartney , soccer star Wayne Rooney and actor Jude Law . Read more : Full CPS statement The phone-hacking accusations have reverberated through the top levels of British politics and journalism , led to the closing of a major tabloid and prompted a parliamentary committee to issue damning criticism of Murdoch . The charging announcement delivers one more public relations blow to Murdoch , who last week stepped down from a string of company boards of directors and further distanced himself from the print business that first brought him fame and fortune . Coulson and Brooks are former editors of the defunct Murdoch tabloid the News of the World , which was shut down last year in the face of public outrage at the hacking scandal . That preceded News Corp. 's decision to withdraw a multi-billion-dollar bid to take over British Sky Broadcasting . Likewise , Tuesday 's developments add further potential embarrassment for Cameron , who hired Coulson to run his communications team in May 2010 . Coulson quit the post in Cameron 's office last year when police opened a new investigation into phone hacking . It 's the first time anyone has been charged with phone hacking in the 18-month investigation . Brooks , who was charged with conspiracy to intercept voice mails of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler , vigorously denied the charges , saying she was "  distressed and angry . " "  The charge concerning Milly Dowler is particularly upsetting , not only as it is untrue , but also because I have spent my journalistic career campaigning for victims of crime , " she said in a statement released by her lawyers . Coulson said he "  would n't and , more importantly , that I did n't , do anything to damage the Milly Dowler investigation . " He said his tabloid "  worked on behalf of the victims of crime , particularly violent crime , and the idea that I would then sit in my office dreaming up schemes to undermine investigations is simply untrue . " He said he was disappointed by the charges and would fight them in court . Another of the suspects named Tuesday appeared to point the finger at others . "  I have always operated under the strict guidance and advice of News International 's lawyers and under the instructions of the newspaper 's editors which will be abundantly clear when this matter comes to court , " one-time News of the World chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck said on his blog . Cameron 's office and News International declined to comment , as did McCartney and a number of other celebrities named as potential victims . British law places tight restrictions on what can be reported about people facing criminal charges . Former British Home Secretary David Blunkett was one of several suspected phone-hacking victims who cited fear of interfering with the prosecution when declining to comment on the charges . Five other journalists were charged , the Crown Prosecution Service announced , while three will not be prosecuted . The CPS said it is still waiting to decide about two other cases . The journalists facing charges include former top News of the World staff , including Thurlbeck , former managing editor Stuart Kuttner and editor Ian Edmondson . Private investigator Glenn Mulcaire , who is suspected of carrying out the hacking , is also among the eight . They are next due to appear in a magistrates court on August 16 , the Crown Prosecution Service said . Prosecutors allege there were more than 600 victims of phone hacking between 2000 and 2006 . Read more : Familiar abuse of power as press fights regulation Coulson resigned as editor after an earlier round of the phone-hacking scandal involving the paper 's royal correspondent Clive Goodman and private investigator Mulcaire . They were sent to prison for hacking into the voice mails of staffers working for Prince William and Prince Harry . Coulson said he knew nothing about the hacking but resigned because he was editor of the paper at the time . Brooks went on to become chief executive of News International after her time at News of the World and is seen as personally close to Murdoch . She quit News International , the British newspaper publishing arm of News Corp. , amid the scandal last summer . Murdoch recently resigned from a number of positions within News Corp. , his global media empire , as the company began moves to separate its entertainment and publishing arms following the scandal . News Corp. shares trade in New York , where markets were closed when the CPS made its announcement . British police have been investigating phone hacking by people working for Murdoch since January 2011 and have arrested dozens on suspicion of phone hacking , computer hacking and corruption . Read more : Timeline of UK phone hacking scandal The scandal exploded with the revelation that one of the hacking victims was Milly Dowler , a 13-year-old British girl whose phone was hacked after she disappeared in 2002 . She was later found murdered . The Met Police continues to investigate claims of phone hacking in their investigation , known as Operation Weeting . A parallel police operation is investigating claims of inappropriate payments to police and public officials . Cameron established a separate independent judge-led inquiry into media ethics , the Leveson Inquiry , after the news of the hacking of Dowler 's voice messages . Cameron and other senior current and former government figures have been called to testify before the inquiry , as have Murdoch and Brooks . Dowler 's parents told the inquiry in November how phone hacking on behalf of News of the World had given them false hope their missing daughter was still alive . In fact , the messages had been accessed by a private investigator working for News of the World , Dowler 's father , Bob , told the inquiry panel . The young girl had already been murdered . Blog : Murdoch 's UK legal woes coming to the U.S. ? CNN 's Dan Rivers , Jonathan Wald and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Andy Coulson says he 's disappointed and vows to fight the charges in court Murdoch confidant Rebekah Brooks says she is distressed and angry about being charged News of the World ex-reporter Neville Thurlbeck says he followed editors ' instructions Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt and Paul McCartney are among alleged celebrity victims
CNN  -- Because he says his wife is no longer speaking to him , multimillionaire Charles Saatchi informed celebrity chef Nigella Lawson in a statement to the Daily Mail that he has begun divorce proceedings . Tension between the pair hit the tabloids after Saatchi was photographed with his hand around her neck in mid-June . Lawson and her children moved out of their family home and she has n't spoken to him since . "  I feel that I have clearly been a disappointment to Nigella during the last year or so , and I am disappointed that she was advised to make no public comment to explain that I abhor violence of any kind against women , and have never abused her physically in any way , " Saatchi wrote in the statement . There was no immediate response from Lawson or her representatives to the announcement . The couple have been married for 10 years . Press , anti-violence groups scrutinize throat grab on Lawson Lawson , known as the "  queen of food porn , " has written numerous successful cookbooks and hosted several TV shows in Britain and the United States . Saatchi , an art dealer and former media mogul , denied that he attacked Lawson but told a London newspaper that he voluntarily went to the police to accept a police warning . Victim support groups used the incident to highlight the enduring problem of domestic violence , though Saatchi said it was a playful grab . "  There was no grip , it was a playful tiff . The pictures are horrific but give a far more drastic and violent impression of what took place . Nigella 's tears were because we both hate arguing , not because she had been hurt , " he added . "  We had made up by the time we were home . The paparazzi were congregated outside our house after the story broke yesterday morning , so I told Nigella to take the kids off till the dust settled . " Opinion : The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse	Husband announces divorce from celebrity chef via press release Saatchi says Lawson is n't speaking to him Photographs of Saatchi with his hands around her neck drew concern mid-June Lawson and her children moved out of their family home and has n't spoken to him since
"  The Atlantic is America 's leading destination for brave thinking and bold ideas that matter . The Atlantic engages its print , online , and live audiences with breakthrough insights into the worlds of politics , business , the arts , and culture . With exceptional talent deployed against the world 's most important and intriguing topics , The Atlantic is the source of opinion , commentary , and analysis for America 's most influential individuals who wish to be challenged , informed , and entertained . " -- The Atlantic 2013 media kit for advertisers On Monday , The Atlantic published -- and then pulled -- a story titled "  David Miscavige Leads Scientology to Milestone Year . " This "  story " went on to feature the growth of Scientology in 2012 . Any regular reader of The Atlantic 's content would immediately do a double-take upon seeing that kind of headline , much less the heavy-handed text below it , shamelessly plugging how well Scientology 's "  ecclesiastical leader " Miscavige has done in "  leading a renaissance for the religion . " This "  story " is one of several "  advertorials "  a portmanteau of "  advertising " and "  editorials "  that The Atlantic has published online , clearly designated as "  Sponsor Content . " In other words , "  stories " like these are n't real stories . They are ads with a lot of words , which advertisers have paid publications to run on their behalf for decades . You may have seen them in magazines and newspapers as "  special advertising sections . " The hope is that because you are already reading the publication , hey , maybe you 'll read what the advertiser has to say , too -- instead of the "  traditional " ad that they may have otherwise placed on the page that you probably wo n't remember , or worse , will ignore . There 's nothing wrong with this tactic , ethically , when clearly labeled as "  sponsored " or "  advertising . " But many took umbrage with The Atlantic in this particular case ; so many , that The Atlantic responded by pulling the story from its site -- which was the right thing to do -- and by apologizing . At face value , The Atlantic did the right thing for its business model , which depends upon advertising sales . It sold what they call a "  native " ad to a paying advertiser , clearly labeled it as such , without the intention of misleading readers into thinking this was a piece of journalism . But it still failed on several levels . The Atlantic defines its readers as "  America 's most influential individuals who wish to be challenged , informed , and entertained . " By that very definition , it is selling "  advertorials " to people who are the least likely to take them seriously , especially when heavy-handed . There is a fine line between advertorial and outright advertising copywriting , and this piece crossed it . The Church of Scientology is just as much at fault for thinking this piece would survive The Atlantic readers ' intellectual scrutiny . But this is n't even the real issue . Bad advertising is all around us . And readers ' intellectual scrutiny would surely have let the advertorial piece slide without complaints  though snark would be inevitable  , as they have in the past , or yes , even possibly ignored it . But here 's where The Atlantic crossed another line -- it seemed clear it was moderating the comments beneath the advertorial . As The Washington Post reported , The Atlantic marketing team was carefully pruning the comments , ensuring that they were predominantly positive , even though many readers were leaving negative comments . So while The Atlantic was publishing clearly labeled advertiser-written content , it was also un-publishing content created by its readers -- the very folks it exists to serve . It 's understandable that The Atlantic would inevitably touch a third rail with any "  new " ad format . But what it calls "  native advertising " is actually "  advertorial . " It 's not new at all . Touching the third rail in this case is unacceptable . So what should The Atlantic have done in this situation before it became a situation ? For starters , it should have worked more closely with the Church of Scientology to help create a piece of content that was n't so clearly written as an ad . If the Church of Scientology was not willing to compromise its advertising to be better content , then The Atlantic should not have accepted the advertising . But this is a quality-control issue . The real failure here was that comments should never have been enabled beneath this sponsored content unless the advertiser was prepared to let them be there , regardless of sentiment . It 's not like Scientology has avoided controversy in the past . The sheer , obvious reason for this advertorial in the first place was to dispel beliefs that Scientology was n't a recognized religion  hence "  ecclesiastical "  . Whether The Atlantic felt it was acting in its advertiser 's best interest , or the advertiser specifically asked for this to happen , letting it happen at all was a huge mistake , and a betrayal of an implicit contract that should exist between a publication of The Atlantic 's stature and its readership . No matter how laughably "  sales-y " a piece of sponsored content might be , the censoring of readership should be the true "  third rail , " never to be touched . Going forward , The Atlantic  and any other publication that chooses to run sponsored content  should adopt and clearly communicate an explicit ethics statement regarding advertorials and their corresponding comments . This statement should guide the decisions it makes when working with advertisers , and serve as a filter for the sponsored content it chooses to publish , and what it recommends advertisers submit . It should also prevent readers from being silenced if given a platform at all . As an advertising professional , I sincerely hope this does n't spook The Atlantic or any other publication from experimenting with ways to make money . But as a reader , I hope it leads to better ads that reward me for paying attention , rather than muzzle my voice should I choose to interact with the content . After all , what more could a publication or advertiser ask for than for content to be so interesting that someone actually would want to comment on  or better , share  it ? Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said native advertising accounts for 59 % of the Atlantic 's ad revenue . Digital advertising , of which native advertising is a part , accounts for 59 % of The Atlantic 's overall revenue , according to the company .	The Atlantic published and pulled a sponsored Scientology "  story " Ian Schafer : On several levels , the ad was a mistake He says the content was heavy-handed and comments were being moderated Schafer : Experimenting to raise revenue makes sense , but standards should be clear
CNN  -- Desperately overcrowded , unsanitary , seething with tension and violence . Hours after a fatal fire swept through a prison in the central Honduran city of Comayagua , killing more than 300 people , an ugly picture is emerging of the harsh state of prisons in the country . And while the cause of the fire in Comayagua is not yet clear , observers say the conditions in which its inmates live are likely to have contributed to the high death toll . Ron W. Nikkel , president of Prison Fellowship International , an international nongovernmental organization , says Comayagua is the worst prison he 's visited in the country . "  It 's horrifically overcrowded . The bunks are sometimes five , six , seven tiers high , with the lowest person on the totem pole sleeping underneath the bunk on the bottom , " he told CNN from Washington . "  I 've seldom been anywhere where I 've seen such overcrowding . There have been a number of fires over the years and it 's surprising it has n't been worse or happened sooner than this . "  You would n't have congestion like that in a dog pound , it 's so bad -- and very little ventilation , so I can imagine a lot of the guys died from smoke inhalation . " The conditions in the packed , airless dormitories are oppressive , depressing and inhuman , he said . "  You wonder how the human person can adapt to living in those conditions , but they do . " The fact that the fire broke out overnight means most of the prison 's 850 inmates would have been asleep as the flames took hold . And once the alarm was raised , the authorities ' response is likely to have been hampered by short staffing and poor staff training , said professor Andrew Coyle of the International Center for Prison Studies at the University of Essex in the United Kingdom . Many prisons across Central America are run-down , with crumbling infrastructure and poor maintenance , Coyle told CNN . An inevitable consequence is lax adherence to health and safety guidelines and fire prevention , making the chances of a devastating fire that much higher , he said . Nationwide , Honduras -- a country of about 8 million -- has capacity for about 8,000 prisoners but had nearly 12,000 incarcerated as of 2010 , equating to 40 % overcrowding , Coyle said . The U.S. State Department raised concerns in a report last year , citing human rights groups as saying prisoners "  suffered from severe overcrowding , malnutrition , and lack of adequate sanitation , " and highlighting issues of violence and abuse . The Comayagua blaze was the third fatal prison fire in recent years . In 2003 , 61 prisoners were killed in a fire at a prison in La Ceiba . In 2004 , the death toll was 107 from a fire in a San Pedro Sula prison . The country 's prison commissioner said authorities are looking into whether a short circuit sparked the latest fire or if a prisoner perhaps set a mattress on fire . But questions are bound to be asked about the effectiveness of the authorities ' response . Human rights group Amnesty International called for a full and impartial investigation into what happened at Comayagua on Wednesday . "  The government must also take urgent steps to ensure that crucial lessons are learned and prison conditions are improved , so that such a tragedy does not occur again , " said Esther Major , Central America Researcher at Amnesty . Another rights group , Human Rights Watch , pointed the finger at overcrowding and criticized the Honduran authorities for failing to address the conditions in which suspects and convicts are held . "  Endemic violence , the very poor infrastructure , poor staffing , badly trained staff -- all of these factors combined means that when something goes wrong , there 's a grave danger of loss of life and inability of the authorities to cope , " Coyle said . Gang membership is also an issue in the region 's prisons , said Coyle . Prisoners who do n't already belong to a gang , or mara , when they enter jail soon sign up as a matter of survival . Nikkel says that from what he 's seen , a majority of the inmates at Comayagua are young men aged 18 to 25 and many are affiliated with gangs . About half are being held pre-trial , so they have not yet had their cases heard in court , let alone been sentenced . Some may spend years waiting , a sign of the country 's painfully slow judicial process , Nikkel said . That adds to the sense of injustice and pent-up frustration in prison . While he said he has n't seen violence between inmates or on the part of prison staff during his visits , Nikkel said it is widely reported . "  You can certainly see the tension when you go in with regards to the stand-off between various gangs controlling certain areas , " he said . "  But Honduras has been notorious for the violence of the system against inmates , and part of that is due to the inadequate training of prison officers but also because they are subjected to the same overcrowding , which in these conditions is very difficult at the best of times . " Comayagua 's prison director was shot last year by gang members unhappy with the restrictions placed on their compatriots inside the prison , Nikkel said . Sanitation in that prison is woefully inadequate , he added , with "  awful " washing and toilet facilities . Drugs are as easily available inside prison as on the streets , Nikkel added . Corruption is also a big problem , with those who have powerful gang connections on the outside able to call the shots . "  I 've seen guards providing women for prostitution to inmates in an organized way , very open , so the whole thing is seething with endemic corruption that feeds the violence , " Nikkel said . A similar situation exists in other Central American countries , he said . "  With the gangs being able to pay more to the guards than the guards are getting in salaries , the power is where the money is . " While there has been much talk of taking on the corruption in the prison sector , Nikkel said , the chances of it are slim while other parts of civil society are also riddled with corruption . Staff and volunteers with Prison Fellowship International are working to provide education and practical projects , such as growing food , to combat the chronic lack of anything for inmates to do , Nikkel said , and to give them some hope . The organization also runs a program that sends medical teams into the country 's prisons to treat such ailments as skin and dental problems , eye infections , and malnutrition , he said . Coyle says there is recognition across most of the region that the current prison conditions are unacceptable , in terms of violence and poor infrastructure , but many obstacles lie in the way of reform . "  You can not reform a prison system in isolation from the rest of civil society -- and where civil society is violent and dangerous and destructive , it 's no great surprise that it extends into the rest of the prison . "	NEW : Rights group Amnesty International calls for urgent action to prevent future prison deaths Inmates in Comayagua prison slept in bunks up to seven tiers high , a visitor to the prison says "  I 've seldom been anywhere where I 've seen such overcrowding , " he says Honduran prisons suffer from poor infrastructure , staff shortages and violence , a professor says
CNN  -- Facebook has been quiet for the past six months , but only because it 's been working on new products . No , one of them is not a Facebook Phone . "  The phone just does n't make any sense , " said a smiling but adamant Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg when asked whether he was working on the mythical Facebook smartphone . The rumor that the social network is working on a physical phone has been bouncing around for years . As recently as July , Bloomberg reported Facebook was working with HTC on a smartphone for 2013 , citing sources with knowledge of the matter . Zuckerberg insisted that the number of users the company could reach with a hardware offering "  does n't move the needle for us . " Zuckerberg made the comments during a rare press appearance on Tuesday at the TechCruch Disrupt conference in San Francisco . He was interviewed on stage by Silicon Valley blogger and investor Michael Arrington in front of a fully packed auditorium . The Facebook founder and chief executive has stayed out of the spotlight for the past four months since his company went public . In that time , Facebook 's stock has plummeted from its opening day price of $ 38 a share to around half that . It closed at $ 19.43 on Tuesday . Analyze your Facebook data with new Wolfram Alpha tool "  The performance of the stock has obviously been disappointing , " said Zuckerberg . Throughout the 30-minute talk , Zuckerberg , wearing a brown T-shirt with the three small Facebook icons for notifications on it , remained calm and upbeat , rambling energetically a bit a times . He was optimistic because his company was focused on building value over a long period of time , he said . Many factors have been blamed for the stock 's dismal performance , including Facebook choosing the wrong market , waiting too long to go public , overpricing shares and issuing too many shares . Analysts and investors have been waiting to hear from the young chief executive himself , looking for new products or at least more information on what , exactly , the company 's plan is for the next year . This event gave Zuckerberg an opportunity to brush off the company 's recent troubles and drop vague hints about future products . "  Over the coming weeks and months I think we can expect to see the cool stuff that people have been working on , " he said . The recent dearth of new releases and silence from the company was apparently due to some internal restructuring in which the company moved people around to focus on product groups . One of first results of all that reshuffling was the rebuilt iPhone app , which is faster version of the last app , but lacking any major new features . "  It was not where we wanted it to be before , " he said of the app . "  And to be honest , even what we have now is not as good as it can be . " Other teams have been working "  in parallel " on new features for the native app , he said . While Zuckerberg did n't specify what those unreleased features were , he did touch on a few areas he 's excited about , including search , a field dominated by Google and Bing . "  We do on the order of a billion queries a day already , and we 're basically not even trying , " said Zuckerberg . He claims people do search though Facebook , and not just for other people but for brands and other information . He sees a future where people can ask questions that only Facebook has the data to answer , such as what restaurants in a specific city are recommended by your friends . "  That 's one kind of obvious thing that would be interesting for us to do in the future , " he said . Facebook will continue to let Instagram be Instagram , helping it gain users without trying to integrate the photo app into the larger Facebook infrastructure . Facebook recently purchased the company for $ 1 billion . But the topic Zuckerberg hammered on the most was mobile . One of the biggest concerns investors have had is Facebook 's ability to make money off of mobile users . The company makes money on the desktop version of its site by serving simple square ads on the right hand side of the site . When the company went public in May , there were no ads on the mobile version of its site or on the iPhone , iPad and Android apps . But Zuckerberg insisted the company is doing very well on mobile now . There are mobile ads , more mobile users and early signs point to those phone owners spending more time on the app and engaging more with ads than people who visit the desktop version of the site . In what seemed another attempt to sooth investors , he backpedaled a bit on the now famous statement from his letter to investors : "  We do n't build services to make money ; we make money to build better services . " "  From the beginning , we 've had this healthy understanding that we need to do both , " said Zuckerberg . Asked if he still codes , Zuckerberg said only for fun because if he wrote code for Facebook he would be in charge of fixing it . Does Mark Zuckerberg 's code break , asked Arrington ? "  Everything I do breaks , but we fix it quickly , " replied Zuckerberg . Zuckerberg : Facebook 's stock dive is ` disappointing , '	Mark Zuckerberg makes first public comments since Facebook went public He insists there is no Facebook smartphone in the works , despite the rumors Zuckerberg : New mobile products on the way in the coming months
CNN  -- A 47-year-old Virginia man was charged Monday with interfering with a flight crew during a flight last week in which he allegedly became intoxicated and unruly , leading authorities to scramble fighter jets and the pilot to make an emergency landing . The incident occurred Friday when Muhammad Abu Tahir , a Pakistani national and lawful permanent U.S. resident of Glen Allen , Virginia , was aboard AirTran Airways Flight 39 from Atlanta , Georgia , to San Francisco , California . During the flight , a flight attendant served Tahir , seated in coach , three airplane-serving-sized bottles of wine , then refused to serve him more , according to a two-page affidavit filed Monday by the FBI . He appealed to the senior flight attendant , who granted him a fourth , then a fifth bottle , both of which he downed quickly , it said . Tahir then went to a bathroom in the rear of the plane and closed the door , opening it a few minutes later and placing his shoes and socks outside the door , then retreating back inside , the affidavit said . "  A short time later , Tahir again opened the lavatory door revealing that he was shaving with no shirt on , " it added . When a flight attendant knocked on the door and encouraged him to leave the bathroom so others could use it , Tahir refused "  and started yelling at the flight attendant that he was being disrespected , " it said . Notified of the passenger 's behavior , the captain advised the senior flight attendant to enlist the help of a passenger to stand outside the lavatory in case help was needed , it said . But Tahir continued yelling and refused to obey the crew , at one point grabbing the senior flight attendant by her arms and hands , releasing her only after a passenger interceded , the affidavit said . By this time , a fire extinguisher had been carried to the rear of the plane for possible use against the man and a beverage cart was repositioned to contain Tahir , according to the affidavit . While Tahir remained inside the lavatory , the pilot made an emergency landing in Colorado Springs , Colorado , where police officers took Tahir to the El Paso County Jail , where he remained Monday . Tahir told the FBI that he felt he was being disrespected when the flight attendants denied his request for food , which was being served in business class , the affidavit said . The charges Tahir faces will be read Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Denver and a detention hearing and preliminary hearing are to be scheduled for later in the week . "  It is crucial that the flying public obey the commands of the flight crew , " said U.S. Attorney David Gaouette . If convicted , Tahir faces up to 20 years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine , or both , as well as restitution to the airline . The incident was the second in three days in which North American Aerospace Defense Command fighter jets were scrambled in response to a passenger deemed disruptive . On Wednesday , NORAD escorted a Hawaii-bound plane back to its origination city of Portland , Oregon , after a passenger gave a flight attendant a note that was interpreted as being threatening . The passenger , Joseph Hedlund Johnson , 56 , told the FBI he had n't intended to scare anyone with the note , which began , "  I thought I was going to die , " and referenced the television show "  Gilligan 's Island . "	47-year-old Virginia man charged with interfering with a flight crew Incident happened on AirTran Airways Flight 39 from Atlanta to San Francisco Flight attendants say passenger had five servings of wine , locked himself in bathroom
Flanked by Jewish politicians in front of the United Nations on a July day , then-Sen . Hillary Clinton made a forceful appeal for the United States to back Israel as the Jewish nation 's forces squared off against Hezbollah during the 2006 Lebanon War . "  We will stand with Israel because Israel is standing for American values as well as Israeli ones , " said Clinton . Clinton was an outspoken defender of Israel and representative for American Jews for eight years in the Senate . But it was n't always that way . She had to work hard for Jewish support in 2000 as the New York Jewish community was skeptical of her support for Israel and publicly wondered whether the former first lady was too sympathetic with the Palestinians . But by the time she ran for president in 2008 , a number of Jewish Democrats said her record with the community was unprecedented . Touting her foreign policy credentials and defense of Israel , Jewish leaders flocked to Clinton as she ran against Barack Obama in the Democratic primaries . But after losing to Obama , Clinton signed on to be the new President 's secretary of state and the face of his foreign policy . Over the next four years , some Jewish leaders said Clinton 's once-consistent , outspoken leadership on Israel was hamstrung by her role as Obama 's top diplomat . Obama and Abbas : Time running out for even a framework for Middle East talks Many applauded when she talked tough on Iran , like in 2010 when she labeled the country as one with an "  anti-Semitic president and hostile nuclear ambitions " or when she said in Qatar that "  Iran is moving toward a military dictatorship . " But many also winced quietly when she floated trial balloons about a nuclear deal with Iran , like in a 2010 interview with the BBC in which Clinton said Iran could enrich uranium for civilian purposes if it came into compliance with international norms . As Clinton mulls another run for the presidency in 2016 , there are questions in the Jewish community about whether her time at State has shifted her standing on issues important to American Jews . To some , the foreign policy experience she developed will just further endear her to a bloc of voters one leader described as "  extraordinarily cosmopolitan on foreign affairs . " But to others , including a number of Democrats , Clinton 's ties to the Obama administration -- a presidency that some Jewish leaders say is not strong enough on Israel and too focused on working out a nuclear deal with Iran -- has not helped her standing with American Jews . "  On the amorphous level , that she was part of the administration , there may be some residual weakening , " said one Jewish leader in Washington who asked for anonymity to speak more candidly . Other Jewish leaders see it as a mixed bag that Clinton will have to define before she decides about her political future . "  At a minimum , her four years in the secretary 's office did not hurt her in the community , even as the President got beat up in some corners of the community , " said another Jewish leader with ties to Clinton . "  I do n't know it especially helped her among Jews , but it did n't hurt her . " Tapping into the Clinton mystique Jewish leaders questioning Clinton 's standing is particularly interesting when the Clinton family 's longstanding ties with the community is considered . Those ties are so great that Bill Clinton -- a Southern Baptist born in Arkansas -- is jokingly considered and honorary Jew to some leaders . "  Her husband was like the first Jewish president , " joked one Jewish Democrat . Others said the Clintons ' understanding of the community was better than any other American politicians . Clinton is also helped by history . Despite the fact that conservatives have long hypothesized that Americans Jews would begin to vote more Republican because of party 's positions on taxes and Israel , the past two decades have shown the opposite . According to a 2012 report by The Solomon Project , a nonpartisan public policy organization , Jewish support for Democrats has grown since the 1990s . When Republican Ronald Reagan won the presidency in 1980 and 1984 , he garnered between 31 % and 37 % of the Jewish votes . But starting in 1992 , when Bill Clinton was first elected to the White House , American Jews began to gravitate to the Democratic Party . In fact , at no point between 1990 to 2008 has a Democratic candidate for the presidency won less than 70 % of the Jewish vote . In 2008 , Obama won nearly three-quarters of the Jewish vote . But history is also changing . In 2012 , Obama became the first Democratic presidential candidate since Jimmy Carter in 1976 to win less than 70 % of the Jewish vote when 69 % of the community supported the president . "  The majority of American Jews are liberal Democrats , " said Nathan Diament , executive director of the Orthodox Union Advocacy Center . "  But in the Orthodox segment of the community , President Obama is less popular . I think it remains to be seen whether , for the Orthodox community , that translates into some baggage for Hillary Clinton . " Since leaving the State Department , Clinton has appeared at a number of fundraiser for Jewish groups where she has been well-received . In October 2013 , Clinton was the keynote speaker at the $ 5,000-a-plate Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago Vanguard fundraising luncheon . In January 2014 , Clinton was one of a few speakers at the memorial service for Samuel Bronfman , a longtime Clinton supporter and stalwart in the Jewish community . A Jewish leader in New York who attended the event told CNN that speaking at the memorial was a "  huge coup " for Clinton because "  everyone who is anyone in the Jewish community will be there . " Clinton documents show ` West Wing ' mindset Some explaining to do on Iran Clinton will have a chance to tout her bona fides with Jewish-Americans on Wednesday when she is honored by Jack Rosen , the head of American Jewish Congress , at an event in New York City . According to Rosen , a Jewish leader with extensive ties to the Clintons , the event is an opportunity for Clinton to talk about issues that are important to the Jewish American community . Rosen specifically pointed out that "  the community " would like to know where Clinton stands on the deal the U.S. and five other Western nations struck with Iran over its nuclear program . "  We now have this deal with Iran brewing , " Rosen said . "  The community would like to know where she would come out on these Iranian discussion taking place . How does she see the future outcome out if ? " While the agreement struck in November was preliminary , it dials back Iran 's ability to work toward a nuclear weapon and at the same time loosens the chokehold of international sanctions on Iran 's economy . Some American Jews have been critical of the deal , and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has labeled the deal a "  historic mistake " that "  has made the world a much more dangerous place . " Rosen was quick to correctly point out that Clinton was n't in office when the deal with Iran was struck . This distance , he said , gave the former secretary of state a "  sort of the restart button here on Iranian policy because Iranian policy has changed . " But the former first lady has already publicly helped Obama by rebuffing congressional attempts to impose more sanctions on Iran as negotiations play out . In a letter to Senate Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin in February , Clinton wrote that while she was "  a long-time advocate for crippling sanctions against Iran , " now was the time to "  do everything we can to test whether they can advance a permanent solution . " For some American Jewish leaders , that letter was a troubling sign . "  Having thrown her support to the President 's approach on the Iran issue , she is now really tied herself to his policy , " Diament said . "  If somehow that policy does not succeed , that is something she is going to have a lot of explaining to do . " Rosen came close to echoing Diament 's sentiment . "  She was n't part of  the Iran deal  , " Rosen said , but "  does she support it ? " The answer to that question "  will bring up some questions of her views in comparison to the administration 's . "	Some in U.S. Jewish community associate Hillary Clinton with Obama 's Israel policy Some wonder if Clinton 's position on Israel has changed as she ponders White House run Clinton 's husband Bill is jokingly referred to as the "  first Jewish president "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling is writing a prequel to her best-selling series to be auctioned for charity -- but at just 800 words , it may lack some of the magic fans of the boy wizard might be hoping for . Autographed copies of J.K. Rowling 's work have fetched millions of dollars at auction . Rowling 's hand-written prequel , signed by the author , will be auctioned alongside works by other famous writers to raise cash for a dyslexia charity . Despite the brevity of the piece , experts believe it could fetch big money , since other autographed works by the blockbuster author have sold for millions of dollars . "  We never dreamed that J.K. Rowling would donate something so precious , and we 're incredibly grateful , " said Gerry Johnson , managing director of Waterstone 's , the UK book chain organizing the auction . "  I ca n't begin to guess how much it will raise at auction . " A previous 93-word storycard from Rowling , which referred to the book "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , " sold in 2002 for $ 53,000 . Rowling later produced seven hand-written copies of a new work , "  The Tales of Beedle the Bard , " one of which sold for $ 3.9 million in 2007 . "  Given the enormous interest we have seen in recent times for autograph work by J.K. Rowling , the prospects for her storycard are good to say the least , " said Philip Errington , a specialist at Sotheby 's auction house , which is helping to organize the sale . The card on which the story is written -- measuring 14.6 by 20.9 centimeters  5.75 by 8.25 inches  -- is signed "  JK Rowling 2008 . " The author signs off with the message : "  From the prequel I am not working on -- but that was fun ! " Alongside Rowling , 13 other authors invited to contribute to the June 10 auction include Margaret Atwood , Sebastian Faulks , Nick Hornby , and Tom Stoppard . A book featuring all 13 cards will go on sale in August . All profits from the book will benefit Dyslexia Action and English PEN , a writers ' association , Waterstone 's said .	Author J.K. Rowling pens Harry Potter prequel for charity auction Autographed 800-word piece will raise money for dyslexia charity Previous autographed Rowling pieces have raised millions of dollars
CNN  -- Lately I 've been hearing wailing sounds in the distance from members of what 's been dubbed Generation X over the prospect of beginning their collective sixth decade in two years . Their keening blends with that of their immediate predecessors , the baby boomers , who have for almost 20 years been grousing about their passage through and beyond their 50s . That 's long enough to regret not only "  being over , " but to regard even the notion of being over as being over . But what exactly is "  over " when you 're past 50 ? Unless you 're , like , you know , dead . Blame it on the veneration of youth that media and marketers have been feeding us from the time boomers began their fearsome march across this blue planet after World War II . To be young was to be exalted , embraced , catered to and , to bemused elders , feared . Once you were past 50 , you were no longer as important as you once were to people selling beer , fast food and clothing , which implied you were no longer as important to the culture , with relatively little to contribute or to inspire in others . But what 's this ? America 's front pages now proclaim a 64-year-old woman as their newest hero ? And she did what ? Really ? Yes , really . After four previous attempts , all curtailed by some combination of bad weather , hostile seas and sea life , Diana Nyad finally completed a record-setting , 100-plus-mile , nonstop swim from Cuba to Florida . She was the first swimmer to make such an epochal trip without the aid of a shark cage , reaching the shores of Key West roughly 53 hours after leaving Marina Hemingway off the coast of Havana . Two days and change seem like the proverbial drop in the ocean when compared with the 35 years , almost half her life , spent pursuing this grail . She had other things taking up her time : writing books , training athletes and breaking long-distance records . But the Cuba-to-Florida feat took its not-so-sweet time coming to pass . Even so , she did n't let age or time daunt or disqualify her . This was one bona fide baby boomer who was going to insist to all the subsequent generations that she , at least , was n't over and done . As galvanic as Nyad 's triumph has been to the world at large , even those who do n't care a whit about athletic pursuits , it 's been especially gratifying to those of us who belong to the baby boom generation and believe that we still have worthwhile , even astonishing things to contribute to the global imagination .  And in case there 's any doubt about her boomer creds , Nyad sharpened her focus during her arduous journey by keeping the music of her generation front and center in her head -- mostly Beatles songs and , if I 've heard radio reports correctly , "  The Ballad of Jed Clampett " from the 1960s TV sitcom "  The Beverly Hillbillies . " After Cuba-Florida feat , Nyad to swim 48 hours in New York But Nyad is only confirming what those reaching middle age with more left to give have long been discovering . In fact , the past few weeks have brought comparably striking  though somber  reminders of how one 's relevance can continue to ever more glowing terms past one 's 20s and 40s . Between August 18 and 20 , we lost three notable artists , Albert Murray , Elmore Leonard and Marian McPartland . Murray and McPartland , both of whom were vitally connected with jazz music and education , were in their 90s , while Leonard , who was writing best-selling , critically acclaimed crime fiction as recently as a year ago , was 89 . As with Nyad , all three worked hard and made reputations for themselves up till their 40s and then outdid those accomplishments in the second stretch of their lives . The British-born McPartland first achieved cult status as a Manhattan nightclub pianist throughout the 1950s and 1960s , while Leonard spent most of those same decades writing Western novels and stories , some of which were made into Hollywood movies , including 1957 's "  The Tall T " and "  3:10 to Yuma . " Murray spent much of his 19-year Air Force career studying literature and writing fiction . He did n't start writing full time until he retired in 1962 at age 46 and in 1970 published his first book of essays , "  The Omni-Americans , " when he was 54 . For the next 30 years , Murray became one of the most influential of African-American novelists and men of letters , using an elegiac imagination , informed passion for jazz music and broad knowledge of 20th-century literature . Leonard 's reputation likewise grew during the 1970s as a crime writer blessed with mordant wit and a keen ear for American speech at all social levels . But it was n't until 1985 that he , at 60 , became a semi-regular fixture on the best-seller lists with the publication of "  Glitz . " He would continue to amaze readers as diverse as Stephen King and Saul Bellow . In his 80s , Leonard achieved even greater renown working on the FX TV series "  Justified , " based on his novels about a laconic , sure-shot U.S. marshal named Raylan Givens . Diana Nyad 's jellyfish-proof face mask McPartland 's reputation in the jazz world may have been firmly established by the time her weekly "  Piano Jazz " interview series premiered on NPR in June 1978 when she was 60 . But it was through the show 's years -- through 2011 , when she finally stepped down as the host -- that McPartland revealed herself as an illuminating , charming and incisive guide through the mysteries of improvisation and seemed to grow artistically from her weekly encounters with musicians ranging from Dizzy Gillespie and Sarah Vaughan to Cecil Taylor and Steely Dan . So though one suspects Nyad 's far from through in amazing the onlookers , add her to these recently departed as stirring exemplars of the second or even third wind . She 's setting the pace for one generation -- and two years from now , the next generation of fiftysomethings should have sufficient reason to charge its own batteries for whatever wave comes by -- and wherever it takes them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Generation X soon to join baby boomers in grousing about getting older He says Diana Nyad 's feat proves baby boomers have second wind He says each generation has late-in-life exemplars , such as Elmore Leonard Seymour : Nyad likely not done amazing us ; coming generations should follow her example
CNN  -- No cyanide remained in the exhumed body of Illinois lottery winner Urooj Khan , preventing investigators from determining how the toxin entered his body , the Cook County medical examiner said Friday . Still , Dr. Stephen Cina maintained his determination from January : that blood samples taken after Khan 's death in July show the 46-year-old died of cyanide poisoning and that the manner of death was homicide . Officials in January exhumed the body of Khan -- who died the day after the Illinois lottery issued him a check for about $ 425,000 for winning a scratch-off game -- hoping to determine how cyanide entered his system . "  Cyanide has a short half-life , and it may be lost over the postmortem interval unless the tissues are adequately preserved , " Cina said Friday . "  In this case , due to advanced putrefaction of the tissue , no cyanide was detected " after the exhumation . Investigators initially ruled Khan 's manner of death natural . But after being prompted by a relative , technicians retested Khan 's blood , leading to Cina 's cause of death determination in January , more than a week before the body was exhumed . Cina also said Friday that coronary artery disease was a contributing cause to Khan 's death , because the autopsy showed one of his major coronary arteries was 75 % blocked . "  Since cyanide affects oxygen utilization in the tissues , it follows logically that a natural disease process that already limits blood flow to the heart could render an individual particularly susceptible to death due to this toxin , " he said . Before the exhumation , Cina said that cyanide can evaporate from a body after death and that it was possible it would not still be present . The autopsy results have been turned over to Chicago police , who have been investigating the case as a murder . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Coroner : No cyanide found in post-exhumation autopsy , likely because death was too long ago But the coroner says cyanide poisoning still is the cause of death Urooj Khan , 46 , died day after Illinois lottery gave him $ 425K for winning scratch-off game Toxicology tests found cyanide in his blood after a tip from a relative
CNN  -- Zambia will face pre-tournament favorites Ivory Coast in Sunday 's final of the Africa Cup of Nations after both countries won their semifinals 1-0 on Wednesday . Substitute Emmanuel Mayuka scored the only goal 12 minutes from time as Zambia shocked another one of the title favorites , Ghana . Meanwhile , a superb individual goal from Arsenal striker Gervinho proved enough for Ivory Coast to see off Mali in Gabon 's capital Libreville . World Cup quarterfinalists Ghana , who lost to Egypt in the 2010 African final , squandered a host of chances , missed a penalty and had a player sent off in Bata , Equatorial Guinea . And the Black Stars were made to pay for not taking advantage of their superiority when 20-year-old striker Mayuka fired home from outside the penalty area . Four-times champions Ghana started the match strongly and should have taken an eighth minute lead when Davies Nkausu fouled Kwadwo Asamoah in the area . But Asamoah Gyan wasted the resulting penalty when his poorly-struck spot-kick was pushed away by goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene . Soon afterwards , Gyan shot straight at Mweene after being put through by Andre Ayew , whose younger brother Jordan also fluffed a great chance to score . Ghana continued to have the majority of the possession after the break , but Mayuka 's superb strike gave Zambia a lead they held onto . Ghana 's woes were compounded by the dismissal of Derek Boateng with seven minutes left for a second bookable offense . A contender for the goal of the competition from Arsenal striker Gervinho against Mali put Ivory Coast into the final for the first time since losing to Egypt in 2006 . Picking the ball up on the halfway line , Gervinho left a host of Mali players in his wake as he sprinted down the left wing before firing a shot past goalkeeper Soumaila Diakite into the far corner of the net . Looking to avoid the same fate as Ghana earlier in the day , the Elephants nearly took a fifth-minute lead when Didier Drogba 's shot struck the crossbar . And , just seven minutes later , African player of the year Yaya Toure also struck the bar after being set up by Drogba 's Chelsea clubmate Salomon Kalou . Moustapha Yattabare had Mali 's best chance in the 72nd minute , but his attempt from the right narrowly whistled over the crossbar .	Zambia stun favorites Ghana 1-0 to reach the final of the Africa Cup of Nations Substitute Emmanuel Mayuka scores the only goal with 12 minutes remaining Zambia will face Ivory Coast in Sunday 's final after the Elephants beat Mali 1-0 Arsenal striker Gervinho 's superb individual goal is enough to defeat co-hosts
CNN  -- More than 100 state troopers and deputies searched for the third occupant of a hot air balloon that crashed in flames at a Virginia balloon festival , killing the other two people on board , state police said Saturday . Witnesses captured photographs of the balloon after it drifted into power lines , burst into flames Friday night and crashed into the countryside about 25 miles north of Richmond . Some reported seeing two people either jump or fall from the basket at a dizzying height . The bodies were found about 1,500 yards apart in a heavily wooded area , Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said Saturday afternoon . Two members of the University of Richmond women 's basketball program were among those aboard . Ginny Doyle , associate head basketball coach , and Natalie Lewis , director of basketball operations , were on the balloon , the university said in a statement . It said the medical examiner 's office has not provided official identification . "  As alumnae , classmates and colleagues -- and as invaluable and devoted mentors for our student-athletes -- Ginny and Natalie have been beloved members of our community , " President Edward L. Ayers said . "  Their leadership and friendship will endure in the lives of so many . " The search was scaled back at sundown Saturday because of the difficulty of navigating the terrain in the dark . A full-scale effort will resume at daybreak Sunday , police said . The basket and the balloon separated at some point ; neither had been found . Earlier Saturday , Geller told reporters the effort had transitioned from rescue to recovery . The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash . "  We will investigate the man , machine and the environment , " NTSB air safety investigator Heidi Moats said . Weather conditions are one of the elements investigators are looking at , Moats said , though there was no inclement weather at the time and , so far , officials do n't believe those conditions played a role in the crash , Geller said . Thirteen hot air balloons had been soaring on the eve of the Mid-Atlantic Balloon Festival in Doswell , and three were landing close to each other . Two landed safely , Geller said , but as the third balloon descended , it hit a power line , sparking a fire that spread quickly . The pilot began doing his safety maneuvers and "  took every step to manage the situation , " the spokeswoman said . But then there was an explosion and the basket and balloon separated . Those aboard the balloon pleaded for their lives , witness Carrie Hager-Bradley told CNN affiliate WWBT . "  They were just screaming for anybody to help them . ` Help me , help me , sweet Jesus , help , I 'm going to die . Oh my God , I 'm going to die , ' " she said . Her daughter told her she saw someone falling out of the basket . Then Hager-Bradley also saw someone plummeting to the ground . Organizers canceled the festival after the accident . How safe is hot air ballooning ? CNN 's Joe Sutton , Mandy Lawrence and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Investigators will look at weather conditions 100 people plan to search through the night for the third person , state police say Two members of University of Richmond 's basketball program aboard Balloon hit a power line , state police spokeswoman says
CNN  -- They 've sung his praises on social networking pages , calling him a "  hero , " "  the greatest man of our time , " "  a legend . " They 've said he deserves to be knighted and should be decorated with medals . They 've cried out for his amnesty and have even proposed serving time for him . A Lebanese student in Beirut attends a December rally to support the shoe-throwing Iraqi journalist . The man many hundreds of thousands of Facebook users honor is no other than Muntadhar al-Zaidi , the Iraqi journalist who was sentenced Thursday to three years in prison for hurling his shoes at then-U.S. President George W. Bush . The double-whammy size 10 shoe toss , neither of which hit Bush , took place in December at a news conference in Baghdad , Iraq . In many traditional Middle East circles , throwing shoes at someone is considered a grave insult . To do this to an American president surrounded by Secret Service agents , no less , was as shocking to riveted viewers who watched the footage later as it was to the president himself . Watch video about the shoe thrower 's sentencing " "  First of all , it 's got to be one of the most weird moments of my presidency , " Bush said later . "  Here I am getting ready to answer questions from the free press in a democratic Iraq , and a guy stands up and throws his shoe . ... I 'm not angry with the system . I believe that a free society is emerging , and a free society is necessary for our own security and peace . " Expressing their own freedom on Facebook , a worldwide fan base rose up to laud al-Zaidi 's actions . They formed hundreds of fan pages and groups , big and small , serious and light . One is even called the "  Shoe-Throwing Appreciation Society . " Mike Trainor , 28 , was watching a football game when a news break brought footage of the incident across his TV screen . "  I thought it was the funniest thing I 'd ever seen , " said Trainor , a Queens , New York , stand-up comedian behind "  Guy Who Threw His Shoes at Bush , " which has attracted nearly 270,000 fans . The comedian may have created the post for laughs , but he quickly learned how loaded the issue was . "  It grew into this crazy thing , " in which Bush supporters began to weigh in on message boards calling al-Zaidi supporters "  a threat to America " and insults in reaction flew , he said . "  It shows people have a lot of passionate feelings about it , that 's for sure . " One message board on his page , titled "  YOU GUYS HATE AMERICA , " drew 384 posts in reaction . The creator started it with these words : "  seriously you guys are all a ** holes . why would you be happy about some freaking foreigner throwing his shoes at the leader of the free world ? I do n't care if he 's dumb he 's my president of my wonderful country -LSB- sic -RSB- . " And interspersed amid the groups of fans were those that spoke out against the al-Zaidi worship . "  That shoe thrower is not a hero , " attracted 94 members , many of them with Arabic names . One London poster said the shoe thrower "  did nothing but bring shame upon us iraqis -LSB- sic -RSB- , " and another from Halifax , Nova Scotia added , "  I dont care about bush but this guy was very disrespectful to the Iraqi Prime minister who was standing right next to him -LSB- sic -RSB- . " But the shoe-thrower fans , at least in the world of Facebook , seem to far outweigh those who decried his actions . "  This site is intended to express the appreciation of those who share the frustration and anger that you expressed when you blew Mr Bush those boot-kisses -LSB- sic -RSB- , " reads the description on "  Thank you Muntadhar al-Zaidi , " a nearly 500-member page created by a teacher at the University of Auckland in New Zealand . Protests of the journalist 's arrest and now sentence brought Arab and Muslim demonstrators to the streets . But what Facebook has shown is that al-Zaidi 's angry expression resonated with those beyond his religion and region . From England and Uruguay to China and Bush 's own red , white and blue , supporters have made noise , at least virtually . "  We 're talking about a common man , like me and you , " who was "  tired of years of lies from a self-called ` freedom saver , ' " said Matteo Ferigo of Padova , Italy , the 30-year-old creator behind "  Save Muntadhar al-Zaidi , " which has 116 members . "  I understand that his act was not so civil , polite or ` politically correct , ' but I also understand how Iraqi people can see George Bush and what he represents to them . " Ari Vais , the creator of the page , "  Free the Iraqi shoe throwing journalist ! , " said his own history taught him the value of free expression . "  I was born in the Soviet Union , where dissent like this was cracked down on severely , " said Vais , a 39-year-old Queens , New York , musician . "  We came to America when I was a boy because we knew that people should be free . " What al-Zaidi did was a reflection of the democracy Vais thought Bush intended to spread . "  We were supposed to be liberators , and what America stands for is freedom of self-expression and human rights , " he said . "  All he did was throw a couple shoes . And he missed ! It was political theater and not jail-time stuff . " But it was serious business . Anyone , no matter where they live , would be tackled by Secret Service and face charges for such an attempted assault on the president . And if al-Zaidi had done this to Saddam Hussein , one has to wonder what would have come of the man who 's now celebrated . The shoe throwing , because it was so shocking , proved great fodder for late-night talk shows . Comedians , beyond Trainor , had a field day with this one . It inspired online games for people who wanted to play al-Zaidi . Matt Love of Edmonton , Alberta , in Canada called the Iraqi journalist 's move "  an act of great courage " and said that in showing his disdain for Bush , "  He spoke for many millions of people . " The 52-year-old retired Washington state department of transportation worker believes everyone can learn from the shoe thrower . Commenting Thursday on several fan pages , including one calling for a Nobel Peace Prize for al-Zaidi , Love suggested that people turn out for Bush 's March 17 speech at the TELUS Convention Centre in Calgary . "  Lets -LSB- sic -RSB- show some solidarity ... and lob some loafers , " he wrote . "  Will the Canadian government lock us up for 3 years ? Let 's find out . " Reached later in the day , however , he assured CNN that this was written tongue-in-cheek . "  Let me be clear , " Love said . "  I wo n't be throwing shoes at anyone . "	Muntadhar al-Zaidi , who threw his shoes at President Bush , gains cult-like following Hundreds of thousands of Facebook users join groups to praise the Iraqi journalist Fans extend beyond the Muslim and Arab worlds , politically and comically But seriousness of his actions leads to three-year prison sentence
CNN  -- As many as four African migrants from Ethiopia and Eritrea trying to cross into Israel from Egypt 's Sinai desert were shot dead by smugglers and 10 others were wounded , according to state media . The smugglers opened fire when the group refused to pay them , according to Egypt 's official MENA news agency . Egypt 's interior ministry confirmed that an investigation was under way into the incident , though its casualty figures differed . An official at the ministry told CNN that two Eritreans were killed on Egypt 's border with Israel , and that three people were wounded . Fifteen others were arrested by Egyptian border police . In total , the group consisted of three-dozen African migrants attempting to flee into Israel , the official said .	Migrants trying to flee Egypt for Israel were killed by smugglers , official media says The Egyptian government is investigating the incident There are conflicting reports on the number of casualties
CNN  -- The amazing discoveries from NASA 's Kepler planet-hunting space telescope keep rolling in . The latest , announced this week by astronomers , is the discovery of a planet just 10 % larger than the Earth orbiting in the so-called "  habitable zone " of the star Kepler-186 . In our solar system , Earth is the only planet in the habitable zone -- the distance from the sun where liquid water can exist on the surface without boiling away  like on Venus  , or turning to ice  like on Mars  . The new planet , imaginatively dubbed Kepler-186f for now , appears to be in the same kind of Goldilocks place in its solar system . Not too hot , not too cold , just right . 186f could be the closest planet yet found . It could be Earth 2.0 . Maybe . The Kepler telescope can detect planets like 186f and tell us their size , but it ca n't tell us what they 're made of or what they 're like . Is 186f a rocky planet like the Earth with a thin atmosphere and oceans and continents ? Or does it have a thick atmosphere and a small rocky core ? Or is it a big metallic body with no atmosphere at all ? Or something else entirely ? Over the past decade a veritable zoo of planets has been discovered around other stars using a variety of telescopic methods , from hot Jupiters  giant planets close in to their star  to super Earths  rocky worlds many times the size of our planet  . Add to that the amazing diversity of planets and moons that we 've discovered right here in our own solar system during the past four decades from the Voyager spacecraft and other missions , the variety is astounding . Even if 186f does n't turn out to be Earth-like , the number of actual Earth-like extrasolar planets out there appears to be staggering . During its four-year mission , Kepler observed just a tiny , random , average piece of the sky , one you would cover with your fist held at arm 's length . More than 1,000 planets have been discovered so far from just the nearby stars in that tiny patch of the sky . 186f , for example , is "  just " 500 light years away -- a veritable next-door neighbor on the galactic scale . If you extend the results of that little survey across the entire , 100,000-light-year-wide Milky Way galaxy , you end up concluding that there are likely to be tens of billions of Earth-sized planets in our galaxy alone . And many of them must be orbiting in their sun 's habitable zones as well . Astronomers are scrambling to use other telescopes , on the ground and in space , to try to figure out what 186f and the thousand other new worlds discovered so far are really like . And new space observatories are being planned to try to follow up and expand on the results from the Kepler mission  which stopped collecting new planet data last year  . The implications of what they find could be profound , especially if they 're able to detect an atmosphere there , and -- the Holy Grail -- especially if that atmosphere contains telltale gases like water vapor , oxygen , or methane , key indicators that the place may be habitable . Just because a planet is in a star 's habitable zone , though , and just because it has an environment that is potentially habitable , does n't mean that planet is necessarily inhabited . But there are astronomers looking out for that possibility , too . It 's no coincidence , for example , that the lead author of the study that discovered 186f , Dr. Elisa Quintana , is from a research organization called the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence , or SETI , institute . I 'm sure other SETI astronomers are making extra efforts to train their radio telescopes on Kepler-186 and those other recently discovered exoplanet systems , to listen for any stray signals . Or , perhaps , they 'll find a targeted signal , a cosmic "  hello ? " beamed our way by our neighboring astronomers on 186f , who are also trying desperately to answer the question , "  Are we alone ? "	NASA 's Kepler telescope discovered a planet that is 10 % larger than Earth Jim Bell : The new planet , 186f , may or may not be inhabitable He says there appears to be a large number of Earth-like extrasolar planets Bell : Discovery supports the idea that habitable worlds are probably common
Hong Kong  CNN  -- While it 's not a stretch to imagine the Edward Snowden saga would spawn books and movies , a group of amateur filmmakers in Hong Kong have already beaten Hollywood to the punch with a short thriller dramatizing the events that unfolded in the city last month . On June 9 , Snowden identified himself as the source of leaked classified documents exposing mass surveillance programs purportedly operated by the U.S. National Security Agency  NSA  . The American computer technician also revealed he had been hiding out in Hong Kong for three weeks , sparking widespread speculation about his exact whereabouts and whether he would find safe refuge in the territory -- a special administrative region of the People 's Republic of China . Two days later , freelance videographer Edwin Lee contacted a few friends about shooting a short film about the maelstrom swirling around Snowden in the city . "  We were so intrigued as to why Snowden came to Hong Kong , " Lee said , an Irish expatriate . "  All of us love Hong Kong to death ; we all call Hong Kong home . " The five-minute film was shot over four days , Lee said , describing it as a "  foot-on-the-gas " guerrilla operation . The script was mostly written the day before shooting and actors had no rehearsal time , he added . Yet the final product is surprisingly suspenseful and sophisticated , with gorgeous time-lapse panoramas of the city and "  shaky cam " shots reminiscent of Hollywood .  Lee , who was largely in charge of cinematography and editing , named the Bourne film series and director Michael Mann as inspirations .  In its first week , the film has garnered over 43,000 views on Youtube . While Lee and his three co-directors/producers took creative license with plot details , such as an imagined briefing between a mainland Ministry of State Security attaché and Hong Kong police , they also filmed scenes inside the same hotel where Snowden had stayed and shot a video interview with The Guardian . Renting the hotel room cost half of their estimated HK$ 4,200 budget  US$ 540  , Lee said . The actor who played Snowden in the film also bears a remarkable similarity to the man himself , to the extent that the hairdresser who cut off the actor 's "  long shaggy hair " to mirror Snowden 's photo warned him afterward not to be mistaken for the fugitive , said co-producer Shawn Tse , who orchestrated his makeover . Curiously Snowden has no dialogue in the film . "  Yes the film was about Snowden , but he was n't featured the most prominently , " Lee said , adding that the team was careful not to impose judgments upon a man who largely remains a mystery to them . "  He 's mostly the catalyst -LSB- of events -RSB- affecting all these different people around him ; it 's more about the vignettes , " Lee said , describing the film 's focus as split "  50-50 " between Snowden and the city of Hong Kong . Rather , the film is intended more as a homage to Hong Kong by a group of expatriates who love the city . "  We tried to give Hong Kong the limelight we think it deserves , " Tse said . Describing a "  very muted response to the Snowden affair " from Hong Kong and the Chinese central government , Lee also acknowledged an underlying political critique in invoking the Ministry of State Security attaché . The scene was intended as a "  vehicle to represent  Hong Kong 's  relationship with China " and the murkiness of Beijing 's role in the Snowden affair . "  To say China was n't pulling any strings at all would be naïve ... Even though it gives us autonomy , it 's always Beijing that calls the shots , " Lee said . In a keen cultural detail , the attaché speaks in Mandarin , while the officers respond in Cantonese . Hong Kong authorities have denied that China influenced Snowden 's decision to leave the city . While Lee said Snowden 's sudden departure did n't cut their project short , he said it hastened the editing process to get the film out . He said there are no plans to extend the film or shoot a sequel , now that Snowden has left the city .	Group of amateur filmmakers in Hong Kong made thriller about Snowden 's time in the city Despite limited budget and time , five-minute film attracted over 43,000 YouTube views in first week Crew found Snowden lookalike and rented room in same hotel that Snowden stayed in Film was intended as homage to city of Hong Kong , rather than only Snowden 's story
WIRED  -- Without more funding , NASA will not meet its goal of tracking 90 percent of all deadly asteroids by 2020 , according to a report released today by the National Academy of Sciences . This NASA artist 's rendering shows a massive asteroid belt orbiting the Earth . The agency is on track to soon be able to spot 90 percent of the potentially dangerous objects that are at least a kilometer  .6 miles  wide , a goal previously mandated by Congress . Asteroids of this size are estimated to strike Earth once every 500,000 years on average and could be capable of causing a global catastrophe if they hit Earth . In 2008 , NASA 's Near Earth Object Program spotted a total of 11,323 objects of all sizes . But without more money in the budget , NASA wo n't be able to keep up with a 2005 directive to track 90 percent of objects bigger than 460 feet across . An impact from an asteroid of this size could cause significant damage and be very deadly , particularly if it were to strike near a populated area . Meeting that goal "  may require the building of one or more additional observatories , possibly including a space-based observatory , " according to the report . The committee that investigated the issue noted that the United States is getting little help from the rest of the world on this front , and is n't likely to any time soon . Another report is planned for release by the end of the year that will review what NASA plans to do if we spot a life-threatening asteroid headed our direction . A summary of the report 's findings : • Congress has mandated that NASA discover 90 percent of all near-Earth objects 140 meters in diameter or greater by 2020 . The administration has not requested and Congress has not appropriated new funds to meet this objective . Only limited facilities are currently involved in this survey/discovery effort , funded by NASA 's existing budget . • The current near-Earth object surveys can not meet the goals of the 2005 NASA Authorization Act directing NASA to discover 90 percent of all near-Earth objects 140 meters in diameter or greater by 2020 . • The orbit-fitting capabilities of the Minor Planet Center are more than capable of handling the observations of the congressionally mandated survey as long as staffing needs are met . • The Arecibo Observatory telescope continues to play a unique role in characterization of NEOs , providing unmatched precision and accuracy in orbit determination and insight into size , shape , surface structure , multiplicity , and other physical properties for objects within its declination coverage and detection range . • The United States is the only country that currently has an operating survey/detection program for discovering near-Earth objects ; Canada and Germany are both building spacecraft that may contribute to the discovery of near-Earth objects . However , neither mission will detect fainter or smaller objects than ground-based telescopes . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Report : Without more funding , NASA will fall short if its goals of tracking asteroids NASA hopes to spot 90 percent of the potentially dangerous objects by 2020 Large asteroids could cause a global catastrophe if they strike Earth The U.S. is the only country that has an operating asteroid-detection program
CNN  -- About 13 % of the world 's population is undernourished , according to the most recent statistics from the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . That 's at least 847.5 million people , most of whom live in sub-Saharan Africa or Asia and the Pacific . The FAO defines undernourishment as "  the condition of people whose dietary energy consumption is continuously below a minimum dietary energy requirement for maintaining a healthy life and carrying out a light physical activity with an acceptable minimum body weight for attained height . " The most undernourished nation on the list , at least by percentage , is the Democratic Republic of Congo . Nearly 42 million people there , or 69 % of the population , are undernourished . Two other African nations , Eritrea and Burundi , are also over 60 % . Haiti ranks fourth with 57 % . Somalia , which is dealing with a devastating famine right now , is not on the list . Because of political turmoil within the country , the FAO has not been able to gather dependable statistics for the country . The United States is n't on the list , either . That 's because , like many developed nations , its undernourished rate is under 5 % . India has more undernourished people than any other country by far -- 237.7 million , or 21 % of its population . China is No. 2 with 130.4 million , or 10 % of its population . More comparisons : Where do people live the longest ? Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	In the Democratic Republic of Congo , 69 % of the population is undernourished But India has the most undernourished : 237.7 million people , or 21 % of its population Most of the struggling countries are from sub-Saharan Africa as well as Asia and the Pacific
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Clashes over a disputed area along the Thai-Cambodian border erupted for a fourth consecutive day Monday , resulting in the death of a Thai soldier , a military official said . Four other Thai soldiers have been killed since the fighting started Friday , according to Col. Sansern Kaewkumnerd . Authorities have evacuated thousands of people from nearby villages . Each side blames the other for the violence , which first broke out last week near two temples in the Phanom Dong Rak district of Thailand 's Surin province . Cambodia 's government has said three of its troops have been killed . On Monday , Sansern accused Cambodians of trying to seize two ancient temples , Ta Kwai and Ta Muen Thom . The fighting on the ground has been coupled with a war of words in recent days . On Sunday , Sansern accused Cambodian troops of opening fire first and said Thai troops responded to protect their country 's sovereignty . Cambodian officials could not be immediately reached for comment . A statement from the country 's defense ministry Saturday described the clashes as an "  assault by Thai infantry units , " accusing Thailand of flying spy planes into Cambodia and attacking with heavy weapons . Thailand 's foreign ministry issued statements Saturday accusing Cambodia of "  firing heavy weapons at innocent Thai civilians . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that the United States "  remains deeply concerned about clashes between security forces along the Thailand-Cambodia border . " The U.S. government is speaking directly to Thai and Cambodian officials , and also supports efforts by Indonesia , the chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , to work with both countries on a resolution , Clinton 's statement said . In February , at least 10 people were killed when fighting flared up in another disputed border area between the two nations , prompting the United Nations Security Council to issue a statement calling on both sides to implement a cease-fire . Those clashes , which lasted four days , stemmed from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . At the time , each nation accused the other of firing first . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton says the United States is "  deeply concerned " Each side blames the other for the violence , which erupted near two temples Thousands have been evacuated from nearby villages
CNN  -- It 's all tied up in Texas . Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are running a tight race in Texas . A new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll suggests the battle for the Democratic presidential nomination between Sens. Hillary Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois is a statistical dead heat in Texas , which holds primaries March 4 . In the survey , out Monday , 50 percent of likely Democratic primary voters support Clinton as their choice for the party 's nominee , with 48 percent backing Obama . But taking into account the poll 's sampling error of plus or minus 4 1/2 percentage points for Democratic respondents , the race is a virtual tie . Watch Democrats target Texas . " Two recent polls by other organizations also show the race statistically even . Map : National and state polling "  One reason the race appears to be tight is that Texas Democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , " says CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  Likely Democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they do n't see a lot of difference between them on several top issues . "  Roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks -- and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between Clinton and Obama . " Many political strategists and analysts consider Texas and Ohio -- which also holds a March 4 primary -- must-win states for Clinton . Obama has won the past eight contests and is now ahead in the overall battle for delegates , 193 of which are at stake in Texas . The new survey indicates Arizona Sen. John McCain is the clear favorite for the Republican presidential nomination . Among Republicans , 55 percent of likely Texas GOP primary voters support McCain as their choice for nominee . Thirty-two percent back former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and 11 percent support home-state congressman and former Libertarian standard-bearer Ron Paul . The poll 's sampling error for Republican respondents is 4 percentage points . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone from Friday through Sunday . Pollsters talked to 1,506 adults in Texas , including 553 likely Republican primary voters and 529 likely Democratic primary voters . McCain is the overwhelming front-runner in the fight for the Republican presidential nomination and party leaders have rallied around the candidate in an attempt for party unity . The poll was released on the same day the only living former Republican president -- George Herbert Walker Bush , the current president 's father -- endorsed McCain at an event in Houston . Watch McCain get a big boost " But McCain has had trouble winning conservative voters . Just last week , McCain lost the conservative vote to Huckabee in the Virginia primary , according to exit polls . The new survey , though , suggests McCain may have better luck in Texas . "  It looks like McCain has made some inroads with conservative Republicans , " Holland said . "  McCain is picking up a bare majority among conservative likely voters in the GOP primary . The McCain campaign probably wishes that number were higher , but it does mean that a McCain victory in Texas would not be based on the votes of moderates and independents , as has happened in several states in the past few weeks . " Texas Democrats and Republicans may not see eye to eye on the issues , but the poll suggests they do agree on what 's the most important issue . Thirty-five percent of Democrats and an equal number of Republicans said the economy was the most important issue in their choice for president . The second most important issue for Democrats was health care , at 23 percent , followed by the war in Iraq at 22 percent , illegal immigration at 10 percent and terrorism at 7 percent . Nineteen percent of Republicans said illegal immigration was their most important issue , putting it in second place , followed by the war in Iraq and terrorism at 17 percent and health care at 8 percent . Sixty percent of Republicans say they 'll definitely support the candidate they are now backing . That number climbs to 76 percent for Democrats . Likely Democratic primary voters view Clinton and Obama on roughly equal terms . Seventy-nine percent say they would be satisfied if Clinton were the nominee ; an equal number feel the same way about Obama . Seventy-nine percent say it 's likely Clinton can win the nomination ; 82 percent say the same about Obama . The two candidates are essentially tied on immigration , Iraq and the economy , but Clinton has an advantage on health care and abortion . E-mail to a friend	Texas voters go to the polls March 4 Sen. John McCain is the clear front-runner on the Republican side Sen. Barack Obama is on an eight-state winning streak Some strategists see Texas as a must-win state for Sen. Hillary Clinton
CNN  -- Oh , he was n't always so quiet . Contrary to his somber popular image -- created in the early days of Beatlemania and never truly put to rest -- George Harrison loved to laugh , and he loved to make others laugh . After all , this is a man who mortgaged his house so Monty Python could make "  Life of Brian " because he wanted to see it -- "  still the most anybody 's ever paid for a cinema ticket , " jokes Python 's Eric Idle . "  He was a very amusing person , " says his widow , Olivia , in a phone interview from Friar Park , the longtime Harrison residence in Oxfordshire , England . "  He was funny , and he made you funny to be around him , and if you could make him laugh , that was just great . " Of course , he could be quiet . He loved to spend hours working in his gardens . He could be prickly , too -- and thoughtful , and bitter , and expansive , and wistful . In other words , he was a human being , this Beatle and ex-Beatle and musician and racing enthusiast .  You did n't know about the auto racing ?  As Martin Scorsese 's award-winning documentary on Harrison , "  George Harrison : Living in the Material World , " revealed , he was n't easily pigeonholed -- and he liked nothing more than to take the piss out of all the cliches . After all , this was a man who gleefully participated in a mockumentary about the Rutles , a parody Beatles whose characters included a tight trouser-loving manager named Leggy Mountbatten , a movie called "  Yellow Submarine Sandwich " and a spouse identified as "  a simple little German girl whose father had invented World War II . " Harrison played a reporter present at the pillaging of the Rutles ' business headquarters . "  Material World , " which premiered last fall on HBO  whose parent company also owns CNN  and has been making its way around the world , is being released on video on May 1 . CNN spoke to Olivia Harrison and the documentary 's music producer , Giles Martin , son of Beatles producer Sir George Martin .  Sir George , 86 , is "  great , " says Giles , noting that , having hung it up three years ago , "  he 's enjoying early retirement . " The following is an edited and condensed version of the transcript . CNN : People often are n't aware of what a great sense of humor George had . He was thought of as "  the quiet Beatle , " the "  mystical Beatle . " I wonder if either of you have stories about his humor . Olivia Harrison : He was mischievous . He did like to tease people a lot . I just got so used to being wound up -- he just wound me up every single day I think I knew him . And he said , "  You 're just so easy to wind up . " He 'd make some really bad remark , and he 'd just do it so I 'd start protesting . And he was funny , and he made you funny to be around him , and if you could make him laugh , that was just great . CNN : And you , Giles ? Giles Martin : I was a kid -LSB- attending -RSB- Simon and Garfunkel at Wembley Stadium . I was standing in the urinals , kind of embarrassed , and he said , "  Do you need any help ? " He 'd seen me with my parents , but I did n't recognize him . ... -LSB- Upon leaving , the stranger started chatting with Giles ' parents . -RSB- They said , "  George , have you met my son Giles ? " and he said , "  Yes , we just had a piss next to each other . " There was no pomp and circumstance with him . And whenever it came to -LSB- recording at -RSB- Abbey Road , there was no red carpet . He wanted everyone to be treated the same . CNN : What do you think George would be doing if he had n't played music ? He loved gardening and auto racing . Harrison : I have no idea . He always said he had no idea what he would have done if he was n't a musician . He did n't have a clue . He 'd have been a total failure , he said . He had no idea how to do anything else . I think he would have found something , but I do n't think he was ever meant to be anything else . When you ca n't do anything else , that 's what you are . If you have to paint , you have to write , you have to do music , that 's who you are . You do n't have any choice . And he really felt he did n't have any choice . CNN : So he did n't see dropping the guitar and becoming a landscape architect . Harrison : Oh , I think he did . And he did that , too . But early on in life , if he had n't been a musician , there was n't an option to not be one . That 's how it was . CNN : In the film , you talk about the gardens at Friar Park and how much effort and love he put into them . Harrison : And it was n't just here , it was in general . It 's funny : The root of George is "  geo , " which means "  of the earth . " And that 's -- again -- that 's who he was . He just loved being out in nature . CNN : Giles , the music for the documentary came from a range of sources . What challenges did you have in producing it ? Martin : Marty -LSB- Scorsese -RSB- would want the song , say , "  All Things Must Pass , " which is a classic track from a classic album , but it 's made for vinyl . And if you played it in the cinema , it would n't be the way you remember it sounding . It would sound small . So you 're ripping everything apart and putting it together so it sounds how you think you should remember it . And that 's a challenge , because you have to pay utmost respect to the original creation , and at the same time , you have to rub everyone 's memories the right way . CNN : Olivia , did George usually put in a lot of winks and nudges to you when he wrote songs ? Harrison : There were a lot of songs that I would look back on and go , "  Oh yeah . " He expressed his emotions in his songs . He did n't really express them so much in daily life . He saved them up , I think . Sometimes , he was difficult to talk to about certain things , and then he would write a song , and I 'd say , "  How can you do that ? How can you put your whole thoughts and inner being out there in a song ? " I could never do that . That was just the way he was -- how artists are . They 're baring their souls to you . So nudges and winks ? I guess there are a lot of them . CNN : What has been the reaction to the film since its release ? Harrison : It 's been extraordinary . We went to Mumbai , to the film festival there , -LSB- and -RSB- for them , to see footage of George riding around in a rickshaw in India -- not being a tourist , but participating in daily life there -- they were so happy . It was such a great response . It 's been going around the world , to the Istanbul Film Festival , and it 's going to Rome . It 's a thoughtful documentary . It evokes something in all of us -- what are we doing ? Are we doing OK in our lives ? And are we making enough effort ? And I think it touches that chord in people . CNN : I think the ending is one of the most moving things I 've ever witnessed . Harrison : We tried to end the documentary in a different way , but Marty tried so many different endings and he said , "  No , that 's it . That 's what happened . That 's the end of a life . " I think it 's a surprising documentary -- it leads you somewhere you do n't expect . You certainly do n't expect it to be as deep . I did n't . I think it 's a real tribute to Marty that he managed to capture that .	"  George Harrison : Living in the Material World " DVD out May 1 Documentary , directed by Martin Scorsese , shows many facets of musician Harrison had great sense of humor , loved to garden Songs had to be tweaked to re-create warmth of vinyl in theatrical setting
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea proposed on Wednesday holding working-level talks with North Korea on February 11 , the unification ministry said . The meeting would take place at the truce village of Panmunjom , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported , and is aimed at paving the way for higher-level military talks . The South will demand that Pyongyang take responsibility for last year 's military provocations and promise not to carry out any more attacks , the unification ministry said . The ministry said this month that it had reopened communication channels with North Korea in the border area of Panmunjom . The date and venue for the preliminary talks were communicated via a military line there , Yonhap reported . It was the first time in eight months the two sides reopened the hot line . North Korea cut it off May 26 to protest Seoul 's response to the March sinking of a South Korean naval ship . South Korea has blamed North Korea for the attack , which killed 46 sailors . Pyongyang denies any involvement in the sinking of the Cheonan . Tensions rose again in November , when North Korea shelled South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . North Korea said the strike was in response to the South 's navy firing into Northern waters . South Korea also proposed separate high-level talks with North Korea to discuss the issue of denuclearization , a request the North has not responded to , the unification ministry said . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report .	South Korea suggests February 11 in truce village of Panmunjom The talks would pave the way for higher-level military talks Military hot line was reopened for first time in eight months
CNN  -- They share a deep sorrow : an idealistic American who tried to protect the Kurds of Iraq , a Canadian general who refused to follow orders in Rwanda , a French priest who fought for the soul of Cambodia . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled to the killing fields of Europe , Africa and Asia for "  Scream Bloody Murder . " Each one tried to focus the world 's attention on the world 's most heinous crime : genocide . Each time , they were shunned , ignored or told it was someone else 's problem . To understand why , CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled to the killing fields of Europe , Africa and Asia for a two-hour documentary , "  Scream Bloody Murder . " Having reported on mass atrocities around the world , this time Amanpour traced the personal accounts of those who tried to stop the slaughter . The yearlong CNN investigation found that instead of using a U.N. treaty outlawing genocide as a springboard to action , political leaders have invoked reason after reason to make intervention seem unnecessary , pointless and even counter-productive . Map : See the locations featured in the documentary " December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N. 's Genocide Convention , when -- in the aftermath of the Holocaust -- the nations of the world pledged to prevent and punish future attempts to eliminate ethnic , religious and national groups . Read the 1948 Genocide Convention  pdf "  The Genocide Convention should have stopped genocide , but it did n't , " said Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel . Intervention is a daunting challenge , he believes , because of a tendency to minimize accounts from refugees and victims . "  It 's better not to believe , because if you believe , you do n't sleep nights . And how can you eat ? How can you drink a glass of wine when you know ? " See images from locations in the documentary " 1970s : Cambodia Father François Ponchaud was a Catholic missionary in Cambodia when the Khmer Rouge guerillas -- communist revolutionaries -- seized power in 1975 . They expelled all foreigners from the country . But working from France , Ponchaud gathered refugee accounts and monitored radio broadcasts to document the slave labor , torture and executions the Khmer Rouge were using to kill one-fourth of Cambodia 's population . He published his findings in a major French newspaper and wrote a book , "  Year Zero . " But even so , Ponchaud tells Amanpour , "  No one believed us . " Watch a behind-the-scenes look at the making of ` Scream Bloody Murder ' " 1980s : Iraq CNN found that intervention is often weighed against political and economic costs . Declassified U.S. government documents show that while Saddam Hussein was gassing Iraqi Kurds , the U.S. opposed punishing Iraq with a trade embargo because it was cultivating Iraq as an ally against Iran and as a market for U.S. farm exports . According to Peter Galbraith , then an idealistic Senate staffer determined to stop Hussein from committing genocide , the Reagan administration "  got carried away with their own propaganda . They began to believe that Saddam Hussein could be a reliable partner . " Read once-secret U.S. documents 1990s : Bosnia Even extensive news coverage may not lead to intervention . During the violent breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s , the media reported on the Bosnian Serbs ' ethnic cleansing of Muslims : the siege of Sarajevo , the concentration camps , the use of rape as a weapon of war . It was like watching "  a color remake of the black-and-white scenes we 'd seen in World War II , " said U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke , whose Jewish grandfather fled Germany when Adolf Hitler came to power . Holbrooke was an early advocate for a U.S.-led military operation against the Bosnian Serbs . "  I took a stand that I believed was correct , " he told Amanpour . "  I did n't think it was so controversial . " But it would take three years -- and the massacre of 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the town of Srebrenica -- for Holbrooke to make his case within the Clinton administration . 1994 : Rwanda In Rwanda , where Hutu soldiers and militias massacred their Tutsi countrymen , the Clinton administration tried to avoid characterizing the ethnic slaughter as genocide . According to an internal memo , the State Department worried that under the 1948 Genocide Convention , using the term "  genocide " could force the U.S. "  to actually ` do something . ' " The head of the U.N. peacekeeping force in Rwanda , Canadian Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire , begged for additional troops . Instead of reinforcements , Dallaire got an order to withdraw completely . He would not leave Rwanda . "  I refused a legal order , " he told Amanpour , "  but it was immoral . " His tiny U.N. force was not enough to stop the slaughter of more than 800,000 people . 2003 : Darfur Some human rights advocates consider Darfur , the western region of Sudan , to be the scene of the first genocide of the 21st century . The atrocities in Darfur grow out of a civil war between rebels from Sudan 's African tribes and the country 's Arab-led government . In 2003 , when the rebels attacked government outposts in Darfur , a U.N. human rights monitor warned that in the "  escalating conflict , " Sudan 's government may be "  engaged in ... ethnic cleansing aimed at eliminating African tribes from Darfur . " At the time , world attention was on Iraq , where the United States was fighting to overthrow Saddam Hussein . The early warning on Darfur "  disappeared into a big hole , " according to Mukesh Kapila , then the U.N. 's top official in Sudan . Even when the U.N. Security Council put Darfur on its agenda , it took more than three years to authorize a robust peacekeeping force . "  There was no lack of information , " says activist Eric Reeves . "  There was a lack of will to stop genocide . " In July , the prosecutor at the International Criminal Court accused Sudan 's president of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity , charges Sudan denies . Read the ICC prosecutor 's charges  pdf How will history judge the world 's response to Darfur ? "  It will applaud the young people ... who believe in solidarity , " says Wiesel . "  It will certainly criticize the leaders of the world . " And the next time somebody screams bloody murder to stop a genocide , will anyone listen ? CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Andy Segal , Jennifer Hyde and Ken Shiffman contributed to this report .	December marks the 60th anniversary of the U.N. 's Genocide Convention A few strong voices have since tried to focus the world 's attention on genocide Each time they were shunned , ignored or told it was someone else 's problem CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled to the world 's killing fields to understand why
CNN  -- If you happen to browse upon a news story that 's too odd to be true Wednesday , hold your outrage and check the calendar . A Lebanese newspaper ran a caricature last year of two opposition leaders hugging in light of April Fools ' Day . It 's April Fools ' Day -- when media outlets around the world take a break from the serious business of delivering news and play fast and furious with the facts . No one quite knows when the practice began , but any journalist will point to what is undoubtedly the biggest hoax that any reputable news establishment ever pulled : A 1957 BBC report that said , thanks to a mild winter and the elimination of the spaghetti weevil , Swiss farmers were enjoying a bumper spaghetti crop . The segment was accompanied by pictures of farmers pulling strands of spaghetti from trees -- and prompted hundreds of viewers to call in , wanting to know how they could grow their own spaghetti trees . While not as elaborate , the pranks that media outlets harvested this year have been quite rich : The Guardian in London ran a story Wednesday announcing that , after 188 years as a print publication , it will become the first newspaper to deliver news exclusively via Twitter . Twitter , a micro-blogging site , allows users to post updates that are 140 characters long . In keeping with the limitation , the newspaper said it had undertaken a mammoth project to retool the newspaper 's entire archive . For example , Charles Lindbergh 's 1927 flight from New York to Paris , France , was condensed to : "  OMG first successful transatlantic air flight wow , pretty cool ! Boring day otherwise ... sigh . " The news is n't always black and white . The Taipei Times , one of three English-language dailies in Taiwan , fooled many readers with a report that two pandas donated by China to the Taipei Zoo were , in fact , brown forest bears dyed black and white . To render a whiff of authenticity to the story , editors made a reference to China 's tainted-milk scandal that sickened 300,000 people last year . But the story contained enough outrageous lines to clue in readers . Among them , a quote from a souvenir stand operator who worried the panda deception would affect sales of her "  stuffed panda toys , panda T-shirts , panda pens and notepads , remote-controlled pandas on wheels , caps with panda ears on top , panda fans , panda flashlights , panda mugs , panda eyeglass cases , panda face masks , panda slippers , panda wallet and panda purses . " Sometimes , of course , the pranks backfire . In Australia , the Herald Sun newspaper drew hundreds of angry comments Wednesday after a story on its Web site said a Chinese construction firm wanted to buy naming rights to the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground . Many readers did not realize the story was a hoax -- despite a quote from a spokeswoman named April Fulton . iReport.com : Share your best April Fools ' office pranks and jokes Geoffrey Davies , the head of the journalism department at London 's University of Westminster , said such pranks do not particularly affect the credibility of a news organization . "  They are done in a way that you know it 's a joke , " he said . "  In the Guardian story , for example , the clue is in the name of the journalist -LSB- Rio Palof -RSB- -- which is an anagram for April Fool . People look out for them really , and therefore , you kind of open the paper trying to spot the spoof story . " Of course , news outlets are n't the only ones who hoodwink readers on April 1 . The town of Rotorua , a popular tourist stop in New Zealand , said a rotten egg smell that permeates the town is such an aphrodisiac that Playboy founder Hugh Hefner wants to build a mansion there . Microsoft Corp. said it is releasing a new Xbox 360 video game , "  Alpine Legend , " which will do for fans of yodeling what "  Guitar Hero " did for rock music . And car manufacturer BMW announced in ads in British newspapers that it had developed "  Magnetic Tow Technology . " "  BMW Magnetic Tow Technology is an ingenious new system that locks on to the car in front via an enhanced magnetic beam , " the ad said . "  Once your BMW is attached you are free to release your foot from the accelerator and turn off your engine . " Steve Price , features editor of the Taipei Times , said such hoaxes are not only good for a laugh but serve a purpose . "  It highlights an important aspect of media that readers and viewers should keep a critical mind when they read stories or watch TV , " he said . "  I think that is especially true with the advent of the Internet and the proliferation of blogging . " The origins of pulling pranks on April Fools ' Day is unclear . Some believe it dates back to the time when the Gregorian calendar was first adopted , changing the beginning of the year to January 1 from April 1 . Those who still held on to the Julian calendar were referred to as "  April Fools . " Traditionally , the pranks are pulled before noon on this day . But a wildly successful prank this year was conceived and executed much earlier . Millions of Web users fell for a video that claimed to be the first flying five-star hotel in a converted Soviet-era helicopter . The 37-second clip , which was posted online Thursday , was an elaborate computer-generated hoax by the airport hotel chain Yotel . If you were one of the many who fell for the prank , hold your disappointment . You can still reserve rooms on the moon through Hotels.com or book flights to Mars through Expedia.com for $ 99 . But hurry . The offers end Wednesday .	If a news item seems especially outrageous on April 1 , it just may be a hoax Among the good ones already : The Guardian reportedly switches to Twitter format Taipei Times editor says , "  Readers and viewers should keep a critical mind "
CNN  -- IOC president Thomas Bach has condemned the "  despicable attack " on Volgograd which has raised fresh fears about security at the forthcoming Winter Olympics in Sochi . At least 31 people have been killed in two separate explosions Sunday and Monday within the space of 24 hours , with the main railway station and a trolleybus targeted . Volgograd is 690km from the Black Sea resort where the Winter Games is due to begin on February 7 , but it is a public transport hub where people traveling to Sochi by rail would likely use . Bach , set to take charge of his first Games since being elected to the top job at the International Olympic Committee in October , issued a strongly-worded statement Monday in reaction to the bombings . "  This is a despicable attack on innocent people and the entire Olympic Movement joins me in utterly condemning this cowardly act . Our thoughts are with the loved ones of the victims , " Bach said . "  I have personally written to the President of the Russian Federation , Vladimir Putin , to express our condolences to the Russian people and our confidence in the Russian authorities to deliver safe and secure Games in Sochi . "  I am certain that everything will be done to ensure the security of the athletes and all the participants of the Olympic Games . "  Sadly terrorism is a global disease but it must never be allowed to triumph . The Olympic Games are about bringing people from all backgrounds and beliefs together to overcome our differences in a peaceful way . "  The many declarations of support and solidarity from the international community make me confident that this message of tolerance will also be delivered by the Olympic Winter Games in Sochi . " Russian authorities have reacted to the attacks by stepping up security at major train stations and airports . No group has to date claimed responsibility for the attacks , but suspicion has fallen on Chechen separatist groups . The leader of one of the groups , Doku Umarov , has ordered rebels to target civilians outside of Russia 's North Caucasus and to disrupt the Winter Games . Sochi organizers told CNN that "  Games security is being managed by the authorities in a highly rigorous way . "  It will remain of paramount importance with an unprecedented level of planning and measures put in place over the last seven years . "  We are confident the Games in Sochi are going to be safe and comfortable for all . " The organizing committee of the 2018 Football World Cup in Russia said it was "  constantly reviewing " its security plans and said it was "  deeply saddened " by the incidents in Volgograd , which is set to host matches at its 45,000 capacity Central Stadium .	IOC president Thomas Bach condemns ` despicable ' attacks on Volgograd Has written to Russian president Vladimir Putin to send condolences Over 30 people killed in two attacks on public transport system Sochi Games organizers remain ` confident ' about safety of athletes and spectators
Some people think International Women 's Day , which comes right in the middle of Women 's History Month , is overdoing it . If "  underdoing it " were a phrase , it 's the one I would use . On most days in most months , most women and girls are n't able to raise their voices . Because no one knows the challenges they face , they 're forced to face them on their own . On International Women 's Day , however , we make a point of hearing the voices of every woman and girl . Today , we make sure that every woman and every girl counts -- literally . I 'm talking about a project that combines two of my favorite topics : women 's empowerment and data . The media sometimes call Bill and me "  data nerds . " I 'm not sure they mean it as a compliment , but I wear it as a badge of pride anyway . Data is not boring . If you use it right , it tells the hidden stories of millions of women and girls . That 's why the Gates and Clinton Foundations are teaming up to conduct a global review of the status of women and girls everywhere . Where they 're thriving -- and why . Where they 're being held back -- and why . This initiative is called No Ceilings : The Full Participation Project . The seed for this project was planted in 1995 at the Fourth World Conference on Women . That 's where Hillary Clinton gave her famous speech declaring "  women 's rights are human rights . " It 's also where 189 countries came together to agree on an agenda for women 's equality . Now , nearly 20 years later , it 's time to check in to see whether we 're meeting those goals . My husband Bill and I used a trove of data to drive our decision making at Microsoft , and we brought that mentality to our work at the foundation , though the data is much harder to come by when it comes to development . It 's troubling that it 's possible to produce precise reports about software sales in Kansas , but we have only rough estimates of how many mothers die during childbirth every year . Why is data an indispensible tool for improving the lives of women and girls ? First , it helps us make the case to world leaders that empowering women is n't just the right thing to do , it 's the smart thing . The data says that women spend 90 cents of every dollar they make on their children . They prioritize things like health care , nutritious food , and education . As a result , a child in a household where the mother controls the budget is 20 % more likely to survive -- and much more likely to thrive . Healthier , more educated children today means a stronger workforce tomorrow . I 've seen firsthand that this argument resonates with finance ministers -- even those who are otherwise skeptical about the need to invest in women and girls . There 's another reason data is so important . It helps us see where women and girls are being left behind , so we know where to target resources . For example , in the Indian state of Bihar , data showed that women were dying during childbirth at alarming rates and giving birth in hospitals at very low rates . In response , health officials decided to encourage women to give birth in hospitals and to improve the quality of care in delivery rooms . Now , our partners in Bihar are collecting data every six months to monitor their progress and adjust their strategies as necessary to keep getting better results . Above all , data is powerful because of the women behind it . We should never lose sight of the fact that every data point represents a mother , a daughter , or a sister . Every data point represents big dreams for the future . On a recent trip to Tanzania , I met women who had pooled their savings . With their shared funds , they bought chickens so they could sell eggs for extra income . When I asked them what they 'd use the money for , they all said : their children 's education . Their investments in their children were a monument to their hope for the future . All of these women could see a better life for their families -- and , as members of the savings circle , they could envision themselves helping create it . On this International Women 's Day , I hope you 'll take the time to learn more about women who are working hard to raise their voices . Pick a topic you care about -- maternal mortality , women 's economic participation , family planning -- and learn about the people whose lives it touches . As you read over the data , remember that the numbers you see tell the story of real women with real dreams . It 's up to us to make sure they count . And it 's up to us to keep the spotlight on them all year long . If we do , then by next International Women 's Day , we 'll have even more reasons to celebrate .	Melinda Gates : On International Women 's Day , make every woman count -- literally She says accurate data is crucial to assessing and meeting needs of women She says Gates , Clinton Foundations teaming for global review of women 's status Gates : Data key to showing world leaders that empowering women makes difference
CNN  -- The NBC sitcom "  30 Rock " lost some flight attendant fans after actor Alec Baldwin was kicked off an American Airlines flight when he refused to turn off his phone . The Association of Professional Flight Attendants requested Tuesday that the airline remove the show from all flights after last week 's incident at Los Angeles International Airport . Baldwin was booted off the flight because he refused to turn off his cell phone after the plane 's doors were closed for departure , the airline said . The actor was apparently playing "  Words With Friends , " a Scrabble-like online game . "  We fully support the flight attendants and the way they handled the situation , " spokesman Jeff Pharr said . "  The crew responded as they have been thoroughly trained to do so by the FAA as safety professionals onboard the aircraft . " Pharr added that the union would retract its petition if Baldwin issued an apology to the attendants . "  30 Rock , " meanwhile , continues to air on some American Airline flights in accordance with its standard programming procedures , airline spokesman Tim Smith said . The actor mocked American Airlines over the weekend during a cameo appearance on "  Saturday Night Live , " issuing an apology to himself while dressed as airline "  Capt. Steve Rogers . " NBC declined to comment on Tuesday 's petition . Last week 's incident prompted a flight delay and triggered a wave of comments on social media about the actor 's behavior . CNN 's Julia Talanova and Dan Verello contributed to this report .	Association of Professional Flight Attendants wants NBC show off all AA flights Star Alec Baldwin refused to turn off phone , prompting his removal from flight The incident delayed the flight at Los Angeles International Airport Baldwin later mocked the airline on "  Saturday Night Live "
CNN  -- Despite sporadic reports of violence , such as the deaths of 10 policemen in Mombasa , so far Kenyans have been keen to show a peaceful vote in the East African state . Many have taken to social media to show images of long , peaceful voting lines , proud voters with ink stained fingers , and politicians casting their votes . CNN asked Kenyans on Instagram , Facebook and Twitter to show their images from voting day , and were flooded with responses . Here are some of the best . Check out the Storify on mobile and send your election experiences to iReport . .	Millions of Kenyans voting in first elections since 2007 polls marred by violence Eight candidates are vying for the presidency Kenyans on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook have been documenting the largely peaceful vote
Boston  CNN  -- In the 14 years he lived as a drug addict , former NBA player Chris Herren had no shortage of moments that could have been his "  rock bottom . " The earliest may have come when he was only 18 , shortly after Sports Illustrated hyped the local star 's matriculation to Boston College . Herren -- then one of the most highly anticipated freshmen basketball players in the country -- left BC after only one game after a positive test for cocaine . Maybe it could have come a few years later , after he had transferred to Fresno State . Just days after one of the most brilliant games of his college career , he announced to a national audience at a news conference that he had once again failed a drug test . Or maybe rock bottom came in 2001 , when Herren 's family and friends joined the packed crowd at Boston 's Fleet Center to witness Herren fulfill his childhood dream of playing for the Boston Celtics . Even though he was in the starting lineup , Herren was nowhere to be found among the players warming up on the fabled parquet floor . Instead , he stood in full uniform outside the Fleet Center in the pouring rain , waiting on a dealer just moments before the game . Herren shot heroin into his veins before his mother 's funeral , bailed on his wife and newborn son in the hospital to get drunk , and even had to be brought back to life once after an overdose . But it was n't any one of these moments that finally motivated him to get the treatment he needed to overcome his addiction . Herren did not have one singular moment of rock bottom . "  Addiction is rock bottom " he said in a recent interview . "  I had 14 years of rock bottom . " Now three-and-a-half years sober , Herren looks back at those dark moments of his life with glib honesty and an almost macabre sense of gratefulness . Making that buy on a street corner in his Celtics uniform ? "  Just another normal day in the life of an addict , " he said . Using heroin before a game ? "  I could n't play without it in my system . " The overdose that almost killed him ? "  It was a blessing . " Burying his mother while he was on heroin ? "  When I tell the story about getting high before my mother 's funeral -- the looks of disgust people give me -- those looks mean everything to me now . " Opinion : Addiction is not hopeless Herren said those looks of disgust help him stay on the straight and narrow because he had never before been on the receiving end of such confrontational shows of disapproval . No one had ever looked him in the eye and told him what he already knew : that he was a junkie . "  I used to tell myself that I was no good all of the time , " he said . "  But it 's much harder to look someone else in the eye and say the same thing . " When Herren was finally ready to dedicate himself to getting clean in 2008 , he was met with a new challenge , one as daunting as kicking heroin , and one that he says helps perpetuate the cycle of addiction : the cost of effective treatment . "  Unless you have the very best insurance , you 'll only get eight or nine days , " he said . "  You ca n't expect someone to run the streets for 10 years and come out clean in 10 days . " Herren knew effective treatment for him was going to need to last more than 10 days , and because he squandered all of his earnings to feed his addiction over the years , he also knew there was no way he could afford to overcome it himself . That 's when Chris Mullin , his friend and former NBA mentor , emerged to give Herren the assist of a lifetime . Mullin , a Hall of Famer and a recovering alcoholic , arranged for Herren to spend nine months getting clean in the type of intensive rehabilitation that he knew Herren needed so badly . Although Herren still does n't know exactly how Mullin made that happen , he is sure of one thing : "  If it were n't for Chris Mullin and his family , I probably would n't be here . " It was his inability to access effective treatment , combined with his desire to repay Mullin 's kindness , that inspired Herren to launch his own nonprofit in 2011 . In one year , the Herren Project has already privately paid for more than 100 addicts to receive the treatment they otherwise could never have afforded on their own . Read more about addiction Effective treatment does n't come cheap . At Gosnold on Cape Cod , a place where Herren spent three of his nine months in recovery , treatment runs $ 17,500 a month , according to Gosnold CEO Raymond Tamasi . But that does n't deter Herren , who says that "  for some cases , we 've paid for three months if it 's needed . " As part of his work with his foundation , Herren crisscrosses the country , visiting high schools , colleges and prisons to tell his raw and jarring tale . In 2011 , ESPN Films wove together scenes from those assemblies for a documentary about him called "  Unguarded " that chronicled his rise and fall from stardom amid his descent and emergence from the abyss of addiction . That same year , Herren wrote "  Basketball Junkie , " a memoir in which he refuses to spare readers a single anguishing detail about his harrowing journey . But if anyone thinks Herren wasted his talent or his life , he does n't see it that way . "  People come up to me now and pity me , they call me a ` poor thing , ' " he said . "  I was a ` poor thing ' for 14 years . My life is second to none now . " That life is in Portsmouth , Rhode Island , these days , where Herren , 36 , spends his days marveling over the routine tasks of waking his children up for school every morning and putting them to bed every night -- a ritual he calls his proudest achievement . He also spends a lot of his time at a nearby gym , running his eponymous basketball clinics for boys and girls of all skill levels . Here is where Herren 's life has come full circle . He spent 14 years using basketball to fuel his addiction . Today , his basketball clinics also have another purpose , this time a positive one : It might look like he is teaching kids the mechanics of a jump shot , or a pick-n-roll , or a full-court press , but what he is really doing is teaching them to discover their self-esteem . And that 's something Herren did n't get around to doing for himself until he got sober .	Former NBA player Chris Herren struggled with drug addiction for 14 years He had many "  rock bottom " moments , including shooting up at his mother 's funeral When he decided to get sober , he was faced with expensive rehab Today , he runs a foundation to help others pay for effective addiction treatment
The mayors of two major cities have opted out of marching in their cities ' St. Patrick 's Day parades , in what they call a show of support for gay groups that have historically been excluded from the events . New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio will not march in Monday 's parade in Manhattan , and Boston Mayor Martin Walsh sat out Sunday 's parade in South Boston . "  I simply disagree with the organizers of that parade in their exclusion of some individuals in this city , " de Blasio said at a news conference last month . "  I will be participating in a number of other events to honor the Irish heritage of this city and the contributions of Irish-Americans , " he added . The former public advocate did not participate in the parade before becoming mayor , either . The New York City mayor hosted a St. Patrick 's Day breakfast at Gracie Mansion on Monday morning and attended Mass at St. Patrick 's Cathedral . Walsh made his last-minute decision Sunday , the day of the parade . "  I 'm disappointed that this year , I will be unable to participate in the parade , " he said early Sunday . "  As mayor of the city of Boston , I have to do my best to ensure that all Bostonians are free to participate fully in the civic life of our city , " he added . The South Boston Allied War Veterans Council , which organized the parade , said in a statement on its website that it is not opposed to LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  people ; it just does n't allow sexual orientation to be displayed . Organizers of the New York City parade did not immediately return calls for comment . Three of the country 's biggest beer companies have also withdrawn their sponsorships of this year 's St. Patrick 's Day parades because gay and lesbian groups are n't allowed to march openly . Sam Adams , owned by Boston Beer Co. , pulled out as a sponsor for the Boston parade Sunday , and Guinness and Heineken pulled their sponsorships from the New York City parade Monday . "  We believe in equality for all , " a Heineken USA spokeswoman said .	New York 's Bill de Blasio , Boston 's Martin Walsh back LGBT groups , wo n't participate De Blasio : "  I simply disagree with the ... exclusion of some individuals in this city " Walsh : I must "  ensure that all Bostonians are free to participate fully " in city civic life Three of the biggest U.S. beer companies have pulled sponsorship from parades
South African wines have long been appreciated by even the snobbiest of sommeliers , and now harder drinks from the country are also making a name for themselves . Spirits from South Africa are winning awards around the world , and a little more than an hour from Cape Town , lies a region -- rich in herbs and grain -- that could explain the secret to that success . "  The Western Cape I think is the ideal place to make spirits , " says Jeff Green , the process manager at the James Sedgewick Distillery , known for its Bain 's Cape Mountain Whisky -- the country 's first single grain whisky . "  We make whisky the same way as Scotland , " explains Green , "  but that is not necessarily the same throughout the world . You can get so many different flavors and styles . " Supplementary spirits And whisky is n't the only alcoholic fruit from this region . Even within the Western Cape there 's a variety of tastes from the grapes and the way they are distilled . Paarl is one area that has grown grapes for centuries , and is the home of prolific brandy makers KWV . "  We 've got the 12-year old , it 's one of my favorites , " explains Peadar Hegarty , marketing manager at KWV . "  You look at the color , it 's nice and amber , it 's got that nice glow to it . " Bitter brandy Though brandy-making has been a main endeavor , the company is branching out . "  Brandy in South Africa actually carries a bit of stigma , " Hegarty explains . He says that at its peak South Africa produced 55 million liters , but that has now declined to less than 30 million liters . "  That volume has practically gone almost completely into whisky , " says Hegarty . This shift is partly due to aspects of the drink that ca n't be tasted . Hegarty says South African consumers are looking for the image associated with high quality -- and they are willing to pay for that . When brandy failed to take off with these drinkers , the company turned to cognac -- a bold move considering the drink can only come from France . "  Really , the only difference between cognac and brandy is the region it comes from , " says Hegarty . "  To be called a cognac , your grapes have to be picked in Cognac , in the western region of France , and you 've got to bottle and mature in Cognac . So what we did is we formed a unique partnership with a cognac house and now we 're the first South African company to brand and then sell Cognac . " But in bringing the South African touch to Cognac , KWV is n't just trying to offer new bottles and tastes . The company 's CEO , Andre van der Veen , is focused on broadening their consumer base . "  You can start with a three-year old KWV brandy , but you can drink all the way up to a 30-year-old and then we got a cognac , " Van der Veen explains . "  We want to give people an experience for any drinking occasion , " he continues . " -LSB- It is -RSB- not for every pocket , but for every occasion there should be a product which you could enjoy . " Wide whisky world Bringing the celebrated French drink to South Africa may be one way for a South African brand to grow its market share , but some South African whisky makers are looking to other markets for growth . "  We are slowly exporting , " explains Green from James Sedgewick Distillery . "  In Africa , it 's quite exciting for us , we see Bain 's -LSB- whisky -RSB- having a huge potential there , and we also are releasing small volumes in Canada and the UK . " And there is some evidence forays into foreign territories could prove successful . The South African "  Three Ships " bourbon was awarded a gold medal at this year 's China Wine and Spirits competition , the first South African whisky to do so . But if brands like these want to make a dent in the wider African market , they are going up against big competition . According to the Scotch Whisky Association , exports of Scotch to Nigeria increased by 34 % to # 6.6 million  $ 10.3 million  in the first half of this year . But this is n't the only African country enjoying a sip of the golden nectar . Exports to Kenya in the same period jumped by 89 % to # 253,386 and the Senegalese market grew 68 % to # 326,386 . In fact , Daniel Mettyear , market analyst at International Wine & Spirit Research , describes the South African whisky market as "  miniscule " in the global picture , making up just 0.21 % of global exports in 2013 . "  While South African whisky has been growing in recent years it has almost exclusively been taking place in South Africa , " he explains . "  Producers like Distell are beginning to export to the rest of sub-Saharan Africa and this may be the one region where South African whisky can enjoy some success . However ... this will be limited by competition from Scotch , U.S. and Irish Whiskey at the top and cheap but hugely successful Indian Whiskies at the bottom . " Small scale production Yet , such questions of worldwide expansion are less of a worry for some of South Africa 's enthusiastic independent producers chasing that perfect blend rather than bumper profits . Part botanist , part foodie , Rodger Jorgensen makes gin , absinthe , vodka and more on the fringes of the Haweqwa Nature Reserve . "  We are blessed with a wonderful climate ample water here in the Western Cape so it 's like a growth paradise , " Jorgensen explains . "  What we try to do is to allow our products that come through our hand on process , to actually express that and we want to represent where we live ... people are drawn to that and we try and keep our offering as fresh and as varied as we possibly can . And that in itself is a joy . " More from Marketplace AfricaRead this : Fish farm links Lesotho with Japanese chefsRead this : Seychelles seeks beach-goers	Climate conditions make the Western Cape well positioned to grow grain for South Africa once produced 55 million liters of brandy , but it has declined to less than 30 million liters In the year ending June 2014 , Scotch exports to South Africa fell by 10 % South African whisky made up 0.21 % of global exports in 2013
CNN  -- Former President Clinton published a list of donors to his foundation Thursday to help clear the way for his wife to become secretary of state . Bill Clinton speaks to at the Clinton Global Initiative conference in Hong Kong in early December . The donations to the William J. Clinton Foundation include amounts of $ 10 million to $ 25 million from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and real estate mogul Stephen Bing , a personal friend of Clinton 's . The Clintons came under intense pressure during Hillary Clinton 's campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination to release the names of donors to both the foundation and to the Clinton presidential library in Arkansas . Bill Clinton agreed to the release the list after President-elect Barack Obama nominated Hillary Clinton to become secretary of state . The governments of Kuwait and Qatar are also on the list , as is Saudi businessman Nasser Al-Rashid , who has close ties to the Saudi royal family . Saudi Sheikh Mohammed H. Al-Amoudi , reputed to be one of the richest men in the world , is among the donors as well . Both Saudis contributed in the $ 1 million to $ 5 million range . A group called Friends of Saudi Arabia and the Dubai Foundation appear in the same category . Indian businessman Lakshmi Mittal also donated between $ 1 million and $ 5 million , as did the Elton John AIDS Foundation , the Princess Diana Memorial Fund and the Open Society Institute , which George Soros founded . Israeli-born television mogul Haim Saban , owner of the Spanish-language TV station Univision , donated between $ 5 million and $ 10 million personally or through his foundation . The two biggest donors are UNITAID , a new international organization that purchases drugs for the world 's poorest people , and the Children 's Investment Fund Foundation , both of which donated more than $ 25 million . Clinton donated between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million personally or through his family foundation , which is separate from the William J. Clinton Foundation . The foundation 's projects include the Clinton Global Initiative , which seeks to combat poverty and climate change and promote health and education programs worldwide , as well as separate initiatives directed at childhood obesity , global warming , HIV/AIDS and malaria , inner city entrepreneurship and economic growth in Latin America . It also funded the construction of the Clinton Presidential Library in Arkansas . The full 2,922-page list is at www.clintonfoundation.org/contributors . It includes only donation ranges , not specific amounts , and no information about donors beyond their names . CNN 's Elise Labott , Dugald McConnell , Juan Carlos Lopez and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report	Kingdom of Saudi Arabia gave between $ 10 million and $ 25 million Bill Gates , Univision TV owner also gave millions Kuwait and Qatar governments are also on list Clinton agreed to release list to help nomination of wife as secretary of state
CNN  -- The videos , pictures and tweets are chilling . A picture of a girl dangling limply from the arms of two young men . Other boys , laughingly saying the girl had to be dead because she did n't flinch as her body was violated . An alleged rape , made into a joke . The images and social media messages are at the heart of criminal charges against two high school football players accused of sexually assaulting an underage teenage girl during a series of end-of-summer parties in August . Both boys are charged with rape . One also is accused of "  illegal use of a minor in nudity-oriented material . " Their trial before an Ohio juvenile court judge is scheduled for February 13 . CNN is not identifying the girl , who is a juvenile , in accordance with its policy not to release the names of alleged rape victims . The alleged attackers also are juveniles , but they have been identified by a judge in court , by defense attorneys and in newspapers and other media reports as Trent Mays and Ma ` lik Richmond , both 16 . The case has attracted the attention of bloggers and even Anonymous , a loosely organized cooperative of activist hackers . Anonymous has released information about the town and the football team and is threatening to release more unless everyone comes clean about what happened that August night . "  The town of Steubenville has been good at keeping this quiet and their star football team protected , " an Anonymous member wearing the group 's trademark Guy Fawkes mask says in a video posted to the group 's LocalLeaks website . The organization , he says , will not allow "  a group of young men who turn to rape as a game or sport get the pass because of athletic ability or small-town luck . " The girl was assaulted the night of Saturday , August 11 , and early the next morning , according to authorities . Involved , according to authorities , were members of the Steubenville High School football team , demigods in the small , down-on-its-luck town along the banks of the Ohio River . A website dedicated to the team counts down the seconds to their return next fall . Police got involved on August 14 , when the girl 's mother came forward to report the alleged assault , according to Steubenville police Chief William McCafferty . The family provided a zip drive showing a Twitter page , possibly with a photo , the chief told CNN . A kidnapping charge was dropped by the Juvenile Court judge at a probable cause hearing last October , said McCafferty and Mays 's attorney , Adam Nemann . "  My client asserts his innocence , and he looks forward to his day in court , " said Nemann . At an October hearing , attorney Walter Madison , who is representing Richmond , raised questions about the alleged victim 's actions that night , according to CNN affiliate WTOV . On August 27 , the same day authorities charged the two defendants , Jefferson County authorities asked for help from the attorney general 's office in investigating and prosecuting the case . Interviews and witness statements led to the arrests , McCafferty said . "  What we want is to be able to show the citizens of Jefferson County that everything that can be done in this case is being done , and if that means eliciting the help of these people from the attorney general 's office , then that 's what we want to do in this case , " county prosecutor Jane Hanlin told WTOV at the time . By that time , images and messages from that night had made their way around social media . Crime blogger Alexandria Goddard , a former Steubenville resident , discovered and preserved many of the messages , at least some of which are now in the hands of authorities . She first spotted the story in the small town 's newspaper and started looking into the situation on a hunch that the highly regarded football team 's members were getting special treatment at the expense of the victim . "  When I first came across the article , I just felt like -- because it was involving football players , and there is a culture there that football is very important , that there was probably a little more to this story than what the local media was reporting , " she told CNN Thursday . "  So I started doing my own research . " One image circulated online and posted on a website maintained by Anonymous showed the girl , dressed in a T-shirt and blue shorts , her body limp , being held hand and foot by two males who appear to be teenagers . Text messages posted to social networking sites that night seemed to brag about the incident , calling the girl "  sloppy , " making references to rape and suggesting even that she had been urinated on , according to Goddard . CNN has not been able to establish whether this is true . In one 12-minute video , posted by Anonymous on Wednesday , one teenager makes joke after joke about the girl 's condition , saying she must have died because she did n't move during one assault . Anonymous and others in the video identified the teen by a name that does n't match the two who were charged , but CNN can not independently confirm his identity . "  Is it really rape because you do n't know if she wanted to or not , " the teenager says on the video . "  She might have wanted to . That might have been her final wish . " Other male voices can be heard off-camera , laughing and talking about the alleged assault . McCafferty said he can not say who shot that video . "  The subject in that video was interviewed . He was n't charged , " the chief told CNN . "  The attorney general 's office has all this . It appears to me after I watched the video he was intoxicated . " The New York Times reported that a cell phone photo from that night shows the girl naked on the floor . Roughly 11 cell phones and a couple of iPads were seized during the investigation , said McCafferty , adding he was not involved in retrieving evidence from the electronic devices . McCafferty said "  there was evidence on some of the phones . " A special unit with the attorney general 's office is doing the work , the chief said . McCafferty said there was a report of a video showing the alleged attack , but authorities do n't have it or know whether it exists . The attorney for the girl 's family told CNN that the girl is in counseling and is "  doing as well as one can expect . " "  She 's trying to go about her life right now , which is difficult because of all the media attention , " said family attorney Robert Fitzsimmons . "  It 's as if she 's just flown into this barnstorm . She 'll make it through . " The case is now in the hands of special prosecutors under Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine . DeWine said that the case is being aggressively prosecuted and remains under active investigation . "  We want to make sure that there is no stone left unturned , " he said . "  We want to make sure that every one in the community really feels that justice has been done and that all the information does in fact come out . " The parents of one teenager named on Goddard 's blog sued her for defamation and sought to have those who anonymously commented on the blog about the case publicly identified . The family has since dropped the lawsuit , according to court documents . Meanwhile , Anonymous says it is collecting detailed information about the personal affairs of football boosters and others in the town of 18,000 who the group claims may have helped cover up the attack . It 's also planning a protest "  to help those who have been victimized by the football team or other regimes . " The group has already hacked the website of the local football fansite and says it will release the information if people do n't come forward to help the investigation . "  My heart goes out to the victim , " DeWine said . "  The victim continues to be victimized every time something shows up on the Internet . There 's nothing I can do about that , but it is very , very sad . " CNN 's Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Ohio state authorities are investigating an alleged rape Two teens are scheduled to be tried next month The alleged victim is "  doing as well as one can expect , " her lawyer says Images and messages about the alleged crime spread on social media
New York  CNN  -- New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is asking state legislators to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana that are in public view . Saying the aim was to avoid unnecessary misdemeanor charges against thousands of New Yorkers -- "  disproportionately black and Hispanic youth , " according to a statement from the governor 's office -- the legislation "  brings consistency and fairness " to New York 's marijuana laws . "  There is a blatant inconsistency . If you possess marijuana privately it is a violation , if you show it in public it 's a crime . It 's incongruous . It 's inconsistent the way it has been enforced , " Cuomo told reporters at a press conference in Albany on Monday . In 1977 , New York 's legislature reduced the penalty for possessing 25 grams or less of marijuana to a non-criminal violation carrying a fine of no more than $ 100 for first-time offenders -- as long as the marijuana was in private possession and not in public view . If the marijuana is out and viewable in public -- as it might be when someone is asked to empty his or her pockets during a so-called police "  stop and frisk " -- it becomes a Class B misdemeanor . Selling and smoking or burning marijuana is still a crime , and Cuomo is not suggesting changing that . "  The statute as currently written unnecessarily subjects tens of thousands of people to criminal arrest and prosecution for very small quantities of marijuana , " said New York State Assembly member Hakeem Jeffries . "  The overwhelming majority of people who have been arrested as a result of the way that the statute is currently written come from the black and Latino community , " Jeffries said , adding that statistics and studies show that marijuana possession and use "  is far more racially diverse . " According to data released by the governor 's office , 2,000 arrests for small amounts of marijuana were made in 1990 . In 2011 , over 50,000 arrests were made . Fifty percent of those arrested were under 25 years old , and 82 % were black or Latino . Less than 10 % were ever convicted of a crime . "  The human costs to each defendant charged with a misdemeanor are serious , " said Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. , supporting Cuomo 's proposal . "  The simple and fair change proposed by Gov. Cuomo will help us redirect significant resources to the most violent criminals and serious crime problems , and , frankly , it is the right thing to do . " According to the governor 's office , 94 % of arrests for small amounts of marijuana in the state are in New York City , and Mayor Michael Bloomberg , the New York Police Department and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly have come under fire in recent years for the department 's much-criticized "  stop and frisk " policy . Bloomberg wants to ban large sodas "  Overly punitive charges have a harmful effect on our justice system . They can ruin lives , waste taxpayer money on unneeded trials , and breed distrust between communities and law enforcement , " said Gabriel Sayegh , New York state director for the Drug Policy Alliance . Last year Kelly issued a policy order directing officers to issue violations , rather than misdemeanors , for small amounts of marijuana discovered during street searches , and Monday , Bloomberg issued a statement in support of Cuomo 's comments . "  The governor 's proposal today is consistent with the commissioner 's directive , and strikes the right balance by ensuring that the NYPD will continue to have the tools it needs to maintain public safety -- including making arrests for selling or smoking marijuana , " he said . "  Thanks to the NYPD , our city has come a long way from the days when marijuana was routinely sold and smoked on our streets without repercussions . " At the press conference Monday , Kelly said , "  I was asked to respond to criticism by some members of the  City  Council that the Police Department was making , quote , ` too many ' arrests for small amounts of marijuana . And my response to them , was , ` Well , your option is to go to Albany and get the law changed ' -- better that than having New York City police officers turn a blind eye to the law as it was written , and as it is still written . "	A 1977 law makes private possession of 25 grams or less a non-criminal violation But if the marijuana is publicly visible , the same amount is a Class B misdemeanor Cuomo is asking that small amounts even in public view be decriminalized Selling and smoking or burning marijuana would still be a crime
A doctor who has devoted years to aiding gang-rape victims in the conflict-torn Democratic Republic of Congo has been given Europe 's top human rights award , the Sakharov Prize . Denis Mukwege has dedicated years to providing a rare sanctuary for rape survivors in Bukavu , in the east of his homeland . Many travel hundreds of miles to have their physical and psychological wounds healed at the Panzi Hospital he founded . Rape is used as a weapon of war in the region , making his services crucial . The gynecologist is thought to have operated on more than 40,000 women since setting up his hospital during the 1998 war in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo . During the worst periods of the conflict , it was estimated that one woman was raped every minute in the country , a European Union news release announcing the award said . The conflict in his country may officially be over , but the armed conflict in eastern DRC continues , and instances of gang rape are all too common . The prestigious Sakharov Prize is awarded by the European Parliament , a directly elected body that represents some 550 million people across the continent . It includes prize money of 50,000 euros  about $ 63,500  . Mukwege : ` Abhorrent barbarism ' In a statement posted on the website of the Panzi Foundation USA , Mukwege said that he had received the news of the award "  with humility " and that his thoughts were with the victims and survivors of sexual violence around the world , particularly in his own country . He thanked the European Parliament for shining a spotlight on the "  horrific and abhorrent barbarism " that plagues eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and called for united action to bring peace , justice and democracy to the troubled region . "  We think about those who fight against stigma and social exclusion , those who fight for justice , and for their rights , " he said . "  The Sakharov Prize is a strong signal , telling the women they have not been abandoned to the barbaric fate . It tells them that the world listens to them . It is a message of encouragement and hope for all those who struggle for their human rights , for peace and democracy in the DRC and all over the world . " European Parliament President Martin Schulz said the body 's leaders had decided unanimously to grant the prize to Mukwege "  for his fight for protection especially of women . " Mukwege continues to perform surgery two days a week as well as managing the hospital and traveling overseas to advocate for women 's rights , the EU said . ` Worse than leprosy ' At the Panzi Hospital , many women are treated for vaginal fistula -- a muscular tear caused by violent rape -- and are also given counseling and treatment for the psychological repercussions of their experiences . Mukwege thinks that fistula , which causes incontinence , is one of the worst conditions a woman can experience . "  A fistula is dramatic for a woman , " he told CNN in a 2009 interview . "  Everywhere she goes , people do n't want to be around her and reject her , so it 's a disease that is worse than leprosy . " The women at Panzi Hospital view Mukwege as a father . "  I may be the only one to whom they can express what they feel , " he said . "  Sometimes it 's important to help them heal psychologically and tell them : ` You are not destroyed . They wanted to destroy you , but you are still a woman . You are a woman , and you need to be strong . ' " In February of this year , Mukwege was awarded the Hillary Rodham Clinton Award for Advancing Women in Peace and Security . He was also seen as a contender for this year 's Nobel Peace Prize . It was in fact awarded to children 's education campaigners Malala Yousafzai , who won the Sakharov Prize last year , and Kailash Satyarthi .	Denis Mukwege thanks European Parliament for spotlighting sexual violence He says the prize "  is a strong signal , telling the women they have not been abandoned " The Congolese doctor set up a hospital in 1998 to treat survivors of gang rape The Sakharov Prize is the top human rights award given by the European Parliament
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Turkey on Thursday recalled its ambassador to the United States and warned of repercussions in a growing dispute over congressional efforts to label the World War I era killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces "  genocide . " The U.S. House Committee on Foreign Affairs passed the measure 27-21 Wednesday . President Bush and key administration figures lobbied hard against the measure , saying it would create unnecessary headaches for U.S. relations with Turkey . Turkey -- now a NATO member and a key U.S. ally in the war on terror -- accepts Armenians were killed but call it a massacre during a chaotic time , not an organized campaign of genocide . The full House could vote on the genocide resolution as early as Friday . A top Turkish official warned Thursday that consequences "  wo n't be pleasant " if the full House approves the resolution . "  Yesterday some in Congress wanted to play hardball , " said Egemen Bagis , foreign policy adviser to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . "  I can assure you Turkey knows how to play hardball . " Asked about Ambassador Nabi Sensoy 's recall after the news broke , a State Department spokesman said he could not confirm it . "  People are sometimes called back for consultation ; sometimes they 're called back for other reasons , " said spokesman Tom Casey . "  If they wanted to bring their ambassador back for consultations or do something else , that is their decision . I certainly think that it will not do anything to limit our efforts to continue to reach out to Turkish officials , to explain our views , to engage them on this issue and again to make clear that we intend to work on this with Congress . " Casey and White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said they both would like to see the resolution withdrawn without a vote by the full House . However , Casey said , "  I do n't think anyone is expecting that to happen at this point . " Democratic leaders said earlier if the Foreign Affairs Committee passed the resolution , they intended to bring it to the House floor . Watch why the resolution stirs strong emotions " The House was not in session Thursday because of the funeral of Rep. Jo Ann Davis of Virginia , who died Saturday . Members may vote on the resolution Friday . House Foreign Affairs Chairman Tom Lantos , D-California , was unmoved by the Turkish government 's protests . "  The Turkish government will not act against the United States because that would be against their own interests , " he told CNN . "  I 'm convinced of this . " But Armed Services Committee Chairman Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , sent a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi opposing the resolution , and said the backlash threatened by Turkey could disrupt "  America 's ability to redeploy U.S. military forces from Iraq , " a top Democratic priority . Turkey , a NATO member , has been a key U.S. ally in the Middle East and a conduit for sending supplies into Iraq . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday that good relations with Turkey are vital because 70 percent of the air cargo sent to U.S. forces in Iraq and 30 percent of the fuel consumed by those forces fly through Turkey . U.S. commanders "  believe clearly that access to airfields and roads and so on , in Turkey , would very much be put at risk if this resolution passes and the Turks react as strongly as we believe they will , " Gates said . Bagis said no French planes have flown through Turkish airspace since a French Parliament committee passed a similar resolution last year . He said the response to the U.S. might not be the same , but warned if the full House passes it that "  we will do something , and I can promise you it wo n't be pleasant . " Bagis spoke to reporters while in Washington to attend a meeting of the Carnegie Endowment . In a statement on his Web site , Turkish President Abdullah Gul said the resolution was "  unacceptable " and "  does n't fit a major power like the United States . " In a letter to Bush , Gul warned "  in the case that Armenian allegations are accepted , there will be serious problems in the relations between the two countries . " "  We still hope that common sense will prevail and that the House of Representatives will not move this resolution any further , " the Turkish Foreign Ministry Web site said . The vote was also strongly criticized by Turkish newspapers , The Associated Press reported . "  Bill of Hatred , " said Hurriyet 's front page , while Vatan 's headline read "  27 Foolish Americans . " Casey said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice requested calls with Erdogan and Gul and planned to speak with the Turkish foreign minister about the issue later Thursday . State Department spokesman Sean McCormack issued a statement expressing "  regret " for the committee 's action , warning the resolution "  may do grave harm to U.S.-Turkish relations and to U.S. interests in Europe and the Middle East . " The nonbinding House resolution said the deportation of nearly 2 million Armenians from the Ottoman Empire between 1915 and 1923 , resulting in the deaths of 1.5 million of them , amounted to "  genocide . " Turks strongly reject the genocide label , insisting there was no organized campaign against the Armenians and that many Turks also died in the chaos and violence of the period . Sensoy said the resolution 's passage would be a "  very injurious move to the psyche of the Turkish people . " He predicted backlash and setbacks on several fronts : Turkish-American relations , Turkish-Armenian relations and the normalization of relations between the nations of Turkey and Armenia . The resolution 's sponsor , Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , said the measure already had 226 co-sponsors , more than enough votes to pass "  and the most support an Armenian genocide resolution has ever received . " A similar resolution passed the committee by a 40-7 vote two years ago , but it never reached the full House floor . The resolution arrives at a particularly sensitive point in U.S.-Turkish relations . The United States has urged Turkey not to send its troops over the border into northern Iraq to fight Kurdish separatist rebels , who launched some cross-border attacks against Turkish targets . Observers of U.S.-Turkish relations have argued the House resolution could make Turkey less inclined to use restraint in dealing with its longstanding problems with the Kurdistan Workers Party , known as the PKK . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Elise Labott and Joe Sterling contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Top Dem on defense says resolution could hinder redeployment from Iraq Turkish Ambassador Nabi Sensoy will head home after U.S. House panel vote Vote calls killing of Armenians during World War I genocide Condoleezza Rice set to call Turkish leaders to express "  deep disappointment "
CNN  I 've been in disaster management long enough to know that there is really no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event . As the Boston Marathon runners begin and , hopefully , finish their exhausting run Monday , the lingering memories of the 2013 marathon blasts will be seen and felt in all sorts of ways . More public safety officials throughout the route , a finish line area that prohibits large bags , National Guard members in full uniform giving some sense of security -- those are the most obvious , visible changes . And there are less obvious ones too . With the luxury of some time and healing , the city has moved on . And that is a blessing . In the midst of that weeklong tragedy -- the bombings , the manhunt , the lockdown and eventual capture or killing of the Tsarnaev brothers -- we thought we knew what was going on . But we were too much in the midst of our own situational awareness , the fog of war . Sometimes it takes years to determine what in fact occurred and to write a narrative that reflects a multitude of voices and opinions . That narrative is just forming , and it 's worth going back to highlight some of the more strategic lessons that came out of that week . As a former homeland security adviser for Massachusetts , I was intimately involved with the marathon planning ; as a commentator for CNN , I saw the story evolve during that week . Some of these lessons learned are informed by the luxury of time and hindsight , others by various after-action reports and assessments , and others by the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , in which a jury found him guilty of multiple counts . On Tuesday , the trial 's sentencing phase will begin , determining whether he will receive the death penalty . In national security circles , there is often a debate about whether the U.S. judicial system is well equipped for terrorism trials . Terrorism , the argument goes , is different from traditional crimes , and our system of evidence and cross-examination and the promise of counsel are not appropriate to transnational threats . Even if this argument were valid in some context -- where terrorists were picked up on battlegrounds abroad and evidence against them might be difficult to obtain -- the Boston Marathon trial made clear that the system does work . What was amazing about a trial filled with so much emotion is that it was relatively unemotional . Prosecutors presented evidence . Defense attorneys challenged the witnesses . The defendant chose not to testify . A verdict was rendered . Its simplicity not only vindicated the capacity of our constitutional system to handle these cases , but also took the mythology  maybe even the romanticism  of terrorism out of the case . It rendered Tsarnaev a common criminal . And that was a statement worth making . Recent reports about the shootout in Watertown that Friday night in 2013 show a disorganized and often unnecessarily dangerous response during the manhunt . It is truly remarkable there were not more significant friendly fire casualties beyond the wounding of Massachusetts Transit Police Officer Richard Donohue as more and more police officials came to the town and failed to fall into place in what should ideally be a very delineated command structure . Maybe it was adrenaline , maybe it was just the nature of the weapons . What is clear -- in Watertown and in so many other police departments -- is that our police officers are not adequately trained for the kind of weapons that they have now . That is a dangerous gap , and too many police departments are failing to address it . We have a notion of "  Boston Strong " coming from the attacks and the city 's response . I never loved the term , mostly because it makes it seem that our ability to bounce back was because we have Puritan stock and a kick-ass attitude . That is only partially true . We risk believing that responses to tragedy are simply a matter of personal reflection and a "  keep calm " persona . I have come to believe that what united us as a city was based on the competency of the response . The quick decisions to move runners off Boylston Street , the ability of police officers to seal the large crime zone and to utilize the military to do so , the pivot of public health officials from tending to blisters and dehydration to forming makeshift triage centers . It is worth remembering that not a single person of the hundreds who were transported to hospitals died ; the three fatalities occurred at the bombing site only . One part of the response that does n't get enough mention is the focus on family unification immediately after the attacks . Runners had no access to phones , and often had no identification . Family members of runners often did n't know where their loved ones were on the marathon route . First responders , in particular the Boston police and the Red Cross , focused on getting families back together again by moving runners and spectators to Commonwealth Avenue , a few blocks from the finish line . Once family members know that they are with loved ones , the trauma subsides . They often leave the scene , freeing up space and capacity so that public safety can focus on more immediate needs . Crisis planning must continue to focus on the one aspect that will matter most to those in a disaster : Is my family OK ? Obviously , there is so much more to learn . Could the bombing have been avoided ? What would have happened if the FBI had shared information it had on the Tsarnaev family with local police ? What if family and friends had alerted authorities to the growing radicalization of the brothers ? It 's "  woulda , coulda , shoulda " but still essential . One of the reasons it is crucial to go back and draw these lessons is n't simply for blame , but to get better for the next time . Analysis and criticism are necessary to make us stronger and more resilient . But do not believe that we are done learning . Looking back can be risky ; it 's often called the "  blinding clarity of hindsight " because everything looks so obvious in the rearview mirror . But I have no doubt that at future anniversaries , what we know today will be altered and reformed and a new narrative might be written . And maybe the best way to remember today is to commit to a constant willingness to learn from this tragedy in all the years ahead .	Boston Marathon takes place Monday , two years after bombing , and sentencing phase of trial begins Tuesday Kayyem : It was n't the Puritan ethic but good disaster response that kept the marathon bombing from being even worse
London  CNN  -- British lawyer Mark Lewis said Thursday he is preparing to take legal action on behalf of three clients who believe their phones were hacked while they were in the United States . One of his clients is a U.S. citizen , he told CNN , but he declined to reveal their identities . Lewis said he would meet with U.S. lawyers face-to-face in New York next week to discuss the cases . Among the other attorneys is Norman Siegel , a former head of the American Civil Liberties Union . Lewis said he had not yet approached News Corp. , whose now defunct News of the World newspaper has been accused of hacking the voice mail of crime victims , politicians , celebrities and veterans in search of stories . News International , the British publishing arm of News Corp. , declined to comment on the matter . Lewis represents dozens of individuals in the U.K. who say their phones were hacked by Murdoch 's newspapers . They include the family of Milly Dowler , a missing teenager whose voice mail was allegedly hacked by News of The World before she was found murdered . Public outrage over the claims led News International to shut down the best-selling Sunday tabloid in July . Allegations also emerged that families of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as relatives of 9/11 victims , had been targeted , and police officers bribed . Police in London are investigating the hacking claims , as well as suspected corruption involving public officials . Last year Lewis told CNN he was "  looking to pursue legal action on the basis of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in the United States , whereby a holding company can be liable for practices outside the jurisdiction where the offense is said to have taken place . " "  Proceedings will be issued in the U.S. where we will seek information from the company 's directors about those issues and about corporate governance . " The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , enacted in 1977 , makes it illegal for a U.S. citizen or company to pay foreign officials to obtain or retain business . Potential liability flows from journalists at News of the World to its parent , News International , and to that company 's parent , News Corp. , which is a publicly held company in the United States , and runs Fox News . News Corp. is owned by media baron Rupert Murdoch , who last year answered questions before a British parliamentary committee looking into press conduct . He also made a personal apology to the parents of Milly Dowler , saying the behavior of News of the World had been "  abhorrent . " CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Lawyer Mark Lewis says he is about to take action in the U.S. on behalf of 3 clients One of those clients is a U.S. citizen , he says Lewis represents dozens of people in the UK who say their phones were hacked by Murdoch papers The phone hacking scandal led to the closure of the UK 's News of the World newspaper
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  On Day Six of Nepal 's tragedy , life triumphed as rescuers pulled an 15-year-old from the rubble of a multistory residential building in one of Kathmandu 's hard-hit neighborhoods . A large crowd erupted in cheers as Pemba Tamang was carried out on a stretcher . He was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace , was blanketed by dust and had the look of a deer in the headlights . His rescuer , Inspector Lakshman Basnet of the Nepalese Armed Police Force , said Tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury . He was given an IV drip and rushed from the Gongapur area to a temporary emergency hospital run by an Israeli aid team . The Nepalese rescuers had been working for five hours to locate Tamang after they heard his voice coming from under the debris . Also Thursday , a U.S. special operations forces team rescued 30 people , including three Americans , by helicopter from an area of Nepal called Bamboo Village , according to the U.S. ambassador to Nepal . The group was trapped in the village and living in a makeshift shelter , Ambassador Peter Bodde said . The families had contacted the U.S. government to let officials know where their relatives were stuck , he said . They had no other way to get out of the area , Bodde said . An American disaster response team was also involved in the rescue of the 15 year old boy . The team was at a nearby damaged bus station when it got word that someone might be alive . Andrew Olvera , the head of the U.S. team , said his men rushed over with search dogs and equipment ranging from breaching tools to sophisticated cameras that can probe under the rubble . He said the operation carried enormous risk , as chunks of the collapsed building hung precariously on rebar . Entire floors of what used to be people 's homes were visible -- ceiling fans and beds still draped with cotton sheets . It was a mountain of loss and sorrow . "  It 's dangerous , but it 's what we do , " said Olvera , who has a daughter and twin 11-year-old boys . "  It 's risk versus gain . To save a human life , we will risk almost everything . "  The way the building is , it 's definitely a miracle , " he said . Tamang cried for water in a muffled voice . He had been buried for five days under a building that pancaked . He dodged death because of a motorcycle that shielded him from the pressure of the concrete and steel , according to Basnet . And , Basnet said , he "  survived by good faith . " Dennis Bautista , who went down to where Tamang was buried to administer medical aid , called the rescue amazing . "  It feels good to be able to help out . I ca n't imagine what he went through , " Bautista said . "  He is a brave young man . " Basnet said once he got closer to Tamang , he tried to reassure him that he would be OK . "  I gave him water and talked to him regularly , " Basnet said . After Tamang was rushed to the hospital , the US Agency for International Development team continued the search . The possibility remained that someone else might have survived , like Tamang . Other search and rescue teams continued to scour through Kathmandu 's rubble Thursday . They are looking for survivors from the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake that struck Saturday , killing at least 6,134 people and wounding almost 14,000 , according to Nepali authorities . Another 72 people were reported dead in India and 25 in China . In Nepal , 19 of the deaths occurred on Mount Everest , where the quake triggered deadly avalanches . Despite the disaster , Nepali authorities plans to reopen routes up the mountain as soon as next week . Teams are clearing paths and and rebuilding ladders , Tourism Ministry spokesman Krishna Sapkota told CNN on Thursday . Officials are encouraging people who have already received permission to climb this season to go ahead with their plans . As the chances dimmed for finding people alive in the wreckage left by the quake across Nepal , Tamang 's rescue boosted hopes for all those who still have loved ones and friends missing . Other people have been saved from under collapsed buildings in previous days , including a 27-year-old man on Tuesday and a 4-month-old boy on Sunday . The Nepali military also released a photo of a dust-caked 11-year-old girl who they said was rescued Wednesday after 90 hours under the rubble . The rescuers , meanwhile , have no intention of giving up looking for more . The 2010 earthquake in Haiti , Olvera said , revised the benchmark for what was thought possible for survival . A man there was miraculously pulled from the rubble after 27 long days . 360-degree view of earthquake zone CNN 's Sugam Pokharel contributed to this report .	Death toll rises to more than 6,100 Pemba Tamang , 15 , shows no apparent signs of serious injury after rescue U.S. special forces helicopter 30 , including 3 Americans , to safety
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Violence in the restive western Chinese region of Xinjiang has left 35 people dead , state media reported , but overseas Uyghur groups questioned the official version of events . Frequent outbreaks of violence have hit Xinjiang , a resource-rich region where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . The latest bout of unrest took place early Wednesday in the remote township of Lukqun , about 250 kilometers southeast of the regional capital of Urumqi , Chinese state-run media reported . "  Knife-wielding mobs attacked the township 's police stations , the local government building and a construction site , stabbing people and setting fire to police cars , " state-run newspaper China Daily reported , attributing the information to officials with Xinjiang 's regional committee of the ruling Communist Party . The official broadcaster CCTV posted pictures of burnt out cars in front of a police station whose facade was singed black in places . Twenty-four people were killed by rioters , including 16 Uyghurs and two police officers , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Police shot and killed 11 rioters and captured four others , who were wounded , the news agency said . Xinhua called the event a "  terrorist attack , " a common description by Chinese authorities for violence in Xinjiang involving Uyghurs . Doubts raised "  The official reports , however , must be questioned in view of the inability to independently verify this narrative , " said the World Uyghur Congress  WUC  , a Germany-based Uyghur advocacy group . The WUC said it had tried to gather more information about the events , but "  all Uyghur telecommunications have been shut down " in Turpan , the prefecture where Lukqun is situated . The China Daily article did n't say what had caused the riots , and Xinjiang government officials did n't respond to phone calls from CNN seeking comment . Efforts to reach people and businesses in Lukqun were unsuccessful . The state-media account of what happened also did n't mention the ethnicity of those involved in the riots . But the WUC suggested that Chinese authorities ' use of the standard term "  knife-wielding mobs " to describe the rioters was an indication they were Uyghurs . It called upon authorities "  to independently investigate the incident and its root causes , and to alleviate the legitimate concerns of Uyghurs so as to avert such incidents in the future . " The Uyghur American Association said it "  urges the international community to exercise caution over details " of the events . Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Wednesday that the ministry was "  seeking information from relevant departments " on the matter . Simmering tensions Uyghurs have complained of discrimination by the Han Chinese and harsh treatment by security forces in Xinjiang , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . The worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting between Uyghurs and Han Chinese left around 200 people dead and 1,700 injured in Urumqi . That unrest was followed by a heavy crackdown by security forces . Tensions have continued to simmer . In April this year , clashes killed 21 people in Xinjiang 's Kashgar Prefecture . Regional government officials called those events "  a terrorist act " carried out by "  mobsters , " an account that overseas Uyghur groups disputed . "  The increasing frequency with which these incidents occur illustrates the PRC 's reticence to address the root causes of the tensions that are escalating , " the WUC said , using an abbreviation of People 's Republic of China . "  There is an ever pressing need for the PRC to afford linguistic , cultural and religious freedoms , as well as ceasing politically-motivated arbitrary detentions , enforced disappearances and extra-judicial killing , in order to alleviate the recurrence of these needless and avoidable events , " the group said . CNN 's Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : Fatalities include 16 Uyghurs and two police officers State media say "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked government buildings But Uyghur advocacy groups express doubts about the official account Ethnic tensions exist between Han Chinese and Turkic-speaking Uyghurs
CNN  -- It 's perhaps the unanswered questions after Brandon Goode 's death that will haunt his parents the most . "  Words do not exist to express the measure of our sorrow and sadness , " Ricke and Connie Goode said in a statement issued Wednesday to CNN affiliates WESH and Central Florida News 13 . "  Whether mental illness , substance abuse or something else , we are a family searching . " Brandon Goode , 18 , and Alexandria "  Alex " Hollinghurst , 17 , both of Davenport , Florida , are accused of fatally shooting a police officer before apparently committing suicide . Windermere police Officer Robert German called for support after witnessing Goode and Hollinghurst -- who had been reported missing -- walking along a street early Saturday . But when backup arrived , German was found lying on the ground , suffering from a gunshot wound , according to Polk County authorities . German , 31 , was later pronounced dead at an Orlando hospital ; the teens ' lifeless bodies were discovered under brush not far from where German had been shot , county authorities said . A five-year veteran with the Windermere Police Department , German had just returned to the force after being on "  light-duty status " following surgery for an injury he suffered several months ago , Windermere Police Chief David Ogden said . "  All he wanted to do is be a cop , " the chief said . "  Officer German was a good cop . He was one of the finest police officers that we had in this agency . " The days leading up to the celebrated officer 's death weave a complicated web that has left investigators puzzled over what happened . Just two days before the shooting , the two teens ran away from home , leaving only letters behind for their families to find . "  To my loving parents , I am sorry for all the pain and misery I have brought you both , not just now but from these past few years as well , " begins Brandon Goode 's note , hand-written in neat , even letters . "  I do n't want to go through life knowing because of my mistakes that I amounted to nothing and was there fore  sic  a disappointment . Do n't take that as me putting the blame on you because that is the furthest thing from the truth . Both of you have been so amazing with your constant help and support through my life . " Goode was arrested earlier this year for possessing alcohol while underage and possession of marijuana and had been arrested in 2012 for an aggravated assault on his mother , according to incident reports from the Polk County Sheriff 's Office . "  I love you with all my heart , " the letter reads . "  Please do n't be sad , this is what I want now , I get to die peacefully with the woman I love , the woman of my dreams , my fiancÃ ©  yes we were engaged !  . I miss you both so much already . " Hollinghurst penned loving missives addressed to her sister and father , but to her mother , she directed a bitter letter that suggests the two had a turbulent relationship . "  Thank you , for trying to talk and understand me after me being honest , after trying to fix things , thank you for turning a conversation about depression and suicide into something about you , " the letter says . "  If I had stayed another minute I would have painted the walls and stained the carpets with my blood , so you could clean it up . " Once the letters were found , the couple 's parents called police to alert them to the teens ' disappearances . Using cell phone tracking technology , Kissimmee police officers found the two parked in Goode 's car . When the officer asked Goode to step out of the automobile , he "  cranked the vehicle , put the vehicle in drive and sped away , " according to a Polk County Sheriff 's Office incident report . Later that day , Kissimmee police filed a warrant to charge Goode with resisting a law enforcement officer without violence and reckless driving . The next day , German encountered the duo , stopped them and called for assistance , police say . The responding deputies found German "  lying on the roadway , mortally wounded , " the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said . The deputies performed what is called a tactical rescue , using a patrol car to shield their fallen comrade . That 's when they heard two gunshots . Upon searching nearby woods , Orange County sheriff 's deputies found Brandon Goode and Alex Hollinghurst dead , lying in some brush , from what are believed to be self-inflicted wounds . Windermere , just west of Orlando , is known for its luxurious homes and close-knit community . German 's death profoundly affected its residents . "  Windermere 's heart is broken . I had the opportunity to spend some time with his family this morning , and one thing that his mother shared with me was how he loved to be an officer and how he loved working for Windermere , " Mayor Gary Bruhn said in a news conference this week . "  There 's a real hole in our hearts right now . " A law enforcement processional and memorial service to remember German will be held Thursday . Goode 's parents acknowledged the tragedy in their statement . "  We can not comprehend the senseless loss of Officer German 's life , the death of Alexandria Hollinghurst and for our family , the loss of our 18 year old son , Brandon , " the note says . "  Our deepest sympathy and our heartfelt prayers go out to the friends and family of Officer German . We are so , so sorry to them for what happened and they will be forever in our prayers . We know a community grieves and like everyone else in our community , we ourselves are struggling to understand this most horrific tragedy . We have no answers , only questions . " Teen killed after shooting several people , including ATF agent , police say Teen accused of killing father and brother with help of friends	Police responded to a report of an officer shot and heard more gunshots during rescue Nearby , authorities found the bodies of Brandon Goode , 18 , and Alexandria Hollinghurst , 17 Goode and Hollinghurst had both left suicide letters ; one of Hollinghurst 's was scathing Chief : Robert German was "  one of the finest police officers that we had in this agency "
CNN  -- Poaching tourists from the trendy tango bars of Buenos Aires or the glamorous beaches of Rio de Janeiro would be a tall task for most cities . But the Chilean capital , Santiago , is looking to do just that by encouraging travelers passing through on business to stay and uncover its potential as a hip South American destination . Chile has become one of the continent 's leading locations in which to do business in recent years . Foreign investment increased by 80 percent in 2011 alone , totaling $ 12 billion for the year according to Daniel Pardo , director of SERNATUR , the Chilean tourism ministry . As a result , the number of foreigners coming into the country for trade purposes has increased along a similarly sharp upward curve . This surge has been concentrated mainly in Santiago , Chile 's nerve center and economic engine room , and it 's here that Pardo and the country 's tourist board spy an as yet untapped opportunity . "  Hopefully by bringing out those business people that are coming here for a week to do their jobs  they will  stay for the weekend and enjoy the country , " Pardo told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  There 's a lot of interest in coming to Chile , " he adds . "  And we 've seen it in our numbers , with a 60 percent growth in tourism this year . " See also : Exploring the mystery and beauty of Chile Travelers who take up the invitation to hang around will find a variety of parks , churches and museums which offer a wealth of easily accessible tourist sites -- ideal for the culture vulture with a couple of hours to spare . For those with a little more time on their hands meanwhile there is even more to explore and experience around the city 's outskirts and beyond . With the Santiago business traveler in mind , CNN asked Lonely Planet 's Bridget Gleeson , co - author of Lonely Planet Chile and Easter Island Travel Guide , to lend her expertise in selecting the city 's best spots . In the city Santiago offers an intriguing mix of both the modern and the classic . Historic sites such as the Catedral Metropolitana contrast sharply against the rowdy Mercado Central fish market , which offers "  a colorful attraction for photographers and foodies alike , " says Gleeson . Touring the city 's downtown district on foot is a particularly nice way to explore Santiago , she adds , while the nearby Centro Cultural Palacio La Moneda museum plays host to the finest Chilean modern art . Other Santiago highlights include Museo de la Moda  Museum of Fashion  in the Vitacura district -- which includes famed items such as John Lennon 's jacket and the famous "  cone bra " Jean Paul Gaultier designed for Madonna -- and the 300 meter high San Cristobal lookout point . Valparaiso The picturesque seaside resort of Valparaiso is a UNESCO world heritage site and a heaving modern port that is integral to Chile 's vast export industry . See also : Singapore on a stopover A little under two hours from Santiago by road , the town is perched atop a dozen or so hills which offer spectacular vistas out across the Pacific Ocean . Vistors can "  tour  the Chilean poet and author  Pablo Neruda 's charming hilltop house , La Sebastiana " or "  board one of Valparaiso 's 15 antique ascensores  elevator cable cars  ... to take in vibrant street art and stunning views over the ocean , " says Gleeson . Those on a quick stop-off before heading back to Santiago however may make the most of their time by taking "  a quick boat ride from Muelle Prat  harbor  to get a feel for the city , " Gleeson advises . Observatories With an average of more than 330 cloudless nights per year , Chile is a near perfect natural laboratory for astronomers and stargazers . It is for this reason the country will host 68 percent of global astronomy infrastructure by 2018 , according to the national government . But you do n't have to be an acolyte of Alfred Hubble to enjoy the sparkling contents of the Chilean night sky . The Paielan Observatory in the Maipo Valley is just 50 kilometers from Santiago and is surrounded by a spectacular , unspoilt nature reserve . A world class restaurant on the premises meanwhile serves up the latest in contemporary Chilean cuisine , enabling visitors to enjoy fine dining under the stars . Wine regions Chile is a major exporter of wine and visiting some of its fertile vineyards is a rite of passage for many a connoisseur . See also : Making the most of wine at 35,000 feet Almost 17 million people drink a glass of Chilean wine every day and the country is the world 's largest grape exporter . "  Many travelers opt to visit a few wineries with a specialist like Uncorked Wine Tours , " says Gleeson . These customized tours include an English-speaking guide , visits to three wineries and a leisurely lunch in wine country . Those looking to go it alone on a wine-tasting odyssey meanwhile can reach some of the lesser visited wineries in the Santiago region by public bus in little over an hour . If you 're planning an independent visit , Gleeson warns however , it is wise to log onto the wineries ' websites to find out about specialty tastings , picnics , and additional activities before setting out . Stina Backer contributed to this story	Santiago aims to become one of South America 's leading tourist destinations by wooing business travelers Chile is already one of the continent 's leading locations in which to do business Santiago offers an intriguing mix of the modern and historic , including idyllic churches , museums and parks
CNN  -- Mourners flooded social media with messages of grief following the death of Brittany Maynard , who took her own life Saturday in the face of a debilitating brain cancer . "  Happy to see that Brittany Maynard ended her journey in the dignified way she 'd hoped to . RIP , " tweeted Austin Wintory , typical of the majority of the sentiments . "  I truly believe Brittany had a major purpose in this life , " Cathy Reidy of New York wrote in the guest book on Maynard 's obituary on Legacy.com . "  She shed light on an issue that leaves America thinking . " Criticism after Maynard 's death was muted , but people who oppose assisted suicide had made their feelings known earlier . Maggie Karner , a woman with the same brain cancer , posted an October 29 open letter to Maynard on YouTube . "  All of us are feeling your loss , your pain , " Karner said . "  Nobody is judging , but people are watching . " Karner compared Maynard to someone standing on a ledge , threatening to jump . Normally , people on the ground urge the person not to jump and remind them of reasons to live , she said . "  What would happen if our society decided to yell to that ledge jumper , ` Yeah , you 're right , there is n't a better way . Go ahead , ' " Karner asked . In an article published October 10 on the Federalist website , Karner wrote that Maynard may have wanted to control when she died but "  As for my cancer journey , circumstances out of my control are not the worst thing that can happen to me . The worst thing would be losing faith , refusing to trust in God 's purpose in my life and trying to grab that control myself . " Karner is scheduled to appear Monday night on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Maynard wrote CNN opinion piece Maynard addressed the issue of choice last month in an opinion piece written for CNN . "  I would not tell anyone else that he or she should choose death with dignity , " she said . "  My question is : Who has the right to tell me that I do n't deserve this choice ? That I deserve to suffer for weeks or months in tremendous amounts of physical and emotional pain ? Why should anyone have the right to make that choice for me ? " Maynard died Saturday in Oregon , according to an obituary posted on her website . The pretty , just-married 29-year-old had turned herself into the newest face identified with the assisted suicide movement by talking openly about her plans to die . She left with an upbeat message at the end of the obit . "  It is people who pause to appreciate life and give thanks who are happiest , " she wrote in her final message . "  If we change our thoughts , we change our world ! Love and peace to you all . " Opponents cite religious reasons People who voiced opposition to assisted suicide often gave religious reasons . For instance , Pamela Couvrette , who has a painful disease , posted an open letter to Maynard on October 12 on her blog , Guarding the Deposit . "  When I die it will be on His timetable and by His method despite my weak moments when I am hoping that day will come sooner rather than later , " wrote Couvrette , who identifies herself as a former atheist . Couvrette wrote that she has hyperacusis , which "  makes normal everyday noises very painful . " "  Suicide has been an answer to some in my situation , " Couvrette wrote . "  I want to tell you why it 's not an answer for me . " In a discussion thread on Reddit , a poster going by Forestpixie blasted "  religious families that insist on us keeping their dead body family member alive . " "  I think this really speaks to their ignorance of science and medicine , " Forestpixie wrote . "  They refuse to accept what 's really going on , and want to believe their loved one is still in there  they 're not  , and that perhaps by some miracle they will return to perfect health . " ` Her comments bothered me ' Another Reddit poster questioned the use of the word "  brave " to describe Maynard . "  I saw someone say something like : ` if she is brave for killing herself , then what are the thousands of cancer patients that fight to the death ? ' I kind of understand the sentiment , but at the end of the day , when you think about it , why ca n't both decisions be brave ? And who ... are we to decide what is brave and what is n't ? " One Reddit poster questioned Maynard 's decision to go public . Wrote SitYoureLegosTheir : "  Her comments bothered me as they seemed to try and justify HER need but dismiss that of other sufferers she deemed to not have a valid reason to end their life . " In the Twitterverse , two posters were less ambivalent : "  Any way you look at it , suicide is wrong because it does not end suffering , it ends hope , " tweeted ZEFFeREEN . "  Brittany Maynard ... W / THE HELP OF FAMILY & FRIENDS , SUICIDE IS MURDERING YOURSELF & A ACT AGAINST GOD 'S LAW MAKING YOU WRONG !!!!! " tweeted Jesse Joseph Realmo . Lisa Moreno of Fayetteville , North Carolina , posted a goodbye to Maynard on her obit guest book page . "  Farewell Brittany I know u are with the angels in heaven I know u are at peace now u will be missed . "	Brittany Maynard , a death-with-dignity advocate , took her own life Saturday People mourning Maynard filled social media with expressions of grief A woman with a similar brain cancer writes that she 'd never consider suicide Reddit poster says assisted suicide critics display "  ignorance of science and medicine "
CNN  -- Before she was even born , Micaela Bryan already had her own Twitter handle . Now just over 18 months old , she has more than 12,000 online followers . Some of them are among the biggest names in sport , including Serena Williams and Novak Djokovic . The top-ranked tennis duo have both had star billing on @micaelabryan -- and Djokovic is quite the regular guest . "  Uncle Rafa " might have been the early inspiration , but his on-court rival "  Uncle Nole " has made a serious play for her affection . "  Every time Novak sees her it 's really funny , he 'll say , ` Micaela , my little buddy , how are you doing ? ' and he 'll go and give her a hug , " her mom Michelle Bryan told CNN 's Open Court . "  And if she does n't give him what he wants , like a good response , he 'll say , ` You 've forgotten about me already . ' " But Micaela will never forget Djokovic . When she grows up she 'll have a permanent record of her encounters with Serbia 's favorite sporting son -- it 's all documented on social media . "  My wife masterminded it , " says Bob Bryan , one half of the most successful men 's doubles partnership in tennis history . "  She got @micaelabryan before she was born and I did n't even know about it , and then we got this picture with Nadal in Miami when he was just walking through the corridor toward the locker room and he kneeled down and took a picture with her . "  He says as a joke , ` Let 's put it on our Twitter account , ' and we put it on and woke up the next day , she had something like 750 followers . "  So it was kind of born right then . We were like , ` Now she has all these fans we 've got to keep them happy , ' so we just kept getting pics with stars . " The biggest "  get " so far is undoubtedly Roger Federer , the record-setting 17-time grand slam champion of the men 's game , who was pinned down at the 2012 French Open . "  He 's one of those guys , sometimes at tournaments you do n't see him he 's so busy , " says Bob of the Swiss superstar , himself a father of two young girls . "  He does n't stay at the player hotel ... you might catch him in the locker room . But we saw him hanging out at the French . He was so nice , he 's like , ` Take one this way , let 's try this one , ' doing lots of little poses . Micaela loved him and that was a high-five moment for sure . " Bob and his twin brother Mike have had plenty of "  high-five moments " on the court in the past year -- or , to be more accurate in their case , "  chest-bumping moments . " By winning Wimbledon in July , they became the first doubles team to hold all four grand slams and the Olympic title at the same time -- and success in their home U.S. Open this weekend would create history as they would own all four majors in a calendar year . Only one other partnership has achieved it -- Ken McGregor and Frank Sedgman in 1951 -- but the Australians did so before the advent of the professional Open era in 1969 . On Monday the identical twins needed to save two set points in the opening set in a 7-6  9-7  6-4 victory over the British pairing of Colin Fleming and Jonathan Marray . Though doubles is considerably lower profile than singles competition , the 35-year-old brothers have both earned more than $ 10 million in tournament prize money on top of their endorsement deals . And both are acutely aware that , to capitalize on their playing success , they need a strong online presence . Bob  @Bryanbros  has almost 110,000 Twitter followers , Mike  @Bryanbrothers  has nearly 75,000 , their Facebook page has just passed 45,000 likes and they also have an official website . "  When companies are deciding between two athletes , they 'll pick the one that 's got the most followers or is more active on social media . They 're looking at players that give them that extra marketing pop , " explains Bob . "  It 's really important for the athletes to stay connected with the fans , they really appreciate it . It 's good for promoting yourself and promoting your sport . I think companies now really understand and appreciate the value of an athlete who has a big social reach . Watch : Twin trouble for Pat Cash "  In our contracts now -- clothing , shoes rackets -- it 's all built in , the number of tweets we have to send , the number of times you have to post on Facebook . " Although he has nowhere near the online following of Nadal and Federer , who both have upward of 10 million followers on Facebook alone , Bob says he was one of the first regular tennis tweeters -- and now many players use it to communicate during the downtime of touring life . "  I had a birthday  in April  and Novak Djokovic wrote me a direct message on Twitter -- it 's a way we stay connected . It 's getting away from email and texts and going towards Twitter and Facebook . "  It 's one of the big reasons why I decided to put my daughter on it -- it 's just another way to stay active and be creative with it . I do n't like to just post pictures of rackets , so if I meet someone cool , or go to an interesting place ... " Micaela , too , is getting to see the world . And she 's being primed for a life in tennis -- already boasting a racket deal "  after a long 16 months of negotiations " according to a post on her Twitter page in June . "  I played tennis my whole life so I would love for her to play tennis , because for me it was amazing , " says mom Michelle , a lawyer who played the sport at college . "  I developed mentally , I think I benefited from it growing up , all my friends played tennis -- the culture is something I want her to experience as well . But ultimately it 's up to her . " Micaela may still be getting to grips with her nascent tennis swing , but she 's already a dab hand with technology -- though more often than not it ends up in her mouth . "  She 's a genius with the iPhone , she loves it . She 's got the swiping down , " says Mike , as he retrieves his mobile from the baby before it receives a terminal dribbling . "  We love having her on the road . That 's the only way Bob would do it . He wants to see her develop and grow up , and we 've seen her first steps , we see her roll over for the first time . And I 'm a good babysitter -- I ask for $ 100 and I 'll do it . " Life on the tour can be a grind , but having a baby on board can alleviate some of the stress . "  She does n't care if we win or lose , so it keeps things in perspective , " says Bob . "  We lost a tough one in Monte Carlo and had seven match points . We would n't usually talk for a few days , but she comes running at us , gives us a hug and laughing , she does n't care . " Micaela may soon have company on the circuit -- Michelle is pregnant again . And the brothers have no intention of quitting yet . "  We 're still having fun , we 're eager , we still have some goals left , " says Mike . Bob : "  We 're perfectionists , I still do n't think we 're playing our best tennis . There 's stuff we can improve and you want to get to that level before you shut it down . "	Baby daughter of tennis star Bob Bryan has become a big hit on the internet Micaela Bryan had her own Twitter account set up before she was born last year She now has more than 12,000 followers , including the biggest names in tennis Micaela travels with the Bryan brothers and has snaps from all aorund the world
CNN  -- Opponents of health care reform have reached the brink of intellectual bankruptcy . With no original ideas or solutions , they 've now resorted to bringing out a tried-and-tested bogeymen in a last-ditch attempt to derail much-needed legislation . Of course , I 'm talking about trial lawyers . Somehow , the fringes of the GOP have made health care about trial lawyers and medical malpractice . Instead of focusing on how to fix our broken health care system , opponents of real reform would rather limit the legal rights of injured patients . Talk about misguided priorities . Medical negligence affects real people . The Institute of Medicine found , 10 years ago , that up to 98,000 people die every year from preventable medical errors , and countless more are severely injured . This is like two 737s crashing every day for an entire year . If air travel were this unsafe , would we blame the passengers or the airlines ? But instead of working to create a better , safer health care system , some have decided that casting injured patients aside is an easier route to go . Last time I checked , this bill is supposed to be about health care , not bargaining away people 's rights . Tort law changes are not a new or novel idea . Forty-six states have passed some kind of tort reform -- our research finds about 36 of them have some sort of cap on damages -- yet costs have continued to skyrocket . Instead of saving money for consumers , tort reform has served as a sop to the insurance industry , allowing them to make record profits off the backs of doctors and patients . On average , doctors ' premiums are actually higher in states that cap the amount of damages patients or families can receive , compared with states without such caps , according to the Medical Liability Monitor . Just look at Texas and California , frequently mentioned as "  models " for tort reform despite having the most Draconian anti-patient laws in the nation . Both states impose caps on damages , a cruel and unjust way to value one 's life . A patient who has been disfigured , blinded , or lost a limb is worth almost nothing under their respective state laws . The same applies to children , the elderly , and homemakers -- because they do n't have any "  lost wages , " the cost of bringing a case is almost equal to the maximum amount they can recover , putting justice out of reach . And how is health care in Texas and California today ? They both lead the nation in the number of uninsured , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation , and have the most expensive health care markets , It has n't lowered costs or covered the uninsured , but prevented people injured through no fault of their own from seeking justice . Hardly a "  model " the rest of the nation should follow . The health care bill passed by the House  Section 2531  provides states with incentive payments for instituting certain malpractice pilot projects ; caps on damages or attorney 's fees do not apply , as they have clearly been miserable failures for patients in California , Texas , and elsewhere . But that wo n't stop health care reform opponents in the Senate from proposing similar ways to limit patients ' legal rights , even though it 's been shown time and again to not lower costs , cover the uninsured , or improve patient safety . Lawmakers should ask families devastated by medical negligence what they think about so-called "  tort reform . " Blake Fought , 19 , had just recovered from an illness and was ready to go home when a nurse improperly removed his central line IV . Because of the improper procedure , bubbles of air entered Blake 's brain , heart and blood vessels . In front of the nurses and his own parents , who were there to take their son home , Blake asphyxiated and died . Or ask the Gourley family , whose son Colin has cerebral palsy from negligence that happened during his birth . He could not speak until he was 5 , and has been through numerous surgeries because of orthopedic issues . After a jury determined that Colin was a victim of medical negligence , caps in that state cut his verdict to a quarter of what he will need . Colin will be forced to rely on state assistance for the rest of his life . What 's surprising to many is that there are hardly any medical negligence suits in the first place -- less than 1 percent of the whole civil docket . While up to 98,000 people die every year from medical errors , and countless more are injured , only one in eight ever files suit . A 2006 Harvard study found that 97 percent of claims were meritorious , debunking the idea there 's an influx of "  frivolous " suits . It 's perplexing why this one issue -- making up only half a percent of all health care costs -- serves as red meat for such rabid health care reform opponents . But when one does n't have substantive , constructive solutions to fixing health care , it 's easier to create straw men and cast aspersions . If you want to put the trial bar out of business , start with decreasing the number of unnecessary deaths and injuries from preventable medical errors . Not only will that lower costs and lead to healthier patients , but also mean fewer people seeking legal recourse . Instead of limiting the rights of injured patients , institute safeguards to ensure their health and well-being in the first place . Next time you hear a baseless attack on trial attorneys or calls for "  tort reform , " remember what health care is all about : patients . And restricting patients ' legal rights wo n't make anyone safer or healthier , nor will it lower costs or cover the uninsured . It 's just another desperate distraction in a debate that has seen its fair share of off-the-wall rhetoric and political theater . With all the deaths each year from preventable medical errors , this is not a topic that warrants foolishness and nonsense . There is simply too much as stake . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Tarricone .	Tarricone : Health bill foes using scare tactic of tort reform to stop needed change Institute of Medicine finds up to 98,000 people die each year from medical errors , he says Tarricone : Harvard study found 97 percent of claims meritorious , debunking suits are "  frivolous " He writes : Instead of limiting injured patients ' rights , take steps to ensure their health
CNN Student News  -- November 5 , 2014 In the U.S. midterm elections , who was projected to win , who was projected to lose , and how does CNN make its projections anyway ? These are three of the questions answered on today 's edition of CNN Student News ! We 'll also show you how a robot could change the landscape of security , and we 'll explore two unusual records in the game of golf . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
The start of the multiple murder trial of James Holmes -- the man accused of shooting dead 12 people inside an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater -- has been set for October 14 , a courts spokesman said . Arapahoe County District Judge Carlos Samour set the trial date for Holmes , according to Colorado state courts spokesman Rob McCallum . Earlier this month , the same judge ordered an additional , independent sanity examination for Holmes that must be filed by July 14 . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Holmes , who is accused of opening fire in a packed movie theater during a July 2012 midnight showing of the latest Batman installment , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Authorities have said Holmes was dressed head to toe in protective gear . He allegedly threw tear-gas canisters in the theater and then opened fire on the patrons , according to witnesses . Police say he used several weapons , including an AR-15 rifle , before fleeing the theater . Outside the theater , the shooter was apprehended , identifying himself to police as "  The Joker , " one of Batman 's archenemies . He faces 166 charges tied to the rampage . He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . Prosecutors have argued that Holmes began plotting the attack while enrolled as a neuroscience doctoral student at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz Medical Campus , a program he left a month before the mass shooting . The defense , meanwhile , appears to be focused not so much on what Holmes allegedly did that night but his mental state then and earlier .	A Colorado judge sets an October 14 trial date for James Holmes Holmes faces 166 charges tied to a mass shooting at an Aurora movie theater Authorities have claimed that he plotted out the attack well in advance The defense has centered around Holmes ' mental state
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistan Taliban 's No. 2 leader was killed in a drone strike Wednesday in the country 's tribal region , a local tribal official and an intelligence official confirmed to CNN . He was Wali-Ur Rehman Mehsud -- second in command to Hakimullah Mehsud , the militant group 's leader . The Pakistan Taliban 's spokesman told CNN he could neither confirm nor deny the information . The sources said Rehman was killed along with his close aide , Fakhar-ul-Islam , and two Uzbek nationals whose identities the sources did n't know . Opinion : Pakistan vote the first step on a long road This is the same strike reported earlier by intelligence officials in Pakistan , who said seven people were killed and one other was injured in the attack at a compound near the town of Miranshah in the North Waziristan district . Rehman was wanted by the United States on suspicion of being involved in the December 2009 suicide bomb attack that killed seven CIA employees at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan , according to a publication by the U.S. National Counterrorism Center . The publication described him as the Pakistan Taliban 's No. 2 leader and chief military strategist , and said he participated in cross-border attacks in Afghanistan against U.S. and NATO personnel . The United States has long conducted drone strikes in its fight against suspected Taliban and Pakistani jihadist groups in Pakistan near the Afghan border . This one is the first known hit since Pakistan held general elections on May 11 and since President Barack Obama announced his new counterterrorism policy last week . The last reported drone strike in Pakistan was in mid-April . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that he could n't confirm reports of Rehman 's death , but he said the militant was wanted for the Khost incident and mentioned his participation in attacks . "  It 's important to note who this individual is , " he said . Carney read a portion of Obama 's counterterrorism speech that laid out standards for taking action . "  In the Afghan war theater , we must support our troops until the transition is complete at the end of 2014 . That means we will continue to take strikes against high value al Qaeda targets , but also against forces that are massing to support attacks on coalition forces . However , by the end of 2014 , we will no longer have the same need for force protection , and the progress we have made against core al Qaeda will reduce the need for unmanned strikes , " Carney said , reciting the address . Core al Qaeda is a reference to the terror group along the Afghan-Pakistan border . Opinion : 9 myths about drones and Guantanamo Drone strikes have become controversial and unpopular because they have killed civilians , and Pakistan has said it has "  serious concerns " over the latest attack . Pakistan , which describes itself as a front-line state in the fight against terrorism , said it has "  consistently maintained that the drone strikes are counterproductive , entail loss of innocent civilian lives , have human rights and humanitarian implications and violate the principles of national sovereignty , territorial integrity and international law . " When Obama discussed drone strikes last week , he said they must be used with more temperance and caution , but they remain a necessary tool to take on terrorists . By The Numbers : Drones "  It is a hard fact that U.S. strikes have resulted in civilian casualties , a risk that exists in all wars , " Obama said . "  As commander in chief , I must weigh these heartbreaking tragedies against the alternatives . To do nothing in the face of terrorist networks would invite far more civilian casualties . " Nawaz Sharif , the Pakistani politician who is expected to serve as the next prime minister , has said he plans to address the unrest in his country . Talks with militants such as the Pakistan Taliban should be taken seriously , he has said . Taking on militants in Pakistan The United States , in its fight against terrorism , has been using drones to go after militants it calls high-value targets . The Long War Journal , a website that tracks , reports and analyzes the U.S. fight against terrorists , said the United States has launched 14 drone strikes so far this year . Opinion : Add morality to list of drone victims "  The number of strikes in Pakistan has decreased since the peak in 2010 , when 117 such attacks were recorded . In 2011 , 64 strikes were launched in Pakistan , and in 2012 there were 46 strikes , " the journal said . The strikes have been confined mostly to North and South Waziristan , the journal said , with 322 of the 339 strikes recorded since 2004 occurring in those two tribal regions . Obama and other U.S. officials have stressed that al Qaeda 's core in Afghanistan and Pakistan is being degraded . In his speech , Obama said al Qaeda in that region is "  on a path to defeat . " Asked how many high-value targets like Rehman are left in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region , Bill Roggio , the Long War Journal 's editor , estimated the number is at least in the dozens , including members of the Pakistani Taliban . "  Al Qaeda has replaced its top leadership , often using seasoned Pakistani jihadists from the cadre of Pakistani terror groups , " Roggio said , citing such militant movements as Harakat ul Mujahideen , Lashkar-e Jhangvi , Jaish-e-Mohammed , and Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami . Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst , said it 's hard to say how many high-value targets are left because people keep being added to the list . He also said many militants remain concentrated in the rugged North Waziristan region , where the army 's lack of clearing operations makes it safe for jihadis to operate . CNN 's Shaan Khan reported from Pakistan , with Joe Sterling reporting and writing in Atlanta . Journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi and CNN 's Pam Benson and Jason Hanna also contributed to this report	NEW : Rehman was wanted by U.S. in connection with 2009 attack that killed CIA employees Seven killed , one wounded in drone strike , officials say Rehman was second in command to Hakimullah Mehsud It 's the first drone strike since the Pakistani elections
CNN  -- Common opinion holds that diplomacy involves careful negotiation and an ability to bite your tongue . But what happens when the political situation in a country is so corrupt that you feel it is your moral duty to speak out ? Former British ambassador to Uzbekistan , Craig Murray Craig Murray , former British ambassador to Uzbekistan , has gained notoriety as one of the few diplomats to ignore the wishes of his government and openly criticize the country in which he was stationed . "  I was told before I went that the human rights situation -LSB- in Uzbekistan -RSB- had n't changed much since the days of the Soviet Union , whereas in fact it had got much worse , " he says . "  Nothing had prepared me for the sheer level of brutality and the sheer level of subjugation of the people . " Central Asia 's most populous country , Uzbekistan has been ruled by President Islom Karimov since the nation broke free from Soviet rule in 1991 . Karimov is democratically elected but the elections have been labeled unfair by independent observers . Two cases of torture that were brought to his attention propelled Murray to speak out . In the first incident he was introduced to a man who told him that his grandchildren had been tortured in front of him in a bid to coerce him into signing a witness statement that would implicate two of his nephews as members of al-Qaida -- falsely , Murray claims . Shortly afterwards he received an envelope of photographs of the body of Muzafar Avazov , who had died at Jaslyk Prison , a notorious detention center in north western Uzbekistan . His body had been delivered back to his mother in a sealed casket . She was ordered to bury the casket the next day without opening it but she felt there was a religious duty to clean the body before burial . When she saw the condition of the body she took detailed photographs and sent them to Murray . "  I sent the photos on to the pathology department of the University of Glasgow , " explains Murray . "  The pathologist 's report said that his fingernails had been pulled out , he 'd been beaten about the face and neck and he died of immersion in boiling liquid . He 'd been boiled alive . " Murray says he has come across only one other case of complete immersion in boiling liquid but numerous cases of limbs being inserted in boiling water and that "  rape , suffocation and electrocution " is exacted on "  thousands of people every year . " Murray 's claims are corroborated by respected NGOs . In a report titled "  Nowhere to turn : torture and ill-treatment in Uzbekistan " , published last month , Human Rights Watch concluded that torture is "  endemic to the criminal justice system " in Uzbekistan . "  It is not a marginal problem caused by a handful of errant police or security agents but is practiced by police and security agents on a regular basis , " said the report . The nature of these cases so disturbed Murray that in October 2002 he made a speech to fellow diplomats and Uzbekistani officials at a human rights conference in Tashkent in which he criticized the regime and highlighted the "  prevalence of torture in Uzbekistani prisons . " The speech had been approved by the UK Foreign Office but behind closed doors it was met with arched eyebrows . Uzbekistan had become an important strategic ally in the "  war on terror " . The Karshi-Khanabad airbase loaned to the U.S. gave them easy access to Afghanistan during the 2001 invasion and the Foreign Office was keen to maintain a relationship with Karimov . Murray was recalled to London for a reprimand . Later , while on holiday in Canada he was again summoned to London where he was served with 18 disciplinary charges , including accusations of "  hiring dolly birds " to work in the visa department , having sex in his office with local girls in exchange for visas and drinking on the job . Murray did not aid his cause by beginning an affair behind his wife 's back with a 23-year-old English teacher turned lap dancer , Nadira Alieva . He makes no secret of his taste for the good life ; none of the charges levied against him held up in a tribunal . He was exonerated but the stress of the ordeal brought on a mental breakdown . He recuperated and returned to Tashkent but on landing suffered severe back pains and was airlifted back to London with a pulmonary embolism in his lung . He was eventually removed from his post in October 2004 . In a statement the FCO told CNN : "  The FCO 's handling of this case has been scrupulously fair throughout , and entirely in accordance with its obligations as an employer , including its duty of care . Mr. Murray was withdrawn from post because it was considered that he was no longer able to perform effectively the full range of duties required in conduct of our relations with Uzbekistan . "  He was subsequently suspended from duty on full pay pending investigation of whether there were disciplinary issues to answer . That investigation was put on hold on medical advice until the uncertainties over his health were resolved : thus it was not concluded . Mr. Murray then opted to apply for early severance under the terms of the FCO scheme to reduce its staff numbers , and we accepted that application . " Craig Murray does not believe that open criticism of regimes would hamper delicate negotiations with despotic governments . Standing up to dictators often elicits more respect than a timid word in their ear , he says . "  The idea that it is impossible to conduct diplomatic relations except by fawning and by showing a respect that you do not feel towards countries which behave very badly indeed does n't help at all . " There is an argument that diplomats are part of a more far-reaching international governmental strategy where their job is to keep the lines of communication open with despotic regimes and that the role of blowing the whistle on human rights abuses is already fulfilled by NGOs and journalists . But Murray argues that this does not apply in a country such as Uzbekistan where most of the NGOs have been expelled and local journalists risk imprisonment , torture and death if they speak out . "  Sometimes you find yourself in a position where you are actually the only person in a position to speak out against a totalitarian regime , " he says . In Uzbekistan , his concerns appear to have become reality . The US ceased its effective alliance with Uzbekistan in 2005 , nominally due to a massacre in May in Andijan where several hundred civilians were shot dead at a protest , but in reality , claims Murray , because Karimov had switched allegiances and formed a military partnership with Russia . He continues to speak out ; he recently published a book about his experiences , "  Murder in Samarkand -- A British Ambassador 's Controversial Defiance of Tyranny in the War on Terror , " which is scheduled to be made into a film by the director Michael Winterbottom , and he continues to write and give talks on the subject . Craig Murray may now speak out from the cold but it is apparent that he believes that his stance has achieved significantly more than he would have in twenty years of quiet diplomacy .	Craig Murray gained notoriety by openly criticizing the country where he was stationed The former British diplomat hit out at Uzbekistan 's human rights record Murray cited grandchildren tortured in front of grandfather ; man "  boiled alive " Human Rights Watch has slammed the use of torture in Uzbekistan as "  endemic "
CNN  -- The long-time companion of notorious fugitive James "  Whitey " Bulger has sold her share of her family 's Boston home for $ 1 to her twin sister , according to registry records . Catherine Greig , who faces charges of harboring a fugitive , appeared in court July 13 for a detention hearing . The government has 30 days from the hearing day to indict Greig , who is being held without bail . In an apparent move to protect her assets , Greig sold "  all my rights , title and interest " in the house and land in South Boston to Margaret McCusker , according to a filing with the Suffolk Registry of Deeds . Greig also sought to protect her $ 343,700 home in Quincy by declaring it covered by the state 's Homestead Act , the Boston Globe reported . The house could be safe from creditors as long as she can prove it is her primary residence , the newspaper said . During Greig 's detention hearing , her attorney , Kevin Reddington , told the judge that his client was a "  kind , gentle person " who had a "  loving personality . " Prosecutors released a series of photographs showing cash , weapons and even a grenade recovered from the Santa Monica , California , apartment that she apparently shared with Bulger for 15 years while he was being hunted by the FBI . The government also released a brief security camera video of Greig walking in and out of a local drugstore , picking up a prescription , prosecutors said , that was under an assumed name . Bulger and Greig were known in Santa Monica as Charles and Carol Gasko . Bulger has pleaded not guilty to all counts against him , including his alleged role in 19 murders . Prosecutors say Bulger was the head of a South Boston Irish gang before he fled an impending racketeering indictment in 1995 . At the same time , he was an FBI informant whose handler tipped him off about the charges . The reputed mobster became the inspiration for the Jack Nicholson character in the 2006 Martin Scorsese film "  The Departed . "	Catherine Greig sold her share of a family home to her sister She had another home protected under the Homsetead Act , the Boston Globe reports Greig faces charges of harboring a fugitive She shared an apartment with Bulger while the FBI was hunting him
CNN  -- Miles away from the somber ceremony on a tarmac where coffins containing the remains of victims of Flight MH17 were returned , dozens of forensic scientists at a military base in the Netherlands were preparing for the grim task of identifying the remains . In all , 298 passengers and crew -- among them dozens of children -- were killed when the packed Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 they were on crashed in eastern Ukraine last Thursday . All of the bodies and body parts recovered from the crash site will eventually be brought to Hilversum , Netherlands , where a team of experts from the Dutch national forensics unit  Landelijk Team Forensische Opsporing  will do everything they can to return the dead to their loved ones . "  You do n't know which nationality each body is , " explains Jos van Roo of LTFO . "  So we try to identify all the bodies . We are in contact with the other countries to combine efforts to identify the bodies . " The LTFO has experience of other mass disasters , having worked on the 2004 Asian tsunami , the crash of Afriqiyah Airways Flight 771 in Libya in 2010 and other incidents in the Netherlands . Van Roo says great care has and will continue to be taken over the bodies , out of respect for the victims and to avoid any further distress to their families . Forensics specialist : ` It must be very precise ' It is painstaking work , van Roo says : "  There are lot of bodies and body parts coming our way . -LSB- Everything -RSB- must be examined . ... It must be very precise . You must make sure you do n't give the wrong body to the wrong family . " The team 's work began days ago on the Ukrainian field near the Russian border where MH17 's journey from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur came to a premature end . Forensic genetics expert Denise Syndercombe-Court of King 's College London says some identifications will be relatively simple . "  It sounds as if they have perhaps 200 body bags with identifiable bodies or parts of bodies in , " she says . "  And while they have been at the site for some time , I would expect that it will be possible to get good DNA profiles from most of those . " In some cases , working out who is who may be even easier than that -- if a victim has a distinctive scar or clothing , or even a wallet or passport in a pocket . Dental records can also be used to identify those who are not immediately recognizable . If DNA is needed , it is usually taken from an area of deep muscle . Mitochondrial DNA may also be used . In both cases , the experts will then need to compare the DNA taken from the victim with a relative . Search for DNA matches But Syndercombe-Court says the fact so many families died on Flight MH17 may complicate the process . "  Where you have lots of family members traveling together , you may have to rely on DNA matches to more distant relatives , " she explains . "  Once you get beyond the immediate family , beyond grandparents or aunts and uncles , it becomes more difficult . " In those cases , scientists may have to rely on alternative comparisons , matching DNA from the remains to that found on toothbrushes or clothing owned by the dead person . Van Roo says work has already begun to collect details and DNA matches for those on board the plane , with dozens of detectives interviewing family members . "  We have been working with the families of the victims . From them , we ask -LSB- for -RSB- a description of the victim , and we take DNA , look at the dental records and take fingerprints , " he told CNN , adding that the process of talking to relatives can take a long time . "  You try to get as much information during your first visit . You do n't want to forget some questions . It is very painful to have to get back to families to ask -LSB- more -RSB- questions . " "  Every bit of information you get from a relative needs to be collected very carefully . Also you need to take records from the bodies . It is a delicate procedure for example , -LSB- to -RSB- take dental records or DNA . " Syndercombe-Court helped to identify the victims of Yemenia Flight 626 , which crashed into the Indian Ocean on its way from Yemen to Comoros in 2009 , leaving 152 dead . She says not every victim will be easy to put a name to : Cases where the force of a blast or fire have damaged the remains can be complex . And she says that while experts do have the passenger manifest , some cases may never be fully resolved . But she hopes knowing , at least , that everything possible has been done , and that the remains were handled with great care will offer some solace . "  The longer it goes on , the more difficult it can be . ... If someone is not found , or a body part is never identified , but it is dealt with in a sensitive way , the families know someone has gone to the effort , someone has tried their best . " For the experts at Hilversum , the next weeks and months will be busy and difficult . Van Roo says the work can be emotional , but everyone is united by their common aim . "  We have the drive to give the bodies back to the families , " he says . "  Every case is unique , -LSB- but -RSB- you want to get the victim back . The drive stays the same . " Syndercombe-Court agrees : "  It 's a tough job , but a good job . "  It is always grim , but we do it with the knowledge that we are helping someone else : The family want to be able to put it to bed , and we want to give them some peace . " MH17 tributes in Moscow : ` Forgive us ' Mother regrets hot heeding son 's fears CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	The remains of victims of Flight MH17 have been flown back to the Netherlands Dozens of bodies collected from the crash site have been taken to Kharkiv in the Ukraine Dutch experts will use DNA , dental records and fingerprints to identify the victims The identification process can be lengthy but is aimed at giving families closure
CNN  -- Emergency contraception known as the "  morning-after pill " can be sold over-the-counter to minors , a federal appeals court in New York decided on Wednesday . A generic two-pill version could soon be available without a prescription or any age restrictions , according to an order by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit . But the three-judge panel separately blocked unrestricted sales of a newer , different Plan B one-pill version , until it can further consider the matter . The Obama administration has been criticized by some women 's rights groups for trying to stop contraception sales to underage females . Some of those groups applauded the court 's order . "  Once again , the message from the courts is clear : Emergency contraception must be made available over the counter for all ages , and the burdensome practice of requiring girls 16 and under to obtain a prescription and all others to show an ID must end , " said Marcia Greenberger , co-president of the National Women 's Law Center . The Justice Department appealed a ruling in April by U.S. District Judge Edward Korman , who directed the Food and Drug Administration to make the morning-after birth control pill available to females "  of child-bearing age " without a prescription . The key ingredient in Plan B is the synthetic hormone levonorgestrel , which can prevent fertilization or prevent an egg from embedding in the uterus if it has been fertilized . Korman 's ruling responded to a lawsuit launched by the Center for Reproductive Rights . The group sought to expand access to all brands of the morning-after pill over the counter , such as Plan B One-Step and Next Choice , so that females of all ages would be able to purchase them without a prescription . Supporters of the district court ruling called it a landmark decision , while opponents raised concerns about safeguards being eliminated . The government now has 14 days to decide whether to challenge the order before the full appeals court or directly to the U.S. Supreme Court . If the order is not appealed , reproductive rights groups say the two-pill contraceptive could be available at pharmacies in about a month . Plan B One-Step is an updated one-pill version . The FDA said last month it was changing its regulations , allowing sales by a private pharmaceutical firm , Teva Women 's Health , to those 15 and over without a prescription . Only those 17 or older were previously allowed to buy the contraceptive . Korman had criticized what he called "  nonsensical " government rules that he said unfairly favored the single pill version over the cheaper , generic two-pill version . Under current policies , prescriptions are still need for the generic version for those under age 17 . The FDA announced two years ago there would be no limits on over-the-counter sales of morning-after pills . But Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius unilaterally ordered the age and prescription restrictions put in place . That prompted the lawsuits . Emergency contraceptives are intended for use within 72 hours after sex but are most effective if taken within 24 hours . Many developed countries require a prescription for oral contraceptives , including Canada and most of Europe , but other countries sell the pill without a prescription even formally or informally . There was no immediate reaction to the order from the FDA or the Justice Department . The case is Tummino v. Hamburg  13-1690  .	Appeals panel approved sale of one version , but blocked another pending further review Groups criticize Obama administration for trying to block sales of birth-control pills to girls Federal government has 14 days to decide whether to challenge the appeals order
CNN  -- The great paddlewheel turned the Ohio River water to a froth as the Delta Queen steamboat , a floating National Historic Landmark , departed Cincinnati , Ohio , on its final scheduled voyage this week . The Delta Queen is the last running steam-driven , paddlewheeled overnight passenger boat . The boat is a throwback to the 1800s and the era of Mark Twain , when thousands of steam-driven paddlewheelers plied the Mississippi River system . The Delta Queen is the last of those operating as overnight passenger boats on U.S. waterways , giving riders a 19th-century experience on cruises complete with the carnival-like sounds of the steam-whistle calliope . But it will dock permanently if Congress does n't grant a safety exemption . It left Cincinnati on Tuesday on a 10-day cruise down the Ohio and Mississippi rivers to Memphis , Tennessee , where it will unload what could be its final passengers . "  There are so few really authentic things left . Everything is a re-creation or a tied up old dusty museum , " said Vicki Webster , leader of the grassroots Save the Delta Queen Campaign . "  The Delta Queen is a breathing part of history and we have to keep as many of those as we can . " The frequent riders and steamboat aficionados are being punished , Webster insists . Sherrin Kraus , 66 , admires the Delta Queen as it passes by her home in Hanover , Indiana , each year . "  I 've been in love with this boat since I was 5 years old , " Kraus told CNN affiliate WLWT-TV when the ship arrived in Cincinnati . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos and memories of the Delta Queen Kraus and her husband Ken boarded the Delta Queen 's possible final voyage to celebrate their 45th anniversary . They told WLWT they decided to celebrate the occasion early out of concern the ship would not get another exemption . "  This was our 45th anniversary trip because we do n't know what the future 's going to bring , but we 're worried , " Kraus said . "  If she does n't survive this last onslaught , it 's the end of an era . " The Delta Queen will go out of service if Congress does not grant the ship another exemption from a 1960s federal law , the Safety at Seas Act , which bans boats made largely out of wood because of fire hazards . The current exemption , which expires at the end of October , has been given to the ship nine times over 40 years . See the Delta Queen 's life in photos " Supporters of the boat , which has roamed the nation 's waterways since 1927 and helped the Navy ferry survivors of the attack on Pearl Harbor to San Francisco hospitals in 1941 , are hopeful the ship will not play its famed calliope for the last time . iReport.com : Watch the ship depart as a calliope concert plays The grassroots campaign is gaining traction and the support of high ranking politicians . House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement he would work with Rep. Steve Chabot , R-Ohio , to try to get an exemption granted if the House returns for a lame duck session to address economic issues following the election . Supporters , including several mayors , agree with Webster that granting an exemption to the Delta Queen would be a way to help stimulate the economy without it costing taxpayers a dime . Lee Powell , director of the Mississippi Delta Grassroots Caucus said the boat provides economic opportunities . By docking and unloading nearly 200 passengers up to a dozen times a year , the Delta Queen helps to pump money into small cities along the heartland 's rivers that are not normally tourist destinations . Helena , Arkansas , which Mark Twain wrote in Life on the Mississippi "  occupies one of the prettiest situations on the river , " could suffer if the boat ceases operation . "  There are places in Helena that are essentially at virtually the levels of a third world country , " Powell said . "  They were impoverished before and now with the economic suffering , to choke off one of the good things they have is ridiculous . " The fight ahead is not uncharted territory for the Delta Queen , which fought down to the wire in 1970 to be given the exemption . Rep. James Oberstar , a Minnesota Democrat who heads up the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , has refused to support the exemption , claiming the boat , with a steel hull but largely wooden superstructure , is a fire hazard . Webster , who says she is "  seething with anger " about the complaint , said the ship is outfitted with state-of-the-art fire safety equipment and a full fire crew on board . "  The heat detectors are so sensitive in the rooms if you take a shower and forget to close your bathroom door , the heat detectors go off , " Webster said . "  It 's ridiculous . You literally could not have a fire on the boat because it would be put out in seconds . " Webster says the fight with Oberstar amounts to a labor dispute and that Oberstar is bowing to the Seafarers International Union which represented the boat 's employees before it was bought by Majestic America Line . Oberstar and the union have both denied those accusations , but Webster insists simple politics are getting in the way of saving a national treasure . "  They 're holding her hostage , " Webster said . "  That 's like punishing a child because his parents are bickering or tearing down the Statute of Liberty because of a dispute between the owners of the land and the snack shop . "	Delta Queen paddlewheeler has been in service since 1927 Boat is last steam-powered paddlewheeler providing overnight passenger cruises Vessel needs new exemption from 1960s federal law Safety of Seas Act bars largely wooden ships from overnight cruises
This year marks the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Solferino which led to the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross . The ICRC is using the date to launch an awareness campaign of its work in conflict-affected countries , featuring photos taken by five award-winning photojournalists . This week we 're bringing you stories from some of the world 's most troubled countries , as told by the ICRC . MONROVIA , Liberia  ICRC  -- On a dusty pitch in the middle of the capital of Monrovia limbless young men play football as though their lives depended on it . Coach Paul Tolbert says many members of Liberia 's amputee football team had lost the will to live . Football has given them hope . They are members of the Liberian National Amputee Football Team and for the most part , victims of the war . Some participated in cruel acts against civilians during the fighting and face a daily struggle to live with both their disability and the past . "  I was at church when armed men came in and killed hundreds of us , " says 18 year old Richard Duo , who is now a star infield attacker and one of the highest goal-scorers on the team . "  I lost my mother , father and one of my brothers . My other siblings were wounded and I lost my leg . "  Now that there is peace , I have decided not to think about that anymore . I only want to look forward , to see what I can do to help myself and my family in the future . Those terrible things have already happened . I just want to focus on the future , " he says . See photos of Richard Duo and his team mates " Tens of thousands of people were killed or injured in Liberia 's 14-year civil war . The fighting brought rape and mutilation , children were abducted and forced to become fighters and untold numbers had to flee their homes . Since 2003 , peace has returned and while efforts are underway to rebuild the country the emotional and physical scars of war remain . Amputee football began in Liberia as a means of therapy and healing . It was an initiative of the National Commission for Disarmament , Demobilization , Reintegration and Rehabilitation , which is responsible for assisting former fighters . The team 's coach , 30 year old Paul Tolbert , began recruiting members when he worked for the commission as a counseling coordinator . "  When you ask them how they felt after they were amputated , most of them wanted to kill themselves , " says Tolbert . "  Life no longer had meaning for them . Amputee football restores their hope . Take the example of the guy who won Most Valuable Player in the recent African Cup of Nations . He was a very good player before he was amputated , but gave up hope when he lost his leg . "  When I went to recruit him , I told him ` You can make it , there is still a chance for you . ' He since has regained a sense of hope . ' " In 2008 , the Liberian team hosted the African Cup of Nations and won the tournament . The team has been to Russia and Turkey for international competitions and will travel to England in June for the Amputee World Cup , where they have a very good chance of making it to the final . The President of Liberia , Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf , is their number one fan , ensuring support for travel and profiling the team in her speeches . Tolbert says the healing effects go well beyond the players . "  I tell my team they are bringing a sense of victory to the country . In my eyes , they are not disabled . They are men who bring pride to this nation . " The players themselves say they are motivated by a desire to leave the war behind and to make something of themselves for their families . They 're also looking for a sense of belonging and brotherhood among those who know what it 's like to live with the horrors of war and to struggle just to survive . "  I love the sport because I can experience friendship again , " says Joseph Allen , 21 , who was named the best goalkeeper in the Russian tournament . "  Friendship was gone from my life for the longest time . Football brings attention to our disability and helps people better understand that we are able to contribute to society . " For players like 32 year old Anthony Doe , amputee football has opened up a window on a world he never dreamed possible . "  I never thought that one day I would go and see Turkey or Russia but thanks to football I 've been able to travel to compete , " says the striker . For more about this topic go to the ICRC Web Site . Have you been affected by conflict ? Send your photos and stories to iReport	Many members of Liberia 's amputee football team had lost the will to live They were recruited by a counselor working to rehabilitate former fighters Coach Paul Tolbert : "  They are men who bring pride to this nation " Photos were taken by war photographer Christopher Morris for the ICRC
Hamid Dabashi is the author of "  Iran : A People Interrupted . " He is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York . His Web site is http://www.hamiddabashi.com/ . Hamid Dabashi says allegations of rape and torture are testing Iran 's Islamic Republic as never before . CNN  -- Troubling news of kidnapping , rape , torture , and murder is flooding out of Iran . Neda Aqa Soltan was murdered point-blank in the streets of Tehran for the whole world to see ; while Sohrab Arabi was killed far from any global attention and his body given to his mother quietly to bury , as was the tortured body of Mohsen Ruholamini . These names have assumed symbolic significance for many more innocent young men and women murdered by the custodians of the Islamic Republic with a wanton disregard for the lives and liberties of its own citizens . Not just murder , but the rape of young men and women also is on the shameless roster of the Islamic Republic . After years of sporadic charges and troubling rumors , finally a courageous cleric has put a stamp of public recognition on atrocious practices in the theocratic state . Mehdi Karrubi -- one of the revolutionary founders of the Islamic Republic , a high-ranking cleric , a presidential candidate , a former speaker of the house and now a widely popular political activist -- has published a letter , addressing it to the former president and current head of the Expediency Council Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . He accuses the security officers of the Islamic Republic of repeatedly and violently raping young women and men while they are in custody . Since the publication of this letter , a massive outpouring of testimony and reports has come out , corroborating Karrubi 's charges that rapes of young women and men are a widespread , common practice in the Islamic Republic . These are not light charges for any state , for any republic , let alone for an Islamic Republic . These charges are no longer brought by expatriate , and at times discredited , opposition . It is the founding fathers of the Islamic Republic , with impeccable revolutionary credentials , who are bringing these charges , as others are coming out and corroborating them in excruciating detail . The Islamic Republic has never faced such a deep crisis of legitimacy in its turbulent 30-year history . As widely evident , it is not just the regime 's claim to a "  republic " that is in question and in jeopardy , but , perhaps far more seriously , it is its claim to Islam that has troubling consequences for more than 1.3 billion Muslims around the world . People in the streets of Tehran are chanting , paraphrasing a famous slogan of the 1979 revolution , "  Independence , Freedom , Iranian Republic , " pointedly replacing "  Iranian " for "  Islamic . " Though this a perfectly legitimate demand , given the criminal record of the Islamic Republic , by no means is this sentiment a common denominator of the growing opposition to the regime . To the degree that , at least in part , he represents this uprising , Mir Hossein Moussavi , as a pious and practicing Muslim , continues to insist that he wishes to restore the ideals and aspirations of the Islamic revolution within the constitution of the state . Never have the two opposing ideas of an "  Islamic Republic , " and Muslims living in a democratic republic seemed so at odds with each other . The 30-year experience of the Islamic Republic shows fundamental flaws in defining a state apparatus in the exclusive terms of a militantly legalistic Islam , while at the same time Iranians , the overwhelming majority of them Shiite Muslims , have repeatedly demonstrated , under this regime , they are perfectly capable of democratic behavior . Not just as immigrants in the E.U. nations and the U.S. , but as citizens in Iran , millions of Muslims have shown they are integral to the democratic institutions embedded in the notion of a nation-state . What is in question is the viability of an Islamic republic -- or for that matter , a Jewish state , a Christian empire , a Hindu fundamentalist government -- or any state or movement that is defined not by the democratic apparatus of citizenry , but by exclusionary membership in a world religion . As in the rest of the Muslim world , Islam is integral to Iranian society . But not exclusively so . Over the last 30 years , a radically legalistic interpretation of a cosmopolitan faith has been force-fed into a multifaceted political culture -- and today all the world can see the violent convulsion of the system . There has been much talk of the need for an Islamic "  reformation " over the last few years . But what Islam needs is not a Christian-style Reformation . What Islam needs is a restoration of its historically cosmopolitan character in which Muslims and non-Muslims live in peace and prosperity , and which they now need to retrieve in order to live in peace and prosperity in a world that is not entirely Muslim . By virtue of living in a democracy , and having endured indignities of rampant Islamophobia in their own country , American Muslims have a historic role to play , by way of sending a delegation to Iran , connecting to this grassroots democratic movement in a Muslim nation , and helping it restore its cosmopolitan character in pursuit of enduring democratic institutions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Hamid Dabashi : Rape and torture allegations being made in Iran He says a prominent cleric and activist has accused security forces of wrongdoing The charges threaten the Islamic Republic 's standing within the faith , he says Dabashi : Iran needs to restore notion of Muslims and non-Muslims living in peace
CNN  -- FIFA is coming under growing pressure from some of Europe 's leading football federations to take "  urgent action " and restore confidence in the world governing body . Under-fire FIFA has faced heavy criticism over its refusal to publish a key report into allegations of corruption surrounding the World Cup bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments in Russia and Qatar . England 's 2018 bid was singled out for particular criticism by German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert when he delivered his 42-page summary of Michael Garcia 's report last week . But the English Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has hit back , confirming he will be writing to every member of the FIFA executive committee asking for full publication . "  I am writing to each member of the FIFA Executive Committee on behalf of the FA to urge you to insist on the publication of Mr Garcia 's full report as a matter of some urgency . "  As you probably know the reputation of FIFA was already low in England and much of Europe before the events of last week . " FIFA had hoped Eckert 's summary would draw a veil over the bidding process , but that hope was scuppered when American lawyer Garcia said the 42-page report was error ridden . "  The failure to publish Mr Garcia 's report and his statement that the summary report which was published contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations " has resulted in a further decline in public confidence of FIFA , " added Dyke . "  We can not go on like this . Complete transparency is required if the actions of all those who bid , including England 2018 , are to be judged fairly . " Dyke went on to ask members of the FIFA executive committee to think of the greater good for FIFA and football . "  I know some of you believe that FIFA 's reputation in England is the result of an obsession amongst the English media with FIFA and I know Mr Blatter sees their reports as an unfair attack on the organization he leads , " said Blatter . "  However , in England we see it differently . If you read a whole range of English newspaper reports about FIFA , particularly those in the Sunday Times , they do provide compelling evidence of wrong doing . "  They can not be simply dismissed as "  racist " or "  an attack on FIFA " as Mr Blatter described them at the FIFA Congress in Brazil . "  Urgent action is needed if confidence in FIFA is to be rebuilt in England . The FA is of the view that this action should start with the full publication of Mr Garcia 's report . " Dyke 's move comes after the England 's 2018 bid team was accused of acting improperly during the bidding process by the report . The FA was accused accused of attempting to "  curry favor " with former FIFA vice-president Jack Warner , who left his role in 2011 following allegations of bribery . The report claims that the England bidding team sponsored a $ 55,000 gala dinner for the Caribbean Football Union , allowed the Trinidad and Tobago under-20 squad to hold a training camp in the United Kingdom in 2009 and attempted to help a "  person of interest " to Warner find a job in the country . A spokesman for the FA refuted the claims in a statement on the organization 's website . "  We note the FIFA Ethics Committee has today published a 42 - page report in relation to the bidding processes for the FIFA World Cups in 2018 and 2022 . "  We were not given any prior notice of the report before publication . We do not accept any criticism regarding the integrity of England 's bid or any of the individuals involved . "  We conducted a transparent bid and , as the report demonstrates with its reference to the England bid team 's ` full and valuable cooperation ' , willingly complied with the investigation . We maintain that transparency and cooperation around this entire process from all involved is crucial to its credibility . "  We also note that after a lengthy investigatory process and assessment , the report has concluded that the ` potentially problematic facts and circumstances identified by the report regarding the England 2018 bid were , all in all , not suited to compromise the integrity of the FIFA World Cup 2018/22 bidding process as a whole ' . " Simon Johnson , who was part of the England 2018 bid , told CNN last week that the report was a "  politically motivated whitewash " . "  Even before it was published , I had no confidence in the report , " he said . "  Now Garcia has come out and told us there are inaccuracies why should anyone believe anything ? "  Mr Garcia had limited powers and could n't investigate everybody he wanted to . "  He did n't speak to a number of members form the executive committee . "	FIFA coming under increasing pressure from member nations English Football Association hit out at FIFA FA chairman Greg Dyke wants "  urgent action " taken Dyke fears for credibility of world football 's governing body
CNN  -- Some Gulf Coast residents and former clean-up workers are suffering from an array of mysterious illnesses , according to a Louisiana physician who has treated dozens of patients complaining of similar symptoms . "  I 'm dealing with a wide array of people and the symptoms are almost identical in all of them , " Dr. Mike Robichaux , an ear , nose and throat doctor based in Raceland , Louisiana , told CNN 's Natalie Allen . "  What 's been really unique about it is that patients have come in with a severe amount of memory loss . Very high blood pressure -- blood pressures that are going sky high and then coming down to normal , and then blood sugar levels that are fluctuating . Lastly would be some pulmonary problems and some fairly serious  gastrointestinal  problems . " The doctor said he 's treated about 60 patients suffering from some combination of these symptoms but believes many more are suffering . Robichaux said "  there 's no question " that these health difficulties are caused by contact with oil and dispersant . "  The only question is what  is  in this soup of materials is causing the problems , " he said . "  Some  people  have been exposed to all of these chemicals , some only a few , some for long periods of time , some for not very long . " He discussed the case of a 27-year-old man who suffers abdominal pain so severe he must take morphine to relieve it . The man also has debilitating headaches and severe memory loss , but for months had no idea what was causing his symptoms . Robichaux said this experience was "  typical " of a subset of patients he sees . He said the health problems he sees get very little national attention . "  There has n't been a single article on health issues , " he said . "  They 'll talk about the pelicans and shorebirds , the crawfish , the crabs , the shrimp and so forth ... and there 's nothing on human impact . " The April 20 , 2010 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon led to the worst oil spill in U.S. history , with more than 200 million gallons of oil released into the Gulf . Hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersant went into the water as well . At its peak of the crisis , in June 2010 , 37 % of Gulf waters , or 88,522 square miles , were closed to fishing .	Dozens of patients are suffering similarly , Dr. Robichaux says "  There 's no question " ailments are connected to oil exposure , says doctor Memory loss , pulmonary , gastrointestinal problems are among the symptoms suffered
CNN  -- Everything will glow -- the balloons , the table cloths , the blue martinis and the party favors . The red carpet will turn blue . Even the female impersonators will be painted -- you guessed it -- blue . The first 50 guests will be given bright blue boas . There will be seven high-definition projection screens , and the winner of the trivia competition will win a massive , crystal-bedazzled Hpnotiq bottle . All-in-all , Edward Gisiger says , it 's going to be one great Oscar party . Gisiger is the owner of the Kit Kat Lounge and Supper Club in Chicago , Illinois . Every year the Kit Kat throws an elaborate themed party on Oscar night . This year they 've chosen to transform the club into "  The Land of Avatar , " complete with Kit Kat diva Aurora Sexton playing the role of warrior princess Neytiri . "  This is one of the best years of Hollywood ever because of ` Avatar , ' so there 's a real reason to celebrate , " Gisiger said . With 10 best picture nominees , there are plenty of themes to choose from . But planning that party can be stressful and time consuming . CNN talked to Gisiger and other party-throwers to provide dos and do n'ts for an award-worthy night . Do n't wait until Sunday Mary Johnson and her friend Carolyn Mueller in Dayton , Ohio , held a "  Julie & Julia " dinner party in December . The pair started prepping their individual ingredients on Tuesday , met on Wednesday to combine portions and baked early on Thursday to get all the dishes ready for Thursday night . "  Prepare as much of the food ahead of time so you can enjoy the party , " Johnson recommends . "  You also do n't want to try new recipes out on a party . Choose recipes you feel comfortable with . " First season "  Top Chef " host and cookbook writer Katie Lee offers the same advice . "  It is important to be able to enjoy your party just as much as your guests . Do n't keep yourself too occupied in the kitchen so you can join in on the fun . Put out a food and drink buffet to make it easier to serve . " Do make it interactive Johnson and Mueller dressed up in old-school aprons , chef hats and pearls . Gisiger says this is a great way to get guests involved in the theme , especially if you offer them prizes for being creative . Lee recommends creating ballot games and trivia to entertain guests in between watching category announcements at the Academy Awards show . Do set the mood Although Gisiger 's budget may be a bit bigger than yours , his club 's glowing blue atmosphere should inspire you . "  I think there are so many things you can do from home . It 's just a way of being creative and making it different from others , ' " the club owner said . Gisiger suggests having a signature drink that follows the theme of the party , similar to his "  Avatar Princess " martini made with vodka , Cognac and pineapple juice -- with a glow stick , of course . Stacy Suzuki attended another "  Julie & Julia " party in Hawaii where the host had guests bring a dish from Julia Child 's cookbook . The recipes were on display and the dining table was set with lines from France . A French cooking DVD played in the background . "  A part-French poodle was running around the house wearing a doggie t-shirt made in Paris , " she said . Lee , also the Moet & Chandon spokeswoman , said you can offer your guests the same cocktail the stars are drinking on the red carpet and at the Governor 's Ball -- Moet Golden Glamour . Or bring the fashion world to your party by making it black tie optional and place digital cameras around the room to capture paparazzi shots , Lee suggested . Whatever you do , "  do n't keep the glamour to a minimum . " Do n't have guests leave empty-handed Suzuki 's host created a full menu using all of Julia Child 's recipes . When the guests left , the host had copies of the recipes available to take home . The gift bags at the Kit Kat Lounge will include that blue boa , a glowing heart-shaped necklace and a T-shirt . But most important , Gisiger says , is that guests leave feeling recharged . "  It 's a fun way to escape , " Gisiger said about both the party and movies in general . "  That 's kind of what we focus on . "	With 10 best picture nominees , it 's easy to pick a great theme for an Oscar party Experts say not to wait until the last minute to prepare food or you 'll miss the fun Set the mood with decorations , props and costumes , party hosts suggest
CNN  -- A collapse on the penultimate tee of the Players Championship by Sergio Garcia allowed Tiger Woods to win the $ 1.7 million tournament for the second time in his career . Spain 's Garcia looked to be heading into a playoff with world No. 1 Woods before hitting two tee shots into the water at the 17th hole to throw away any chance he had of winning the title he picked up in 2008 . A war of words between the two players broke out on Saturday when Garcia blamed Woods for crowd noise which he claimed distracted him during his swing . It led to Garcia describing Woods as "  not the nicest guy on Tour " , but the American had the last laugh as a final round of 70 saw him finish top of the leaderboard on 13-under par , six strokes ahead of the Spaniard . "  It sounds like I was the bad guy here , " Garcia told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I was the victim . I do n't have any regrets of anything . "  That hole has been good to me for the most part , " Garcia said of the 17th after carding a final round of 76 . "  Today , it was n't . That 's the way it is . That 's the kind of hole it is . You 've got to love it for what it is . "  It 's always nice to have a chance at beating the No. 1 player in the world , but unfortunately for me , I was n't able to this week . " For Woods it was a fourth tournament win of the year , one which moved him onto 78 PGA Tour wins , four off Sam Snead 's record of 82 . "  We just go out there and play , " said Woods , who won the Players for the first time in 2001 and took his earnings for 2013 to over $ 5.8 m from just seven tournaments . "  I had an opportunity to win the golf tournament when I was tied for the lead , and I thought I handled the situation well and really played well when I really needed to . And that 's something I 'm excited about it . " Sweden 's David Lingmerth , playing alongside Garcia , missed a birdie putt on the 17th which would have seen him pull level with Woods . In the end Lingmerth  72  finished 11 under in a three-way tie for second with American duo Kevin Streelman  67  and Jeff Maggert  70  . Garcia was part of a seven-strong group on seven under which also included two-time major winner Rory McIlroy and former world No. 1 Lee Westwood .	Tiger Woods wins the Players Championship after collapse from Sergio Garcia Garcia hit two tee shots into the water at the 17th hole , ending his challenge World No. 1 Woods wins the event for the first time since 2001 The American is now just four wins off Sam Snead 's record of 82 PGA Tour victories
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  American Idol " creator Simon Fuller filed a lawsuit Wednesday claiming he should be paid for the U.S. version of "  The X Factor . " Fuller claims a 2005 contract gives him executive producer credit and fees for the show , which was created by former "  Idol " judge Simon Cowell . "  Mr. Fuller has prudently attempted to settle this matter privately but the other parties have refused to honor the original contract , leaving him no other choice but to pursue legal action , " his publicist said in a statement Wednesday . But "  X-Factor " and "  Idol " producer FremantleMedia and Fox Broadcasting Co. , which carries both shows , say Fuller had no role in the new show and is not due any cash . "  Mr. Fuller has not been hired , nor performed any duties , on the U.S. version of "  The X Factor , " the companies said in a joint statement Wednesday . "  His suit seeks payment and credit as an executive producer despite his neither having been approved by the required parties , nor hired , as such . " The U.S. versions of "  Idol " and "  X-Factor " are both based on British shows . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Simon Fuller claims he has a 2005 deal for a share in "  X-Factor " Former "  Idol " judge Simon Cowell created "  X-Factor " Fremantle and Fox deny Fuller is owed any cash or credit for the new show
CNN  -- At the end of life or in critical care situations , it 's common for doctors to use terms that may sound vague to friends and family members . Former South African President Nelson Mandela , 94 , remained in critical but stable condition Monday , suffering from a recurrent lung infection . He 's been hospitalized since June 8 in Pretoria , South Africa . His condition worsened last week , according to family members who described his health as "  delicate " and said "  anything is imminent . " His daughter Zindzi Mandela told ITV , however , that her father is alert and recognizes when a new person enters his room . Here are some terms likely to be used in such situations -- as defined by Dr. Darlene Nelson , a pulmonary and critical care specialist at the Mayo Clinic : Aware : To be conscious or "  awake , " to understand what is going on around you . Responsive : The ability to react  or respond  to a stimulus  pain , for example  . Serious condition : No specific definition but generally means the patient is acutely ill and the outcome is questionable . Critical condition : Once again , no specific definition , but generally means that the patient 's vital signs are not stable . The patient is often in an intensive care unit , and death may be imminent . Life support : Any technique used to maintain life after one or more vital organs fail . This can be secondary to many causes , such as trauma , infection , cancer or other chronic disease . Some examples are dialysis , mechanical ventilation , certain intravenous medications and nutritional support . South Africa : Following Nelson Mandela Intubated : It means a patient has a breathing tube in his or her windpipe  trachea  either to protect the airway  during trauma  or help the patient breathe . If patients need assistance in breathing , they are often connected to a mechanical ventilator . Ventilator : A machine that supports breathing . Resuscitation : This term is generally used as part of cardiopulmonary resuscitation , or CPR . CPR is the lifesaving technique used when someone 's heart has stopped beating or the person has stopped breathing . It generally involves chest compressions , assistance with breathing and often medication to help support blood flow to organs . Advance directive : Written instructions regarding your personal medical care preferences . These can include a living will , a designation of your medical power of attorney  or decision maker  and your preference regarding resuscitation  e.g. , DNR or do not resuscitate  . These are used when patients are unable to make their own health care decisions . Living will : A written legal document that details the types of medical treatments and life-sustaining measures that a patient would want or does n't want . It usually includes instructions regarding mechanical ventilation , feeding tubes and resuscitation . TEDMED : ` Grace ' at the end of life Coma : A state of prolonged unconsciousness that can be caused by a variety of problems  such as injury , stroke , drug or alcohol intoxication , infection , brain tumor , severe illness  . Patients during this time are not aware of their environment , and they are not able to be aroused .  This state is different from a persistent vegetative state , where they can be "  aroused . " Persistent vegetative state : A patient in this state can have a state of "  wakefulness , " but they are not "  aware . " It is usually secondary to a significant brain injury from prolonged lack of oxygen to the brain . It can be seen as a person transitions between coma and recovery or between coma and death . In this state , a person has no awareness of self , the environment or ability to interact with the environment . There are no voluntary movements and no evidence of language comprehension or expression . Patients can have periods of sleeping and wakefulness . It can become a permanent state . Brain-dead : A patient is brain-dead when all brain and brain stem functions permanently cease . The patient can not breathe on his or her own . Once the patient is declared brain-dead , the person is legally dead . Brain stem : A part of the brain that controls heartbeat and respiration . In an African slum , talking to Mandela	Former South African President Nelson Mandela clings to life with recurrent lung infection In end-of-life and critical care situations , doctors sometimes use unfamiliar terms A specialist at the Mayo Clinic helps explain some of these terms
Do you hate it when your mint gum makes your ice water taste too cold ? Or your phone charger wo n't reach your bed ? A group fighting for access to clean water in developing nations has created a fundraising video that takes such first world gripes and casts them in the stark light of poverty . In the 60-second video , the group WATERisLife has impoverished residents in Haiti , the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere , recite tweets from the popular hashtag #FirstWorldProblems . The hashtag , a perpetual presence on Twitter , pokes fun at people who have more than the basics of life covered , and yet grumble when , say , their neighbor blocks off his wi-fi access . In the video , "  First World Problems Anthem , " a man outside a dilapidated tin-roof house says "  I hate it when my house is so big , I need two wireless routers . " A young girl near a stream where women are washing clothes adds : "  When I leave my clothes in the washer so long they start to smell . " Another scene shows a boy sitting on the concrete steps of an unfinished cinder block house . His "  gripe " ? "  When I have to write my maid a check , but I forget her last name . " #FirstWorldProblems Are Not Problems , " the text at the end of the video reads . "  Donate to help bring clean water to those in need . " The lack of safe drinking water is the world 's single largest cause of illness , according to UNICEF . And WATERisLIFE says that waterborne disease around the world this year will kill 6,500 people a day . "  We 're not setting out to humiliate people who have used the #FirstWorldProblems hashtag , " said Matt Eastwood , the chief creative officer of the ad agency DDB New York , which created the video . "  Rather , the project encourages people to think before they tweet . There are much more important problems in the world than not getting a hot-enough latte in the morning . " The video has racked up more than 1.7 million hits in less than month . And the campaign may be having the desired impact . "  I used to think that first world problems were hilarious , but now I just feel bad . " says a comment posted under the video on YouTube . Another person laments : "  Okay  it 's  true i am a self centered stubborn brat . I have no idea how good i have it . " Ultimately , the clean water group is trying to benefit from a Twitter-inspired guilt trip . "  People are becoming desensitized to suffering and we needed to enter the social space with a provocative approach to get those who are lucky enough to have simple things such as water , food , and shelter to reflect on their 140 characters and support causes like WATERisLIFE , " said Kristine Bender , the executive director of the nonprofit .	A video contrasts first world complaints with developing world ones Impoverished Haitians read the Twitter "  complaints " Haiti is the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere WATERisLIFE promotes clean drinking water
RollingStone.com  -- It was a scene straight out of "  The Day After Tomorrow " : a sea of confused , disgruntled people flooding the streets of Chicago , left to wonder about their fate . The cause of this mayhem : severe thunderstorms , which temporarily forced the evacuation of the second day of Lollapalooza on Saturday . All was not lost , however : after a nearly three-hour delay , festival officials reopened the gates and Lolla was officially back on . The suspension did have some irreparable effects . Several performances -- including those by Alabama Shakes , B.o.B. , Temper Trap and Neon Indian -- were cancelled , and others were pushed back a few hours or shortened . There was also the reality that Grant Park was now a full-on mud bath . Still , despite being one of the most chaotic days in Lollapalooza 's storied history , when Red Hot Chili Peppers took the main stage in late evening , the earlier trouble hardly mattered . These were n't the same Chilis that last played Lollapalooza in 2006 : guitarist Josh Klinghoffer was added to the mix following the departure of John Frusciante in 2009 . The Anthony Kiedis-led crew delivered a set comprised largely of the classics , aside from opening with the otherworldly percussion of new tune "  Monarchy of Roses "  off 2011 album I 'm With You  , and their trademark fusion of rock , punk and funk riffs was on full display . The setlist included everything from the melodic  "  Snow  Hey Oh  , " "  Under the Bridge "  to the mosh-pit friendly rockers  "  Ca n't Stop "  and even the Afrobeat-inspired  "  Throw Away Your Television "  . The city of Chicago had extended the festival 's curfew in light of the day 's earlier evacuation , so the band plowed on into the night , finishing their set with a two-song encore that included "  Brendan 's Death Song " and "  Give It Away . " Kiedis donned his usual attire , or lack thereof : the singer was shirtless and wore a mesh hat saluting the Los Angeles punk act OFF ! Flea expressed his love for the fans and pleaded that everyone continue supporting live music "  because it 's all we got . " After kicking off with his monster hit "  Levels , " which liberally samples Etta James ' "  Something 's Got a Hold on Me , " superstar DJ Avicii shifted through a familiar formula : searing , emotional vocal samples with giant synthesizer riffs . Each track sent more young fans scrambling towards the Bud Light stage , many caked with mud . As his visuals lit up the night sky , framed by Chicago 's beautiful skyscrapers , fans reacted : "  Avicii is one of the hottest techno acts in the world , " explained one . Another put things in perspective : "  Deadmau5 is cooler , man . " Fellow EDM leader Calvin Harris inspired mud-dancing and excessive fist-pumping at Perry 's Stage . "  Lollapalooza , I wan na see you jump up and down , " the Scottish party-starter instructed the neon-clad masses . Over the past year , Harris has been able to successfully bridge the gap between progressive house and pop music , and his Saturday set mirrored his genre-crossing : when he was n't unleashing bass-throbbing beats during "  You Used to Hold Me , " the DJ was dropping the needle on his radio hits , Rihanna 's "  We Found Love " and his own "  Feel So Close . " As Avicii and the Chilis battled it out for main-stage supremacy , Frank Ocean took to the more intimate Google Play Stage . "  I see we had a little rain , " the breakout R&B singer remarked , wearing his usual red and white bandana . "  I 'm glad you all came back . " Ocean 's set was an entirely suave affair : he began by sitting on a chair , serenading the adoring crowd with a cover of Sade 's "  By Your Side " as acoustic guitars backed him lightly . Later , thanks to his crack four-piece band , Ocean brought a heavier hand to the Channel ORANGE cut "  Thinkin ' Bout You " and the nostalgia , ULTRA hit "  Novacane . " Ocean capped his set with the gospel-tinged "  Bad Religion " -- which he said spoke of his previous love affair with a man -- and the tragic epic "  Pyramid . " The Weeknd , also known as the Canadian singer Abel Tesfaye , is often compared to Ocean for his floating falsetto and mysterious air . When he played the Red Bull Stage earlier in the afternoon , he peppered his set with cuts from his trio of popular mixtapes , beginning with House of Balloons in early 2011 and concluding with last December 's Echoes of Silence . After a winsome "  High for This , " the Balloons opener and first song many heard from Tesfaye , the singer blew an adoring kiss to the crowd . Fittingly enough , no band appeared to enjoy Lollapalooza as much as Fun . The "  We Are Young " group had the unenviable task of reopening the festival post-thunderstorm and more than succeeded in the challenge . Frontman Nate Ruess , wearing neon yellow sneakers and unhinged suspenders , bounded onstage to open with "  One Foot , " followed it up with "  Why Am I the One ? " and , despite volume issues , never let up until he brought the house down with the band 's breakout single . Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand played an expectedly energetic set that mostly stuck to the basics of mid-2000s dance-rock . Lead singer Alex Kapranos , clad in a black button-up , shook off the post-storm humidity with ease , offering career highlight tracks like "  Michael " and "  Take Me Out " early in the set , then tossing out a surprise cover of Donna Summer 's "  I Feel Love " before concluding with an impressive drum solo feature . Twin Shadow 's set was too brief -- they began nearly fifteen minutes late as they conducted an eleventh-hour soundcheck -- but what they did play was a romantic , emotionally direct show reminiscent of Eighties teen flicks . Shrouded by a smoke machine , lead singer George Lewis Jr. and his band made the most of their time with minimal stage patter that was as heart-on-sleeve as their music : "  Turned out to be such a beautiful night . " A set highlight was "  At My Heels , " for which Lewis poured genuine energy into the performance . Star Slinger took to Perry 's Stage in a blue-striped polo shirt . His performance seemed disjointed , varying between predictable and electrifying . At some points , he covered obvious tracks , including the hip-hop staple "  Crossroads " by Bone Thugs N Harmony and Nicki Minaj and 2 Chainz 's current hit "  Beez in the Trap . " He was most interesting when he invigorated the set with British rave concepts , mixing transcendent piano lines and helium vocals into his emotionally fraught atmosphere . See full story at RollingStone.com . Additional reporting by David Drake and Charley Rogulewski Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Severe thunderstorms forced a temporary evacuation at Lollapalooza A few performances had to be canceled The city of Chicago extended the festival 's curfew in light of the storm delay
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The prosecution 's final accuser Thursday refused to look at Jerry Sandusky when he pointed to him minutes after telling jurors the former Penn State assistant football coach sodomized him and forced him to perform oral sex while he stayed in Sandusky 's basement during visits . The sexual abuse occurred during a number of visits , the witness , now 18 , testified . "  There was no fighting against it . " "  Alleged Victim No. 9 " said he screamed during one incident , hoping Sandusky 's wife might hear him from upstairs . There was no answer . "  I think the basement is soundproof , " said Alleged Victim 9 , becoming emotional during portions of his testimony . CNN generally does not identify alleged victims of sexual assault . Jerry Sandusky trial : All you need to know The accuser said he started going to the Sandusky home when he was about 12 and stopped going in 2009 . He said he met the defendant a few years before while swimming at a summer camp sponsored by Second Mile , the charity founded by Sandusky . "  He seemed nice , " the witness said of Sandusky . When asked to identify his attacker , the witness pointed to Sandusky without looking at him . "  I do n't want to look at him , " he said . Jurors earlier Thursday heard from two other accusers and a police officer and an investigator . Judge John Cleland indicated he expected the commonwealth of Pennsylvania to conclude its case in the afternoon , but that was not the case . No proceedings are planned for Friday ; the trial will resume Monday . During testimony Thursday , Alleged Victim 9 said that Sandusky went from presenting gifts to hugging him and kissing him . He told his mother about it , saying Sandusky was a "  touchy-feely type of person , that 's all . " The physical contact escalated , the accuser said . "  He started getting physical , had me touch his penis and stuff . " The witness said he did not want to keep returning to the Sandusky home , but his mother wanted him to . The accuser was asked whether he told her about the alleged sexual contact . "  No , " the witness said . "  How are you supposed to tell your mom these things ? " The accuser said he finally had enough in 2009 and asked his mother to pick him up from the Sandusky house . "  I did n't tell her why . " He testified he did n't discuss the matter with police until later , when his mother called them , and only told his entire story when he met with prosecutors . Under cross-examination , the accuser said he and a friend went to a football game in autumn 2011 , accompanied by Sandusky , because the friend of the teen had never been to a football game . Earlier , a police officer testified that he investigated after a woman reported Sandusky had showered with her son in 1998 . He said he felt charges should have been filed against Sandusky then , but prosecutors at the time did not agree . Ronald Schreffler , a former Penn State police investigator who now works for the Department of Homeland Security , said he was among officers hiding in the woman 's home when she confronted Sandusky about her suspicions regarding inappropriate behavior with her son , identified as Alleged Victim 6 . He testified he heard Sandusky tell her : "  I wish I could ask forgiveness . I know I ca n't get it from you . I wish I were dead . " Another witnesses , Anthony Sassano , an agent with the state attorney general 's office , testified photos of some of the accusers were found in a photo album during a June 2011 search of the defendant 's house . A list of those who participated in camps put on by Second Mile also was found in the residence , according to Sassano . Sassano said he found in Sandusky 's abandoned Penn State office lists of Second Mile children with notations next to the names of some of the alleged victims . Sandusky , longtime defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions , faces 52 counts tied to what prosecutors say was his systematic abuse of at least 10 boys over a span of 15 years . Now 68 , Sandusky has been under house arrest in the days leading up to his trial . He has pleaded not guilty and has maintained his contact with children was not sexual . Another witness , Alleged Victim 3 , testified Thursday that Sandusky would touch him inappropriately during showers and overnight stays at the former Penn State coach 's home . He testified that he was part of Second Mile and that he stayed overnight at Sandusky 's home "  more than 50 times . " Sandusky often came downstairs where he was sleeping , he said . "  He would ask me why I would want to sleep with all my clothes on , so eventually I 'd be stripped down to my underwear , " said the man , now 25 . "  He 'd jump into bed with me , start tickling me , blowing on my stomach and pelvis . He would also , at times , touch my penis . " Asked if he told Sandusky to stop , he said , "  No . I was enjoying the things I was getting too much , " referencing trips to football games and favors from Sandusky . "  He made me feel like I was part of something , like a family , " he said . "  He gave me things that I had never had before . ... I loved him . " He said he never told anyone about his experiences . Eventually , he said , he was sent to group homes , then foster care . "  He never contacted me , " he said of Sandusky , saying he was angry "  because he could just forget about me , like I was nothing , after all that . " By 1999 , as a 12-year-old , he testified , he was uncomfortable with the contact . "  I would roll over  in bed  and try to get away from him , " he said . "  That 's pretty much where it would stop ; I would n't let it go any further . " Alleged Sandusky victim details abuse Alleged Victim 6 testified about the 1998 incident , when he was 11 , that triggered a police investigation . After working out with Sandusky at Penn State , he told jurors he recalled feeling uncomfortable while showering with Sandusky . He said that when both were naked , he started to shower across the room from Sandusky . "  I did n't want to be right next to him in the shower . I felt really awkward with that situation . " But , he said , Sandusky told him to come over next to him , then began tickling him . "  I believe at one point he grabbed me from behind and gave me a big bear hug . ... He said , ` I 'm going to squeeze your guts out . ' I remember seeing his chest hair right in my face , and thinking , ` This is icky . ' " He remembered Sandusky helped wash him and told him , " ` Let me help you with your back , where you ca n't reach . ' ... It was just escalating , the uncomfortableness of it . " He testified that he can not remember anything , even the trip home , after Sandusky lifted him up to the shower head to get the shampoo out of his hair . "  It 's just kind of black , " he said . When he got home , he said he told his mother : " ` By the way , if you see my hair is wet , it 's because we took a shower , " adding , "  She knew who I took a shower with . I told her bits and pieces , but not about everything that happened . " His mother , he testified , called police . Schreffler testified he interviewed the boy and , after consulting with the district attorney 's office , asked the mother to invite Sandusky to her home twice with authorities hiding in another room . During the second meeting , he heard Sandusky make the statement about forgiveness , he said . Schreffler said he talked with Sandusky as well . The then-coach acknowledged showering with other boys but said nothing sexual had taken place , he said . Sandusky "  stated that he did think it was maybe inappropriate , " Schreffler said . "  He would n't do it again . ... He used the term ` bad judgment . ' " Asked if any charges were filed , Schreffler said , "  No . I felt there should be some charges , something , but the DA did n't go for that . " "  There was a missed opportunity in 1998 , an opportunity that was n't just missed by one person -- it was missed by multiple people , " Howard Janet , an attorney representing Alleged Victim 6 , told reporters afterward . Under cross-examination , Alleged Victim 6 acknowledged he maintained contact with Sandusky afterward , attending football games with him , meeting him and his wife for lunch and at one point borrowing his car . He also said he sent Sandusky holiday greetings , including one saying , "  I 'm glad God has placed you in my life . " The two never again showered together , however , he said . Alleged Victim 3 was asked by defense attorney Joe Amendola about his grand jury testimony , in which he said he had stayed at the Sandusky home more than 25 times , not more than 50 as he testified Thursday . "  But then I thought about it more , " the man said . "  I 've tried to block this out of my brain . " Both accusers acknowledged Thursday they had hired civil attorneys , but said they had not paid them anything . Under questioning from Amendola , Schreffler looked at a transcript of his May 1998 interview with Alleged Victim 6 and testified the boy insisted Sandusky never touched him in an inappropriate place or asked the boy to touch his "  private parts . " In opening statements , defense lawyer Amendola suggested his client would take the stand and say he routinely "  got showers with kids " after working out . Opinion : In Sandusky trial , a second act for McQueary ? CNN 's Laura Dolan , Dana Garrett and InSession 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	Another accuser testifies ; the trial recesses until Monday Photos of some of the accusers are found at Sandusky 's home , an agent testifies Another accuser says Jerry Sandusky touched him inappropriately An accuser says he ca n't remember part of a shower with Sandusky
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Somalia 's Parliament ousted the country 's Prime Minister in a vote of no confidence Monday after a dispute between him and the President over Cabinet picks . The move against Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon is the latest government shake-up for a country that has struggled to achieve an effective central government since a dictator 's overthrow two decades ago . Shirdon , in office less than 14 months , lost the confidence vote 184-65 , Parliament Speaker Mohamed Osman Jawari said . He said the current government will remain until a new prime minister takes office . Somalia 's constitution gives President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud a month to appoint a new prime minister , who would need to be confirmed by Parliament . Al-Shabaab attack on Somali police station kills at least 12 Mohamud appointed Shirdon to the post in October 2012 , just a month after lawmakers elected Mohamud to his office . But relations between the two leaders soured when Shirdon , who was supposed to serve a four-year term , refused to put Mohamud 's picks into the Cabinet , which was going to be reshuffled and expanded . "  Some members of the Cabinet who are looking for their own interest , and not the interest of the nation , are the ones behind " the no-confidence vote , Shirdon told reporters in his office on Monday . He said before the vote that he would comply with whatever decision the Parliament made . Mohamud said Monday that he recognized "  the effort and the dedication of the outgoing Prime Minister and his Cabinet . " "  I also congratulate the speaker and his deputies  for  their leadership of the Parliament 's deliberation in this critical time of the Parliament 's history , " Mohamud said in a news release . Shirdon is the fifth Somali prime minister removed from his post without finishing his term since dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown 22 years ago . When he accepted the position in 2012 , Shirdon , an economist who used to run an import business in neighboring Kenya , told the Parliament that his government would do more to ensure the security of the country and to fight against terrorism and piracy . Somalia plunged into chaos after Barre was overthrown in 1991 . After his ouster , clan warlords and militants battled for control , sparking a civil war and nationwide mayhem . Central governance has been shaky since then . One of the largest challenges is Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab , which is fighting the government in hopes of turning Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Prime Minister , President had clashed over Cabinet picks Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon served less than 14 months of four-year term This is latest shake-up in country that has struggled for effective central governance
I was n't always in love with the idea of fitness or being healthy . But it 's something that became extremely important after losing one of my best friends , Scott Pollock , in December 2005 , and realizing that life was way too short to just be thrown away on junk food and little activity ; that was n't living . When Scott passed , I made a promise to him and myself that I would do everything in my power to keep his dreams of making a difference for people with different abilities in the world of fitness alive . I was n't quite sure how I was going to do it , but I knew that if I wanted to I would have to get myself in shape first and the rest would soon fall into place . In my freshman year at Lynn University , as I was looking through pictures posted on Facebook , I began to see a person I did n't like , and I knew something needed to be done to change it . By the time I started my sophomore year and was acclimated with the campus , I had made a great deal of friends and was doing well in school , but something was missing . I was going to the gym about three times a week doing as much as I could on my own , but it was n't always easy to get in and out of machines or to know which exercises would be beneficial . I told my family what I was trying to do and they agreed to support me so I could work with a personal trainer . After meeting with a few different people , I met with Frank Manusky . That 's when the transformation began . From my first meeting with Frank , I knew this was going to be successful . He had worked with people of the adaptive population before and had told me that anything was possible , as long I wanted it to be . About four months into our training , I came to Frank with what seemed to be a crazy idea : After watching athletes compete in hand cycles one weekend I wanted to complete a marathon . Without hesitation , he said , "  OK , let 's get to work then . " I finished my first hand-cycling marathon on December 4 , 2011 , with a time of 4:34:14 . When I looked up at that clock , more exhausted than I have ever been , something inside of me said , "  I have to do this again , but next time do it better . " That was the day my competitive spirit was brought to life . I competed in several races after that and loved every second of it , but I wanted to get stronger . This is when I first heard about CrossFit . I walked into my first CrossFit box  gym  on May 3 , 2012 . I saw people who had just finished a workout lying flat on their backs , breathing heavily , looking like they had just come out of a war zone . I thought to myself , "  I want to do this and look like that someday . " That first day I spent close to an hour with Scott Lefferts , owner of CrossFit Hard Core Boca Raton . We talked about everything from what I had done before , to what I thought I could do , to what I thought at the time was physically impossible . Scott accepted me for everything I was and together we took it workout by workout . Six months into my experience , I saw undeniable changes . I was stronger , I was moving faster , and all I could seem to think or talk about was CrossFit . It 's now been a year . I have worked with several different coaches and have had the opportunity to travel the country showing people how an adaptive athlete with CP gets it done . If you would have told me that in a year I would be lifting weights over my head , flipping tires and coaching this sport , I would n't have believed you , but this is my reality . As an adaptive athlete and coach , I see and do things differently than most , but that does n't make my desire to be great any weaker . In CrossFit when the term "  RX 'd " is used it means an athlete has done something as prescribed . My weights and rep scheme may never be RX , but my effort always will be . If this last year has taught me anything , it 's to embrace every challenge that comes your way because you never know when that challenge is going to turn into great opportunity .	Stephanie Hammerman began getting in shape after a friend 's death She completed a hand-cycling marathon in December 2011 In the past year , she 's become a CrossFit trainer
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The United Nations ' anti-drugs chief has denounced celebrities such as pop star Amy Winehouse and supermodel Kate Moss , saying that their alleged drug use was helping devastate West Africa . Amy Winehouse 's battles with her addiction are well-documented . "  Coke-snorting fashionistas are not only damaging their noses and brains -- they are contributing to state failure on the other side of the world , " wrote Antonio Maria Costa , the executive director of the UN 's Office on Drugs and Crime . The comments , published in an opinion piece in the British newspaper The Observer , was the second time in two weeks that the United Nations has criticized celebrity drug use . A report last week by the International Narcotics Control Board said that drug laws should not be disproportionately applied . And letting celebrities get away with drug use creates a perception among youth that those offenders are treated leniently . Read about the earlier warning from the United Nations drug control agency Costa , in his piece , said the cocaine used in Europe passes through impoverished countries in west Africa where governments have n't been able to mount an effective fight against the drug traders . "  In the 19th century , Europe 's hunger for slaves devastated west Africa , " he said . "  Two hundred years later , its growing appetite for cocaine could do the same . " The drug trade , Costa said , has corrupted the governments of some countries , and created addicts in a continent where treatment facilities are rare . "  Amy Winehouse might adopt a defiant pose and slur her way through ` Rehab '  her Grammy Award-winning hit  but does she realize the message she sends to others who are vulnerable to addiction and who can not afford expensive treatment ? " he said . Winehouse 's battles with her addiction are well-documented . The singer -- whose song "  Rehab " describes her reluctance to enter a rehabilitation center -- checked herself into one on January 24 after the leak of a home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe . What was in the pipe was unknown . Scotland Yard has said it is looking into the video . Winehouse scooped up five statues at the Grammy Awards last month , including the best record and song of the year for "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's spokesman , Chris Goodman , called Costa a "  ludicrous man . " "  Amy has never given a quote about drugs or flaunted it in any way , " Goodman told the newspaper . "  She 's had some problems and is trying to get better . The U.N. should get its own house in order . " Costa also took model Kate Moss to task , contrasting her alleged actions to those of singers Bob Geldof and Bono who have campaigned against poverty in Africa . Bob Geldof is best known for organizing a series of benefit concerts , including Live Aid . Bono , the frontman for U2 , has taken on a campaign to get Western nations to write off the debt they are owed by some African countries . "  For every rebel with a cause , there are 10 others without a clue , " Costa wrote . "  While some well-meaning pop idols and film stars might rage against suffering in Africa , their work is being undermined by the drug habits of careless peer such as Kate Moss . " Three years ago , London 's Daily Mirror newspaper printed photos it said showed the Moss using cocaine . She later issued a statement where she apologized to "  all the people I have let down " and said she took "  full responsibility " for her actions . E-mail to a friend	U.N. anti-drugs chief denounces celebrities Amy Winehouse and Kate Moss Maria Costa says their alleged drug use is helping devastate West Africa The U.N. has spoken out on the issue twice in two weeks Winehouse 's spokesman says the U.N. should "  get its own house in order "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban claimed responsibility for Tuesday 's suicide blast outside the Afghan Supreme Court , a brazen attack in the heart of Kabul that killed 17 people and wounded 39 . Zabiullah Mujahid , a Taliban spokesman , said in a statement e-mailed to media that government judges are oppressing and mistreating people in several parts of the country . The blast , which occurred near the U.S. Embassy on Tuesday afternoon , comes amid the Taliban 's spring offensive against Afghan government and coalition targets . A bomber in a Toyota Corolla targeted a convoy of minibuses on their way out of the court compound to drop off staffers at their homes , said Hashmat Stanikzai , a spokesman for the city 's police chief . Deputy Police Chief Dawood Amin said two women and three children were among the 17 people slain . Eight women were among those injured , Amin said . The Taliban statement said the militants had been following Supreme Court judges and high-ranking staff members for a long time before they launched the attack . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force condemned the attack . "  Once again the enemies of Afghanistan have demonstrated a complete lack of respect for human life , " said Gen. Joseph F. Dunford , the ISAF commander . "  The targeting of hard working Afghans on their way home from work is reprehensible . " The bomb detonated near Masoud Circle and "  was designed to cause the maximum number of civilian casualties , " the ISAF said . "  There 's no other way to explain it . The extremists deliberately detonated a powerful bomb among a crowd of innocent Afghan civilians , " Dunford said . Insurgents have carried out many attacks across the country this spring . So far , at least 18 coalition soldiers have died in June . 2 children beheaded by militants , Afghan authorities say Reports surfaced Monday of Taliban militants beheading two children in Kandahar province , acts that the militant group has denied . On Monday , Taliban fighters armed with guns and explosives clashed with security forces after taking over a building near the airport in Kabul , the Afghan capital . The fighting ended with all seven attackers dead , Afghan officials said . Last month , a suicide car bombing on a coalition convoy in central Kabul killed at least 12 people , six of them American and six Afghan . The insurgent group Hezb-e Islami claimed responsibility for that attack . The group is not under the Taliban leadership , but operates alongside them .	NEW : NATO 's International Security Assistance Force condemns the attack The bombing , which also was near the U.S. Embassy , injures 39 Women and children were among the casualties The bombing comes as the Taliban have stepped up the fight against the coalition
CNN  -- When Marvel Comics Executive Editor Tom Brevoort told CNN in December that "  something new " would come out of the recent death of the Fantastic Four 's Human Torch , he was n't kidding . For starters , they wo n't even be using the name Fantastic Four . On Wednesday , Marvel announced that the team is now going to be called the Future Foundation , debuting in "  FF " No. 1 in March . Gone are the traditional blue costumes . The team will now be wearing white-and-black costumes  with three hexagons replacing the trademark number "  4 , " as well  . And then there 's the cherry on top : Reed "  Mr. Fantastic " Richards , Sue "  Invisible Woman " Richards and Ben "  The Thing " Grimm will now be joined by the superstar of the Marvel Universe , none other than Spider-Man  also wearing a new white-and-black costume  . Reaction to the news from comic book fans has run the gamut . Here 's a sample : Spider-Man joining "  FF " makes perfect sense ! "  I think it 's a great idea , " said Bob Bretall of the ComicBookPage podcast . "  The association between Spidey and the FF goes all the way back to ` Amazing Spider-Man ' No. 1 in 1962 . " One of the most memorable examples of this on-again , off-again partnership with the FF involved a very different kind of costume change . In a 1984 issue of "  Amazing Spider-Man , " the webhead ended up putting on the iconic original Fantastic Four costume ... and they got around the problem of his mask by having him wear a brown paper bag on his head . Bretall thinks that Spidey joining the team makes sense on another level : "  Given that Johnny  Storm , the Human Torch  has long been Spider-Man 's best friend as a superhero , it just feels right for him to step in and round out the roster to four . " Comic book historian Alan Kistler agreed : "  Spider-Man is a scientist with a different perspective than Mr. Fantastic , and he specializes in different fields , so it could be very interesting to see how his own expertise rounds out this new Future Foundation . And from another angle , it could be interesting to see how Spidey feels about essentially replacing a person he considered a friend and what kind of pressure this will place on him . " On Twitter , @solidcolt put it this way : " ` Amazing Spider-Man ' is possibly better then it 's ever been . And now he 's joining  writer Jonathan  Hickman 's FF so that third movie is totally forgiven . " Too much Spidey ? "  That 's enough Spidey ! You are everywhere already ! " wrote @kodok_biroe on Twitter . He might be the most recognizable character from Marvel Comics , and it 's not hard to imagine why Spider-Man is so ubiquitous . He 's even a current member of the Avengers . There 's a lot of buzz around the new "  Spider-Man " film reboot starring Andrew Garfield . And then there 's that Broadway musical that made so many headlines before it even officially opened . Still , some fans might be left to wonder : Why Spider-Man ? Why not a new character for the team ? "  Injecting Spider-Man into the Fantastic Four will probably boost sales , but it feels like Marvel is kind of pimping out the character and spreading him too thin , " Sean Fallon wrote at Nerdapproved.com . "  Normally , the addition of Spider-Man to a ` team ' comic might worry me a bit . Spidey is -- along with Wolverine -- one of the most oversaturated characters in the Marvel Universe , " G4 TV 's comic book guru Blair Butler said . "  But this new version of the Fantastic Four comes to us from Hickman -- one of the most innovative voices working in comics today -- so I 'm actually really looking forward to it , white suits and all . And if you 've read Hickman 's other work , the new title and costumes seem to fit his science-based vision of the Fantastic Four perfectly . " Yes , about those new costumes ... FF 's new costumes are true to its roots ComicBookPage podcaster John Mayo is a fan of the team 's new look : "  The new costumes look great . " Kistler , who often blogs about superhero fashion , looked at what makes the FF special in his assessment of the costumes : "  The FF  spend their spare time looking for other planets and dimensions to explore rather than patrolling for criminals to stop . So the new FF suits work for me as a compromise between customized NASA flight suits and ` Star Trek ' uniforms . " White costumes ... really ?  And what about Spidey ? "  I 'm not too thrilled about the move away from traditional blue , but I 'm sure ill get over it , " Bretall said . "  The new costumes are sleek , if not colorful . " And even though Kistler liked the FF costumes , he is not as thrilled about Spider-Man 's look . "  It 's off-putting at first . Spider-Man has such a unique costume design , with interesting line work and shape , and now most of that 's been removed . Black and white works for the rest of the FF , because it 's supposed to symbolize their stark look on reality following the Human Torch 's death , but Spidey 's faced personal death and tragedy many times and has maintained a colorful sense of humor and the belief that eventually things will get better , " he said . "  On the other hand , it would be boring to have him wear his classic costume and just add the hexagons to his shirt , so I can accept this as his FF outfit that he wears when he 's representing their interests . If he were wearing this in his own comics as well , I 'd have a bigger problem with it . " Is this really a permanent change ? As Kistler noted not too long ago on Newsarama.com , the FF have had a lot of costume changes over the years , though this one may be the most drastic . There have also been a number of changes with the Fantastic Four over the years , particularly the "  Heroes Reborn " storyline in the '90s . Which begs the question , how long will these changes last ? "  While I am sure I 'll continue to enjoy the title as it becomes ` The Future Foundation ' for the next year , I fully expect that a year from now , the big news around the title will be that it is reverting to Fantastic Four just in time for issue No. 600 , " speculated Mayo . "  Moreover , there is a strong possibility that issue will feature the heroic return of the Human Torch . " Permanent or not , it will be interesting to see whether these radical changes will ultimately be accepted . Brevoort promises a "  unique , powerful new series that 's going to surprise a lot of fans with its combination of mind-blowing ideas and visuals . " If it lives up to that promise , you 'll be sure to hear exclamations of "  Excelsior ! " from readers .	Fantastic Four lost a team member when Human Torch was killed in January In the aftermath of that loss , the team is changing its name and look "  FF " No. 1 will debut the revitalized team , with Spider-Man rounding them out Reaction to this development among fans has run the gamut
CNN  -- From cattle rancher to campaigner : Defiant Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy has taken his anti-government message on the campaign trail . And he did n't rule out revolution . At a northern Nevada campaign stop , Bundy said he did n't "  ever want to see " one but did say "  if we do n't rein back this federal government , then we the people are going to have to fight . " Bundy spoke Tuesday at the Bonanza Casino in Reno for tea party candidate Russell Best , a poorly funded long-shot candidate for Nevada 's 4th Congressional District , CNN affiliate KRNV reports . Best faces Republican Cresent Hardy and first-term Democratic incumbent Rep. Steven Horsford , who is favored to win , according to race handicappers . "  Basically fight for liberty and freedom , and we 're fighting against a federal government that 's overreached , " Bundy told the crowd of about 50 people . Bundy became a hero to some conservatives in March when he was locked in an armed standoff with the federal government after allowing his cattle to illegally graze on government-owned land . His mainstream support , however , diminished after he made racist remarks . Bundy 's Reno campaign stop was the first of a four-city rural Nevada tour for tea party candidates . FBI investigating Bundy standoff and supporters	Cliven Bundy takes his anti-government message on the campaign trail in Nevada Bundy became a conservative hero in March during an armed standoff with the feds He said he does n't want a revolution but did n't count one out
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama made light of the serious -- a Secret Service scandal and lavish spending at a government conference -- and the inconsequential -- the graying of his hair -- at the annual White House Correspondents ' Association Dinner on Saturday night . And he even made time for business tycoon Donald Trump , whom Obama kidded at last year 's dinner about pushing the president to release his long-form birth certificate . "  We gather during a historic anniversary . This weekend last year , we finally delivered justice to one of the world 's most notorious individuals , " Obama said to a packed ballroom at the Washington Hilton . A photo of Trump was shown , rather than that of slain al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Obama then went back even further in time . "  Four years ago , I was in a brutal primary battle with Hillary Clinton , " Obama said . "  Four years later , she wo n't stop drunk texting me from Cartagena , " a reference to the city where Secret Service agents allegedly consorted with prostitutes . He then pointed out photos of his hair four years ago , and in 2012 , showing it had grayed considerably . "  Four years from now I will look like this , " he said to laughs as a photo of actor Morgan Freeman was shown to the audience of more than 2,500 . Journalists and news organizations were well-represented at the affair and they brought famous faces in tow . Among those who dazzled on the red carpet Saturday were Claire Danes , Elizabeth Banks , Paul Rudd , Sigourney Weaver , Eva Longoria , Viola Davis , Kerry Washington , Rachel Zoe , Goldie Hawn and Josh Hutcherson . The annual gala , also known as the "  Nerd Prom , " raises money for journalism scholarships . The president , speaking before comedian Jimmy Kimmel , made light of a General Services Adminstration conference in Las Vegas that cost more than $ 800,000 . "  Look at this party . We have men in tuxes , women in gowns , fine wine , first-class entertainment . I was relieved to hear it was not a GSA conference , " Obama quipped . He even chided Kimmel , star of ABC 's "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " "  Jimmy got his start on the ` Man Show . ' In Washington , that is what we call a congressional hearing on contraception . " Kimmel , who took the stage following the president 's monologue , hit back . "  Remember when the country rallied around you in the hopes of a better tomorrow ? " Kimmel asked . "  That was hilarious . " Kimmel said there was a term for "  guys like the president , " and it was n't two terms . Nobody in the room was safe from Kimmel 's barbs , which he fired at politicians , journalists , celebrities and corporate executives in attendance . Kimmel praised Michelle Obama 's work to combat obesity with her health initiative . The comedian then pointed out rotund New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to the first lady . "  Look , it 's Chris Christie . Get him , " Kimmel said . Kimmel then took aim at Newt Gingrich 's weight . But Kimmel 's fat jokes fell , well , flat with the former House speaker . The dinner was Obama 's fourth as president . It has been a ritual in Washington since 1920 , when it was first held to boost communication between the press and the president , according to the association 's website . It was open only to men until 1962 , when President John F. Kennedy said he would not attend unless women were invited . Speaking of women , first ladies have been known to get in their own digs . In 2005 , Laura Bush said friends went out one night to see male strippers after Bush , "  Mr. Excitement , " was typically fast asleep at 9 p.m. First lady Hillary Clinton was featured in a video clip shown at the 2000 dinner . Seated in a limousine , she told the camera , "  I wish I could be here more , but I really think Bill has everything under control . " The president ran out to the White House driveway , yelling after the departing car , shouting , "  Wait ! Wait ! You forgot your lunch ! " While the dinner is notorious for its bawdy humor , the president took a moment to remember the sacrifices of journalists Anthony Shadid and Marie Colvin , who both died while covering the conflict in Syria .	Jimmy Kimmel gives as good as he gets The president makes light of the Secret Service , GSA scandals He also makes references to Donald Trump and his own hair
CERN , Switzerland  CNN  -- Scientists Wednesday applauded as one of the most ambitious experiments ever conceived got successfully underway , with protons being fired around a 27-kilometer  17-mile  tunnel deep beneath the border of France and Switzerland in an attempt to unlock the secrets of the universe . The Large Hadron Collider -- a $ 9 billion particle accelerator designed to simulate conditions of the Big Bang that created the physical Universe -- was switched on at 0732 GMT to cheers and applause from experts gathered to witness the event . While observers were left nonplussed by the anticlimactic flashing dots on a TV screen that signalled the machine 's successful test run , among teams of scientists involved around the world there were jubilant celebrations and popping champagne corks . In the coming months , the collider is expected to begin smashing particles into each other by sending two beams of protons around the tunnel in opposite directions . Skeptics , who claim that the experiment could lead to the creation of a black hole capable of swallowing the planet , failed in a legal bid to halt the project at CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research . Others have branded it a colossal waste of cash , draining resources from its multinational collaborators that could have been spent on scientific research with more tangible benefits to mankind . Sound off : What do you think of the experiment ? French President Nicolas Sarkozy hailed the project as a major achievement for Europe . "  The repercussions of this scientific investment without precedent in the history of humanity will be essential not only for the intimate knowledge of our universe , but also for the direct applications in fields as varied as intensive calculation or even medicine , " he said . Watch as Big Bang experiment gets underway " The collider will operate at higher energies and intensities in the next year , potentially generating enough data to make a discovery by 2009 , experts say . They say the experiment has the potential to confirm theories that physicists have been working on for decades including the possible existence of extra dimensions . They also hope to find a theoretical particle called the Higgs boson -- sometimes referred to as the "  God particle , " which has never been detected , but would help explain why matter has mass . The collider will recreate the conditions of less than a millionth of a second after the Big Bang , when there was a hot "  soup " of tiny particles called quarks and gluons , to look at how the universe evolved , said John Harris , U.S. coordinator for ALICE , a huge detector specialized to analyze that question . Since this is exploratory science , the collider may uncover surprises that contradict prevailing theories , but which are just as interesting , said Joseph Lykken , theoretical physicist at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory . "  When Columbus sails west , he thought he was going to find something . He did n't find what he thought he was going to find , but he did find something interesting , " said Lykken , who works on the Compact Muon Solenoid , one of six experiments inside the collider complex . Why should the layperson care about this particular exploration ? Years ago , when electrons were first identified , no one knew what they were good for , but they have since transformed our entire economy , said Howard Gordon , deputy research program manager for the collider 's ATLAS experiment . "  The transformative effect of this research will be to understand the world we live in much better , " said Gordon , at Brookhaven National Laboratory . "  It 's important for just who we are , what we are . " Fears have emerged that the collider could produce black holes that could suck up anything around them -- including the whole Earth . Such fears prompted legal actions in the U.S. and Europe to halt the operation of the Large Hadron Collider , alleging safety concerns regarding black holes and other phenomena that could theoretically emerge . Although physicists acknowledge that the collider could , in theory , create small black holes , they say they do not pose any risk . A study released Friday by CERN scientists explains that any black hole created would be tiny , and would not have enough energy to stick around very long before dissolving . Five collider collaborators who did not pen the report independently told CNN there would be no danger from potential black holes . John Huth , who works on the collider 's ATLAS experiment , called such fears "  baloney " in a recent interview , and noted that in normal physics , even if the black hole were stable , it could just pass through the Earth without being detected or without interacting at all . "  The gravitational force is so weak that you 'd have to wait many , many , many , many , many lifetimes of the universe before one of these things could -LSB- get -RSB- big enough to even get close to being a problem , " said Huth , professor of physics at Harvard University . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this story	Startup has been eagerly awaited by 9,000 physicists around the world It 's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $ 9 billion Lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the Earth
CNN  -- When I was eight , my mother enrolled me in ballet classes . I loved it . Every Saturday we would trek across town to the building that housed the big bright room with the large mirrors . We would sit in the waiting room with the other girls my age , all of us in our pink leotards and soft pink satin shoes , with our moms at our side . Once inside , we would be taught the most delicate of moves from first position to fourth . They were gentle and fun but I was impatient . I wanted to stand on my toes . I wanted to do the pointes and twirl . That was n't to be . After a mere three weeks , just three lessons , I told my mother I no longer wanted to continue . I told her it just was n't for me . What I did n't tell her was that they were n't teaching us what I thought ballet was all about : dancing on your toes . At eight , I naively thought I could do it ! My mother did n't force me but as I think back to that time , I wish she had . In some countries , ballet and the arts are part of the cultural DNA . In Russia , there is a great respect for the heritage and pride in what they do so well . The Bolshoi Ballet is considered the preeminent ballet company in the world and across Russia similar companies are religious about their art . In December , I was in St Petersburg where we hosted icon 's ballet edition . Seeing the inner workings of a ballet company and being backstage was such an eye-opening experience . We were fortunate enough to be in on a rehearsal as Nacho Duato , the Mikhailovsky Theatre 's new Artistic Director was choreographing his first dance with his three principal dancers . This was no ordinary rehearsal , and Duato 's appointment is no ordinary promotion . The Spaniard is the first foreigner to lead a major dance company in Russia since Frenchman Marius Petipa over a century ago . There are politics even in this seemingly serene artistic world . National companies compete to get the best dancers and directors and there is pressure to deliver a style of ballet that will bring audiences to theaters . There is also great debate over the merits of contemporary ballet versus the classics . Conventional wisdom says that the audience wants to see what they know : "  Swan Lake , " "  The Nutcracker , " "  La Sylphide " are just a few examples of what usually sells . But there are artistic directors out there who feel the art of ballet is almost a living , breathing thing -- something that needs to evolve . Duato , is an avid supporter of contemporary ballet , so much so that he has made it is life 's work . His difficulty before arriving in Russia was the reluctance of some companies to move beyond the classics and into a new world of contemporary choreographed ballet . With the Mikhailovsky , he told me he found a good balance . He said , "  Nowadays you ca n't have a relevant company in the world that does n't do modern and classical at the same time ... It really is a pleasure to be in a place where ballet  has been  part of the cultural tradition for so long and at the same time they want to break through and do new things . " When I watch a ballerina move , I covet her grace , but perhaps more than anything , I am in awe of her strength . Every move has purpose and precision . Every muscle is alert and ready to perform on command . What look like light steps and twirls take body control akin to a boxer waiting to take his next punch . Interestingly , some boxers look to ballet as part of their training , especially when it comes to moving their feet . It takes extreme discipline to move so lightly and so purposefully . Discipline that makes each move look easy . A dancer on a stage is the culmination of years of discipline and passion for perfection ; years in which each move and each sequence is like oxygen to the dancer ... something they ca n't or wo n't live without . Ballet is smooth and strong , pristine and powerful , romantic and riveting . Even if you 're not an avid fan , I 'm sure you 'll develop at the very least , respect for this most graceful of art forms where dancers bend their bodies in moves that would be painful for mere mortals , but that they make look so easy .	In Russia there is a great respect for the heritage of ballet Mikhailovsky Theatre 's new Artistic Director is Nacho Duato Duato is the first foreigner to lead a major dance company in Russia for over a century ago There is a great debate over the merits of contemporary ballet versus those of the classics
When James Theodorou reflects on mistakes from past jobs , he cringes to think about the role he played in printing 4 million copies of a well-known U.S. magazine with the wrong date on the cover . It was the early 1980s and Theodorou was working as an offset stripper , who performs platemaking and stripping for presses . He said he could only wait in horror as his little mistake was distributed across the country . The memory is burned into his brain . It resurfaced earlier this month when he learned of the nurse in the United Kingdom who put through a prank call from two Australian DJs to the ward where Prince William 's wife , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , was being treated for acute morning sickness . Who was nurse Jacintha Saldanha ? While the circumstances of the nurse 's death remain unclear , the incident prompted Theodorou and many other CNN.com readers to share stories of dealing with stressful situations on the job , making mistakes and moving on . Mistakes are an opportunity to see how you can do something differently , said commenter RealityChk101 , a software engineer from North Dakota who has had "  code blow up in my face several times , sometimes with disastrous results , " he said . "  In almost every case I have had to take the action of documenting every little thing that went wrong , why it went wrong and how this was never going to happen again . " The commenter , who asked not to have his real name used , said he once was mortified to find that he had somehow stripped last names from everyone in a database . His co-workers made up a song about him , to the tune of "  Candy Man , " asking "  Who can take the last name , and throw it all away ? " After his initial panicked reaction , he calmed down and came up with ways to rectify the situation . "  I spent two days calling those 500 people , getting their last names , " he said . "  Management figured that was punishment enough . " The commenter said his situation pales in comparison to the stress nurses and hospital workers deal with daily , where lives are at stake . "  Hospitals are by their nature a stressful place : you have births , sickness and death , all under one roof , " he said . "  Caregivers are bombarded by every type of emotion on a daily basis . " The incident caused him to fear that he would lose his job . But talking to co-workers proved to be helpful , he said . "  In most of those cases , my co-workers were supportive , and when I needed more support , I just unloaded emotionally on my wife of 33 years . " Seeking support from others can be helpful , especially in cases where you think you might be in danger of losing your job , said Christine Porath , associate professor of management at Georgetown University . They may help you see things differently . Porath said people of all occupations often place their self worth in their jobs because they see them as much more than a task . "  Their heart and soul is in their job , so their identity is wrapped in it , which is great , but when your job is threatened or you make a mistake , that makes it all the more harder . " It helps to get a bit of perspective on the situation by disengaging and "  stepping away from the workplace to focus on everything else that you have , " she said . "  I think it makes the support aspect all the more important . You really need to focus on other parts of your life . " Employers also benefit from keeping their employees happy , said Porath , who researches the effects of incivility in the workplace . Most people are focused on the outward display of anger and far less aware of the devastating effects of being afraid or sad about one 's status in the organization , she said . These latter two emotions are the ones that are more likely to cause people to leave their jobs , she said . Since his first public gaffe , Theodorou said he has learned to handle workplace stress by maintaining an emotional detachment from the task at hand while making decisions . "  By using logic , and following the  standard operating procedures  , everything is no longer personal , just business . Even errors . I then go home and engage my hobbies . " Theodorou had no choice but to try to do better on the next issue of the magazine . He slowed down and went over his work again carefully . He made a checklist and had another technician perform a quality control inspection before starting the four-hour process of printing the covers . "  It only added about 15 minutes to the job , but they were a well-spent 15 minutes , " he said . Corporate recruiter Steven Raz said the recession can increase people 's concerns about doing well at work . He advised that if you do make a mistake , you should have a plan to correct it . If the mistake is big , get help . "  It 's always recommended that if something happens like that , and it 's too big to handle , that 's when you should bring in your boss , " Raz said . Some people may be tempted to say nothing , but that can be dangerous , he added . "  If you tell the truth , you do n't have to worry about what truth you 've told , " Raz said . What do you think ? Have you ever made a big mistake at work or encountered a stressful situation ? How did you get through it ? Share your views in the comments area below or post video commentary on CNN iReport . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Story of nurse who took a prank call prompted commenters to talk about their own errors Making a mistake can be scary , but there are things you can do to improve the outcome What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
CNN  -- Weeks before his arrest on a charge of attempting to assassinate President Barack Obama , an Idaho man taped a video pitch for Oprah Winfrey -- expressing his contempt for government , offering secrets to solving global problems and proclaiming himself to be "  the modern-day Jesus Christ . " The video , released Friday to CNN by Idaho State University , features a man dressed in all black , with brown hair , a beard and a crucifix hanging around his neck . "  My name is Oscar Ortega from Idaho Falls , Idaho , and I feel like I am the perfect candidate to get cast on your show because not only do I have a solution to make a huge impact on this world with small changes to our daily lives , I also have with me the answer to worldwide peace , " he states . The previous Friday , a witness in Washington described to investigators hearing about "  eight sounds of popping noise " and seeing "  puffs of air " from a car that was registered to Ortega . One bullet hit a window on the White House but was stopped by bulletproof glass , the Secret Service said , while another was found on the White House exterior . The president was in California that day , traveling with first lady Michelle Obama later that night to Hawaii . The suspect , identified in court records as Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez of Idaho Falls , was arrested Wednesday in western Pennsylvania . Many questions remain unanswered about the young man who faces the rare charge of trying to kill the president of the United States . Public and court records shed some light on Ortega 's background , as does a story that appeared Friday in the Post Register in Idaho Falls . So , too , does the video shot by Idaho State student Ramon Bailey in September , according to CNN affiliate KIFI . In the video , Ortega alludes to having had "  a taste of gang life ... as a child , " suggesting he 's moved on . He segues to a rant against the U.S. government , which he claims bullies other nations and has "  deceived the American people so that  it  can steal other countries ' goods , which is the oil . " "  I have never felt so sure about something in my whole life . I 'm willing to defend these words with my heart , my soul , flesh and bones , " Ortega says . "  Please do not take me as a joke or as a deception . I have never felt so sure that I was sent here from God to lead the world to Zion . " Later , he adds , "  It 's not just a coincidence that I look like Jesus . I am the modern-day Jesus Christ that you all have been waiting for " -- before "  begging " Winfrey to put him on her show . The "  Oprah " show went off the air last spring . Still , Winfrey remains involved in the OWN network she helped create , and its website features "  casting calls " for people who might want to get on air . Ortega left his home in Idaho Falls in a black Honda a month ago , telling his family he was going on vacation for a week , according to the Post Register . The next time his family heard any news of his whereabouts was when investigators in Pennsylvania arrested him . His sister , Yesenia Hernandez , told the Post Register that she noticed that her brother 's appearance had recently changed . He used to cut his hair once a week , she told the paper . That 's a contrast to the image of a young man with an unruly beard who has appeared on television screens across the country . With long , tangled hair and a beard , Ortega wore a white jumpsuit and was handcuffed , his legs chained , as he entered a courtroom this week guarded by U.S. marshals . "  That 's what started making me think there was something wrong , " his sister told the Idaho newspaper . "  I 'd ask , ` Is it for the  mixed-martial arts  fighting ? ' He said , ` No . I 'm just trying something different . ' It was weird . Now he looks like , I guess , like a terrorist . It 's like he 's trying to play out the part . " Ortega 's mother , Maria Hernandez , also saw changes in her son but told the Post Register that they were of a more positive nature . Before , he would party a lot , and before his recent departure from Idaho , had been spending more time with his son , whose name is tattooed on his neck , his mother said . Ortega mentions his son in the video . "  A year ago , every Friday and Saturday night , he was out partying with his friends and not coming home at all , " Maria Hernandez told the newspaper . "  He started staying home on the weekends with his little boy . "  It was not like he was acting violent or getting drunk and all drugged up . " Ortega 's relatives did not respond to CNN interview requests this week . Public records show that Ortega had a series of run-ins with the law going back into his teen years . Some charges were for minor infractions , like failure to affix tags to a dog 's collar and seat belt violations . He was charged at least twice with battery , but those charges were dismissed . In 2010 , in connection with one of those incidents , he was convicted of resisting arrest . Other charges included minor-in-possession of alcohol charges and even more traffic violations . In some cases , he was found guilty and paid fines , and others were dismissed . According to an FBI affidavit , one witness -- identified only as "  W-4 " -- told investigators that Ortega "  has increasingly become more agitated against the federal government , and is convinced that the federal government is conspiring against him . " He "  wanted to ` hurt ' President Obama and referred to him as ` the anti-Christ , ' " the witness said . Another witness , identified as "  W-6 , " also quoted Ortega calling Obama "  the anti-Christ . " This witness told agents Ortega told him he "  needed to kill him . " A third witness , "  W-7 , " told investigators Ortega owned an "  AK-47 like gun . " His "  opinions and comments regarding the government and President Obama have gotten worse " over the past year , the witness told agents . "  W-7 stated that Ortega-Hernandez believed President Obama is ` the devil , ' and that Ortega-Hernandez ` will not stop until it 's done . ' " the affidavit said . "  W-7 also reported that Ortega-Hernandez stated President Obama ` needed to be taken care of . ' "	NEW : Oscar Ortega taped a video pitch to Oprah Winfrey , released Friday by Idaho State NEW : He accuses the U.S. government of being bullies and deceiving its citizens NEW : "  I was sent here from God to lead the world to Zion , " he adds His family says they saw changes in him : some worrisome , some good
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British authorities and environmental groups were welcoming the launch this week of the world 's first biodegradable chewing gum , which they say could help save some of the millions spent on clearing up the mess ordinary gum creates . Manufacturers say the gum decomposes within six weeks . The new gum becomes non-adhesive when dry and decomposes to dust within six weeks , a spokesman for Mexico 's Chicza Mayan Rainforest Chewing Gum told CNN . The makers of Chicza say it is the first biodegradable chewing gum ever sold . Environmental and waste management groups told CNN that they , too , believe it is a first . Unlike other gums that contain petrochemicals the natural gum is produced from the sap of the chicozapote tree found in the Mexican rainforest , a spokesman for Chicza told CNN . A spokesman for campaign group Keep Britain Tidy told CNN they welcome any product that can help eradicate the staining on pavements caused by dropped chewing gum . Removing chewing gum litter costs local authorities # 150 million  $ 222 million  a year , a spokesman for the Local Government Association told CNN . Sixty-five percent of British streets have chewing gum stuck on them , a spokesman from Keep Britain Tidy told CNN . One of the worst-affected areas is Westminster in central London , where a comprehensive gum clean-up would cost # 9 million  $ 13.4 million  , according to Westminster City Council . "  Gum litter is a constant problem for us , especially given the vast number of visitors to Westminster every day . We spend # 100,000  $ 148,000  a year cleaning ugly blobs of conventional chewing gum off our streets , " Westminster City Councilor Danny Chalkley said in a written statement . "  It 's an incredibly expensive and time-consuming task , so anything that could reduce the problem is very welcome indeed . " he said . British parliamentarians have called on the government to introduce a tax on chewing gum , with the money raised going toward the cost of gum removal . In Britain , offenders can be fined up to # 80  $ 119  for discarding used chewing gum on a street . The producer of the new gum is Consorcio Chiclero , which comprises 46 cooperatives with around 2,000 chicleros farmers , working in an area of 1.3 million hectares of rainforest , according to a statement from Chicza . Locals have been extracting the natural chicle gum base from the bark of the chicozapote trees for a century , a spokesman for Chicza told CNN . After years of exporting the gum base to be used as an ingredient in the manufacture of regular chewing gum , the cooperative recently decided to start making its own gum using only chicle gum base and natural flavorings and sweeteners , Chicza said . The company launched its gum in Britain this week . It is available at a chain of supermarkets and Mexican restaurants . The Chicza gum sells for # 1.39  $ 2.06  for a pack of 12 squares .	Authorities , green groups welcome launch of world 's first biodegradable gum Chewing gum costs millions to remove from city sidewalks Manufacturers say new Mexican product decomposes in six weeks
CNN  After the United States-led coalition has battled the Islamic State , firing thousands of airstrikes across Iraq and Syria , the terrorist group that aims to establish a brutal Caliphate is gaining ground -- literally . While there is an example of ISIS ' brutality nearly every day , terrorism experts such as CNN 's Peter Bergen and Tim Lister remind us Tuesday that it 's critical to look at the big and frightening picture of what 's happening . Bergen explains what ISIS is after in this CNN story Tuesday -- the end times , the apocalypse . It 's high time , Bergen argues , that the United States and others stop trying to rationalize ISIS ' behavior as rational . Lister breaks down how and why ISIS is gaining momentum in many other countries besides Iraq and Syria . ISIS fighters launched a major assault Tuesday night southwest of Irbil , Kurdish officials said . A "  big attack " is taking place near the towns of Gwer and Makhmour , one Kurdish source told CNN . The towns are some 45 kilometers  28 miles  from Irbil , the Kurdish capital . Kurdish officials said they were concerned ISIS fighters would break through their lines . If that happens , there would be little standing between ISIS and the Kurdish capital , though Tuesday 's attacks are likely aimed at drawing the already stretched Kurdish forces in many different directions to relieve the pressure on Mosul , which ISIS seized in June . There appears to be growing support within the United States to use force against ISIS and increasing dissatisfaction about how President Barack Obama 's administration has dealt with the group . A new CNN/ORC survey found that 57 % of the Americans questioned disapprove of how Obama is handling the threat . In late September , 49 % said they disapproved of the administration 's strategy . Fifty-four percent of 1,027 people polled between February 12-15 said they disapproved of how the president is handling terrorism in general . Seventy-three percent said they support the use of force against ISIS . CNN 's Senior Political Analyst Ron Brownstein said he was surprised to see that 47 % of the people polled said they approve of sending ground forces to fight ISIS . Whether that 's a true portrayal of how Americans feel is unclear , he noted . The poll comes as ISIS beheaded 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians this weekend in Libya and put the video of the slayings online , a well-worn propaganda tactic the extremists often use . And yet support for the terror group is growing among some citizens in Egypt , which is often called the cradle of the Middle East . The murders of the Christian minority group took place in Libya , where ISIS is also establishing a strong following in the absence of a stable government in that nation . The country has been in turmoil since the Arab Spring demonstrations that ultimately led to the overthrow of dictator Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 . Egypt reacted to the slayings with a fiery air campaign against ISIS in Libya . Yemen has never been a stable place , and ISIS is exploiting that and establishing a fan base there . ISIS also has followers in Afghanistan and Pakistan , Lister noted . The leader of Boko Haram , which has ravaged northern Nigeria , has said he admires ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Last week , a top U.S. counterterrorism official warned that the number of foreign fighters joining the ranks of ISIS is growing at an alarming rate , and that scores of them are from the United States . On another front in Europe , the battle against ISIS has manifested in so-called lone wolf actors staging attacks . CNN reported that a gunman who had sworn allegiance to ISIS murdered a filmmaker and later a synagogue guard in Copenhagen , Denmark , over the weekend . Nerves are still frayed in the city as police on Tuesday cordoned off the area around a cafe . The gathering there Saturday was intended to be a forum on freedom of expression in the wake of the Paris Charlie Hebdo attack . Swedish artist Lars Vilks was at the cafe . Years ago he drew the Prophet Mohammed as a dog , an act that landed him on a terrorist hit list . Watch why images of the prophet are so offensive to some Muslims Vilks told CNN that someone saved his life at the cafe by shoving him into a storage room . On Tuesday , the artist told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that he felt he had no other choice but to go into hiding . The gunman 's motives may be tied to a suspicious letter left only steps away from a bank of flowers in a memorial near the cafe . Read more about the prohibition of drawing the prophet A post on Facebook that allegedly belonged to the shooter read , "  allegiance to Abu Bakr in full obedience in the good and bad things . And I wo n't dispute with him unless it is an outrageous disbelief . " A Facebook friend of the suspect , 22-year-old Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein , told CNN he believed the page matched El-Hussein 's profile . On Tuesday , the Danish Security and Intelligence Service confirmed that it received a report from the Danish prison service last year warning that El-Hussein was at risk of radicalization . El-Hussein was killed in a shootout with police after the killing at the synagogue . The United States is considering providing teams of moderate Syrian rebels with the capability to call in U.S. airstrikes via GPS , a U.S. defense official told CNN . But a decision has n't yet been made on that possibility , which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal . Even if that capability is provided , the United States would not conduct any airstrikes without some sort of additional confirming intelligence , independent of the Syrian rebels , the official said . It could be part of a U.S. plan to provide the Syrian rebel teams with a variety of gear to carry out the task of defending local areas from ISIS , and eventually being able to conduct offensive operations , the official said . The gear is expected to include pickups , machine guns , communications and GPS equipment , the official said . It is also expected that mortars will be provided . No decision has been made yet on providing more sophisticated anti-tank weapons . The first American trainers are expected in Jordan at the beginning of March . Training sessions are expected to last six to eight weeks . The official would not say how many teams will be outfitted , although the United States hopes to train about 5,000 rebel forces . Also on Tuesday , the White House convened a three-day Summit on Countering Violent Extremism . At least 60 nations are participating . Tuesday 's agenda will focus on three cities -- Los Angeles , Minneapolis and Boston -- that have pilot programs to battle extremism . Officials and leaders from those cities will share what they 've learned . Who is doing what in the global coalition against ISIS ? CNN 's Barbara Starr , Tim Lister and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report . This collection of the latest developments is drawn from reporting and writing from across CNN 's platforms .	ISIS launches a major assault in an area near the Kurdish capital in Iraq CNN 's Peter Bergen : ISIS wants an apocalypse , urges people to stop thinking group is rational CNN 's Tim Lister breaks down how ISIS is spreading beyond Syria and Iraq
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military killed at least 55 militants over the past 24 hours as part of its week-long crackdown on Taliban militants , an army spokesman said Friday . Pakistani security personnel patrol the troubled Buner district . This week 's military operation resulted in more than 230 militant casualties since Sunday , while the military suffered two deaths and eight injuries , according to spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas . He has said he hopes the operation will be completed by the end of the week . The operation is part of the Pakistani army 's intensified drive against the Taliban in its restive tribal regions . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries . Meanwhile , Afghan and coalition forces in southern Afghanistan killed 15 militants and wounded 12 others , the U.S. military reported . The incident , which took place early Friday morning in the Arghandab District of Zabul province , occurred after a military convoy was attacked . "  The patrol was en route to a local village to talk with elders about security issues in the area when they were attacked by several armed militants with small-arms fire from a compound . The combined force returned fire killing one militant , " the military said in a statement . As Afghan security forces secured and searched that and other compounds to make sure there "  were no non-combatants in danger , " militants shot at troops and the soldiers fired backed . The Afghan and coalition forces pursued the militants into a "  nearby cave complex " where 14 militants were killed and 12 were wounded . Another militant was detained .	Pakistan military says at least 55 Taliban militants killed in last 24 hours Pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on Taliban Afghan , coalition forces in Afghanistan kill 15 militants , wound 12 others
CNN  -- On September 26 , 43 student-teachers from the Ayotzinapa training college disappeared . Another three were found dead shortly afterward , one of them reportedly having had the skin stripped from his face . The students were in the town of Iguala , in southwest Mexico , on their way to protest the lack of school funding . The disappearances outraged Mexican society , driving citizens to protest en mass across the country . Popular opinion , that the crime was an act of state terrorism , has since been supported by reports that the students were abducted by local police on the order of Iguala 's mayor , who has been charged , and were turned over to the gang that then killed them . Dozens of suspects have been arrested , including members of Iguala 's municipal police force and Iguala 's mayor and his wife , who reportedly have links with the Guerreros Unidos gang . Human Rights Watch called the Ayotzinapa incident the worst human rights crisis facing Mexico since the 1968 massacre of unarmed students at Tlatelolco . Yet this is only the most atrocious of many acts of state violence to have occurred since the Mexican government stepped up its war against the drug cartels . Much of the country has witnessed massacres resulting from confrontations between traffickers and agents of the state -- police and the armed forces -- or between rival groups of criminals for the control of routes and markets . The toll of this war on human life has been massive . According to the National Institute of Statistics and Geography there were 95,000 violent deaths in the country between 2006-2012 , of which 60,000 are estimated to be associated with the drug war . In the same period , according to the Mexican Attorney General 's Office , 25,000 people were reported missing . At the start of the crackdown on cartels , Mexico requested and received support from the United States in the form of the Mérida Initiative . Agreed on in March 2007 , U.S. funding to Mexico increased from $ 40 million per year in the mid-2000s to $ 1.5 billion in stage one of the initiative . The focus of Mérida was to provide Mexican security forces with equipment and training to counter drug trafficking . In response to the criticism that stage one had not addressed capacity building and institutional reform , "  Beyond Mérida , " or stage two , included resources to improve the rule of law and strengthen communities . The results , however , have been abysmal . The reality is that traffickers have taken advantage of the institutional weakness and corruption of municipal governments to control local police and politicians . The poverty and marginalization of the peasants -- who have no access to credit , have to pay high prices for seeds , fertilizers and transport for their products , and lack the technology necessary for crops with high market value -- create an opportunity for traffickers , who employ them in the production of opium poppies or cannabis . And although they are paid at low rates , their illicit incomes are still higher than what they would receive from traditional crops . If it were n't for prohibition , however , the illegal crops would not be profitable . Sadly , the absence of legal and moral limits is not exclusive to criminals , with state security forces committing atrocities under the pretext of the war on drugs . Most recently , in June , seven soldiers were charged over the extrajudicial execution of 22 alleged traffickers in Tlatlaya , a village not far from Iguala . According to witnesses , the victims had already surrendered . And this is by no means an isolated event -- extrajudicial executions are a recurrent practice of both the army and navy , involved in a war that respects neither human rights nor the existing legal order . Indeed , professors from the Center for Economic Research and Teaching and the National Autonomous University of Mexico recently noted , as one translation of their work notes , that when federal police confronted criminals , "  2.6 suspects died per every person wounded . When the army was involved , deaths increased to nine , and when the navy participated , the number rose to 17 fatalities per one wounded . " Meanwhile , after more than 10 years of the war on drugs , neither the supply nor the demand of illegal drugs has disappeared . In fact , there has not even been a reduction in supply on either side of the U.S. border . At the same time , in Mexico , the cartels have not gone away . In fact , they have multiplied as a result of fragmentation , while the level of violence has increased . The cases of Tlatlaya and Ayotzinapa are only the most visible tips of the iceberg , with a deep-spreading base that is quickly undermining the already troubled institutions of local government throughout Mexico . Violence is driving away investments that might otherwise bring development to marginalized zones even as the cartels , bolstered by the resources of the illicit drugs market , have diversified their activities and imposed Mafia-style protection rackets on legal markets . Ultimately , ending the failed war on drugs is now a matter of survival for Mexico . If Mexico is to recover peace and normality , resources now devoted to combating trafficking must be rechanneled into capacity building , institutional reform of local forces , and prosecution of predatory crime . In addition , a new drug policy focused on health , with an emphasis on prevention , harm reduction and treatment , must replace the focus on police and military persecution . The truth is that the war on drugs has caused more harm than good . It is time for it to end .	Jorge Javier Romero : Disappearance of 43 Mexican students led to protests Incident just latest example of violence exacerbated by drug war , he says Romero : Toll of this war on human life has been massive
CNN  -- After four fatal shark attacks in seven months , beachgoers on the south coast of Western Australia are understandably anxious about entering the water . "  Dawn and dusk are perceived to be the worst times for encounters so you see less people going out early morning and late evening , " said long-time surfer Jack Carlsen , who is also a professor at the Sustainable Tourism Center at Curtin University . "  I still go out surfing , but I 'm a lot more cautious , " said Carlsen , who had his own encounter with a Great White in the same waters several years ago . "  A lot of the shark experts say it 's the one you do n't see that will get you . And luckily , I saw it , " he said . The stretch of water along Western Australia 's southern coast is now one of the world 's most deadly for shark attacks . More people were killed by sharks there than anywhere else in the world in 2011 , according to the International Shark Attack File . The latest victim was 33-year-old Peter Kurmann , a father of two , who was taken on Saturday morning while diving with his brother Gian about one nautical mile off Stratham Beach . Gian Kurmann is reported to have used his diving knife to try to fight off the shark , which he told police was about four meters long . Experts later confirmed Kurmann was likely taken by a Great White , the fourth victim of an unprecedented string of attacks by the predators in West Australian waters . "  There is no scientific evidence to suggest that the shark related fatalities in WA are a reflection of an increase population size of white sharks . It is more likely that a combination of factors , including more people in the water and white sharks being present around the south west coast this time of year , " said Ryan Kempster , a shark biologist and founder of Support Our Sharks . After Saturday 's attack , beaches were closed while authorities dispatched aerial and ocean patrols to scan the seas . A spotter plane sighted a three to four meter shark the same afternoon , but attempts to catch it failed and were aborted altogether when bad weather moved in . It 's become a familiar and unwelcome drill for local authorities who are trying to prevent any further attacks and reassure worried beachgoers that efforts are being made to protect them . After three people were mauled in the water in September and October , WA Fisheries Minister Norman Moore announced a $ 14 million five-year plan to reduce the risks of shark attacks . It included $ 2 million for the Shark Response Unit which will on Saturday start an intensive three to four week tagging program to attach acoustic transmitters to Great Whites . "  The longer it 's in the better , which is why with this tagging trip  we  will actually be internally inserting the tag inside the shark , " said Michael Burgess , of the Shark Response Unit . "  We catch the shark . Turn it upside down . It 'll go into a state of paralysis . That give will us the opportunity to make a small incision on the underside and insert it in its gut cavity and then give it some sutures and away it goes . " The State Government has ruled out a mass cull of white sharks to reduce numbers , although if a shark had been caught soon after the attack on Saturday it 's likely it would have been destroyed . The elusive nature of Great White sharks makes them difficult to find and catch , especially in the sea off Western Australia where Burgess said they are "  very transient " and "  very mobile . " "  The success of tagging white sharks anywhere else in the world has always been around seal colonies and where white sharks do aggregate , like the Neptune Islands in South Australia , such as over in South Africa , and likewise off the coast of Mexico and California , " he said . Off Western Australia , the tagging team will be using long lines and bait to try to hook the sharks . "  Our target is somewhere around 100 , but this is only very early days in this program we 're implementing .  We want  as many as we can get , obviously , " Burgess said . The difficulty of tagging great whites is evident in the government 's admission that no sharks were successfully tagged in 2011 . Eleven were tagged in the previous two years , and are feeding information to offshore receivers about the sharks ' behavior . "  By next month there should be 121 acoustic receivers in the water in the southwest and south coast and that 's in addition to the 39 that we 've got off the metropolitan coast of Perth , " Burgess said . Only 20 of those transit the information to satellites which is then sent to West Australian Water Police to generate an SMS warning . The vast majority store the information , which is later downloaded and used to chart the sharks ' past movements . People who see sharks are urged to call the Water Police , but Jack Carlsen said many sightings by locals who spend a lot of time on the water are not being reported . " Surfers get complacent . They might tell a few mates but they wo n't make it widely known that they saw a shark off a surf beach , " he said . "  And  we know , for example , that commercial fishermen see them all the time , but do n't always report sightings . " Carlsen plans to launch a "  sharkwatch " website in the next few months , which he says will give approved subscribers an easy way to report sightings . Messages would be sent by SMS or on Twitter or Facebook , alerting subscribers to potentially dangerous sharks along the coast . The idea duplicates in part efforts by the government to issue alerts through the state 's Surf Life Saving body , and Burgess , from the Shark Response Unit , has expressed concern that a separate reporting system could leave authorities out of the loop . "  Already there 's issues with people not reporting shark sightings appropriately , so that 's a real big message we need to get out . People need to report shark sightings to the Water Police , " he said . As the weather gets colder , authorities are hoping that fewer people in the water will reduce the risk of further attacks . Shark biologist Ryan Kempster said that while the government was doing a "  fantastic " job with its "  non-lethal shark mitigation measures , " individuals needed to take responsibility for their own safety . "  Shark bite incidents are a rare occurrence and almost impossible to predict , " he said . "  People need to realize that when they enter the water they are taking a risk -- albeit minimal -- of encountering a large predatory shark . "	Sharks have killed four people off Western Australia since September 2011 33-year-old diver Peter Kurmann was killed Saturday by a Great White Government spending $ 14M on five-year plan to reduce risk of attacks "  Intensive " shark tagging program to begin on Saturday , culling ruled out
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas named the president of a West Bank university as his new prime minister Sunday , a top aide said . Rami Hamdallah has been asked to form a new Cabinet , Abbas adviser Sabri Saidam told CNN . The British-educated linguist is now the president of An-Najah National University in Nablus , West Bank . Hamdallah will replace Salaam Fayyad , who has led a caretaker government since Abbas accepted his resignation in April . Fayyad 's decision to step down was viewed as a step toward the possible establishment of a unity government between the two main Palestinian factions , Fatah and Hamas . According to a profile on the An-Najah website , Hamdallah has been president of the university since August 1998 . He is also the secretary-general of the Palestinian Central Elections Commission and head of the Palestinian stock exchange . He received a doctorate in applied linguistics from the University of Lancaster in 1988 and a master 's from the University of Manchester in 1982 . He graduated from the University of Jordan in 1980 with a degree in the English language .	Longtime West Bank university president chosen to form new government Rami Hamdallah replaces Salaam Fayyad , who led caretaker government He did post-graduate work at universities in Britain He is the top official on the elections commission
