GRINNELL , Iowa  CNN  -- The college student who was told what question to ask at one of New York Sen. Hillary Clinton 's campaign events said "  voters have the right to know what happened " and she was n't the only one who was planted . Student Muriel Gallo-Chasanoff said a staffer told her what to ask at a campaign event for Sen. Hillary Clinton . In an exclusive on-camera interview with CNN , Muriel Gallo-Chasanoff , a 19-year-old sophomore at Grinnell College in Grinnell , Iowa , said giving anyone specific questions to ask is "  dishonest , " and the whole incident has given her a negative outlook on politics . Gallo-Chasanoff , whose story was first reported in the campus newspaper , said what happened was simple : She said a senior Clinton staffer asked if she 'd like to ask the senator a question after an energy speech the Democratic presidential hopeful gave in Newton , Iowa , on November 6 . "  I sort of thought about it , and I said ` Yeah , can I ask how her energy plan compares to the other candidates ' energy plans ? ' " Gallo-Chasanoff said Monday night . According to Gallo-Chasanoff , the staffer said , " ' I do n't think that 's a good idea , because I do n't know how familiar she is with their plans . ' " Watch the student speak out about question " He then opened a binder to a page that , according to Gallo-Chasanoff , had about eight questions on it . "  The top one was planned specifically for a college student , " she added . "  It said ` college student ' in brackets and then the question . " Topping that sheet of paper was the following : "  As a young person , I 'm worried about the long-term effects of global warming . How does your plan combat climate change ? " Watch the student ask the planted question " And while she said she would have rather used her own question , Gallo-Chasanoff said she did n't have a problem asking the campaign 's because she "  likes to be agreeable , " adding that since she told the staffer she 'd ask their pre-typed question she "  did n't want to go back on my word . " Clinton campaign spokesman Mo Elleithee said , "  This is not acceptable campaign process moving forward . We 've taken steps to ensure that it never happens again . " Elleithee said Clinton had "  no idea who she was calling on . " Gallo-Chasanoff was n't so sure . "  I do n't know whether Hillary knew what my question was going to be , but it seemed like she knew to call on me because there were so many people , and ... I was the only college student in that area , " she said . Watch the full interview " In a separate statement in response to the campus article , the campaign said , "  On this occasion a member of our staff did discuss a possible question about Sen. Clinton 's energy plan at a forum . ... This is not standard policy and will not be repeated again . " Gallo-Chasanoff said she was n't the only person given a question . "  After the event , " she said , "  I heard another man ... talking about the question he asked , and he said that the campaign had asked him to ask that question . " The man she referenced prefaced his question by saying that it probably did n't have anything to do with energy , and then posed the following : "  I wonder what you propose to do to create jobs for the middle-class person , such as here in Newton where we lost Maytag . " A Maytag factory in Newton recently closed , forcing hundreds of people out of their jobs . During the course of the late-night interview on Grinnell 's campus , Gallo-Chasanoff also said that the day before the school 's newspaper , Scarlet and Black , printed the story , she wanted the reporter to inform the campaign out of courtesy to let them know it would be published . She said the "  head of publicity for the campaign , " a man whose name she could not recall , had no factual disputes with the story . But , she added , a Clinton intern spoke to her to say the campaign requested she not talk about the story to any more media outlets and that if she did she should inform a staffer . "  I 'm not under any real obligation to do that , and I have n't talked to -LSB- the campaign -RSB- anymore , " Gallo-Chasanoff said , adding that she does n't plan to . "  If what I do is come and just be totally truthful , then that 's all anyone can ask of me , and that 's all I can ask of myself . So I 'll feel good with what I 've done . I 'll feel like I 've done the right thing . " The Clinton campaign 's acknowledgment that it planted a question reinforces a widely held criticism of the senator -- that she is not entirely honest , said Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst . "  It 's the same criticism often made of her husband , " Schneider said . "  Most Americans never felt Bill Clinton was honest and trustworthy , even when he got elected in 1992 -- with only 43 percent of the vote . His critics called him ` Slick Willy . ' ... Will her critics start referring to the New York senator as ` Slick Hillary ? ' " Asked if this experience makes her less likely to support Clinton 's presidential bid , Gallo-Chasanoff , an undecided voter , said , "  I think she has a lot to offer , but I -- this experience makes me look at her campaign a little bit differently . " "  The question and answer sessions -- especially in Iowa -- are really important . That 's where the voters get to ... have like a real genuine conversation with this politician who could be representing them . " While she acknowledged "  it 's possible that all campaigns do these kind of tactics , " she said that does n't make it right . "  Personally I want to know that I have someone who 's honest representing me . " A second person has a story similar to Gallo-Chasanoff 's . Geoffrey Mitchell of Hamilton , Illinois , on the Iowa border , said the Clinton campaign wanted him to ask a certain question at an Iowa event in April . "  He asked me if I would ask Sen. Clinton about ways she was going to confront the president on the war in Iraq , specifically war funding , " said Geoffrey Mitchell , a supporter of Sen. Barack Obama , D-Illinois . "  I told him it was not a question I felt comfortable with . " No questions were taken at the event . Elleithee said this incident was different from what happened with Gallo-Chasanoff in Newton . Elleithee said the staffer "  bumped into someone he marginally knew " and during a conversation with Mitchell , "  Iraq came up . " Elleithee denied the campaign tried to plant him as a friendly questioner in the audience . Mitchell said he had never met the staffer before the event . Former presidential adviser David Gergen said the front-runner 's campaign could take a hit from the incident . "  When a campaign plants a question , it 's a pretty minor infraction of the rules -- like a parking ticket , " Gergen said . "  The problem here is it feeds a damaging perception of Hillary Clinton that she ca n't quite be trusted . " E-mail to a friend	Student says Clinton staffer showed her a binder with about eight questions "  College student " in brackets before top question , student says Campaign : Clinton "  did not know which questioners she was calling on " Student said she was not the only one told what to ask
CNN  -- Justice Department prosecutors said Friday that they are closing a criminal investigation of champion cyclist Lance Armstrong without filing charges that he used performance-enhancing drugs . A statement from the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles said the seven-time Tour de France winner will not be charged , but did not explain the reasons for the decision . Armstrong has consistently denied doping . He was accused of using performance-enhancing drugs by other riders , but never failed a drug test . Late Friday , he released a statement in which he said he was "  gratified " to learn that prosecutors are closing their investigation . "  It is the right decision and I commend them for reaching it . I look forward to continuing my life as a father , a competitor and an advocate in the fight against cancer without this distraction , " Armstrong said . Prosecutors called witnesses to a federal grand jury in Los Angeles as they investigated the case , but they apparently determined that they lacked evidence to bring a charge . In May 2011 , Armstrong once again denied claims from a former teammate that he used drugs during his cycling career . Armstrong has been dogged by allegations of drugs abuse in recent years with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was found guilty of doping in the 2006 Tour de France resulting in him being stripped of the title -- making a series of claims last year . Armstrong came out fighting once again in May , in the face of fresh allegations made on the CBS News "  60 Minutes " show by another American Tyler Hamilton . On his Twitter page , Armstrong said at the time : "  I have had a 20-year career , 500 drug controls worldwide , in and out of competition , and never a failed test . I rest my case . " In the CBS interview , Hamilton -- who retired in 2009 after twice testing positive himself -- says he first saw Armstrong use blood boosting substance EPO in 1999 , the year of his first Tour de France victory . "  I saw it in his refrigerator , " Hamilton told the American news program . "  I saw him inject it more than one time like we all did , like I did many , many times . " Hamilton added : "  Armstrong took what we all took -- the majority of the peloton took . There was EPO , testosterone , blood transfusions . " Meanwhile , Armstrong 's lawyer Mark Fabiani blasted the "  60 Minutes " report , releasing a statement saying : "  Hamilton is actively seeking to make money by writing a book . "  He has completely changed the story he has always told before so that he could get himself on "  60 Minutes " and increase his chances with publishers . " Fabiani continued : "  Greed and a hunger for publicity can not change the facts : Lance Armstrong is the most tested athlete in the history of sports : He has passed nearly 500 tests over 20 years of competition . "	NEW : Lance Armstrong says he is "  gratified " by the decision He won the Tour de France seven times Other riders accused Armstrong of using performance-enhancing drugs Prosecutors had called witnesses to a federal grand jury
CNN  -- Nine months could be winding down to the last nine days . In an interview that aired Sunday , former President Bill Clinton gave the closest clue yet as to when to expect the former first family 's first grandchild . "  I hope by the first of October , I 'll be a grandfather , " Clinton told On CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " To date , the Clintons have been tight-lipped about news regarding the pregnancy of their daughter Chelsea Clinton , but they have n't been shy about sharing their excitement . "  I ca n't wait , " Clinton told Zakaria . "  We 're on watch now . " His wife , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , says she 's been thinking a lot about the upcoming new addition to her family . "  Now I 've been thinking a lot about family because you know I 'm on ` grandbaby watch ' and I think a lot about this new member of our family and what he or she can look forward to , " Clinton said at a women 's event Friday . "  And I am well aware that we will do everything possible to prepare this child , to protect this child . But I want that for everybody 's child and everybody 's grandchild . I want every one of our children to feel that they are inheriting the best of America , that they have the chance to do what I believed was possible for me and what my husband believed was possible for him and what we instilled in our daughter that really this country is on your side . "  This country will give you the fighting chance , the fair show you deserve to have . This country will give you the level playing field . So whether you 're the grandchild of a president , or the grandchild of a janitor , whether you 're born in a city or in a small rural village -- No matter who you are , you have the right to inherit the American dream . " Asked whether he cared if the baby was a boy or a girl , Clinton gave a hard "  no . " Neither he nor the baby 's parents know the baby 's gender , he says . "  I do n't know , " Clinton said . "  My daughter and son-in-law decided not to know . They want to be surprised . " Chelsea Clinton announced her pregnancy at an event alongside her mother on April 17 . Assuming that she made the traditional three-months-along announcement , the birth is expected to occur sometime this month . Chelsea Clinton baby watch : What we know	Former President Bill Clinton dropped a hint about his grandchild 's due date The Clintons have been tight-lipped about the pregnancy of their daughter , Chelsea Clinton Bill Clinton said he does n't care if it 's a boy or girl
CNN  -- Jaycee Dugard , who police say was kidnapped at 11 and held captive for 18 years , said she is "  doing well " as she speaks out in a new home video . "  Hi , I 'm Jaycee . I want to thank you for your support , and I 'm doing well , " Dugard says in the video released exclusively to ABC News , which posted excerpts of the video on its Web site Friday . "  It 's been a long haul , " said Dugard , "  but I 'm getting there . " The full statement and video , which show Dugard baking cookies with her mother and playing with her dogs , were scheduled to air on ABC News ' "  20/20 " at 9 p.m. Friday . It 's the first public statement from Dugard since the arrests of her suspected captors -- Phillip Garrido , 58 , and his wife , Nancy , 54 . The Garridos are charged with 29 felony counts in the kidnapping of Dugard , who was 11 when she was snatched from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California . She was 29 when found in August at the Garridos ' home in Antioch , California , about 120 miles from her home . Garrido , a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest , is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . Authorities say he and his wife held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years . The Garridos have pleaded not guilty . Dugard now lives in seclusion with her mother , Terry Probyn , and Dugard 's two daughters . "  We released this video so that you can see that we are happy and well -- when we have more to share , we will , " Probyn says in the home video . "  As a mother I am pleading for our privacy in this very public story . " Authorities maintain Dugard does not want to speak to Garrido or his attorneys and have tried to keep her location a secret .	Video shows Dugard baking cookies with her mother and playing with her dogs "  It 's been a long haul , but I 'm getting there , " Dugard says Authorities : Dugard does not want to speak to her alleged abductor or his attorneys
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A Chris Brown song called "  Not My Fault " was recorded three years ago and is not about Rihanna , its producers said . Chris Brown pleaded guilty in an assault case regarding his ex-girlfriend Rihanna . The music appeared online Tuesday , a day after the singer admitted guilt to assaulting Rihanna , his former girlfriend . Brown 's record label also said the music was not "  new . " Although Brown accepted a plea deal in which he could avoid jail time , any appearance that he is not remorseful could be damaging , since the judge is not bound by those terms when she sentences him in August . The song , which appeared on YouTube , includes the line "  It 's not my fault , right ? " The publicist for the Neptunes , a music producing duo that has worked in the studio with Brown , said the music was a demo recorded three years ago . She said they do not know how the song made its way onto YouTube . Jive Records , which distributes Brown 's music , said "  there are no ` new ' songs from Chris Brown currently being promoted by Chris or his record label . " "  There are several old demos circulating that are being falsely promoted as new material from Chris , " a Jive Records statement said . In the song , Brown sings : "  I picked up the paper and the headline reads , it says ` singer brokenhearted in some satin sheets . ' And I 'm like , why ? We had a hell of a time . " "  When I first met you , I told ya that you 'll be safe . In the midst of arguing something , falls to the floor and breaks . You look down and see what you dropped , oh , it 's your heart . " "  Shortie 's caught up from a long night . She 's ready to fall but she 's all right . That 's just something that can happen when you put it down . She 's caught up , it 's not my fault , right . " "  You see , her mama called me , really steamed . She said ` My daughter wo n't eat and she do n't sleep . She just cries . ' " Brown was arrested in connection with an altercation that began with an argument with Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street in February . Prosecutors agreed to recommend five years of probation and 180 days of community service for Brown in exchange for his guilty plea on one count of assault with the intent of doing great bodily injury .	Chris Brown song "  Not My Fault " appeared online Tuesday Song was recorded three years ago , has nothing to do with Rihanna , say producers Brown agreed to a plea deal Monday in case involving ex-girlfriend Rihanna
CNN  -- The Circuit of the Americas in Austin , Texas lies just 200 miles from the Mexican border . On Sunday it will host the first U.S. Grand Prix since 2007 -- and thousands of Formula One fans are expected to cross the Rio Grande to cheer on a driver they know as "  Checo . " Sergio Perez has become one of the darlings of Mexico , a country that in recent times has become more synonymous for the drugs war waged by Felipe Calderon during his tenure as president . The sporting focus this weekend will be on America , but the problems of its neighbor will come into sharp focus in the Mexican town of Nuevo Laredo -- the closest crossing point for those hoping to see Perez at what is , in effect , his home race . It is a town that in recent months has become awash with drug-related killings , the most recent resulting in 10 suspected criminals being shot dead in a gunfight with soldiers and the police last month . Nationwide , the battle against drugs in the last six years has accounted for 60,000 deaths , 16,000 bodies remain unidentified and 24,000 people are missing . It 's an issue that Perez would rather not speak about . Not that he shies away from hard subjects in conversation , but simply because he would love his country to be remembered for other reasons . "  My country is really only in the media for drugs and violence , which is sad , " says the 22-year-old from Guadalajara . "  And yes there have been problems with the Mafia and drugs , but it 's getting better . "  People need to focus on the fact it 's a great place , with some great beaches and some great people . It 's the best country in the world and I 'm so proud to be Mexican , " adds Perez , as his bright smile breaks out for the first time in conversation . It 's not difficult to see his appeal . Perez has given his country much-needed positive headlines with his performances for the Sauber team over the past two years , and many of his 114 million compatriots aspire to emulate his success story . The times he has been able to return home this season have been relatively few and far between -- such is the punishing schedule of an F1 driver -- but the reaction is always the same , and it 's not uncommon for Perez to be mobbed in public . In Guadalajara , he is vying for the crown of the city 's favorite son with his close friend Javier Hernandez , who plays for top English soccer club Manchester United . Perez knew "  Chicharito " long before he became a household name in the Premier League , and talks fondly of watching him play for his home city in past seasons . "  The thing is I did n't know how good he was then , " says Perez , himself a keen footballer and , like Hernandez , a striker . "  If I did I would have bought him myself , sold him and made lots of money ! "  But obviously I watched him many times play for our city and he was clearly very good . But it was still a surprise for us when Manchester United signed him . But he 's been very good and scored some good goals lately both for Man Utd and for Mexico . " The pair remain in close contact via text , with Hernandez berating Perez for his association with Chelsea , which signed up as a partner to the Sauber team earlier this season . "  He does n't like seeing me in Chelsea colors , " admits Perez with a smile . Next season , that will no longer be a problem because Perez is moving up the grid to McLaren , a deal that was sealed last month and which led to a wave of texts of congratulations from Hernandez among others . Perez has been hot property in his sophomore F1 season following a trio of podium finishes at a team usually more renowned for keeping pace somewhere in the midfield of the grid . And he admits his sudden rise to the top draws parallels with Hernandez -- who scored just 18 minutes into his United debut and was crowned player of the year for the 2010-11 season as the club won a record 19th English title . "  I guess it 's similar , yes , " Perez says . "  I hope I start at McLaren like Chicharito did at Man Utd . " Perez does not lack for ambition or confidence . When asked about his goals for next season , he says deadpan : "  Just one goal -- to be world champion . " While admirable as a target , it 's highly unlikely . For one thing , McLaren is still struggling to match the pace of the front-running Red Bulls despite Perez 's repeated mantra that "  I 've joined the best team in the world . " Then there is the fact that alongside him in the other McLaren is Jenson Button , 10 years old and wiser , and with a world title and 14 race wins to his name . But Perez is not deterred by such statistics and , in conversation , it 's hard not to buy into his positive outlook -- which McLaren has clearly done by paying him a reported $ 11 million a year . "  My target straight away is to win the world championship , " he says . "  I need to get wins to do that . I know it will be very hard to win the championship but it 's the challenge I want . " Perez is looking forward to working with Button , whose relationship with current teammate Lewis Hamilton has seemingly deteriorated this year . "  I 've spoken to Jenson a bit since I signed for McLaren , " says Perez . "  He seems to be a great guy and I think he 'll be good fun as a teammate . He 's a very tough guy to beat and is very experienced . He 's one of the fastest guys out there . " Not perhaps quite as quick as 2008 world champion Hamilton , who is potentially a daunting act to follow . "  For sure , I 've got big shoes to fill , " says Perez . "  I rate him very highly and he 's maybe the fastest out there . It 's going to be tough to follow what he did . " McLaren bosses are confident he will do just that , despite the fact Perez has not picked up a single point at Sauber since signing for the team . But it is not the last few races on which the British team reached its decision . Perez , the son of a former Mexican F3 champion and whose elder brother is a NASCAR racer , has always been quick -- he showed that in F1 's feeder series competitions . However , he has been prone to lapses in concentration and occasional errors . Those have been rarer this year , and he has been notoriously kind on his Pirelli tires , which in turn has helped him bag top-three placings in Malaysia , Canada and Italy . Where once he was considered aggressive -- and that still flares up on occasion -- Perez has a smooth driving style , akin to Button . It makes him a perfect fit for McLaren 's engineers , who can build the car around essentially similar drivers . His efforts this season were not enough , however , to persuade Ferrari to take a risk on him and sign him as a replacement for Felipe Massa . Perez is a product of the Ferrari driver academy and appeared to be being groomed for a role at the "  Prancing Horse . " But Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo put paid to that back in September by claiming that he lacked the experience required for F1 's most successful team . McLaren , looking for a replacement for the Mercedes-bound Hamilton , decided to take the gamble but there is enough to suggest it will pay off . His departure will prove costly for Sauber , which has brought in Nico Hulkenberg from Force India as a replacement . Perez has long been backed by Telmex owner Carlos Slim , the world 's richest man and a backer that McLaren would dearly love on board . The switching of his investment has cast doubt over the future of Sauber 's other driver this year , Japan 's Kamui Kobayashi -- who has no major sponsor . Of his podiums in 2012 , March 's Malaysian race was arguably Perez 's pinnacle to date , scything his way from 10th on the grid to come within a whisker of beating Ferrari 's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso to the win , while he also finished second behind Hamilton at Monza in September . "  All my podiums were equally great , " he says , "  but I 'm disappointed I 've not had a win . I want to win at Sauber before leaving . "  Sauber has become like a family to me and it 's always hard to leave your family . But I have a new family to go to and there comes a point when you have to move up to a new challenge . It will be great to join a new team , to have a new experience . " Before the move , though , Perez feels like he has unfinished business in the season 's final two races . "  I still want to give everything until the last lap of the last lap , " he says . "  I want to give everything I can . "	Formula One driver Sergio Perez looking forward to his "  home " race in Texas on Sunday The Mexican is expected to have thousands of fans crossing the border to support him He has been one of F1 's surprise success stories in only his second season on the grid Perez has earned a big-money move to McLaren after three podium placings in 2012
CNN  -- George Carlin was "  the total package of what a comedian 's skills could be , " Jerry Seinfeld said Monday in a "  Larry King Live " tribute to the comedian . "  He was a brilliant writer , a brilliant performer , " Seinfeld told CNN 's Larry King . "  He literally could train his eye on something very kind of mundane and regular -- he could talk about a couch pillow or he could take on , you know , abortion or politics or religion . "  So there was no subject that his mind was not able to dissect and make fun . ... He had an amazing breadth of subject matter , " Seinfeld added , calling Carlin "  one of the Mount Rushmore guys in our profession . " Carlin , who died of heart failure Sunday at age 71 , was known for his observational skills and talent for language . His famous routines compared baseball and football , fast-moving "  maniac " drivers with slow-moving "  idiots , " and included a list of "  people I can do without . " Slideshow : The life of George Carlin " He also fearlessly used profanity , scatology and irreverence in making his points about the absurdities of human life . His "  Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television " routine prompted a landmark indecency case that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . In November , Carlin was slated to receive the 2008 Mark Twain Prize for American Humor , given by the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts . Watch Carlin discuss "  Napalm and Silly Putty " " "  I think the things he said and the guts he had to say them , it was just breathtaking , " comedian Roseanne Barr told King . "  He really did n't care , you know , if it was going to rub anybody the wrong way , " observed Seinfeld , who credited Carlin as a huge influence . "  I used to love this routine he would do about how whenever the UFO people come on television , everyone in this studio audience laughs at them . But when they talk about religion and the man in the sky with the white beard and the robe , everyone is very reverent and which one is really more absurd ? And , you know , obviously , that 's going to get religious people upset . " Bill Maher , who as the host of "  Politically Incorrect " and HBO 's "  Real Time With Bill Maher " has raised hackles himself from time to time , noted that Carlin probably would have dismissed much of the praise he was receiving in death . "  I bet you if he was here now , what he would be saying is , ` Why do people say nice things when you die ? That 's the stupidest thing to do . They ca n't hear you , you know ? ' " Maher said . But Maher added that , for him , "  there 's nobody higher " in the comedy pantheon . "  Look , there 's many ways to get a laugh . To me , this is the highest way . It 's also saying something , " Maher said . "  If you took the jokes out of his act , it would still be a very interesting speech that made you think . " Carlin may have seemed angry and indignant onstage -- and there was that side of him , the comedians agreed -- but he was personally a kind , gracious man , said "  The Daily Show " contributor Lewis Black . When Black was a struggling performer , he recalled getting a call from Carlin , a man he 'd never met , out of the blue . "  He said , ` Listen , Lewis , this is George Carlin . First , let me tell you , there 's nothing I can do for your career . ' And then he went on to say he 'd heard my stuff , and he really liked it and I made him laugh , " Black said . "  If I had any things to send it to him , because he had friends who liked to laugh . That was what he could do . That alone really was for me , it was huge , absolutely huge . "  It shut my mother up , " he added . Carlin 's daughter Kelly Carlin McCall called her father "  a great dad . " "  People see him onstage in his stage persona and his grumpiness and crotchetiness , " she said . "  Yet he was the kindest , most generous , incredible man when it came to meeting people one-on-one and knowing people . " The family is planning a private memorial for this weekend , McCall and Carlin 's brother Patrick told King . That service will be followed by a public event in a few weeks . Watch an appreciation of Carlin " The comedians and family members were caught off guard by Carlin 's death . Though Carlin was in the preliminary stages of congestive heart failure , his health had seemed in "  a good place , " McCall said . The peripatetic Carlin , who constantly toured despite a history of heart problems , had played a show the weekend before in Las Vegas , Nevada . Seinfeld said he had talked with Carlin a few days ago , not long after the death of "  Meet the Press " host Tim Russert . "  We were actually joking about death , " he said . "  We were kidding about how , you know , they kind of come in groups . It was like Bo Diddley and Tim Russert . And he was saying how I feel safe now for a little while because , you know , there should be a lull before they come after the next person . " Seinfeld marveled at Carlin 's output . "  This guy did 14 HBO specials -- 14 . I 've done two . And , you know , very few comedians do more than three or four -- I mean , plus the books , " he said . "  I do n't think we 'll ever see someone who , in their lifetime , creates as much comedy as this man did . " Patrick Carlin , who described his relationship with his younger brother as "  two peas in a pod , " said "  he was born hip and never stopped growing , " never forgetting those he loved . "  He sure left a beautiful trail across the universe , " he said . "  And I 'm going to miss him forever , forever , man . "	Jerry Seinfeld : George Carlin "  one of the Mount Rushmore guys " in comedy Lewis Black recalls Carlin phoning him out of the blue to pick him up Famed comedian dies of heart failure at age 71
CNN  -- Eman al-Obeidy , who grabbed the world 's attention this spring when she accused Moammar Gadhafi 's security forces of gang raping her , has been forced back to Libya , which she had fled in fear . Qatari authorities took her and her parents from a hotel in Doha , the capital , and forced them onto a military plane that left Qatar early Thursday and landed in rebel-held Benghazi . Al-Obeidy , who has gone into hiding in the city , said the Qataris beat and handcuffed her before forcing her onto the plane . Al-Obeidy told a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had pressured the Qataris to expel her . Hours before her deportation , Obeidy told CNN that armed guards had been posted outside her room , preventing the UNHCR representative from assisting her . The Qataris deported her despite repeated requests from U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees and unnamed third parties , a UNHCR official told CNN . "  Forcibly returning a refugee who survived gang rape not only violates international law , but is cruel and could trigger further trauma , " said Bill Frelick , refugee program director at Human Rights Watch . "  All eyes are now on the authorities in eastern Libya , who should allow al-Obeidy to leave the country . " Human Rights Watch called on the Transitional National Council to allow al-Obeidy to leave the country immediately . HRW added that an NTC spokesman had told the group that she was free to travel domestically and abroad . Al-Obeidy received worldwide attention on March 26 when she burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli and held against her will for two days while being beaten and raped by 15 men . She later fled Libya to Tunisia with the help of two defecting Gadhafi army officers and their families . French diplomats drove her from the border and handed her off to rebel officials -- members of the Transitional National Council -- who organized her flight to Qatar . She was in Qatar awaiting resettlement as a refugee when she was deported . The Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees had prepared papers for her departure from Qatar to begin a new life . But her deportation to Benghazi puts her in a city that remains unstable . A bomb detonated Wednesday night outside the Tibesti Hotel in Benghazi , which has housed foreign journalists , aid workers and foreign officials since the Libyan conflict began . CNN spoke by phone with al-Obeidy from Benghazi , where she had gone into hiding . She said that , besides beating her and forcing her onto the plane , the Qataris had taken everything from her and her parents , including cell phones , her laptop , and money . In Washington , State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said Thursday that the department is "  very concerned " about al-Obeidy 's safety and had communicated with her . He said officials were working with international organizations to make sure she is safe and finds asylum in "  a third country . " A number of nongovernmental organizations said they were making efforts to get al-Obeidy out of Benghazi to a destination in Europe in the next few days . After arriving in Qatar , al-Obeidy made public statements saying the Transitional National Council -- the Libyan rebel leadership -- was using her . The council denied that , but her presence in Qatar appears to have become an embarrassment to the organization . Qatar 's government is allied with the rebels . The UNHCR said it was seeking an explanation from Qatari authorities for al-Obeidy 's deportation . An official at the Qatari Embassy in Washington asked CNN to e-mail questions about the deportation , but did not respond to them . CNN 's Khalil Abdallah and Tim Lister and Journalist Sherif Elhelwa contributed to this report .	NEW : Rights group official says "  all eyes " are on eastern Libya officials No reaction from Qatari officials on Eman al-Obeidy 's deportation U.S. "  very concerned ; " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees seeks explanation Al-Obeidy tells CNN she was beaten , handcuffed and forced onto a plane in Qatar
CNN  It took more than seven decades , but England finally got its delivery of tons of silver coins . For most of those years , the money was deep at the bottom of the Atlantic , the monetary casualty of a cruel World War II sinking . In November 1942 , the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver . The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface  5,150 meters  where it went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it . The sinking was the stuff of legend . The City of Cairo was bringing silver rupees from India to England as part of the war effort . After a stop in Brazil , two torpedos sank the ship in the Atlantic . After the ship went under , the U-boat reportedly surfaced and the captain said to the survivors in lifeboats : "  Goodnight , sorry for sinking you . " The captain 's lament is the title of a book about the event . Only a handful of people died as the ship sank but about 100 more passed away during the desperate attempt of the six boats to make it to land , which was hundreds of miles away . When the last of the lifeboats was found 51 days later , all but two people in it had died . Deep Ocean Search said in a news release that during the 2011 search it located an unnatural object on radar . A sub found the City of Cairo split into two parts , buried by silt . "  Under contract to the UK Ministry of Transport , DOS recovered several tens of tons of silver coins from a depth of  5,150 meters  , " the company said . The depth is a world record , the company claimed . Other deep-water operations reported in the media that are close to this depth include the 1987 search for the wreck of a South African Airways plane at 16,000 feet  4,700 meters  and the discovery of the SS Gairsoppa at about 15,400 feet  4,800 meters  in the North Atlantic in 2011 . The BBC reported the City of Cairo salvage operation was completed in September 2013 , but the British government made the company keep it secret until this week . The coins were melted and the silver sold , the BBC reported . Deep Ocean Search got a percentage of the sale , and the UK Treasury the rest , according to the BBC . At today 's rates , 100 tons of silver would be worth about $ 50 million . Remains of USS Oklahoma crew to be exhumed at Pearl Harbor CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	The ship was sunk in 1942 hundreds of miles of the coast of South America A British company says the salvage operation occurred at a world record depth The torpedoing is the subject of the book "  Goodnight , sorry for sinking you "
CNN  -- WTH John Travolta ? By most estimations , the Oscars show was somewhat staid this year . Some of Ellen DeGeneres ' jokes fell flat , no one got bleeped , and at one point whatever was happening on Amy Adams ' phone was way more interesting than the actual show . But there were a few things that happened that the Internet has fallen in love with -- other than Ellen 's selfie , we mean . Things like : 1  John Travolta , learn to pronounce Idina Menzel , please Perhaps he is not a Broadway fan or missed all of the hubbub about "  Frozen . " Whatever the reason , John Travolta butchered singer Idina Menzel 's name while introducing her performance of the Oscar-winning song "  Let It Go " from "  Frozen . " Suddenly "  Uh-deen-a Men-zelle " became "  the wickedly talented " "  Adele Dazeem . " Umm , what ? Dude , that was n't even close . We expected better from someone who started his intro with "  There will always be a special place in my heart for the movie musical . " 2  That pizza guy Yep , that was an honest-to-goodness pizza delivery that happened during the show . Ellen joked about sending out for some pies , and sure enough , a deliveryman from Big Mama 's & Papa 's Pizzeria appeared . He did n't give his name , but word is his co-workers were cheering for him . "  Who 's your favorite movie star ? They 're here , " Ellen quipped to him . Of course she passed the hat  Pharrell 's , naturally  to take up a collection for his tip , though it looks like he left without collecting it . The chain , which has stores throughout Los Angeles , wasted no time in tweeting about the delivery , as did pregnant actress Kerry Washington , who DeGeneres wanted to make sure got a slice . "  Yes ! @TheEllenShow - There IS gluten-free pizza !!!! " Washington tweeted . 3  '12 Years a Slave ' beef ? Kudos to John Ridley for winning the Oscar for best adapted screenplay for "  12 Years a Slave . " But he noticeably did not thank the film 's director , Steve McQueen . And McQueen 's reaction in the audience to Ridley 's win did n't look very joyous . Actually , it appeared that at some points McQueen 's hands did n't even touch and instead there was a faux-clap . Wow . Hollywood journalist Nikke Finke tweeted that her sources were "  attributing John Ridley-Steve McQueen cold shoulder at Oscars tonight to dispute over screenplay credit . " 4  No love for Leo Once again Leonardo DiCaprio was passed over for an Academy Award , and once again fans roared . DiCaprio lost the best actor award to Matthew McConaughey , and many were not pleased . It marks the fourth snub by the Oscars for Leo , who was nominated this year for "  Wolf of Wall Street " but has previously lost with nominations for "  What 's Eating Gilbert Grape , " "  The Aviator " and "  Blood Diamond . " "  Poor Leo you could see he is trying to hold back the tears , " tweeted one fan with a pic of what looked to be a dejected Leo responding to his name not being called . And then there was the "  And this is where I 'd put my Oscar ... if I had one " illustration of the actor . Better luck next year ? 5  Pharrell comes up short  s Yes , it is Los Angeles , where it 's sunny and warm , and maybe Pharrell was just overjoyed that the Oscars red carpet was spared the predicted rainstorm . Otherwise , we have no way of understanding why Pharrrell Williams showed up in shorts . The singer-songwriter-producer and his wife appeared on the red carpet with her in a feminized version of a tux , and him in formal wear only from the waist up . He may have been "  Happy " with his fashion choice , but many were n't . "  No , Pharrell . JUST NO . NEVER . #Oscars , " said one tweet . "  Pharell is slowly turning into a park ranger , " tweeted one viewer , who clearly was paying homage to our favorite Pharrell fashion item , his Smokey the Bear-like hat . We would like to think Pharrell made up for it with his rousing performance of his song "  Happy " from "  Despicable Me 2 , " which got the crowd moving . After all , anyone who can get Meryl Streep to shimmy ca n't be all bad , right ?	John Travolta totally messed up the pronunciation of "  Idina Menzel " Ellen committed to her pizza joke Pharrell 's shorts did not go over well
CNN  -- Congratulations , Jimmy Fallon . You 've won the "  Tonight Show . " You start Monday . Now , what are you going to do with it ? A lot is riding on the answer -- especially viewers . Jay Leno hosted "  Tonight , " the jewel of NBC 's late-night lineup , for 22 years , and though he was regularly criticized for lacking the comedic sting and interviewing skills of rival David Letterman , he topped the ratings for almost his entire run . On the other hand , Conan O'Brien , who held the job for just nine months in 2009-10 , was quickly removed when his numbers did n't measure up to his sometimes out-there humor . Now comes another change , with Fallon taking Leno 's spot and Seth Meyers becoming the host of "  Late Night . " Fallon is facing a much different landscape than Leno did in 1992 , however -- or even the one that O'Brien dealt with in 2009 . There 's more competition , for one thing . Fallon 's late-night rivals include Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert , Jimmy Kimmel , Chelsea Handler , Arsenio Hall  again  , Keith Olbermann , Bill Maher and O'Brien , among others . Also , for some viewers , not to mention the news media , there 's still the shadow of the Big Man , the long-time king of "  Tonight , " Johnny Carson . That 's a lot to deal with . It 's no wonder Fallon posed for New York magazine wearing -- literally -- big shoes . Having watched other late-night masters do their work through videos at New York 's Paley Center for Media , he treats the job with respect . But now that he 's entered the golden club of talk-show hosts , does it really matter ? "  The late-night genre is the only one whose legacy means more to the on-camera talents than it does to the audience , at least on a conscious level , " wrote TV critic Ken Tucker last year after Leno announced his retirement . "  Where the actors in sitcoms , dramas , and daytime talk shows are forever trying to justify , alter , or subvert the old forms , only talk-show hosts take upon themselves the burden of history , vowing to carry on the tradition of Carson  who is most frequently cited  , even as the demo they seek to reach says , baffled , ` Carson ? Carson Daly ? ' " The Carson legacy Indeed , it says a lot about the late-night landscape that there 's now a whole generation who barely remembers who Johnny Carson was . When baby boomers celebrate the 50th anniversary of The Beatles on "  The Ed Sullivan Show , " at least their children and grandchildren have some familiarity with the Fab Four , whose songs have become part of the pop cultural tapestry . Memories of Carson , on the other hand , are disappearing faster than the colors on an old 8-millimeter home movie . It 's no wonder that his estate launched a YouTube channel in 2011 . "  You talk to someone under the age of 25 , and they 've heard the name and most of them know he was on the ` Tonight Show , ' but his star is fading as the people who remember him go , " says Robert Thompson , the head of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . Which is ironic , because it was Carson who really established the template for the late-night talk show . Though he was n't the first to host "  Tonight , " it was Carson who became the security blanket for America for three decades , thanks to his skillful monologue , his way with guests , even his corny skits . His "  Tonight " was also hugely popular : According to a 1978 New Yorker profile of Carson , in the mid-1970s it was attracting close to 20 million viewers . That 's twice as much as the combined average audience for Leno , Letterman and Kimmel this season -- and about the same as the top-rated prime-time entertainment show of 2012-13 , "  The Big Bang Theory . " But Fallon says he has a different model in mind for his "  Tonight " : the original host , Steve Allen . ` What I do is more a variety show ' Allen is even less remembered than Carson these days , but his "  Tonight " was a free-wheeling hodgepodge of chat , skits , piano-playing  Allen was a prolific composer who wrote "  This Could Be the Start of Something Big "  , ad-libbing , man-on-the-street interviews and loopy stunts . In one of them , he persuaded the Marines to stage an "  invasion " of Miami Beach . Fallon probably wo n't do that -- it 's a different world -- but his show already has some of the qualities that Allen employed . He 's a capable guitarist and musical mimic who has done dead-on parodies of Bruce Springsteen and Neil Young , among others . Bits with guests such as Michelle Obama and Justin Timberlake have gotten millions of views online , and segments such as "  Slow Jam the News " have some of the whimsical quality that Allen was fond of . Fallon invites the comparison . "  What I do is more a variety show . It 's always been older in style . I 'm an old soul , " he told The New York Times . "  I would love for Steve Allen to still be around , because I think he would say , ` This guy gets it . ' " Youthful energy Moreover , by late-night standards , Fallon is n't "  old , " which is another quality he has going for him . Ol' David Letterman , inspiration for so many of the current hosts , is now Old David Letterman -- he 'll be 67 in April . Leno is 63 . Even Stewart , 51 , and Colbert , 49 , are on either side of 50 . Fallon , on the other hand , is 39 .  Carson , incidentally , was about to turn 37 when he took over "  Tonight " in 1962 ; Allen was 32 when the national "  Tonight " started in 1954 .  He 's intimately familiar with the short attention spans of the Internet age and has aimed his "  Late Night " at the sharable tendencies of the social-media cohort . That 's a plus at a time when ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel -- who 's 46 but still has the attitude of the snarky 30-year-old he was on "  Win Ben Stein 's Money " -- was running even with Leno in the advertiser-desired 18-49 demographic . Fallon also has the hipness of his support band , the Roots , in his favor . And he 's moving "  Tonight " back to New York for the first time since Carson took it to Los Angeles , land of the cut-off Slausons , in 1972 . The Michaels factor If Fallon has a challenge , it 's the crowded and splintered competition in which there 's a late-night show for every taste . Like tart political monologues ? You 're probably watching Stewart and Colbert on Comedy Central . Fond of Hollywood dish ? "  Chelsea Lately " on E! is your spot . Love Dick Cavett - or Tom Snyder-like in-depth interviews ? "  Charlie Rose " is there for you on PBS . But he and his old "  SNL " friend Meyers have another secret weapon : their producer , Lorne Michaels . Michaels , in fact , may be the real new king of late night . He now controls NBC 's three biggest late-night shows : "  Tonight , " "  Late Night " and "  SNL . " He 's even familiar with the new "  Late Night " bandleader , "  SNL " alum Fred Armisen .  Do n't laugh -- Armisen is a fine musician . Meyers , the former "  SNL " head writer and "  Weekend Update " anchor , may be an unknown quantity as talk-show host , but Michaels has faith . "  In my opinion , he has until next fall to find that show . He should be taking chances . It ca n't spring full-blown from Zeus ' thigh , " Michaels told New York magazine . Fallon , of course , has already established himself . And though he 'd like to continue Leno 's ratings lead , he does n't plan on changing much from the guy who made "  Late Night " his own . "  I do n't think we have to win , " he told The New York Times . "  I just think we have to keep doing better . "	Jimmy Fallon takes over "  Tonight Show " on Monday Show has long and storied history , but do viewers care about that ? Johnny Carson dominated late-night TV from "  Tonight 's " perch Landscape of late night is now splintered into many shows
CNN  -- A Tibetan student who died after setting herself on fire in western China had been experiencing difficulties following a head injury , the official Chinese news agency reported Wednesday . The student , Tsering Kyi , was the first of three Tibetans who reportedly self-immolated between Saturday and Monday . It is the only one of the three alleged acts so far acknowledged by the Chinese authorities . Tibetan advocacy groups say the self-immolations -- more than 20 of which are reported to have taken place in the past year -- are to protest Chinese rule . They follow an increase in security measures by the Chinese authorities in response to unrest among Tibetans in western areas of China in recent months and ahead of the sensitive anniversary of protests by Tibetan monks four years ago that ended in bloodshed . Activists say the disturbing acts reflect an increasingly repressive environment under China 's control . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans , saying that under its rule living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . Chinese officials have described the self-immolations as "  extreme " acts . The report Wednesday by Xinhua , the government news agency , suggested Tsering Kyi , 20 , had been troubled by the aftereffects of a head injury before she set herself on fire in the county of Maqu , or Machu in Tibetan , in Gansu Province . "  She was sent to hospital and has had occasional fainting spells , " Xinhua reported , citing the local police . "  The medical treatment held up her studies and her school scores began to decline , which put a lot of pressure on her and made her lose her courage for life and study . " A local official said similarities in the self-immolations point to a transparent political motive and behind-the-scenes orchestration , Xinhua reported . The victims were used by separatists to create chaos , according to Wu Zegang , chief of the Aba prefecture in Sichuan province . On Sunday , a mother of four named Rinchen died after setting herself alight in front of Kirti Monastery in the county of Aba , which Tibetans call Ngaba , in Sichuan Province , according to Tibetan advocacy groups like London-based Free Tibet . And on Monday , an 18-year-old Tibetan man named Dorje burned himself to death in a nomadic area of Aba , according to advocacy groups . Local officials reached by telephone declined to comment on the matter . It was not possible to independently verify the accounts of the self-immolations . China restricts journalists ' access to the areas where they have been taking place . This month will mark the fourth anniversary of protest marches by Tibetan monks in Lhasa that ended violently in 2008 . Tibetans say the situation escalated to violence when Chinese police beat monks who had been protesting peacefully ; Chinese authorities claim Tibetans launched attacks on Chinese businesses . Officially the death toll is under 20 ; Tibetans in exile say the death toll is near 150 .	China says a Tibetan who set herself on fire had lost "  her courage for life " Tibetan rights groups say Tibetans are self-immolating to protest Chinese rule Three Tibetans reportedly burned themselves to death between Saturday and Monday This month marks the anniversary of Tibetan protests in 2008 that ended in bloodshed
CNN  Mitt Romney sparked a firestorm of criticism from Republicans when he announced his interest in running for president again , and now he 's taking further friendly fire -- from within his own circle of former aides . Two former top Romney campaign aides panned another Romney run , with one , Romney 's former Florida campaign manager Brett Doster , backing Jeb Bush instead . Vin Weber , a co-chair for Romney 's 2012 bid , told Bloomberg Politics in an interview that aired Thursday afternoon that he 's not decided on who he 'll support in 2016 and he 's "  not happy " about the former Massachusetts governor 's reemergence onto the presidential politics scene . "  I 'm not happy , frankly , with the way that he 's chosen to re-enter presidential politics , and I think his friends need to be honest with him about that , " he said . "  He 's a great man , he would be a great president but there 's not a lot of good precedent for somebody losing the election and coming back four years later and becoming the nominee . " Weber referenced former New York Gov. Thomas Dewey , who ran unsuccessfully for president three times and unexpectedly lost what many believed to be an easily winnable race in 1948 to Democratic President Harry Truman . "  It did n't work out too well , " Weber said of that bid . And Doster said in an email reported by FloridaPolitics.com that "  Mitt Romney was a great leader for our party in 2012 ... but Jeb is my man , and Florida is Jeb Bush country . " Romney staffing up for 2016 bid Romney 's announcement to donors that he 's seriously looking at another run for president shocked GOP leaders and operatives , including many of his former staffers and supporters . Some of Romney 's top aides , however , are loudly on-board for another run . Eric Fehrnstrom , a longtime Romney aide and his top campaign advisor in 2012 , tweeted out poll numbers showing Romney polling way ahead of the pack . Indeed , Romney 's experienced a renaissance since losing to President Barack Obama in 2012 , with his image rebounding and the GOP looking to him as a de-facto leader on many issues . But his interest in running for president has sparked a wide array of criticism , both from his potential rivals and some of the party 's most prominent voices , including the Wall Street Journal editorial board . Right 's top 5 arguments against Romney in 2016 Weber acknowledged that the period following the 2012 campaign has been good for Romney , but noted that the conversation surrounding the former Massachusetts governor has shifted since his interest in the 2016 race became known . "  I think that Governor Romney had two increasingly good years after losing the presidency , and now he 's had one pretty bad week , " he said . Romney vs. Bush : The unexpected match-up	Mitt Romney 's 2012 campaign co-chair is "  not happy " about his interest in 2016 "  There 's not a lot of good precedent " for someone running successfully a third time , he said Romney 's expressed interest has prompted criticism from all quarters
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- An airstrike Saturday hit a parking lot outside the compound in central Tripoli of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , killing three people , a government spokesman said . Musa Ibrahim said he had no information about the identities of the dead in the attack on the compound , called Bab el-Azizia . The attack , presumably from NATO forces , came shortly after Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Khaim announced that Libya 's army will withdraw from the besieged coastal city of Misrata and allow tribal leaders to attempt to deal with the rebels . "  The situation in Misrata will be eased and will be dealt with by the tribes surrounding Misrata , " Khaim told reporters . "  You will see how they will be swift and quick and fast . " He added that the residents of Libya 's third-largest city have been in the grip of the conflict . "  The tactic of the Libyan army is to have a surgical solution , but it does n't work , " Khaim said . "  With the airstrikes , it does not work . We will leave it for the tribes and Misrata people to deal with the situation -- either to use force or negotiations . " He added , "  The tribal leaders have issued an ultimatum to the military saying they will deal with the situation if the military can not do it . ... They will speak with the rebels and , if there is no solution , they will fight the rebels . " In the rebel stronghold of Benghazi , in the east , rebel spokesman Ahmed Bani reacted to Khaim 's comments with laughter and derision . "  This only confirms that he wants to save face , " Bani said of Gadhafi . "  This confirms that our rebels in Misrata have liberated Misrata and that Libya is still in one piece , not two , the way Gadhafi hoped . In regards to the tribes fighting the rebels ; how would you believe that a person will fight his brother ? And who are the tribes that are supporting Gadhafi , anyway ? " He predicted that if Gadhafi forces leave Misrata , "  it will mean that this game is over . " But he added that he did not necessarily believe they will . Earlier Friday , Bani said that Libyan rebels had wrested control of a key building in Misrata and made other advances in the city . "  This victory is quite important for us , and it shows that we are advancing and we are heading in the right direction , " Bani told CNN about the rebels ' control of the National Insurance Building , which is on the main thoroughfare , Tripoli Street . Its height provided snipers with a clear view of surrounding streets . Bani said some fighters loyal to Gadhafi were negotiating to surrender their weapons to the rebels in exchange for the rebels ' assurances that they would not be harmed . But the carnage of recent days was on display at the city 's hospitals , where doctors were working long hours and beds were full . Gadhafi 's forces retain control of roads that lead to the seacoast city . But access by sea remains open , and on Friday another aid ship chartered by the International Organization for Migration left Benghazi for Misrata carrying food , medicine and other supplies . The organization said it hopes to rescue more casualties and stranded migrants from the city . "  Given the increasing number of casualties in Misrata and the thousands of lives that are in danger , we felt a responsibility to act , " said Foreign Minister Eamon Gilmore of Ireland , which is helping fund the chartered vessels . "  Colonel Gadhafi 's forces have agreed to allow ships into the port to evacuate civilians and we have requested that the IOM undertake an emergency operation on our behalf , " Gilmore said . At a news conference in Baghdad , America 's top military chief acknowledged a stalemate on Libya 's eastern front , around the oil towns of Ajdabiya and al-Brega , both of which have changed hands several times . "  The regime forces have changed their tactics , and changed it in a way where they essentially look like the opposition forces , so it 's become a much more difficult fight , " U.S. Navy Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told reporters . "  And as I 've observed in recent days , essentially it is very much stalemate-like in the vicinity of Ajdabiya and al-Brega , " Mullen said . He said the outcome -- toppling Gadhafi after nearly 42 years of rule -- is certain . But the timing , he said , is "  difficult to predict . " Also Friday , Sen. John McCain made an unannounced visit to Benghazi , the rebel stronghold , where residents welcomed him . Some waved American flags , some chanted , "  Thank you John McCain ! Thank you Obama ! Thank you America ! We need freedom ! Gadhafi go away ! " The senator from Arizona 's arrival came a day after the United States said it was deploying drones to Libya . McCain , a proponent of beefing up U.S. efforts to oust Gadhafi , said the drones will increase NATO 's capability but not enough to break a "  significant degree of stalemate . " Though he opposes sending U.S. ground troops to Libya , he said the international community needs to "  facilitate " weapons and training for the rebels . McCain , the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit Libya since the conflict erupted in February , challenged critics of intervention to tour Benghazi , as he did Friday , to see a "  powerful and hopeful example of what a free Libya can be . " The top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee stopped by a hospital and suggested that Western powers are not doing enough for the rebels . "  Let 's face it : This is not a fair fight , " said McCain , a decorated Vietnam veteran with clout in defense circles . "  Maybe we should be doing everything we can to help these people and maybe we 're not , and they 're dying . " U.S. Predator drones were deployed Thursday in the North African nation as part of the NATO-led military efforts there . But as of Friday night , the drones had made no strikes , said a Pentagon spokesman , Navy Capt. Darryn James . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said earlier that bad weather forced the deployed drones to return . Libya 's deputy foreign minister told reporters that the decision reflects poorly on U.S. President Barack Obama . "  He is involving himself in a dirty game , " Khaim said . "  This is will be another crime against humanity committed by the American administration and I feel very sad for President Obama to be involved in such a thing . " CNN 's Reza Sayah , Saad Abedine , Frederik Pleitgen and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Airstrike hits parking lot outside Gadhafi 's compound in central Tripoli The situation in Misrata "  will be dealt with by the tribes around Misrata , " official says "  This only confirms that he wants to save face , " rebel spokesman says of Gadhafi The rebels claim victory in taking over a central Misrata building
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad stood firm Sunday against global calls for him to step down , insisting that his vision should be the foundation of any future solution to the country 's crisis . In a rare public speech , al-Assad lambasted those who want to "  fragment Syria " and accused foreigners of helping fuel terrorism on the ground . "  Those are the enemies of the people and the enemies of God . And the enemies of God will go to hell , " the president told a packed auditorium of supporters . Al-Assad laid out a plan for a solution to the crisis , which he said should start with regional countries ending their support for "  terrorists . " The government frequently describes dissidents as terrorists . The president 's plan includes a national dialogue as well as the writing of a new constitution that would be put up for a public referendum . But there 's a major caveat to the plan : Al-Assad said he will not deal with "  terrorists " -- a description that , in his view , includes the vast majority of the opposition . Similarly , opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad 's "  criminal " government , nor will they accept any solution that does n't involve al-Assad 's departure . Egypt 's Morsy calls for trial of al-Assad "  There can be no solution to the conflict in Syria until he is pushed out with his team . His speech is continuing the war against the Syrian people , " said George Sabra , vice president of the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces . In a statement , the opposition coalition described the speech as a "  preemptive strike against both Arab and international diplomatic solutions . " Al-Assad is incapable of coming up with a viable political solution to the crisis , the opposition coalition said , because he insists on remaining in power "  despite being rejected by his people and his traditional allies . " But just as he has throughout Syria 's 22-month uprising , al-Assad refused to acknowledge the widespread movement inside his country seeking an end to four decades of his family 's rule . He claimed many of the opposition fighters are not Syrians , but rather foreign terrorists bent on destabilizing the nation . "  We are facing an external attack against us , which is more dangerous than any other previous wars , " he said . "  We are dealing with those who are extremists , who only know the language of killing and criminality . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague described al-Assad 's speech as "  beyond hypocritical . " "  Deaths , violence and oppression engulfing #Syria are his own making , empty promises of reform fool no one , " Hague tweeted . Similarly , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland criticized al-Assad 's speech , saying it was "  yet another attempt by the regime to cling to power and does nothing to advance the Syrian people 's goal of a political transition . " Al-Assad has "  lost all legitimacy and must step aside , " she said . As the president spoke , the violence carried on unabated . "  I have heard 10 shells fall during the speech , " resident Mohammed Doumany told CNN from Douma , a suburb of Damascus . Heavy shelling from missile launchers also hit the Damascus suburb of Mesraba during the speech , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The opposition group reported that at least 101 people were killed in violence across the country on Sunday . The president 's address , carried live on state-run TV , was al-Assad 's first since June . Since then , tens of thousands of Syrians have been killed , and the country appears no closer to a resolution . During his last publicized speech in June , al-Assad called for unity . "  We are in a state of real war , in every aspect of the words . And when we 're in a state of war , all of our politics has to be concentrated on winning this war , " al-Assad said at the time . But during the seven months since , reports from inside Syria suggest rebels are gaining ground . The battles between al-Assad 's forces and rebels are raging closer to the president 's doorstep , with some of the fiercest fighting taking place near Damascus . More than 60,000 people have been killed in the Syrian civil war , according to the United Nations . The crisis , which started in March 2011 , began when peaceful anti-government protests led to a fierce crackdown by the government and spiraled into and armed uprising and civil war . CNN can not independently confirm reports of daily violence inside Syria , because the government has restricted access by journalists . In an open letter Friday , Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib , head of the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , implored the U.N. Security Council and world leaders to take action . "  Our people are subjected to genocide , and our country is being destroyed as the international silence is only encouraging the regime to commit more crimes against humanity , " he wrote . "  Halting massacres in Syria is an international obligation everyone should bear responsibility for . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	U.S. State Department spokeswoman : Bashar al-Assad has lost all legitimacy The Syrian president lays out a plan for reconciliation , but says he wo n't work with "  terrorists " Al-Assad has been "  rejected by his people and his traditional allies , " says the opposition
New York  CNN  -- If the Americans followed the French presidential elections as avidly as the French stare at the poll ratings of Mitt Romney and Barack Obama , they would know that "  Sarko l'Amricain , " Sarkozy the American , may soon have to say "  good bye " to the Elyse Palace . The omens are bad and the possible demise of the most pro-American president in our history raises questions about our long and complex transatlantic relations . How will French election be decided ? Not that there is so much to worry about . Sarkozy 's potential successor , the Socialist Franois Hollande , may have said that "  the enemy is finance , " but he also told the New York Times that before attending l'Ecole Nationale d'Administration , the alma mater of our elite public service , he had traveled to the United States and written a report on the American fast food industry that foresaw the triumph of McDonald 's in France a decade later . The candidate even admitted a personal weakness for hamburgers -- a strategic clich America is welcome to take as a token of transatlantic loyalty . But it is not always enough . Remember Jacques Chirac ? Our former president gained real popularity in the U.S. after telling Larry King that in his youth he had worked as a soda jerk at a Howard Johnson hotel , and even dangerously overextended his vacations to date a southern belle who called him "  Honey Chile " and drove him around in a white Cadillac convertible . All this sincere devotion to Americana did n't spare him from being reviled later as the commander-in-chief of the "  Cheese-Eating Surrender Monkeys " , unwilling to risk blood and treasure in the quest of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . Tons of "  Freedom Fries , " the creative rants of Bill O'Reilly and George W. Bush , even the sad visit to the White House in 2004 of our then ambassador to check officially on the status of France  "  Friend or Foe ? "  are enough proof that our relations can become sour and chaotic overnight . But hateful ? No . It 's just ... complicated . Colin Powell , the man in the middle in 2004 , sincerely thought America and France could form a bona fide couple , be it "  in therapy for the last 60 years . " And if the first rule of therapy is to verbalize , France has been vocal , to say the least . The official French explanation is that we both have strong and "  radiating " cultures . The reality is that history has not made us equal . And it is sometimes painful . It was made worse , and personal , by World War II , when Presidents Roosevelt and Truman did n't embrace Charles De Gaulle , the only remnant of dignity of a battered country and the only symbolic redemption of a past that included a shaming defeat , a cruel occupation and the moral abyss of collaboration by Vichy and French police . Sure , America saved us . But it is sometimes hard to be saved , especially when your savior does n't seem to take you very seriously . No wonder the French flirted with grandiosity in the 1960s . The interior conquest made up for the loss of a colonial empire . The social protection , the nuclear show of force , the state-owned companies , the glowing technocratic elite and appeals to the developing world confirmed the victorious march of our "  Third Way " between Washington and Moscow . It is one of the reasons why , in contrast to most other western countries , the French conservative parties and its establishment never saw the American entrepreneurial way of business as a suitable model . It was even seen as a little vulgar . The change came with Sarkozy . His bourgeois but simple upbringing , his father 's foreign origin made him an unlikely candidate for the elite and all the more sensitive to the growth , creativity and class promotion promised by the American capitalism and meritocracy . He was also the first to suggest a system of affirmative action for the young descendants of immigrants locked in ghettos by decades of neglect and racism . But "  Sarko " became less American after the collapse of the markets in 2008 , less prone to show to France , as a model , a country where citizens actually demonstrate against government-run healthcare , less inclined to diversity when he needed the extreme right vote for his re-election . There was also a disappointment . If our president had gotten along much better than Chirac with George W. Bush since 2007 , he had great hopes to bask in the world aura of Obama , and even to replace the British as the closest ally of the United States . That did not happen . A rational and aloof Obama kept the unprecedented French love fest at bay . "  The most American of the two is not who you would think , " a diplomat whispered to me after one of their first meetings , strangely mixing admiration , irony and plain old stereotypes . Once again , France seemed to need the big mirror across the Atlantic to shape its identity and solve its anxieties . A colleague swore to me that Jean Dujardin 's Oscar for "  The Artist " would offset the loss of our triple-A credit rating . In the middle of the Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex scandal last year , half of the French sneered at the "  American Puritanism " and its disgusting Perp Walks . The other half admired a country that would treat a rich and powerful man as badly as the common man . But both sides agreed to buy a magazine cover story that asked : "  The Americans , What do they think of us ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philippe Coste .	Possible demise of pro-U.S. French President Sarkozy raises questions over complex relations Love for U.S. not always enough to ensure U.S. respect for France , says Philippe Coste He says sometimes France 's WW2 savior , U.S , does n't seem to take it very seriously Sarkozy had vainly hoped to replace British as closest ally of U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two key Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee announced their opposition to Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor on Friday , a further sign the party 's conservative base is uniting against President Obama 's first high court pick . Sonia Sotomayor 's Supreme Court nomination is to be put to a vote in the Judiciary Committee next week . Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch , the former chairman of the committee , and Texas Sen. John Cornyn , head of the party 's Senate campaign committee , announced on the Senate floor their intention to vote against the 55-year-old federal appeals court judge . Hatch 's decision came as something of a surprise . The veteran Republican has voted for every high court nominee in his 32-year Senate career , including President Clinton 's two liberal choices , Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer . Hatch had praised Sotomayor 's "  credentials and experience " and the fact that she would be the first Hispanic justice . But despite the nominee 's compelling life story , Hatch said that controversial off-the-bench comments by Sotomayor troubled him . "  I reluctantly , and with a heavy heart , have found that I can not support her nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court , " Hatch said in a written statement . "  In truth , I wish President Obama had chosen a Hispanic nominee that all senators could support . I believe it would have done a great deal for our great country . Although Judge Sotomayor has a compelling life story and dedication to public service , her statements and record were too much at odds with the principles about the judiciary in which I deeply believe . " Cornyn candidly admitted that his opposition to Sotomayor could carry political risks in his home state , where one-third of the electorate is Hispanic . "  Voting to confirm a judge -- this judge or any judge -- despite doubts would certainly be the politically expedient thing to do , but I do n't believe it would be the right thing to do , " he said on the Senate floor . "  Many of her public statements reflected a surprisingly radical view of the law , " he said . He argued that the "  stakes are simply too high for me to confirm someone who could address all these issues from a liberal , activist perspective . " Seven other Republicans have said they would vote against Sotomayor . Five mostly moderate GOP lawmakers announced their intention to back her . A vote is scheduled for Tuesday in the Judiciary Committee , followed by an expected final floor vote a week later . There is little doubt about the outcome , and Republican Party leaders have said no filibuster is planned . Conservative groups have been pushing Republican senators to rally hard against Sotomayor . The National Rifle Association stressed the intensity of its opposition to her nomination Thursday , warning senators that their votes will be considered in its future candidate evaluations . Among those supporting Sotomayor is conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , whose folksy questioning of the nominee during last week 's confirmation hearings attracted wide attention . His decision brought a rebuke from the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network , which slammed Graham 's support "  based upon his apparent willful blindness to her record , both on the bench and off , of indulging her own ethnic and gender biases , personal political views , and liberal agenda in the name of ` law . ' " The network 's counsel , Wendy Long , dismissed Graham 's "  cynical , pandering comments during the Judiciary Committee hearings , which were clearly aimed at drawing attention to himself rather than illuminating the role of the court in our constitutional republic . " Some Republican moderates have privately expressed concern that attacking Sotomayor could hurt the party 's efforts to attract more Hispanics and women , especially since her confirmation seems assured . Sotomayor 's "  wise Latina " comments were cited by Cornyn and others as reason for opposing her . The Texas Republican said Sotomayor was less than forthcoming when explaining her remarks in a 2001 speech . Sotomayor told a group of Hispanic law students that "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experience , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " She has echoed the sentiment in related talks she has given over the years . Cornyn said the remarks contrasted sharply with her pledge during her confirmation hearings to rule on cases without personal bias . "  Who is the real Judge Sonia Sotomayor ? " he asked .	Sen. Orrin Hatch says nominee 's off-the-bench comments are troubling Sen. John Cornyn cites "  surprisingly radical view of the law " Vote on nomination to come soon , with approval expected Conservative groups have been pushing senators to oppose
CNN  -- Seiji Ozawa is Asia 's most successful conductor , a maestro in a quintessentially Western art form , and a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan . But the affable 74-year-old is used to crossing cultural boundaries . Born in Manchuria during the Japanese occupation - his father a Buddhist , his mother a Presbyterian - he was raised in Tokyo , and greatly influenced by western culture and a Christian upbringing . His love of music was first explored through the church , but later he studied at the Toho School of Music in Tokyo . A career as a pianist was curtailed when the 16-year-old sports-loving Ozawa broke two fingers during a rugby match . From Toho he traveled to Europe and New York to further his studies . It was a steep learning curve where he learnt how to deal first-hand with other cultures and prejudices . "  I have many problem , beginning . Um ... maybe now , I do n't know , but beginning especially . It was difficult . Some people ask me , ` You came from China , you came from Japan , do you really understand Bach or do you really understand Mozart ? ' " he told CNN . After years abroad , his return to Japan in 1962 to conduct the NHK Symphony Orchestra for six months was far from a happy homecoming ; the orchestra rebelled and refused to play for him . "  I made mistake , and I think it was too soon -LSB- for me -RSB- to take a professional orchestra for six months and at the end I think they had enough . "  I think I was a little bit stuck up ... I mean , I was conducting the best orchestra in Japan already I 'm still 26 or 27 . Very young . And I think I 'm sure during rehearsal I say something not so nice . And in Japan very bad if conductor say something not so nice . But I learned , so I become more careful and I think I started more studying , so not make mistake . "  But in a way , it may sound very strange , but really it did me good that boycott . " It meant Ozawa explored opportunities outside of Japan , directing festivals and orchestras across Europe , Canada and the U.S. . He became musical director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra a post he held for 29 years until 2004 . He left Boston for Vienna to embrace a new challenge with the State Opera . As well as the challenge of a new city and repertory , Ozawa believes it was a move that rounded out his musical education , even if he was 68-years-old at the time . When a young conductor his interest in opera had been fostered by his early tutor Herbert von Karajan . "  He said if you do n't study this , one half of Mozart you 'll never touch and almost 99 percent of Wagner , almost 100 percent of Puccini and Verdi , you know , half of Mozart is gone . " While Ozawa will step down from his position at the Vienna State Opera next summer , he will remain active in directing , conducting and educating the next generation in classical music . "  I have big hope all Asiatic people and countries ... everybody love music basically , " he said . "  Teaching has become , I think , more and more important my life , really . "	Seiji Ozawa was musical director of Boston Symphony Orchestra for 29 years Successful career has seen Ozawa conduct some of world 's greatest orchestras Had to deal with prejudice and expectation as Asian in Western dominated art form
CNN  -- It 's a fishing trip that could have had a very different ending . Efstathios "  Steve " Moumouris ' wife had fitting words shortly after the Florida man was rescued from the Gulf of Mexico , where he had bobbed for nearly 24 hours . "  There are no words to describe it , " Anastasia Moumouris told CNN Tampa affiliate WTSP . "  I said if anybody could make it would be him . " The dehydrated Moumouris , 51 , was spotted by good Samaritans who were out fishing for scallops off of Crystal River in Citrus County . He was about seven miles southwest of Crystal River . "  We got him on board and he was fairly coherent , " said Todd Hoy . The man had texted his wife Wednesday afternoon to tell her he was heading in , according to WTSP . He was not heard from again and she contacted authorities . Moumouris ' 16-food boat earlier Thursday was found unattended nine miles from the Fort Island boat ramp . The Citrus County Sheriff 's Office said a storm tossed Moumouris from his vessel . He was not wearing a life jacket when found . The fisherman was expected to be released from a local hospital .	Efstathios Moumouris went missing during a fishing trip Good Samaritans found him just off the coast of Citrus County , Florida Moumouris ' 16-foot boat was found nine miles from Fort Island boat ramp
London  CNN  -- Pakistani girls ' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai , who has found international fame since being shot by Taliban militants last year , met with another icon Friday : Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II . The Queen and her husband , Prince Philip , invited the young activist to a reception at Buckingham Palace , where they met and chatted for a short time . Malala , who was accompanied by her father , Ziauddin Yousafzai , presented the Queen with a copy of her newly published memoir , titled "  I am Malala . " "  It 's nice to meet you and it 's a great honor coming here , and I wanted to present you my book , " Malala said . Queen Elizabeth responded , "  That 's very kind of you . Thank you very much indeed . " Malala said she hoped the two could work together to make sure all children receive an education , not just in Pakistan , but in the United Kingdom , too . "  I hope that we will all work together for the education of every child , and especially in this country as well , because I have heard about many children that can not go to school , " she said . "  So I hope that we will continue our work on youth empowerment . " In his inimitable fashion , the Queen 's husband , Prince Philip , made a joke about children and education when meeting Malala at the palace . "  It 's one thing about children going to school , " he said , "  they go to school because their parents do n't want them in the house . " In an interview with CNN last week , Malala joked that she was going "  because it 's the order of the Queen , it 's the command . " Malala has been based in Britain since she was rushed there for major surgery after the Taliban shot her in the head in her native Pakistan because of her efforts to promote girls ' education . Malala : Accolades , applause and a grim milestone It 's been a busy few days for the 16-year-old . Last Friday , as the world marked the International Day of the Girl , she met U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama at the White House . Pakistan 's educational challenges Undaunted by the occasion , she challenged the President over U.S. drone strikes in her homeland , saying that they risk "  fueling terrorism " and that U.S. efforts would be better focused on promoting education , according to a statement she released . The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary part of the fight against militant groups , including the Taliban . A day earlier , Malala won the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought , awarded by the European Parliament . Parliament President Martin Schulz called her a "  brave advocate for education " who "  reminds us of our duty toward children and especially girls . " Malala 's memoir , which recounts her experiences after she was shot and her determination not to be intimidated by extremists , was released October 8 . There had been speculation that she might also be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last Friday , but it went instead to the world 's chemical weapons watchdog . Why Malala 's bravery inspires us Malala 's activism started after the Taliban banned girls from schools in Pakistan 's Swat Valley in 2009 . She anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order and became an open advocate for girls ' education . In 2011 , Malala told CNN , "  I have the right of education . I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . " A year later , at age 15 , she was riding the bus home from school when a Taliban gunman climbed aboard and shot her in the head . She nearly died . Since then , Malala has recovered and continued advocating for girls ' education , despite ongoing death threats from the Taliban . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Malala Yousafzai chats with Queen Elizabeth II at a Buckingham Palace reception The teenage education campaigner released her memoir last week and won an award Malala met President Barack Obama a week ago at the White House She was awarded the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought by the European Parliament
CNN  -- Undisturbed tropical forests are absorbing nearly one-fifth of the CO2 released by burning fossil fuels , a new study has found . Trees in undisturbed tropical forests are soaking up more CO2 than people realized . The scientific report published in "  Nature " magazine suggests that the world 's remaining tropical forests remove 4.8 billion tons of CO2 emissions from the atmosphere each year . This includes a previously unknown carbon sink in Africa , which annually absorbs 1.2 billion tons of CO2 . The study was based on taken data on African tropical forests from the past 40 years and has shown that for at least the past few decades each hectare of intact African forest has trapped an extra 0.6 tonnes of carbon per year . The scientists then analyzed the new African data together with South American and Asian findings to assess the total sink in tropical forests . Analysis of these 250,000 tree records reveals that , on average , remaining undisturbed forests are trapping carbon , showing that they are a globally significant carbon sink . "  We are receiving a free subsidy from nature , " said Dr. Simon Lewis from the University of Leeds , and the lead author of the paper , in a press statement . "  Tropical forest trees are absorbing about 18 percent of the CO2 added to the atmosphere each year from burning fossil fuels , substantially buffering the rate of climate change . " The study also found that trees of comparable age are gaining girth , though the reasons are unclear . For example , a 20-year-old tree is on average bigger than a 20-year-old tree measured a decade ago . A leading suspect is the extra CO2 in the atmosphere , which may act as a fertilizer . . However , Lewis warns , "  Whatever the cause , we can not rely on this sink forever . Even if we preserve all remaining tropical forest , these trees will not continue getting bigger indefinitely . " The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports that each year human activity emits 32 billion tons of CO2 , but only 15 billion tons actually remain in the atmosphere adding to climate change . The new research suggests just where some of the "  missing " 17 billion tons per year is going . "  It 's well known that about half of the ` missing ' carbon is being dissolved in to the oceans , and that the other half is going somewhere on land in vegetation and soils , but we were not sure precisely where . According to our study about half the total carbon ` land sink ' is in tropical forest trees , " Lewis said . The protection of tropical forests is likely to become a key theme at the U.N. Climate Change Conference in November in Copenhagen , Denmark . Co-author on the study , Dr. Lee White , Gabon 's chief climate change scientist said , "  To get an idea of the value of the sink , the removal of nearly 5 billion tons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by intact tropical forests , based on realistic prices for a ton of carbon , should be valued at around # 13 billion  $ 18.5 billion  per year . This is a compelling argument for conserving tropical forests . " Dr. Lewis added , "  Predominantly rich polluting countries should be transferring substantial resources to countries with tropical forests to reduce deforestation rates and promote alternative development pathways . "	Nearly 5 billion tonnes of carbon absorbed by undisturbed tropical forests Study found that trees in forests are getting bigger New carbon sink discovered in Africa that mops up 1.2 billion tons of CO2 IPCC says each year humans emit 32 billions tons of CO2
CNN  -- Cervelo 's Xavier Tondo won the toughest stage of this year 's Paris-Nice cycling classic as Alejandro Valverde finished second to ratchet up the pressure on race leader and their fellow Spaniard Alberto Contador . It was the biggest victory of Tondo 's fledgling career and reward for a solo break with just under 40km remaining of the 220km ride from Peynier to Tourrettes-super-Loup . The whittled down chasing bunch closed fast in the final kilometers but Tondo had five seconds to spare with Valverde leading the charge to claim six bonus seconds . It left him 14 seconds adrift of reigning Tour de France champion Contador ahead of a difficult final day in the south of France . Young Slovakian Peter Sagan , who claimed his second stage win of the race in dramatic style pm Friday , finished third to retain the green jersey of points leader . Tondo was delighted to win in his debut year for Cervelo , with his main duties this season set to be as a helper for Carlos Sastre in the Giro d'Italia and other major tours . He felt he was ready to challenge on Friday , but suffered bad luck with a mechanical problem , dropping over two minutes to lose his chance for the overall crown . "  It gave me a chance to go in the breakaway today and I felt very good on the climb , " he told the official Web site www.letour.fr . "  It 's incredible for me , in my first year with Cervelo . It 's my 10th victory as a pro , but in the past I only rode for small teams , " he added . Sunday 's final leg is a 119km stage based around Nice with several tough climbs where Contador has predicted he will seal his final victory . Meanwhile , last year 's winner Michele Scarponi claimed the fourth stage of the Tirreno-Adriatico to take the overall lead . Scarponi was in a small elite group who forged clear about 4km from the finish of the 243-km route from San Gemini to Chieti . He now leads Benoit Vaugrenard of France by 18 seconds in the overall classification .	Spain 's Xavier Tondo claims sixth stage of the Paris-Nice cycling classic Alejandro Valverde finishes second to claim six-second time bonus Valverde trails race leader Alberto Contador by 14 seconds going into last day
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The only man recognized as a survivor of both atom bombs dropped in Japan at the end of World War II has died . Tsutomu Yamaguchi died Monday after a battle with stomach cancer . He was 93 . He had long been a certified "  hibakusha , " or radiation survivor , of the August 9 , 1945 , atomic bombing in Nagasaki . In March 2009 , the Japanese government confirmed that he had also survived Hiroshima three days earlier . On that day , the U.S. B-29 bomber Enola Gay dropped an atomic bomb nicknamed "  Little Boy , " which exploded over Hiroshima at 8:15 in the morning . Yamaguchi happened to be in the city on a business trip for his employer , Mitsubishi Shipyard . Many years later , he recalled the bombing in a story that appeared in the British newspaper The Times . "  It was very clear , a really fine day , nothing unusual about it at all . I was in good spirits , " he said . "  As I was walking along , I heard the sound of a plane , just one . I looked up into they sky and saw the B-29 , and it dropped two parachutes . I was looking up into the sky at them , and suddenly ... it was like a flash of magnesium , a great flash in the sky , and I was blown over . " Badly burned , Yamaguchi returned home to Nagasaki only to experience horror again . "  My double radiation exposure is now an official government record , " Yamaguchi told reporters last year after his official recognition . "  It can tell the younger generation the horrifying history of the atomic bombings even after I die . " About 140,000 people perished in Hiroshima and an additional 70,000 in Nagasaki . Many of those who survived suffered a lifetime of radiation-related health problems , including cancers . Yamaguchi lost his hearing in his left ear in the blasts , and suffered from acute leukemia , cataracts and other bomb-related illnesses in subsequent years . Yamaguchi spoke publicly about his experiences and appealed for the abolition of nuclear weapons at venues such as the United Nations . He was visited in his hospital room in Nagasaki last month by filmmaker James Cameron , who wanted to discuss ideas for a film about nuclear weapons , the Japanese newspaper Mainichi reported .	Man exposed to two atom bombs at the end of World War II has died Tsutomu Yamaguchi died after a long battle with stomach cancer at 93 He appealed for the abolition of nuclear weapons at the United Nations . About 140,000 people perished in Hiroshima and an additional 70,000 in Nagasaki
New York  CNN  -- A man who ambushed firefighters Monday , fatally shooting two of them as they arrived to put out a raging inferno in upstate New York , took his own life with gunshot to the head , according to an autopsy conducted by the Monroe County Medical Examiner 's Office . Two other volunteer firefighters were wounded in the attack in the Rochester-area town of Webster . Authorities do not know how William Spengler , 62 , who was found dead hours after the four firefighters were shot , obtained the weapon or weapons he used or why he opened fire . Shooter who ambushed firefighters left note showing intent to burn , kill As a convicted felon , Spengler could not legally possess guns , but he had "  several different types of weapons , " Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said . Spengler was convicted in 1981 of first-degree manslaughter in the death of his grandmother and had been released on supervised parole . "  It appears that it was a trap , " Pickering said . "  There was a car and a house that were involved in flames , probably set by Mr. Spengler , who laid in wait in armament and then shot the first responders . " In audio heard over a scanner , a West Webster Fire Department firefighter reported "  multiple firemen shot " -- including himself , with wounds to his lower back and lower leg -- and "  shots still being fired . " ` Brother , hang tight , ' wounded New York firefighter told as two colleagues lay dead	Autopsy shows that William Spengler took his own life with a gunshot to the head He killed two firefighters as they arrived to put out a raging inferno in upstate New York Authorities say they do n't know how Spengler , 62 , obtained the weapon or weapons he used
CNN  -- Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was once a student revolutionary himself , perhaps not much different from the thousands of protesters who this week have taken to the streets in Iran . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei became a political activist while a religious scholar studying under Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini Khamenei became a political activist while a religious scholar studying under Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , among others , according to his biography on his official Web site . He was part of a circle of clerics who opposed the rule of the shah of Iran , Mohammed Reza Pahlavi , and was jailed by the shah 's secret police , the Savak , at least six times in the 1960s and 1970s . He says he was tortured in prison before being exiled in 1976 , three years before the revolution that deposed the shah . Khomeini was in exile in Paris , France , when the shah fled Iran in 1979 . He appointed Khamenei to represent him on an Islamic Revolutionary Council , alongside other key figures such as Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . The appointment may have been a career-making moment for Khamenei , who was a fairly low-level scholar at the time , said Iran analyst Shireen Hunter , a visiting scholar at Georgetown University in Washington . Learn more about Iran 's recent history "  He is not qualified to be an ayatollah , " or top-ranking Islamic scholar , she said , saying he had picked up the title by dint of succeeding Khomeini as supreme leader , "  like an honorary doctorate . " Khamenei , now 70 , was briefly minister of defense and head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards in the early 1980s before becoming president , a post he held from 1982 to 1990 . In power , he clashed ideologically with Rafsanjani , favoring a more left-wing politics than Rafsanjani , who came from a more bourgeois background than the poor Khamenei . He also locked horns with the man who was prime minister when he was president -- Mir Hossein Moussavi , now the most prominent opposition leader . The two had similar anti-American , left-wing politics but struggled over power in what Hunter called "  the two-headed monster " that was then the Iranian political structure . "  There were turf battles between the president and the prime minister , " she said . Khomeini died in 1989 , and Khamenei was appointed the next supreme leader . The post of prime minister was abolished . Rafsanjani seems to have been a "  kingmaker " in the elevation of Khamenei to the top job , Hunter said , perhaps thinking he would be the power behind the throne . But with time , Khamenei has become his own man , she said . Rafsanjani was president in the 1990s , but lost a comeback attempt in 2005 -- defeated by current President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . As supreme leader , Khamenei is the ultimate arbiter of policy in Iran . He appoints the Guardian Council , the country 's election authority . He also appoints key posts in the intelligence services and the armed forces , including the powerful Revolutionary Guard . Additionally , he confirms the president 's election . In theory , the supreme leader is appointed by a body of clerics whom voters elect . But in practice , this body -- the Assembly of Experts -- has answered to the supreme leader . Khamenei 's authority has been challenged at times . Nearly half the members of Iran 's parliament criticized him openly in 2004 for ordering general elections to go ahead despite a widespread belief that they would not be free or fair . The elections took place as scheduled . Khamenei supports the country 's controversial nuclear program , and when President Obama reached out directly to the people of Iran with a video message , it was Khamenei who responded . Khamenei said in March he saw no change in U.S. policy toward Iran despite Obama 's promise of a "  new beginning . " He said a change in rhetoric was not enough , and Washington must practice what it preaches , according to the English-language Press TV channel in Iran . He hailed the disputed Iranian presidential election as "  a miracle " for the record turnout , but that very public enthusiasm for the election may signal a shift that Khamenei failed to anticipate . "  He has now very much become his own man , but the country has changed , " Hunter said . "  Look at the women 's situation . They make a big deal out of saying how many women they have educated . That is true , but then you can not expect them to keep doing things the same way . "	Post on Islamic Revolutionary Council may have been career-making Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was minister of defense , head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Mir Hossein Moussavi was prime minister when Khamenei was president
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- An Orlando , Florida , airport official wants to join the small group of U.S. airports who use a private company to screen passengers instead of the Transportation Security Administration . Larry Dale , president of the Sanford Airport Authority in Orlando , says the airport first considered the change in February and it was approved on Oct. 5 . "  Airports are unique ... one size does n't fit all , " Dale told CNN 's American Morning on Friday . Dale says his board and staff have been looking at other airports that provide their own security in preparation for making the switch at Orlando Sanford International Airport . Dale says his research shows that using a private security screening company would be "  more efficient and more enjoyable to the public . " Dale 's comments come during a week in which the TSA has been under fire for it 's airport screening procedures , including imaging technology and pat downs . TSA is in charge of protecting the nation 's transportation systems . Private airport security is not uncommon . The TSA lists 16 airports that are currently participating in its Screening Partnership Program . They include San Francisco International Airport , Kansas City International Airport , Greater Rochester International Airport and Key West International Airport . Participating airports work with TSA to hire an approved security contractor and must follow TSA security guidelines when screening passengers and baggage , according to the TSA website . "  All commercial airports are regulated by TSA whether the actual screening is performed by the TSA officers or private companies . The TSA sets the security standards that must be followed and includes the use of enhanced pat downs and imaging technology , if installed at the airport , " said TSA spokesman Greg Soule . Congressman John Mica , R-Florida , the ranking member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , wrote a letter to the nation 's 100 busiest airports urging them to ditch the TSA for private security . Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	16 airports use private security TSA must approve the company Florida Congressman John Mica urges others to go private
Kinshasa , DRC  CNN  -- Kinshasa has n't had an easy time of it . A decade ago , the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo was a broken city , ravaged by years of war and infighting . Of late , however , Kinshasa has witnessed a resurgence , with many expatriated Congolese returning to build a new city . "  When I came back , people thought I was crazy . " -LSB- They would ask -RSB- , ` why would you go into a country where there is war ? Where nothing is working ? Why not stay in the States and make your life ? ' " says Joss Ilunga Dijimba , who returned to Kinshasa in 1996 after studying in America . Today , Dijimba runs his own eponymous business , manufacturing plastic bottles for the pharmaceutical industry . "  In the USA , everything has been done -- everything . In Congo , there is still a way to make things right . I am a Congolese . If I 'm not going to make it , who 's going to ? " In agreement is Olivier Ndombasi , who always planned on building his fortune in his homeland . Like his elder brothers , he studied abroad in the hope of bringing back knowledge that could improve the family business : groceries . His father 's small store has now turned into a supermarket franchise called Peloustore , with four locations and more on the way . "  It 's very exciting to be able to do things in a new environment , and do things you did n't think you 'd be able to do , " says Ndombasi . "  The challenge is great , but it 's very exciting . " Many agree that there are obstacles , but returnees often cite the exhilaration of starting with a clean slate . "  Come to Kinshasa , you unlearn what you thought you knew . You take your MBA book , your business plan , put it in your pocket and start from scratch , " says Alain Yav , who 12 years ago founded Pygma Group , a holding company that has interests in communication and construction . Pygma also produces one of the country 's most popular television shows : Beauty Queen . Though the journey has been long , and there are still large portions of the country 's population living below the poverty line  70.5 % in 2011 , according African Economic Outlook  , Yav says Kinshasa is starting to reap economic benefits . "  When you are working really hard , at some time , you stop believing . But I think we are lucky , because we are seeing it 's progressing . Not just us , not just our company , not just our industry , but we are seeing things move forward in every direction , " he says . To prove the point , Kinshasa also seems to be experiencing a construction boom . Buildings are going up at a ferocious rate . One of the largest -- and most controversial -- projects is La Cite du Fleuve  River City  , a floating-island complex that is expected to include thousands of flats , hotels and shopping centers . "  Everywhere -LSB- you look -RSB- , you can see new buildings and lots of construction , " says Didier M'Pambia , who set up Optimum , one of the larger PR firms in the city . M'Pambia also publishes Optimum Magazine , a glossy pan-African business quarterly aimed at giving the Congolese diaspora information about their home country . "  It 's not a Congolese magazine ; it 's a magazine at the same level of other magazines produced in the United States , Europe or South Africa , " says M'Pambia . "  We do n't have to be ashamed that we are in Africa . You have to be proud to be Africa and to show your personality . As Congolese , we have to be the first people involved in our development , " he says .	Kinshasa , the capital of the Democratic of Congo , is experiencing a construction boom Many Congolese are returning from abroad to build businesses at home Local entrepreneurs say their hard work is starting to pay off
CNN  -- Cyndi Lauper is one fabulous and fun sage . The girl had it goin ' on way back in 1984 when she sang "  Money Changes Everything . " It does . Oh , I hear you . Everybody knows that . But not so fast . Fresh off her "  we were dead broke " when we left the White House gaffe , Hillary Clinton told the British newspaper The Guardian that people in the middle class "  do n't see me as part of the problem . " Why ? Because , she says , when it comes to income inequality , "  we -LSB- Bill and I -RSB- pay ordinary income tax , unlike a lot of people who are truly well off ... and we 've done it through dint of hard work . " The Clintons do come from humble backgrounds and they did work hard back to get to where they are , but Clinton 's hard work today is in the eye of the beholder . Writing a speech then delivering it for $ 200,000 takes some brain work , but it 's a lot easier than digging ditches . Or rushing home after an eight-hour shift at Walmart to cook dinner , take care of the kids , do the laundry and then do it all again six hours later . Let 's face it , when you and your beloved are worth $ 100 million , most Americans find it difficult to relate to your past "  hard work " when you now have the luxury of drivers , maids , Secret Service and a mansion in Chappaqua , New York . The Guardian reporter observed in his article that laughing appears to be Clinton 's "  way of acknowledging pain . " Perhaps she realized her inelegance on some level , because she let out a burst of laughter after her response . As Lauper said , money changes everything . Would n't it have been grand if Clinton had said , "  I worked hard , yes , but I 've been blessed for so many years . I ca n't say I totally understand your life , but having been there once , I promise you , I 'll try . " But , it 's a rare wealthy politician or millionaire who will admit they do n't "  get " the middle class or the working poor . What other explanation is there for Mitt Romney 's comments during his 2012 presidential run about 47 % of Americans ? "  All right , there are 47 % who are with -LSB- President Obama -RSB- , " Romney said , "  who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them . ... These are people who pay no income tax . ... My job is not to worry about those people . I 'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives . " Billy Ray Valentine  Eddie Murphy  was so awesomely right when he said in the movie , "  Trading Places , " "  The best way you hurt rich people is by turning them into poor people . " Take Sting . The rock legend is worth a mint , but he , too , came from modest means . He so desperately wants his kids to know what it 's like to have a "  work ethic " that he expects them to earn their own money . In other words , do n't count on a giant inheritance from mom and dad . It 's worthy exercise , except you ca n't change entitled people by simply withholding cash . Alfred Lubrano , an award-winning journalist and author of "  Limbo , " said Sting 's exercise is "  doomed to fail . " "  When you grow up in a white collar home , kids have absorbed so many lessons of being entitled . It 's no one 's fault ; it 's simply how it works , " Lubrano said . In other words , Sting 's kids will never know what it 's like to be "  seen and not heard . " They 're used to having a place at the table , not working for one . Larry Sabato , director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia , says if the wealthy really want to understand those with more modest means , they should resurrect Sen. Bob Graham 's 100 "  Workdays . " Back in 1977 , when Graham was running for governor of Florida , he told voters he would "  experience the lives of ordinary Floridians firsthand by working their jobs . " In order to accomplish that , as Graham 's website put it , he worked 100 days laboring at everything from "  changing bedpans and cleaning invalids in a nursing home to wielding blowtorches as a steel worker and going without sleep as a long-haul trucker . " Graham told me , "  I learned a lot of intangibles . I learned by actually doing something as opposed to learning by listening to a lecture or reading it in a book . " Not only that , Graham said , he learned "  a lot about what government does that does n't make sense in the real world . " Wow ! Perhaps millionaire politicians should give Graham 's workdays a try . Or at least get a grip on their talking points . Joe Biden did -- yes , our vice president . He told a group of people at the Summit on Working Families : "  Sometimes we talk about this stuff , about struggle . My struggle -- my God , compared to where I grew up and the way people are trying to go through things -- but here is the point I want to make -- I have been really , really fortunate . " Did our VP just admit that money does change everything ?	Hillary Clinton said she pays ordinary income tax and made money through hard work Carol Costello says when the Clintons are worth $ 100 million , it 's hard for Americans to relate Costello : It 's rare for wealthy politicians to admit they are n't in touch with middle class Rich politicians need to concede that "  money changes everything , " Costello says
CNN  -- They are being billed as the Jimmy Choos of horseshoes but it 's more than just the design that will appeal to jockeys and trainers . Australian company CSIRO Titanium Technologies claims to have built a lighter horseshoe by using titanium rather than the traditional cast aluminum . It says the shoe can be up to 100 grams lighter , which could mean that horses run faster in races . Now , 100 grams might not sound like much but as Clive Woodward -- given a knighthood after coaching England to glory at the 2003 rugby world cup -- says , such small margins can make the biggest of difference . And whereas a pair of shoes made by Jimmy Choo can fetch more than $ 3,200 , a set of four titanium horseshoes costs a mere $ 560 . "  We are aiming to build confidence with the horse and the racing team , " John Barnes , a titanium expert with CSIRO Titanium Technologies , told CNN in an email . "  We still believe we can take more weight out . " In producing the titanium model , scientists scanned a horse 's hooves using a hand-held device before formulating the design with software , CSIRO said in a news release with a headline referring to the famous Malaysian-born designer . "  Four of the customized kicks were printed within only a few hours ! " according to CSIRO . "  It was a team decision when we were trying get people to understand the potential of additive manufacturing and how you do n't have to be an expert designer , " said Barnes . "  Advances in 3-D scanning provide an easy , affordable way to get a customized object and still have ultimate design flexibility . "  There are so many ways we can use 3-D titanium printing . " Richard Perham , a senior jockey coach at the British Racing School in Newmarket , England , said the new technology has potential . "  My job as a jockey coach is to get the riders to understand more about making finer points count , " Perham , a flat jockey for 16 years prior to retiring , told CNN . "  So if you add all those little points up and all those little 100 grams up , then I think there would be an advantage . "  Every bit helps . "	An Australian company says it can manufacture a horseshoe made of titanium Weighing less than traditional aluminum horseshoes , horses can potentially run faster Advances in 3-D scanning helped to deliver the final product , the firm says A set of four shoes costs about $ 560 and one version was made in purple
Moscow  CNN  -- Prisoners in ice , more than 100 Beluga whales in far eastern Russia risk death unless rescued soon . The flock of gentle ghost-white whales was trapped in ice floes in the Sinyavinsky Strait off the Bering Sea near the village of Yanrakynnot , said a statement from the Chukotka Autonomous Region . Fishermen reported that the whales were concentrated in two relatively small ice holes , where , for now , they can breathe freely . But the Belugas ' chance of swimming back to water is slim due to the vast fields of ice over the strait . The whales have little food , and the ice floe is increasing , the statement said . They are at risk of rapid exhaustion and , ultimately , death by starvation or suffocation . Trapped whales are also susceptible to predators like polar bears and killer whales . The Chukotka Autonomous Region government has sought help from federal authorities and asked for an icebreaker to help rescue the Belugas . A rescue tug , Ruby , was in the area helping a Korean cargo ship that ran aground on the southern coast of Chukotka but it would take one and a half days for it to reach the whales , the statement said . Trapped belugas are a frequent phenomenon in the Arctic waters but are not often detected by people . In Chukotka , the last relatively successful case was recorded in 1986 , when an ice-breaker helped free trapped beluga whales .	More than 100 Belugas are trapped in ice floes off the Bering Sea Unless the whales are rescued soon , they could die from suffocation or starvation Local authorities have sought help from Moscow
CNN  -- The wife of a U.S. Army captain in Afghanistan watched a live link for two hours of her husband slumped over a computer keyboard with a bullet hole in a closet behind him as she tried to summon help for him , she said . The account by Susan Orellana-Clark offers new details about what she saw happen some 7,500 miles away , while raising fresh questions as to how he died and why , according to her , it took two hours for anyone to come to his aid . Orellana-Clark , in a statement released Sunday , recounted the details surrounding the death of her husband , Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark , who died April 30 at Tarin Kowt , about 85 miles  140 kilometers  north of Kandahar . She said the two were chatting on Skype , and there was no sign that he was in any discomfort , "  nor did he indicate any alarm . " "  Then CPT Clark was suddenly knocked forward , " the statement said . "  The closet behind him had a bullet hole in it . " Orellana-Clark said several other people -- one of them a member of the military -- who rushed to her home after she called for help saw the hole in the closet and agreed it was a bullet hole . "  After two hours and many frantic phone calls by Mrs. Clark , two military personnel arrived in the room  in Afghanistan  and appeared to check  Clark 's  pulse , but provided no details about his condition to his wife , " the statement said . Orellana-Clark was releasing details "  to honor my husband and dispel the inaccurate information and supposition promulgated by other parties . " Two U.S. military officials with knowledge of the investigation conducted in Afghanistan confirmed that it took two hours from the time Clark collapsed while on Skype with his wife to when military personnel responded . They explained part of the issue was that the wife 's request was routed through several commands in the United States before it was relayed to Afghanistan . Clark was assigned to the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso , Texas , but deployed with a medical unit from Fort Hood . No wounds were found on Clark 's body , according to one of the officials , who said the death has been determined to be "  non-combat " and suicide has been ruled out as a cause . An official determination of cause of death is pending autopsy and toxicology results , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case is still under investigation . The official could not reconcile Orellana-Clark 's account with the ongoing investigation . Clarence Davis , a spokesman for the Beaumont Army Medical , said Friday that it had not been determined how Clark died . A call to the medical center Sunday was not immediately returned . In addition to his wife , Clark is survived by two daughters . Known by many as Kevin , Clark was a chief nurse in the Army who amassed many honors in his military career , according to his family . Those include an Army Commendation Medal , Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal , Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and an Army Service Medal . The longtime resident of Spencerport , New York , joined the Army in September 2006 and served , among other places , at the Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii , according to a Beaumont Army Medical Center statement . More recently , he was based at that medical facility in southwest Texas and assigned to the Army 's A Company , Troop Command . "  He loved being in the military , " his sister-in-law Mariana Barry told CNN affiliate WHAM in upstate New York . "  He was absolutely willing to make any sacrifice , and it 's just horrible that this is the sacrifice he ended up making . " His commander described Clark , 43 , as "  awesome , " "  professional " and "  a great asset , leader and friend , " the family said . After his death , special operations troops from the United States and Australia lined up to give him his final send-off from Afghanistan . On Thursday , his casket was wrapped in an American flag as it was transported off a military plane onto the tarmac of Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , according to the U.S. Air Force Mortuary Affairs Operation . While no dates have been given , the family said that Clark 's funeral will be in Spencerport and a memorial service will be held in Addison , Michigan . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered all flags at state government buildings be flown at half-staff Monday in Clark 's honor , as he 's done with other troops from the state who have died in combat zones . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark died in Afghanistan while Skyping his wife Susan Orellana-Clark says her husband was "  suddenly knocked forward " She says she spotted a bullet hole in a closet behind her husband A military official says there are no wounds on the body
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- At 33 , Joe Sullivan is serving a life term without the possibility of parole in a Florida prison while confined to a wheelchair . Joe Sullivan , now 33 , was convicted of burglary and rape when he was 13 . He is serving a life sentence without parole . The crime for which he was convicted was brutal : burglary and the rape of a 72-year-old woman in Pensacola . The man 's lawyers say the punishment was equally harsh , particularly for someone with Sullivan 's circumstances . He was 13 at the time , and is one of only two people his age in the world , say his supporters , tried as an adult and sentenced to "  die in prison " for a crime that was n't a homicide . Now the Supreme Court is being asked to decide whether that sentence was cruel and unusual punishment for someone who was barely a teenager at the time of his crime . The justices are scheduled to announce Monday whether they will accept the case for review . If they do , oral arguments would be held in the fall . If the review is rejected , Sullivan would have few legal options remaining to reduce his sentence . His lawyers are also fighting to get him a new trial . Outside a death-penalty context , the high court has offered little recent guidance on how to treat the youngest of underage criminal defendants . The appellate record for rapists under age 15 is almost nonexistent , say legal experts consulted by CNN . Child legal advocates say many states lack adequate resources to handle young inmates given long sentences , including a lack of proper jailhouse counseling . Few studies have been conducted on the psychological effects on young defendants facing life in prison , said the Equal Justice Institute , which is representing Sullivan in the high court case . "  We have created a forgotten population with a lot of needs , " said Bryan Stevenson , Sullivan 's lawyer . The crime happened in 1989 , when Sullivan later admitted he and two friends ransacked a home in West Pensacola . But he denied the prosecutor 's claim he returned with a knife and sexually assaulted the elderly homeowner . An older co-defendant claimed Sullivan was the rapist . According to the trial record , the victim testified the assailant was a youngster with "  kinky hair and he was quite black and he was small . " She could not recognize Sullivan by his facial features , but the defendant was made to repeat at trial what he allegedly told the woman : "  If you ca n't identify me , I may not have to kill you . " The victim testified , "  It 's been six months , it 's hard , but it does sound similar . " After a daylong trial , Escambia County circuit court Judge Nicholas Geeker sentenced Sullivan to life without parole . "  I am going to try to send him away for as long as I can , he is beyond help , " the judge told the boy . "  The juvenile system has been utterly incapable of doing anything with Mr. Sullivan . " Sullivan had a lengthy juvenile record , but continues to deny the attack . At the time , state prosecutor Larry Kaden , who retired last month , said , "  It was a brutal crime and he had an extensive record . This was a bad , bad crime . " The Florida Attorney General 's office told the high court that prosecutors should have the discretion they have long been given to decide how harshly young criminal should be prosecuted . Sexual battery remains a crime punishable by life imprisonment in Florida . A study by the Equal Justice Institute found eight prisoners serving life terms for crimes committed at 13 , all in the United States . Besides Sullivan , Florida inmate Ian Manuel is in a similar situation . He was 13 when convicted of attempted murder and robbery in 1990 and will not get out of prison . The Justice Department reports no 13-year-old has been given life without parole for crime that was n't a homicide in a decade . And while about a thousand people every year under 15 are arrested for rape , none have been given life without parole since Sullivan . Only a handful of states -- including Alaska , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico and Oregon -- prohibit sentencing minors to life without a chance for parole , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Equal Justice Institute says 19 states have laws allowing the possibility of life without parole for those under age 14 . The high court in April 2008 refused to hear the case of a South Carolina boy who was 12 when he murdered his grandparents and was given a 30-year sentence , the maximum allowed under state law . Tried as an adult , Christopher Pittman 's lawyers had argued the sentence was excessive , and that heavy doses of antidepressants the boy was taking at the time sent his mind spinning out off control . While disappointed , Pittman 's attorney Michelle Deitch speculated the justices may "  have recognized the growing national trend against sentencing young children to harsh mandatory terms in prison , and wants to give state legislatures the opportunity to correct this problem before it rules again on the issue . " Sullivan 's attorneys hope the high court is ready to revisit the issue . The Supreme Court in 2005 banned the death penalty for underage killers . The justices in that case cited evolving "  national standards " as a reason to ban such executions . "  When a juvenile commits a heinous crime , the state can exact a forfeiture of some of the most basic liberties , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy at the time . "  But the state can not extinguish his life and his potential to attain a mature understanding of his own humanity . " Sullivan is in deteriorating health from multiple sclerosis and confined to "  close management " for dangerous or trouble-prone inmates , say state corrections officials . His lawyers admit he has had more than a 100 incidents of fighting and threatening inmates and guards , and having contraband and weapons , but say Sullivan is the victim of bullying by other prisoners and is mentally disabled . "  It 's important for the criminal justice system to recognize that inmates like Joe -LSB- Sullivan -RSB- are going to change , biologically , psychologically and emotionally as they grow up in prison , " said Stevenson . "  We should not assume it is a change for the worse . " Sullivan 's appellate team places much of the blame on his original trial attorney , who presented no opening statement and only brief closing remarks . No DNA results were offered and the state destroyed the biological evidence in 1993 . "  It was absolutely outrageous , " said Stevenson . The trial lawyer was later suspended from practicing law . The thrust of their argument before the high court is not that Sullivan is innocent , nor that he seeks his freedom now , just that he deserves to someday make his case before the state parole board .	Convicted for a crime committed at 13 , Joe Sullivan appeals to Supreme Court He is serving life without parole for burglary and the rape of a 72-year-old woman Defense attorneys say punishment for Sullivan , now 33 , was too harsh The Supreme Court is expected to decide Monday if it will hear the case
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A New York hospital worker was suspended for failing to report the gunshot wound of NFL star Plaxico Burress , a hospital spokeswoman told CNN Monday . New York Giants receiver Plaxico Burress arrives at the 17th police precinct in Manhattan on Monday . The spokeswoman , Kathy Robinson , gave no further detail on the New York Presbyterian Hospital employee . "  We can confirm that the individual at New York Presbyterian Hospital , who was responsible for failing to report the incident , has been suspended , " hospital spokeswoman Robinson said . Burress has garnered media attention recently for accidentally shooting himself with a gun he is accused of bringing into a crowded New York night club . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg slammed Burress on Monday , saying it would be an "  outrage " if the Giants receiver is n't prosecuted "  to the fullest extent of the law " after the shooting with a gun that authorities say he owned illegally . Burress , 31 , was arraigned Monday on two counts of criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree . He could face up to 15 years in prison , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said . Alicia Maxey Greene , spokeswoman for the district attorney , said Burress is not expected to enter a plea until a court appearance in March . Burress ' attorney , Benjamin Brafman , said he expects Burress to plead not guilty . Bloomberg , speaking at a news conference , made clear he wants Burress to face jail time . Noting a law that automatically sentences an offender to at least 31/2 years for illegally carrying a loaded handgun , Bloomberg said , "  It 's pretty hard to argue the guy did n't have a gun and it was n't loaded . You 've got bullet holes in and out to show that it was there . " The mayor also lashed out at New York Presbyterian Hospital for failing to inform police about the incident . He called on the state attorney general to "  go after " the hospital for a "  chargeable offense . " The district attorney 's office said the hospital is under investigation . The hospital said it also is investigating the incident and promised to cooperate with authorities . In the incident Friday night , Burress suffered a wound to his right thigh and was treated and released from the hospital , the Giants said in a statement released over the weekend . Sports Illustrated reported that Burress had accidentally shot himself with a gun he was carrying while at Latin Quarter , a sprawling nightclub in Manhattan . Brafman said his client "  understands the seriousness of the situation , and he 's addressing it in a responsible fashion . " Brafman also said Burress is "  physically OK and mentally OK . " He added that he does not know when Burress may be back on the field . Bloomberg , who has long fought against illegal gun ownership , said public figures "  make their living because of their visibility . They are the role models for our kids , and if we do n't prosecute them , to the fullest extent of the law , I do n't know who on Earth we would . It makes a sham , a mockery of the law . " Turning his ire to New York Presbyterian Hospital , which treated Burress , Bloomberg said officials "  did n't do what they 're legally required to do " -- inform the authorities of the incident . "  It 's a misdemeanor . It 's a chargeable offense , and I think that the district attorney should certainly go after the management of this hospital . " He also called on the hospital to fire those whose responsibility it was to alert the authorities . And Bloomberg added , "  I would question why the management did n't have training in place and did n't discipline them immediately . It 's just an outrage . " The hospital later Monday afternoon issued a statement acknowledging that "  not reporting a gunshot wound is a clear violation of our policies and procedures . " "  We take this very seriously , and are conducting a thorough investigation into why this gunshot wound was not reported to the police department in a timely fashion . Appropriate disciplinary action will be taken . We are in full cooperation with the mayor 's office and the police department , " it said . Bloomberg also complained that the Giants "  should have picked up the phone right away as good corporate citizens . I do n't care whether there 's a legal responsibility for them to do it . They are a team that is here in this region . I know they 're in New Jersey , but it 's the New York Giants , and they have a responsibility as a team that depends on the public and wants to be role models to the public . " The mayor said police learned about the incident from a TV report . But team spokeswoman Pat Hanlon , in an e-mail to CNN , wrote , "  We are working closely with the police and NFL security . In the early hours of Saturday morning , as we started to get a sense of what we were dealing with , we did , in fact , notify NFL security , which then contacted the police . " Over the weekend , the Giants issued a statement saying they were "  in contact with Plaxico since shortly after the incident , " and that their primary concern was for his health and well-being . The team said it had contacted NFL security and was working to gather more details . The shooting was the latest bump in a rocky season for Burress , who became a hero of last season 's Super Bowl when he caught the game-winning touchdown pass from quarterback Eli Manning with 35 seconds remaining . He was fined and suspended from the team 's October 5 game for reportedly missing a practice without notifying the team . Later , he was fined $ 45,000 by the NFL after an October 19 game during which he argued with a referee and threw a football into the stands . He injured a hamstring in a game two weeks ago and was not scheduled to play in the Giants ' game on Sunday . CNN 's Laurie Segall , Elianne Friend , Kristen Hammill and Cheryl Robinson contributed .	Plaxico Burress accused of taking gun into a crowded New York night club New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants vigorous prosecution of NFL star Mayor also slams hospital , Giants for their response to the Burress incident Hospital : "  Not reporting a gunshot wound is a clear violation of our policies . "
CNN  -- The dinos are back , and this time they 've got Star-Lord to contend with . OK , not really , but that 's probably what went through a lot of people 's minds watching the newly released trailer for "  Jurassic World . " Universal Pictures scored a coup casting Chris Pratt in a lead role in the four-quel , now that he is hot off the success of "  Guardians of the Galaxy . " Pratt 's character Owen arrives on the scene partway through the trailer , after it 's established that John Hammond 's vision of a theme park with real dinosaurs has finally come to fruition -- thanks to Bryce Dallas Howard 's character , Claire -- with Jurassic World .  Be sure to check out that water show involving what looks to be a basilosaurus leaping out of the water to devour a shark !  . While the movie might not win any awards for scientific accuracy , the trailer has certainly built up a lot of anticipation for its summer 2015 release -- not to mention the fact that we do n't get a good look at that genetically modified dinosaur that terrorizes many in the park . "  Jurassic World " opens June 12 .	Fourth "  Jurassic Park " movie releases a trailer The latest installment stars Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard A genetically modified dinosaur is the big threat here but is n't seen
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles prosecutors are reviewing Justin Bieber 's alleged fight with a photographer last month to decide if the pop star will be charged , a spokeswoman in the prosecutor 's office said Wednesday . The photographer filed a complaint with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department accusing Bieber , 18 , of misdemeanor battery , a sheriff 's spokesman said . He said Bieber attacked him as he was taking photos of Bieber and his girlfriend , Selena Gomez , at a Calabasas , California , shopping center , a sheriff 's spokesman said . Bieber and Gomez , 19 , left the shopping center before law enforcement officers arrived . The photographer complained of pain and was taken to a hospital , where he was treated and released , the sheriff 's spokesman said . Sheriff 's investigators have turned over their findings to prosecutors , Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Jane Robison said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	A photographer says Justin Bieber attacked him at a shopping center Sheriff 's investigators have given their findings to prosecutors The photographer complained of pain and was taken to a hospital last month
CNN  -- U.S. and Cuban officials held migration talks for the first time in more than two years on Wednesday . Some saw the meeting as a sign that long-frigid relations between the two nations are slowly thawing . But others said that the meeting was overshadowed by the Cuban weapons shipment to North Korea uncovered by Panamanian authorities this week . American and Cuban officials met in Washington for the first time since January 2011 to discuss implementing 1994 and 1995 agreements that regulate travel between the United States and Cuba , known as the U.S.-Cuba Migration Accords . "  The U.S. delegation highlighted areas of successful cooperation in migration , including advances in aviation safety and visa processing , while also identifying actions needed to ensure that the goals of the accords are fully met , especially those having to do with safeguarding the lives of intending immigrants , " the State Department said in a statement after Wednesday 's meeting . For its part , Cuba 's delegation said "  the meeting took place in a climate of respect . " But after the meeting , it appeared that key sticking points between the two countries remained unresolved . The State Department said the United States repeated its call for Cuba to release Alan Gross , a State Department contractor who has been jailed in Cuba since 2009 . And the Cuba delegation once again criticized U.S. migration policies toward the island . Under migration accords with Cuba , the United States gives at least 20,000 Cubans a year visas to immigrate to the United States legally . But the United States ' so-called "  wet foot , dry foot " policy means Cubans who reach American soil are not sent back to Cuba , which Cuban authorities say leads to an increase in illegal journeys . In a statement , the Cuba delegation said it "  reiterated its willingness to maintain these exchanges in the future , given their importance to both countries . " But will concerns over Cuba 's weapons shipment that Panama seized from a North Korean boat this week put a stop to such talks ? Cuba has said the 240-metric-ton weapons stash consisted of obsolete equipment it was sending to North Korea for repair . Panama has asked the United Nations to investigate whether the shipment violates the organization 's North Korea weapons bans . In the meantime , several U.S. lawmakers who are critics of Cuba 's government have said the situation is a warning sign that U.S. officials ca n't ignore . "  While we are in these discussions ... what does the Castro regime do ? It is violating international laws . Why are we having these talks ? We should suspend these talks because of this violation , " Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , told CNN en Espa  ol Wednesday . In a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a frequent Cuban government critic , described the weapons shipment as a "  flagrant violation of multiple United Nations Security Council Resolutions . " "  I believe that this revelation , in addition to Cuba 's failure to address its abysmal human rights record , should finally prompt the  Obama  administration to re-calibrate its misguided and naive Cuba policy , " Rubio wrote . "  The administration should immediately reverse its January 2011 decision easing restrictions on people-to-people travel and remittances sent to Cuba ; as well as immediately halt granting visas to Cuban government officials . " But others argued that it would be unwise to cut off talks over the matter . "  I do not think it should affect the conversations , because there is much at play , and things have advanced a lot , and it is a conversation that is beneficial for the United States and beneficial for Cuba , " said Michael Shifter , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue think tank . If anything , the seizure of the North Korean boat shows the importance of more dialogue with countries like Cuba and North Korea , said Antonio Betancourt of the Universal Peace Foundation . "  What creates the problem are the sanctions . This is part of a problem that is going to continue with Cuba and is going to continue with North Korea until ... they negotiate an exit so they can become part of the international community , " he told CNN en Espa  ol . "  When one is forced to live in darkness , the same darkness creates a lack of transparency . " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters Wednesday that the issue of the ship was unlikely to be a topic during the migration meeting . "  I would say that we have told the Cubans that we will discuss with them very soon the ship , " she said , "  but we 're focused on the migration talks , specifically on migration-related issues . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Some say talks are a sign that frigid U.S.-Cuba relations are slowly thawing Others say a seized Cuban weapons shipment to North Korea is a sign talks should end United States calls for Cuba to release a jailed State Department contractor Cuba 's delegation criticizes U.S. migration policies
CNN  -- Admitted killer John Albert Gardner III bowed his head and wept at his sentencing Friday as the parents of his teen victims called him a monster and coward for raping and murdering their daughters . At the end of the hourlong hearing , the convicted sex offender was sentenced by Judge David Danielsen to three consecutive terms of life without parole for murdering Chelsea King and Amber Dubois and attacking a jogger . The case has sparked calls for tougher penalties against sex offenders . Dressed in a green jailhouse jumpsuit , his gaze on the floor , Gardner became emotional as the parents took turns attempting to articulate the agony of their losses before a packed courtroom in San Diego Superior Court . The themes of their statements alternated between celebrations of the teens ' lives and expressions of rage directed at Gardner . "  Look at me , " Kelly King , Chelsea 's mother , tearfully demanded of her daughter 's killer after taking the podium . She paused and waited as a red-faced Gardner slowly lifted his eyes , casting a quick glance at her before shutting them . "  What I feel is so much deeper than I ever dare to express in a public forum . There are things I 'd like to say , but to protect my son and to maintain the dignity of my family , my words will be far too mild to adequately speak the disgusting truth about you , " she said tearfully , trembling as she spoke . "  Chelsea was a sweet , loving and innocent soul who could not have fathomed the wretched piece of evil that ended her beautiful life on that day . " Gardner , 31 , pleaded guilty April 16 to raping and murdering the San Diego-area teens in a deal with prosecutors that spared him the death penalty . He also pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit rape of a jogger who managed to fight him off . CNN does not name survivors of sexual assault . The young woman also addressed Gardner in open court Friday . "  As a runner , I 've always gloried in the peace that comes in the utter solitude of a long run , " said the woman , who was attacked in December 2009 . "  In a single instance , this man took from me the safety and solitude of my own mind . " She said it was important for her to appear in court to represent the slain teens , despite the "  pain and guilt " she feels as a survivor . "  I came here to stand today as a witness for Chelsea and Amber . I came to watch as justice is served for the horrifying acts he has committed , " she said , fighting back tears . "  I come here today for all the women who have ever been victims of violence , to ask with Chelsea and Amber 's voices to remove this man from our world , to make us a little safer by locking him up permanently . King was also running on a trail near the Rancho Bernardo Community Park on February 28 when Gardner attacked her and dragged her to a remote area , according to court documents . He raped and stabbed the 17-year-old and buried her body in a shallow grave . He was arrested three days later , after his DNA was matched to semen found on her clothes . During the emotional hearing , Gardner was called an animal , monster and sociopath . King 's father , Brent , said the most appropriate name for the registered sex offender was "  coward . " "  As I thought about what I would say to you today , I realized that names like ` monster and ` animal ' in a perverse way let you off the hook . You knew what you were doing when you chose to wait for and corner Chelsea , " King said . "  The most fitting name for you is ` coward . ' You are not a man . You are just a weak , pathetic coward who preys on unsuspecting young girls half your size . You are evil not because of some sickness or disease , so do n't blame anything or anyone for your crimes . You intentionally chose evil and now you have to live with that evil festering inside you and eating you up as you rot in a prison cell for the rest of your life . " Dubois , 14 , was last seen alive walking to Escondido High School on February 13 , 2009 . She was considered a missing person for more than a year , until Gardner led authorities to her remains in March -- after his arrest in King 's death -- in exchange for assurances that it would not be used against him in court . Gardner admitted to raping and stabbing Dubois and burying her in a shallow grave in a remote area near Pala , according to court documents . Without the plea deal , San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis said last month , her office did not have enough evidence to charge Gardner in the death of Dubois . After 15 months of wondering about her daughter , Dubois ' mother said knowing her fate brought little closure . To understand her grief , Carrie McGonigle said , you had to know Dubois for the loving and gentle-hearted person known to friends and family -- a bookish animal lover who chose Barnes and Noble over the mall . "  The day she was abducted her backpack was filled with valentines for her friends and joy in her heart because she was carrying a check to adopt a baby lamb for a school project . To appreciate the profound kindness and love that has been stolen from my life , you only need to understand how truly excited she was about the opportunity to nurture another living thing . " In addition to the victim impact statements , the King family also submitted a video of their daughter 's friends describing the vivacious teen 's gift for bringing intense passion to music , athletics and personal relationships . "  The thing I love most about Chelsea was the conviction and passion for everything she did and everyone she loved , " one male friend said . Not long after Gardner 's arrest , King 's parents vowed to push for tougher sentencing guidelines for violent sex offenders and more intensive monitoring of parolees . California 's "  Chelsea 's Law " calls for life imprisonment without the possibility of parole for any forcible sex crime against minors that includes one or more aggravating factors , including the victim 's age or whether the victim was tied , bound or drugged . The bill also would institute more intensive monitoring of parolees and lifelong GPS tracking in some cases . Gardner 's history with the state parole board also led Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to order a review of the system . He was paroled on September 26 , 2005 , after serving five years for two counts of lewd and lascivious acts on a child under 14 and one count of false imprisonment for attacking a 13-year-old neighbor . In September 2007 , he incurred a parole violation when his parole agent found that the college he was living near had a day care center and he was asked to move . When it was determined that he had found compliant housing , he was discharged from parole and removed from GPS monitoring on September 26 , 2008 . Speaking to the court , Dubois ' father lamented that the justice system did not heed the warning of a doctor who recommended that Gardner receive as much prison time as possible before his incarceration in 2000 . " ` The defendant does not suffer from a psychotic disorder . He is simply a bad guy who is inordinately interested in young girls , ' " Dubois said , quoting a report from psychiatrist Matthew Carroll , who evaluated Gardner . "  Again , I can not help to ask on behalf of my family , who is at fault here ? Is it this cold , heartless monster , is it the failures in the law enforcement systems or perhaps it is even us who have not forced and held accountable the people and the organizations who are supposed to protect us from these predators ? " Echoing statements he made at Gardner 's plea hearing , Brent King said his family would have preferred the death penalty , but knew it was an "  empty promise " in California . The father also laid blame on the killer 's mother for not ensuring that he was registered at her address , a condition of his parole , or notifying police of his residency when the girls went missing . "  Your mother , Cathy Osborne , knew what you were capable of and did nothing to protect us from you . She knew who you were after you violently beat and tried to rape that poor 13-year-old girl a decade ago , " he said . "  She harbored you , indulged you and put every child in our community at risk . ... Ms. Osborne , you have Chelsea 's rape and murder and our pain on your soul . " Mary Duval , chief executive officer for the Sex Offender Solutions and Education Network , an advocacy group for registered sex offenders , said anger-induced legislation is not the answer . "  If the current reform efforts focus on punishing and restricting all former sex offenders instead of those who are the most dangerous , the goal of protecting children will once again be foiled due to anger , fear and misinformation ruling the day , " she said . "  The facts of the Chelsea King and Amber DuBois cases should be enough to persuade politicians and the families to look for better answers . "	John Albert Gardner gets three consecutive terms of life without parole , waives appeals Gardner , 31 , took plea deal in April in murders of Chelsea King , Amber Dubois He also pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit rape of a third woman Gardner 's case sparked calls nationwide to toughen sex offender laws
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth celebrates her 82nd birthday Saturday with a parade and military ceremony known as "  Trooping the Color . " Britain 's Queen Elizabeth attends the Derby Festival at Epson Downs horse race course on June 7 . The queen 's birthday is actually April 21 , but she officially celebrates it every year on a Saturday in June when good weather is more likely , according to Buckingham Palace . During the ceremony , which is open to the public , the queen inspects the troops . They then march past the queen , who rides in a carriage back to the palace . The Royal Air Force then conducts a colorful fly-past over Buckingham Palace while the queen and her family watch from the balcony . The queen has attended Trooping the Color every year of her reign except for one -- 1955 , when a national rail strike canceled the event , the palace says . The ceremony gets its name from a tradition where colors of the battalion were carried , or "  trooped , " down the ranks so they could be seen and recognized by the soldiers , Buckingham Palace says .	Queen 's April birthday is celebrated in June to enjoy good weather Parade , military ceremony will mark royal birthday Troop inspection , flyover by Royal Air Force , part of ceremonies
Missoula , Montana  CNN  -- The defense and prosecution agree on this much : Jordan Linn Graham pushed her husband of eight days , and he fell off a cliff to his death in Glacier National Park in Montana . The question for jurors will be whether Graham 's act was murder or a case of self-defense that ended tragically . The two sides set out their opening arguments Monday about what took place as Graham 's trial began in U.S. District Court in Missoula , Montana . Prosecutors said they would show that Graham , 21 , was having serious second thoughts about her marriage before her husband 's death and willfully lied to police after it . But her defense lawyers said that the death plunge was an accident resulting from an argument . Graham initially lied to police , they said , because she was afraid she would n't be allowed to explain what happened on the cliff edge . Her husband , Cody Johnson , disappeared July 7 . Four days later , the FBI says , Graham led friends and relatives to a popular spot in the park , where they found Johnson 's body . The young bride at first maintained that she had simply speculated Johnson , 25 , might have gone there . But an FBI agent said that she changed her story when she was shown a surveillance photo of the couple entering the park together . Did Montana newlywed blindfold husband before pushing him off cliff ? What exactly Graham said next to the FBI will be fiercely contested at the trial . At a pretrial hearing November 15 , Graham testified , "  We went on a little stump part and we were in the middle of an argument and he thought I was going to run away . Cody had grabbed me and I thought he was going to push me down . My first instinct was to get him off . " In a court filing , the defense said Graham pushed Johnson away as she removed his hand from her arm , and her husband tumbled over the cliff . But the criminal complaint against her says that in an FBI interview , "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff . " Her attorney , federal public defender Michael Donahoe , has said the FBI did not record the first hour and 20 minutes of Graham 's interrogation . He accused an FBI agent of then making "  an epic effort " to get Graham to use "  key words " in a recorded session that would support a criminal conviction . A defense motion says that in two subsequent recorded FBI interviews , Graham said she acted in self-defense and that her husband 's fall was an accident . Graham , who had been a part-time nanny , is accused of murder and making false statements . In court on Monday , prosecutors said they would draw on text messages that they say show Graham was unhappy in her marriage and testimony that tracks the formation of her actions to deceive police , including sending herself e-mails from a fake e-mail address . The prosecution 's evidence will "  give you a window into Jordan Graham 's mental state , " said Kris McLean for the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Speaking for the defense , Andrew Nelson portrayed Graham as young , naive and socially inept , somebody whose own family describes her as withdrawn . She wove a web of lies to police to "  run from the reality of the situation -- instinctively , like a frightened rabbit , " Nelson said . Graham was scared that no one would let her explain what happened , he said , because everyone loved Johnson but no one liked her . Nelson said Graham admits a degree of responsibility in her husband 's death , which he described as the result of an "  argument-grab-push-fall . " But she is not guilty of first - or second-degree murder , he said . The first prosecution witnesses in the case testified that Graham seemed unhappy in her marriage to Johnson . The court also heard text messages that Graham sent around the time of Johnson 's death that showed her panic and then her efforts to hide what had happened . Kimberly Martinez , Graham 's best friend and matron of honor at her wedding , said Graham had expressed regret just days after marrying Johnson . "  I should be happy and I 'm just not , " Graham wrote in a July 1 text message to Martinez . In texts on July 5 and 6 , Graham alluded to possible aggression by Johnson , telling Martinez that he had a temper . Graham told Martinez that she would talk to Johnson about her concerns on July 7 , the day of his death . "  If you do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened , " she said in text message . That night , after Johnson had plunged to his death , Graham sent Martinez several panicked texts , saying she was "  freaking out . " Jennifer Toren , a friend of Johnson , testified that Graham had lied to her in text messages the day after Johnson 's death . In one text , Graham asked Toren if she 'd heard from Johnson "  last night or today ? " "  The last thing he said to me was that he was going for a drive with some friends that were visiting , " Graham tells Toren . The case is being prosecuted in federal court before U.S. District Judge Donald W. Molloy because the incident occurred in a national park . Woman pleads not guilty CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Missoula , and David Simpson reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Prosecutors say Jordan Linn Graham was unhappy before her husband 's death NEW : The defense says his death was the result of an "  argument-grab-push-fall " NEW : The court hears text messages that Graham sent around the time of the death Graham has admitted pushing Cody Johnson during an argument in a national park
CNN  -- "  Government should be transparent . Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their Government is doing . ... My Administration will take appropriate action , consistent with law and policy , to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use . " -- President Barack Obama , memo to heads of executive departments and agencies , 2009 "  The basis of our governments being the opinion of the people , the very first object should be to keep that right ; and were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers , or newspapers without a government , I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter . " -- Thomas Jefferson to Lt. Col. Edward Carrington , Continental Army , 1787 Journalists are hardwired to be pro-transparency , pro-leaks and pro-whistleblower . They 're not supposed to cozy up to the powerful ; they 're supposed to confront them . Their job is n't just to comfort the afflicted , but also to afflict the comfortable . And above all , the media have a sacred duty to act as a watchdog against the excesses of government . And if there is one thing that the Obama administration finds itself with an "  excess " of at this point -- a little more than 100 days into its second term -- it 's government excess . This White House has been horrible at transparency . In 2010 , in more than a third of the requests for public records , the Obama administration did n't provide any information . In fact , the administration has released fewer records under the Freedom of Information Act than were released during the George W. Bush administration . And in the case of "  Fast and Furious , " where U.S. law enforcement agents allowed illegal guns into Mexico so they could track them -- and then lost track of them -- we 're no closer to knowing the truth about who was responsible . Attorney General Eric Holder was held in contempt of Congress during a dispute over requested documents and President Obama went so far as to invoke executive privilege to keep from releasing those same documents . The administration knows all about secrecy . Nonetheless , these days , you need a program to keep straight all the scandals of officials in the executive branch secretly doing things they 're not supposed to be doing . The Justice Department is investigating the Internal Revenue Service for unfairly scrutinizing conservative groups thought to be aligned with the tea party . And so who will investigate the Justice Department for spying on The Associated Press ? The IRS should do it . Just to keep things even . Welcome to the Obama administration 's chaotic version of the second-term curse , where the common theme is government officials , either with or without the blessings of higher-ups , abusing their power . The Associated Press revealed this week that the Justice Department , in April and May 2012 , used subpoenas to secretly help itself to two months ' worth of phone records from journalists . Those targeted included at least five reporters , an editor and AP Washington bureau chief Sally Buzbee . The Justice Department was interested in the conversations of anyone who worked on a May 7 , 2012 , story about the CIA thwarting a terrorist plot in Yemen . The administration wanted to know who was leaking information to the AP , so rather than monitor the phone lines of its own employees , it monitored the phone lines of the journalists who might be receiving that information . According to the news agency , 20 different phone lines were tapped , including not just work phones and the AP 's main switchboard , but also the journalists ' home and cell phones . In all , according to the AP , when you count all the people who came in contact with the phones in question , more than 100 journalists could have been affected . Is it cold in here ? I just felt a chill down my spine . It is all part of the government 's aggressive crackdown on leaks to the media . The Obama administration has prosecuted six leak-related cases . That 's more than all previous administrations combined . On Monday , AP President and CEO Gary Pruitt fired off a letter to Holder condemning this "  massive and unprecedented intrusion " into the agency 's reporting . Pruitt wants the Justice Department to return the phone records and destroy any copies . That would the smart thing to do . I 've known Pruitt for more than 20 years , since he was a young publisher of my hometown newspaper in central California , The Fresno Bee . He 's a smart and tough newspaperman who originally came into this business as a media lawyer . He wo n't be intimidated , and he wo n't let this go . When the government counterpunches , Pruitt will hit back even harder . The counterpunching has already begun . On Tuesday , Deputy Attorney General James Cole sent a letter to Pruitt defending the decision to grab the phone records . Cole insisted that the subpoenas were "  drawn as narrowly as possible " and aimed at collecting "  limited subject matter . " Not good enough , said Pruitt in a quick response . Saying that Cole 's letter did not "  adequately address our concerns , " Pruitt questioned how such a sweeping investigation could be called "  narrowly drawn . " My friend is right on the money , and he 's right to raise a ruckus . A line has been crossed here . Every journalist in America ought to be outraged by the hubris of this administration , as should every American who believes -- along with Thomas Jefferson -- that the press has a solemn duty to inform the public as to what government is doing in its name . And it 's hard for the media to keep tabs on the government when the government is busy keeping tabs on the media . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	President Obama told agency heads to make sure government is transparent Ruben Navarrette says administration has n't delivered on that goal He says monitoring of the AP shows a disregard for the proper role of journalists
You have to hand it to Dick Cheney . How many people , knowing what has happened in Iraq over the last 12 years , would dare to write an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal recently containing this line : "  Rarely has a U.S. president been so wrong about so much at the expense of so many " -- and not be talking about George W. Bush ? The man has chutzpah . The op-ed in question was co-written with Cheney 's daughter Liz , former State Department worker and failed Senate candidate . The two are forming a new organization , the Alliance for a Strong America . Of all the former Bush administration officials who have emerged in the last few days to blame the deteriorating situation in Iraq on Barack Obama , one might think Cheney would be among the last . It 's one thing to turn on your TV and hear that Obama is a dangerous weakling from people like Paul Wolfowitz and William Kristol , the ones who told us that war with Iraq would be cheap and easy , then bring a wave of peace and democracy across the Middle East . But Cheney ? Cheney was the war 's chief propagandist , who told the American public more spectacular falsehoods than anyone , including Bush himself . Cheney was the one who told us in 2002 that "  Simply stated , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction . There is no doubt he is amassing them to use against our friends , against our allies , and against us . " He 's the one who tried to convince us that Saddam Hussein might have helped engineer the September 11 attacks , and who said in 2005 that the insurgency in Iraq was "  in its last throes . "  The war went on for 6 1/2 more years . Cheney had a central role in bringing on a war in which 4,500 Americans gave their lives , tens of thousands more were gravely injured , we spent a couple of trillion dollars , and somewhere between 100,000 and 500,000 Iraqis died . Cheney 's opinion appears to be that all that death and expense never really happened  he does n't mention them  , and that everything bad in Iraq can only be Obama 's fault -- because the Bush administration did such a bang-up job there . "  Mr. Obama had only to negotiate an agreement to leave behind some residual American forces , training and intelligence capabilities to help secure the peace , " he writes . "  Instead , he abandoned Iraq and we are watching American defeat snatched from the jaws of victory . " Would "  some residual American forces " have been able to keep a lid on the unending Iraqi civil war that Bush and Cheney so effectively unleashed ? We 'll never really know , but here 's what we do know : The agreement mandating that all American troops leave Iraq by the end of 2011 was signed by one George W. Bush , before Obama took office . As negotiations over our departure proceeded in Obama 's first term , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki -- eager to have the Americans gone so he could consolidate what would turn out to be a corrupt sectarian rule -- refused to grant American troops immunity from prosecution in Iraqi courts . Without that immunity , there was simply no way American forces could remain there . We 've heard many people say Obama "  should have pushed harder , " but nobody says exactly what that 's supposed to mean , or why al-Maliki would have given in , especially considering how he 's acted since . And what does Cheney think we should do now ? He does n't seem to have any idea . The op-ed contains precisely zero recommendations about Iraq . Defeating al Qaeda , it says , "  will require a strategy -- not a fantasy . " But what is that strategy ? "  Sustained difficult military , intelligence and diplomatic efforts " ? Oh , of course -- if only we had known ! At least he 's not alone in his arrogance and befuddlement . None of Obama 's other critics seem to have much of an idea what we should do in Iraq , or Syria , or anywhere else . They 're happy to say that whatever Obama is doing is n't enough , and it is n't strong . But if you ask them to be specific about what different decisions they would make , you 'll be met with hemming and hawing . That 's because there are only bad options for America in Iraq , as is often the case in the Middle East . If you delude yourself into thinking that wars are simple and easy , and all that matters is whether you 're "  strong , " then sometimes things become quite clear . We 'll just invade , we 'll be "  greeted as liberators "  that was Cheney , too  , and everyone will live happily ever after . And when what actually results is not that glorious and easy victory , but a tidal wave of violence and despair , then all you need to do is wait until after you leave office , when you can blame it all on someone else . READ : Opinion -- Ignore neo-cons , the last thing Iraq needs is more war	Paul Waldman : Dick Cheney has some nerve slamming Obama on Iraq -- did he mean Bush ? He says Cheney was Iraq war 's chief propagandist , insisted Hussein had WMDs Waldman : Cheney fails to mention the loss of life , trillions spent in Iraq on his watch Waldman : Where are his recommendations to solve Iraq ? He blames Obama for his mess
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- When Max Adrien first heard that a massive earthquake had leveled Port-au-Prince , Haiti , it hit close to home . His brother lives in Haiti , and thankfully survived the January 12 disaster unharmed . Adrien 's first instinct was to help his home country . "  I said to myself , ' I need to go to Haiti . ' " After speaking to his brother , he realized that he would need a skill that was in immediate demand . Otherwise he would just be in the way of other relief efforts . So he came up with a unique idea . "  I decided to give Haiti what I have , which is teaching , " said Adrien , who is a French professor at Hamline University in St. Paul , Minnesota . "  I do n't think I can give Haiti a better gift . " And that 's how his Haitian Creole class was born . "  I 'm just giving something that has been given to me , " Adrien said , referring to his native language . His class is n't made up of the typical credit-craving college co-ed . That 's mainly because the vast majority of students have long since finished college . The class is free of charge and open to everyone . The roster of students includes local doctors , nurses , physical therapists , social workers , lawyers and ministers . All of them have either been to Haiti or are planning volunteer trips soon . "  They appreciate when you try , " said Donna Richtsmeier , a retired nurse who travels to Haiti to volunteer . "  I just want to learn a few phrases so I can greet them and ask how they are . " Retired educator Ruth Anne Olson has been to Haiti three times in the past four years . She has been working on a collection of personal stories of people living in Haiti . She says knowing more Creole will make conducting her interviews easier . "  I needed to learn something about the language because particularly I found that I could n't have any conversations with women , " Olson said . "  The women either do not speak English or they 're more shy about trying it . " She said it was hard finding someone who spoke the language in Minneapolis , Minnesota , let alone providing a free class . Adrien began teaching in February , and now helps students for one hour every Tuesday . He has about three dozen students . "  It is so gratifying ... to see that there are people out there who want to help , " he said . "  Angels are in the form of people . " Adrien has lived in the United States since he was 20 , but he says his heart remains in his home country . "  Haitians , in a way , capture the essence of the human spirit , " Adrien said , sharing his love for , as he puts it , "  my people . " Even if his students only learn a few simple phrases in Creole , Adrien says it will have a profound impact . "  If they see an American say ` How are you today , how are you feeling , what hurts ? ' ... I know the smile that would put on somebody , " he said . "  The appreciation they would get to see an American not only care enough to be there but care enough to learn the language to speak to me in my own tongue and make me understand that I matter ... I know the joy that would bring to a Haitian 's heart , " he said . "  I do n't think you could give Haitians a better gift . "	Max Adrien , originally from Haiti , wanted to help after the January 12 earthquake Adrien teaches French at Hamline University in St. Paul , Minnesota Now he 's teaching Haitian Creole to volunteers heading to Haiti Adrien says even a few Creole phrases would bring joy to most Haitians
CNN  -- A University of Louisville football player who suffered a broken neck while making a tackle showed no signs of paralysis hours later , team officials said Saturday . Cornerback Anthony Conner suffered the injury during a collision with Rutgers University receiver Mohamed Sanu in the second quarter of Friday night 's game in Louisville , Kentucky . "  Our doctors are still evaluating Anthony Conner 's medical condition this morning  Saturday  and he is still undergoing additional tests , " Louisville head coach Charlie Strong said in a statement . "  As we said yesterday , there is no paralysis and Anthony has feeling throughout his extremities . We appreciate all the thoughts and prayers for Anthony and his family during this difficult time . " Conner is a senior from Houston . A knee injury forced him to miss the 2010 season , according to his official bio . "  Just on the field , he was talking , and squeezing his hand , that was it , " Strong said , according to the team 's website . A cart carried Conner off the field . The athlete 's teammates did not know the severity of the injury until after the game , when the coach told them in the locker room , Strong said . Strong thanked the Rutgers team "  for their display of class and compassion for Anthony during the game last night . The Rutgers football family went through something very similar almost a year ago and they know the severity of the situation . " Last October , Rutgers defensive tackle Eric LeGrand was left paralyzed from his neck down after he made a tackle in a game against Army . LeGrand is back in school , can stand with assistance and is making progress in his bid to walk again , Sports Illustrated writer Jon Wertheim , who spent time with him , recently told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  He is realistic , but optimistic , " Wertheim said of LeGrand . "  He still feels like he 's part of the team . He obviously has n't walked , but made strides and gotten some progress , and he 's just such an outgoing , magnetic guy . "	University of Louisville player breaks neck Anthony Conner has feeling in his extremities He was injured while making a tackle during Friday 's game against Rutgers A Rutgers player was paralyzed last year
CNN  -- Smart policies are essential to America 's "  war on obesity . " The latest idea in that fight is a curious proposal from Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York City . He 's planning to ban the sale of sugary drinks 16 ounces or larger in public venues such as restaurants and movie theaters . Critics are crying that the move is an infringement on personal freedom . But the bigger question is : What 's the rationale behind targeting a single dietary factor in the sea of unhealthy foods and drinks that barrage us every day ? Is it scientifically sound ? A typical 16-ounce soft drink contains about 180 calories , nearly all from sugar . It does n't contain any fat . While Bloomberg 's ban will make it illegal to sell large-sized sugary drinks , it 's perfectly legal to sell plenty of other beverages  milkshakes , anyone ?  and foods  how about some ice cream ?  that pack far more calories per amount served as well as very high levels of fat , sodium or other laboratory-engineered chemicals . Opinion : Bloomberg 's visionary move against obesity And what about the typical meal that goes along with a soft drink ? A fast food meal contains tons of calories and is loaded with ingredients that are known to increase risks for diabetes and cardiovascular diseases . And , it is consumed in a matter of minutes . If Bloomberg 's ban goes into effect , fast food restaurants can easily game his policy by offering a regularly portioned sugary drink that will likely come with free refills . Many academic scientists in the field of obesity prevention support Bloomberg 's efforts . After all , the track record looks good . New York City hit a home run when it banned the use of hydrogenated vegetable oils in restaurants . Granted , scientific evidence have consistently showed that these cooking oils are hazardous to health . Experts have claimed that sugary drinks are a leading cause of obesity . If you make it more difficult for people to consume excessive amounts of these drinks , then should n't we see a drop in obesity ? Overheard on CNN.com : Doughnut lovers ' lament , washed down with a giant soda It seems so simple on the surface , but it 's not . Obesity is the result of an extremely complex interplay of factors , including dietary habits , environment , genes , etc. . One of the best studies available , appearing last year in The New England Journal of Medicine , tells a more complicated picture . The study shows that if you increase drinking sugary beverages by one serving per day , it will lead you to gain an additional pound of body weight over four years . A similar amount of weight would be gained from eating an additional serving of red or processed meat daily for four years . But when it comes to potato chips , there seems to be a stronger relationship with weight gain  1.65 pounds  . And French fries blew away the numbers  3.65 pounds  . Does this look like good scientific evidence for banning the sale of large portions of soft drinks ? Not really . Especially since the floodgates are open for selling enormous sizes of French fries and bacon double cheeseburgers , which seem to have more effect on weight gain . We can argue about whether a change in body weight of a quarter of a pound per year is meaningful and how much faith we can put in these studies of self-reported diet . But there have been no authoritative research showing whether consuming sugary drinks is directly linked to a rise in obesity . So , there is really no way to draw any conclusions about the scientific basis for Bloomberg 's ban . It 's guesswork for all we know . Controversy fizzing over Bloomberg 's soda ban The proposal does represent a baby step into uncharted waters that should be navigated . A policy aimed at changing people 's level of portion size could n't hurt in our national struggle to reduce obesity . If people are going to the drive-through to pick up a fast meal and the large drink they 're getting is no longer as large , then they would be consuming a little bit less sugar than they would otherwise . However , the high profile targeting of a single dietary factor , based on shaky obesity science , may be setting us up for disappointment if there is no measurable public health impact . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark A. Pereira .	Mayor Bloomberg of New York City plans to ban sale of large sugary drinks Mark Pereira : A ban based on shaky science may be setting us up for disappointment Why target a single dietary factor among so many unhealthy foods and drinks , he asks Pereira : Eating French fries seems to have more effect on weight gain
CNN  -- He began his career as a bus driver in Caracas , and then rose through the ranks to become a member of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's inner circle . Now Vice President Nicolas Maduro is the country 's interim leader . Chavez died Tuesday after a long battle with cancer . He had been Venezuela 's president since 1999 . Venezuela will hold elections in 30 days and Maduro is assuming the presidency during the interim period , Foreign Minister Elias Jaua told state-run VTV on Tuesday . U.S. reaction to Chavez 's death : from mourning to celebration Shortly before his last trip to Cuba for cancer surgery , Chavez tapped Maduro as his replacement "  if something were to happen that would incapacitate me " and called for voters to support him . "  My firm opinion , as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable , absolute , total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president , " Chavez said in early December , waving a copy of the Venezuelan Constitution as he spoke . "  I ask this of you from my heart . He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " That televised address marked the first time the Venezuelan president had specified a successor since he announced he had cancer in June 2011 . Maduro , 50 , has long been a high-profile face in Chavez 's administration . Serving as both the country 's vice president and foreign minister , he often was seen in the front row of Chavez 's press conferences and traveled to Cuba many times alongside Chavez as he underwent cancer treatment . U.S. open to ` more constructive relationship ' with Venezuela "  He is without a doubt one of the ministers who is closest to Chavez , " political analyst German Campos told CNN en Espa  ol after Chavez tapped Maduro as vice president in October . As foreign minister , Maduro was the country 's top diplomat as ties grew with Cuba and tensions rose with the United States . In recent years , he has been an outspoken critic of U.S. policies toward Venezuela . When the Treasury Department added four Venezuelan officials to its drug kingpin list in 2011 , Maduro accused the U.S. agency of acting as "  a sort of world police agency " that has falsely named "  decent citizens of our country ... as drug traffickers . " "  A country like that has no moral authority to judge generals and political officials in Venezuela , " he said . "  We reject it and we believe that the drug trafficking mafias are there , in a sick society like the United States . " After security screeners detained him at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2006 , Maduro called the U.S. government "  racist " and "  Nazi " and said the United States does not appreciate Latin American countries . But Maduro does n't always take an extreme tack , said Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts . Hugo Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger "  On the one hand , he has been behind some of the most radical , crazy foreign policy decisions of the Chavez administration . Support for Libya , you name it , all the radical decisions , he has been behind them , " Corrales said . "  But he also has been behind some of the most pragmatic and conciliatory decisions , including the turnaround in relations with Colombia . " That 's a marked contrast with the inflammatory Chavez , who rarely turned to compromise , Corrales said . Before his role representing Venezuela abroad , Maduro honed his political skills at home . He became a union leader while working for the Caracas metro system . After Chavez came to power in 1999 , Maduro helped draft a new constitution . He served as a congressman until 2006 , when he was tapped as foreign minister . As Maduro temporarily assumes the presidency , analysts have said it 's difficult to tell whether anyone else from Chavez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela will have what it takes to win at the polls . They note that Chavez 's political strength was largely fueled by his ability to personally connect with throngs of dedicated followers -- dubbed "  Chavistas " for their devotion to the president . And that personal connection with his supporters is "  what 's held things together in Venezuela , " according to Michael Shifter , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue think tank . Opinion : After Chavez , a power vacuum Polls have indicated that several possible successors from within the party 's ranks have n't generated the same kind of enthusiasm among Chavez 's supporters . A February 2012 poll by the Datanalisis firm showed Maduro with 9.8 % support among militant members of Chavez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela . But that was before Chavez 's remarks supporting Maduro , which were seen as likely to bolster support for the vice president within the government and among fervent Chavistas , Corrales said . "  When popular presidents make an endorsement , that always has an effect , " Corrales said . When he named Maduro as vice president , Chavez noted his extensive experience on "  different battlefronts . " "  The bourgeoisie make fun of Nicolas Maduro because he was a bus driver , " Chavez said , "  and look where he 's going now . " Chavez leaves a revolutionary legacy	Analyst : Maduro was behind radical foreign policy decisions , also compromises Hugo Chavez wanted Maduro to replace him if his health worsened Maduro has been Venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister He started his career as a bus driver and later become a union leader and a politician
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In that strange intersection of economics and politics , there is a new fashion : Trillion is the new billion . One trillion $ 1 bills stacked one on top of the other would reach nearly 68,000 miles into the sky . A billion is a thousand million , and a trillion is a thousand billion . To provide some perspective on just how big a trillion dollars is , think about it like this : A trillion dollars is the number 1 followed by 12 zeroes . Or you can think of it this way : One trillion $ 1 bills stacked one on top of the other would reach nearly 68,000 miles  about 109,400 kilometers  into the sky , or about a third of the way from the Earth to the moon . Some Republicans are hardly over the moon about the growing size of the proposed economic stimulus plan . Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said this week that Americans have become desensitized to just how much money that is . "  To put a trillion dollars in context , if you spend a million dollars every day since Jesus was born , you still would n't have spent a trillion , " McConnell said . CNN checked McConnell 's numbers with noted Temple University math professor and author John Allen Paulos . "  A million dollars a day for 2,000 years is only three-quarters of a trillion dollars . It 's a big number no matter how you slice it , " Paulos said . Here 's another way to look at it . "  A million seconds is about 11 1/2 days . A billion seconds is about 32 years , and a trillion seconds is 32,000 years , " Paulos said . "  People tend to lump them together , perhaps because they rhyme , but if you think of it in terms of a jail sentence , do you want to go to jail for 11 1/2 days or 32 years or maybe 32,000 years ? So , they 're vastly different , and people generally do n't really have a real visceral grasp of the differences among them . " Everyone is tossing around the words million , billion and trillion . With the national debt now topping $ 10 trillion , following a $ 700 billion bank rescue and proposed $ 800 billion-plus stimulus package , have we become numb to the numbers ? How much is a trillion ? " " ` Number ' itself can be parsed ` number ' or ` numb-er . ' And maybe in this case , the latter is a better pronunciation , " Paulos said . "  I think to some extent , we have ... evolved in a context where such big numbers were completely foreign . " Perhaps a better way to get a "  grasp of the numbers , " Paulos said , is to use them to describe the budgets of government programs . "  The -LSB- Environmental Protection Agency 's -RSB- , for example , annual budget is about $ 7.5 billion . So , a trillion dollars would fund the EPA in present dollars for 130 years -- more than a century . Or the National Science Foundation or National Cancer Institute have budgets of $ 5 -LSB- billion -RSB- or $ 6 billion . You could fund those for almost 200 years , " he said . Times have certainly changed . Back in 1993 , President Bill Clinton wanted a $ 30 billion jobs and investment package . He did n't get it . Just last year , President George W. Bush signed an emergency economic stimulus of $ 168 billion -- a tally that seems paltry compared with the amount requested today . The economic problem , many say , demands huge spending . Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker has called it "  the mother of all crises . " The numbers are big , but so is the United States economy . The gross domestic product , which measures the total value of goods and services produced in a country , is about $ 14 trillion . Still , many wonder if we can afford it . "  So we do have a big economy that may not be as vibrant as it was , but it is still a powerful economic engine . Knock on wood , we 'll see what happens , " said Paulos . Last week , the House passed an $ 819 billion emergency stimulus , and the Senate version is approaching $ 900 billion . In the end , whatever lawmakers hash out probably wo n't reach $ 1 trillion . But consider this : If all of the financial market interventions , loans , guarantees , bailouts and rescues are approved , they will total more than $ 7 trillion .	One billion is equal to 1,000 million ; One trillion is equal to 1,000 billion One trillion stacked dollars would reach nearly 60,000 miles , one-third way to moon Professor : You could n't spend $ 1 trillion if you spent $ 1M a day since Jesus ' birth All financial market interventions , loans , bailouts total more than $ 7 trillion
CNN  -- Judges at the International Criminal Court ruled Wednesday that Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir may be charged with genocide for his role in a five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan 's Darfur region . Al-Bashir , who remains in office , has already been charged with war crimes and crimes against humanity . Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo had the genocide charge on his original arrest warrant for al-Bashir , but the pre-trial judges left off the charge when they approved the warrant last March . Moreno-Ocampo appealed in July , saying that the judges ' standard for adding the genocide charge was too high . The appellate court agreed with Moreno-Ocampo and ruled in his favor Wednesday . The appeals judges said the pre-trial chamber had applied an "  erroneous standard of proof " to the genocide charge . The judges said they were not ruling on whether al-Bashir should be charged with genocide -- only whether the charge could be added to the arrest warrant . They said it will be up to the pre-trial chamber to determine whether to add the charge to the warrant , which could take several weeks . The International Criminal Court at The Hague , Netherlands , is a permanent , treaty-based tribunal dealing with the most serious crimes against humanity . It is an independent court that is not part of the United Nations . It is funded primarily by nations , but also receives contributions from governments , corporations and individuals . Even if genocide is added to the arrest warrant , Moreno-Ocampo still faces a challenge in proving the charges at trial , said Mark Ellis , the executive director of the International Bar Association . "  Genocide is a much more complicated legal position to meet  than war crimes and crimes against humanity  , because you have to show in proving genocide that there was a specific intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a group based on -- in this case -- ethnicity or race , " Ellis told CNN in July . "  Obviously , the prosecutor believes he would be able to prove this intent and so he wants the opportunity to prove that in trial . " The warrant for al-Bashir was the first ever issued by the ICC for a sitting head of state . It currently includes five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape . It also includes two charges of war crimes for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . Al-Bashir has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued , even though any country that is party to the ICC has an obligation to hand him over to The Hague , the court says . He openly attended the African Union conference in Ethiopia , which ended this week . Ethiopia is not party to the ICC . Al-Bashir is the front-runner in an election scheduled to take place in April , and a genocide charge is unlikely to harm his prospects . A genocide charge could further isolate Sudan , but it could also mobilize African nations around Sudan . Leaders from several African countries have said the ICC has been unfair to Africa , and they have threatened to pull out of the court . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have been forced from their homes . Sudan denies that the death toll is that high . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	ICC judges rule Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir can be charged with genocide Charges would relate to his role in a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur Bashir already facing charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity
CNN  -- Interpol said Thursday it issued a "  red notice " for Samantha Lewthwaite , the so-called "  White Widow , " at the request of Kenyan authorities , but the international police agency added that the notice dealt with a 2011 incident . Reports that a white woman was among the terrorists who stormed a mall in Nairobi last weekend have prompted a slew of media speculation about Lewthwaite , a British woman whose husband was one of the suicide bombers in the 2005 London terror attacks . Known as the "  White Widow , " Lewthwaite , 29 , has been wanted by international counterterrorism officials since authorities found bomb-making materials in her Mombasa , Kenya , apartment in 2011 . She vanished shortly before a raid . The red notice is for charges related to the explosives , not the Westgate Mall attack , Interpol said . Red notices issued by Interpol alert law enforcement around the world that a person is wanted , but they are not international arrest warrants . "  By requesting an Interpol Red Notice , Kenya has activated a global ` tripwire ' for this fugitive , " said Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble . "  Through the Interpol Red Notice , Kenyan authorities have ensured that all 190 member countries are aware of the danger posed by this woman , not just across the region but also worldwide , " he said . Witnesses said they saw a female militant inside the mall during the attack . And a senior Kenyan official confirmed Tuesday that a woman was involved . Yet another official said Wednesday that authorities ca n't say much about who the woman was or what she was doing . Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed the Westgate mall Saturday . At least 67 people were killed and as many as 63 people are still unaccounted for .	NEW : Witnesses say a woman was among the Kenya mall attackers Interpol asks for help finding Samantha Lewthwaite , dubbed the "  White Widow " Interpol says the notice relates to 2011 explosives charges Witnesses say they saw an unidentified woman among the Nairobi attackers
CNN  -- The early Friday release of "  The Dark Knight Rises " was one of the most eagerly anticipated movie events of the summer . On Thursday , movie ticket seller Fandango reported that the last installment in the Christopher Nolan-directed Batman trilogy was "  outpacing summer blockbuster ` The Avengers ' in ticket sales at the same point in the sales cycle . " "  The final chapter of Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy has sold out on Fandango more than 2,000 showtimes nationwide and it 's currently on track to become one of Fandango 's top-selling movies of all time , " the ticket seller reported . An attack by an armed gunman in Aurora , Colorado , at a midnight screening of "  The Dark Knight Rises " was met with shock and grief throughout the country , and cast a shadow over what for fans was set to be a blockbuster weekend . Gunman kills 12 in Colorado movie theater Experts said it 's difficult to determine what , if any , effect the tragedy may have on either ticket sales or fan turnout in the days and weeks to come . "  For somebody to go into a movie theater , a place of fun and escapism , and bring that kind of violence into that world is shocking and tragic , " said Paul Dergarabedian , president of the box office division of Hollywood.com . "  How this will affect the movie , I just do n't know . " Shooting turns movie into surreal horror According to Exhibitor Relations , the film did brisk business for its midnight screenings , raking in $ 30.6 million . Many fans had pre-purchased tickets for screenings across the country . Dergarabedian said the current focus has been rightfully on those injured and killed because of the violence . Beyond that it is up to Warner Bros. , the studio that released the film , to decide how to proceed with marketing in the wake of the tragedy , he said . Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media Warner Bros. , which is owned by the parent company of CNN , has been heavily marketing the action film that includes scenes featuring lots of gunplay and violence . A full-page newspaper ad heralding the opening weekend contains a pull quote from Marlow Stern , assistant culture editor of Newsweek , which says , "  A monumental conclusion to the epic trilogy . Audiences will be blown away . " Warner Bros. pulled the trailer for the film "  Gangster Squad , " which had been running before showings of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " That film trailer features scenes of men armed with machine guns attacking a movie theater . A representative for the company told CNN that Warner Bros. did not plan to cancel any screenings . Thelma Adams , contributing editor for Yahoo Movies , said the tragedy poses a conundrum for the studio . "  I know people at Warner Bros. who were called and woken up this morning who now have a huge problem on their hands , " she said . "  I think in the long run , a lot of the money is made globally with a movie like this and that will not have an impact . " Theater offers ` perfect killing ' zone , expert says Adams continued , "  Also it 's not just an opening weekend movie . There  are  no other movies kind of in competition this weekend as a lot of other movies stepped off this weekend and next weekend . Yes , there will be some impact of the revenue stream , but it 's not going to really hurt . " Warner Bros. canceled the film 's planned premiere in Paris on Friday and released the following statement : "  Warner Bros. and the filmmakers are deeply saddened to learn about this shocking incident . We extend our sincere sympathies to the families and loved ones of the victims at this tragic time . " An official with Paris police told CNN there was a police presence outside the Bristol Hotel , where cast members of "  The Dark Knight Rises " were staying before the premiere , to "  protect all those who could be threatened . " Actor Gary Oldman , who portrays Commissioner Jim Gordon in the film , said in a statement , "  My prayers and deepest sympathies are with the victims and their families of this horrific act . " Scott Beggs , managing editor of the website Film School Rejects , said the film franchise has been popular because "  at the heart of  the film  is a central heroic figure that gives hope to people . " In Aurora , the agonized seek answers Beggs pointed out that the death of actor Heath Ledger from a toxic combination of prescription drugs in 2008 cast a bit of a pall over "  The Dark Knight , " but did not taint the legacy of what went on to become a critically acclaimed film . Ledger was posthumously awarded an Academy Award for best supporting actor for his role as The Joker in that movie . "  That second film  was touched by tragedy , but I believe the art ended up speaking for itself , " Beggs said . "  The shootings in Colorado  were a tragic event that took place , which hopefully will not stop us from living our lives . " Are you there ? Share your story on CNN iReport and post tributes to the victims .	"  The Dark Knight Rises " was one of the most eagerly awaited summer blockbusters Experts say it 's too soon to tell if Friday 's attack will keep fans away Studio pulls trailer showing men attacking movie theater with machine guns
Bangkok  CNN  -- Border skirmishes between Thailand and Cambodia over a temple have grown quiet , a Thai military official said Wednesday . "  There has been no gun firing for two days now , the last firing was on Monday , " said Col. Shingark Rattanakitti . "  The situation in general here is calm , but we are all on high alert . " The development came as the chairman of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations pushed for talks between the two nations to end the deadly clashes . The issue "  can only be addressed bilaterally , " Marty M. Natalegawa , who is also the Indonesian foreign minister , said Tuesday . He added that he has the impression , after visiting Phnom Penh and Bangkok , that there is an overwhelming commitment on both sides to "  address their issues through peaceful means , through dialogues and negotiations . " The United Nations Security Council will hold a meeting on Monday to discuss the tensions between Thailand and Cambodia . Diplomats from both countries will be given a chance to address the council . The meeting comes after a request from Cambodia for the council to hold an emergency session . The border skirmishes , which started Friday , have killed five people , including members of the military and civilians , a statement from ASEAN said , adding that each nation accuses the other of firing first . Thailand 's official news agency , MCOT , reported Tuesday , "  Since the fighting erupted Friday , one Thai soldier was killed , 25 were wounded and one civilian died in the clashes . " The report added that Cambodia on Tuesday "  handed over a Thai soldier captured during the cross border clash . " Cambodia 's official news agency , AKP , reported Tuesday that "  Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Akka Moha Sena Padei Techo Hun Sen has sought the United Nations ' intervention in arranging a buffer zone " at the border area and wants to make sure the fighting does not expand to other parts of the border . The U.N. Security Council on Monday expressed "  grave concern at aggravation of tensions between Cambodia and Thailand " and said it was willing to hold an emergency meeting requested by Cambodia , but first wanted to wait for regional mediation efforts by the Indonesian foreign minister . An official Thai report said the two sides had agreed to a ceasefire on Saturday , but skirmishes continued afterward . The clashes stem from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . The building sits on a cliff in Cambodian territory , but the most accessible entrance to the site is on the Thai side . In a letter to the United Nations over the weekend , Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said that in addition to the human toll the fighting was taking , the temple had suffered damage . Conflict over the Preah Vihear site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says the 1.8-square mile  4.7-square kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th century during the French occupation of Cambodia . In July 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site , meaning the U.N. believes the place has outstanding universal value . CNN 's Whitney Hurst contributed to this report .	ASEAN official believes there is overwhelming commitment for a peaceful resolution Cambodia handed over a captured Thai soldier on Tuesday ASEAN says 5 people have been killed in the clashes There have long been sporadic clashes over the Preah Vihear temple
CNN  -- For now , Alireza M. is a lucky man . But , like life itself , that may not last . Convicted by an Iranian court of possessing a kilogram of crystal meth , the 37-year-old man was sentenced to death by hanging at Bojnurd Prison in northeastern Iran , according to Jam-E-Jam , an official newspaper that offered this wince-inducing account : On the morning of October 9 , Alireza M. was taken from his cell to the gallows , where the judge who had issued the order read his sentence aloud and official papers were signed . Then , a rope was placed around his neck and he was hanged for 12 minutes , after which his body was lowered and a doctor declared he was dead . The doctor , the judge and the prison head then signed the death certificate , and the body of Alireza M. was taken to a morgue for delivery the following day to his relatives . But the next day , a worker at the morgue noticed that plastic encasing one of the bodies had steam in front of the mouth . The worker told the doctors at the morgue , who took Alireza M. to Imam Ali hospital in the town of Bojnurd , where he was reported to be feeling better . Alireza M. 's family told the newspaper they had been preparing to pick up the body when they heard that he was still alive , that his daughters had rejoiced and that they were hoping for a reprieve . But the judge who issued the sentence , Mohammad Erfan , was unmoved . "  The sentence is approved and the sentence is death , so we will follow through with the execution order again , " he said . A legal expert cited in the article said a law that mandates the death sentence for anyone possessing more than 30 grams of any illegal drug was passed three years ago . In a statement issued Wednesday , Amnesty International called for a reprieve . "  The horrific prospect of this man facing a second hanging , after having gone through the whole ordeal already once , merely underlines the cruelty and inhumanity of the death penalty , " said Philip Luther , director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa Program . "  The Iranian authorities must immediately halt Alireza M 's execution and issue a moratorium on all others . " This year , Iran is thought to have executed at least 508 people , most of them convicted of drug offenses , the group said . "  Carrying out a second execution on a man who somehow managed to survive 12 minutes of hanging -- who was certified as dead and whose body was about to be turned over to his family -- is simply ghastly . It betrays a basic lack of humanity that sadly underpins much of Iran 's justice system , " said Luther . The organization Human Rights Watch opposes execution as an inherently cruel and unusual form of punishment that violates fundamental human rights , said Faraz Sanei , a researcher in the organization 's Middle East and North Africa Division . He said the group is particularly opposed to execution of alleged drug offenders because cases like Alireza M 's are tried in revolutionary courts , which tend to include violations of due process , In addition , the group considers hangings to constitute torture , he said . Iran 's interpretation of Sharia law allows for individuals to be spared from a second execution attempt in certain circumstances , like stoning in cases of adultery that fails to result in death . Human rights groups estimate that the Iranian authorities currently hold at least 10 women and men who face possible execution by stoning on adultery charges . At least 70 people have been executed by stoning in Iran since 1980 . The last known execution by stoning was in 2009 , Sanei said . But Iranian judiciary officials say there is apparently nothing in law that would prevent Alireza M. from being executed again . Others have a different interpretation . According to the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency , Ayatollah Saafi Golpayegani said Saturday -- a high-ranking cleric who was being pressed on his position -- said , "  If a person is executed for drug smuggling and returns to life , his second execution is not allowed . " According to the U.N. 's 2010 Drug Report , a massive increase in seizures of high-purity crystalline methamphetamine from Iran began in 2008 . That same year , for the first time , the country seized four clandestine meth labs . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Hanged for 12 minutes , Alireza M. is declared dead Official papers are signed , and the body goes to a morgue But steamed plastic reveals that he is alive The judge is unmoved
CNN  -- Identifying the moment when a political regime begins to decompose is as difficult as dating the onset of a recession . But in histories of the decline of the order built by Vladimir Putin in Russia , last Sunday 's parliamentary election is bound to feature prominently . Despite a campaign marred by what international observers described as "  procedural violations , " "  apparent manipulations , " and "  serious indications of ballot-box stuffing , " the governing United Russia party failed to prevent a sharp drop in its vote total . Official results gave it just short of 50 % , down from 64 percent four years ago . Almost as striking was the surge in backing for three opposition parties that until recently had seemed on their last legs . The Communists won 20 % , followed by the social democratic Just Russia party with 13 percent and Vladimir Zhirinovsky 's ultra-nationalist Liberal Democrats with 12 percent . Russian protesters , opposition leader arrested Putin 's regime is unlikely to collapse anytime soon . In many countries , leaders would be delighted to control 53 % of the legislature 's seats -- the share United Russia will receive after parties that failed to reach the 7 % threshold are eliminated . But the election makes it official : The downward slide has begun . All previous ballots saw United Russia increase its vote . The party held 70 % of the seats in the last Duma , enough to change the constitution at will . Those days are gone . Speaking as results came in , a chastened President Dmitri Medvedev even uttered the dreaded word "  coalition . " Personally , Putin still enjoys the approval of 67 % of Russians . But his ratings , too , have been slipping . His peak -- 87 % approval -- came , oddly enough , in December 2007 , the month of the last parliamentary ballot . His negatives are also rising , with one-third of Russians now disapproving of his performance and 53 % faulting that of the government he leads . Some members of the disaffected third were evidently among the sports fans at a martial arts fight last month who booed and jeered after Putin stepped into the ring to congratulate the winner . For Putin , himself a judo black belt , it was an unprecedented humiliation . The souring mood has two main causes . First , the regime 's popularity has always rested on the buoyant economy of the oil boom years . From 2000 to 2008 , Russians ' real disposable income rose by more than 10 % a year on average . The global financial crisis put an end to that . Last year , massive government spending on pensions and public-sector wages boosted incomes by a little more than 4 % . But so far this year , disposable income has fallen . Putin 's appeal has also been eroded by the relentless accumulation of aggravations : bribe-grubbing traffic police , officials who can not put out forest fires or prevent terrorist attacks , a deranged cop who shoots customers in a Moscow supermarket , and the violence of Chechnya , now spreading across the North Caucasus . These and dozens of similar irritations are heightened by the tin-eared self-congratulation of official pronouncements . Putin 's victory in next March 's presidential election remains all but assured . But the last two times he ran , in 2000 and 2004 , three months before the vote his ratings were respectively 79 and 81 % , far above their current level . This may be the hardest fight he has faced . Whatever else they reveal , Sunday 's results undercut the image , common in the West , of Putin 's regime as an effective authoritarian state . In fact , it is a regime that can not even steal an election decisively . A massive effort , involving shameless pressures on voters and manipulation of the rules , apparently only managed to improve United Russia 's total by a few percentage points . Two exit polls put the party 's vote at 46 % and 49 % . The respected Levada Center , no stooge of the Kremlin , forecast a result of 51 % , which was higher than the officially announced total . Rather than a classic authoritarian government , Putin 's is a peculiar hybrid that has combined genuine popularity with counterproductive attempts to over-manage and eliminate all potential threats . Continually centralizing power , the Kremlin has progressively lost control . Barring a return to rapid growth , it is not clear how Putin and Medvedev can reverse the slide . They will hear conflicting arguments . Some will urge them to reach out to the middle class with a new package of liberal reforms . Yet , unless they suddenly become willing to genuinely share power , this probably will not buy them much support . Four years of Medvedev 's tweets about modernization and rule of law have inoculated the elites against empty Kremlin promises . At the same time , the elections hardly revealed a hunger for liberal economics or even Western-style democracy . The Yabloko party , made up of unimpeachable democrats and civic activists , won just 3 % of the votes . Another option is to woo the masses with additional bursts of populist spending , at least until the presidential vote is over . Yet with the budget already swelled by anti-crisis measures , such a strategy is dangerous . The long-serving finance minister , Alexei Kudrin , was fired last September after publicly criticizing Medvedev 's plans to increase military expenditures . A third possibility is for Putin to trade in his soft authoritarianism for a tougher , more effective model . Yet , even if he wanted to do this , it is doubtful that he has the kind of skilled and ruthless apparatus that could make it work . It is hard to think of extremely repressive regimes that have succeeded in societies as economically developed , highly educated , and rich in communications technology as Russia 's is today . Paradoxical as it might sound , authoritarianism in relatively modern countries relies on a significant degree of consent . That leaves the most likely outcome a continuing downward slide , perhaps temporarily slowed by improved economic performance or accelerated by striking government failures and scandals . The turbulence is just beginning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Treisman .	Daniel Treisman : Russian elections may mark beginning of Putin 's regime decline Putin 's in power , he writes , but even ballot stuffing failed to stop the slide Treisman : Decline tied to worsening economy , dysfunctional police , Chechnya Putin must share power or soften his image , he says . Repression wo n't work
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A meeting between the leaders of Pakistan and Afghanistan was canceled Friday when bad weather prevented Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari from traveling to the Afghan capital , Kabul . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari  pictured  has met Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai before . An official in Pakistan 's Foreign Office said the meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and top government officials will be rescheduled for the near future . The visit was to have taken place amid ongoing warfare and tension along the Afghan-Pakistan border and was to have focused on the nations cooperating in the fight against terror . Some of the Taliban militants conducting attacks in Afghanistan have been based in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province and nearby tribal regions . The group 's resurgence has prompted U.S. commanders and the incoming Barack Obama administration to put more of a focus on confronting militants along the volatile border . In the past , Afghan and Pakistani leaders have blamed the other for the security problems in the region . Zardari was to have been accompanied on the trip by the governor of North West Frontier Province , as well as his foreign minister and adviser on internal affairs . The two presidents also planned to discuss the expansion of bilateral relations and trade . Both men have met before , when Karzai visited Pakistan in September to attend Zardari 's swearing-in ceremony .	Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari due to meet Afghan President Hamid Karzai Visit to have taken place amid ongoing tension along Afghan-Pakistan border Taliban militants attacking Afghanistan from Pakistan 's North West Province Both countries have previously blamed each other for the security problems
CNN  -- Actor Bruce Willis married model-actress Emma Heming over the weekend in the Turks and Caicos Islands , the actor 's publicists announced . It is the second marriage for actor Bruce Willis , 54 , and the first for model-actress Emma Heming , 30 . A small , private ceremony was held at the actor 's home in the islands in the West Indies on Saturday , according to publicists Rogers and Cowan . It is the second marriage for Willis , 54 , and the first for Heming , 30 . The couple met through friends and have been together for more than a year , the publicists said . At the wedding were Willis ' daughters , Rumer , 20 ; Scout , 17 ; and Tallulah Belle , 14 . Their mother and Willis ' first wife , actress Demi Moore and her husband , actor Ashton Kutcher , also attended the ceremony . Willis and Heming will have a civil ceremony when they return to California , the publicists said .	A small , private ceremony was held at the actor 's home in the West Indies Willis and Heming will have a civil ceremony when they return to California Willis ' first wife , Demi Moore and her husband , Ashton Kutcher , attended the wedding
CNN  -- Utah law enforcement officers mourned one of their own Thursday after a shooting left one officer dead and five others wounded . The Wednesday night incident took place when they were attempting to serve a search warrant . The six officers and the suspect were rushed to hospitals , Ogden Assistant Police Chief Marcy Korgenski said . Officer Jared Francom died from his wounds , Ogden police said early Thursday . "  Agent Francom has served the citizens of Ogden city with honor for seven years , " authorities said in a statement . Francom is survived by his wife and two young children , the statement said . His widow , Erin , told CNN affiliate KUTV the officer "  loved his job more than anything . He loved his family . He was a good husband . " The suspect , identified as Matthew David Stewart , 37 , suffered injuries not considered to be life-threatening , authorities said . Stewart 's father , Michael , said the family was sorry for what happened , reported affiliate KTVX . "  He is a decorated Gulf War veteran from the first Gulf War , " Michael Stewart said of his estranged son . "  I did n't know what he did over there . I know he 's had some mental issues . " The wounded officers were identified as Sgt. Nate Hutchinson with the Weber County Sheriff 's Office ; and Jason Vanderwarf , Shawn Grogan , Kasey Burrell and Michael Rounkles . CNN affiliate KSL said Vanderwarf is with the Roy police and Grogan , Burrell and Rounkles are Ogden officers . Ogden Regional Medical Center said Thursday that Vanderwarf was treated and released . The four other officers remained in Ogden 's McKay-Dee Hospital , spokesman Chris Dallin said . Three were in critical condition , and one was in stable condition , Dallin said . Several officials fought tears as they discussed the incident at a news conference "  This is a family . This is a law enforcement family , " Ogden Police Chief Wayne Tarwater said . "  The law enforcement community is mourning . " "  We have lost a brother , " Weber County Sheriff Terry Thompson said . "  We will grieve this loss " with the knowledge that Francom gave his life for his fellow officers and the community , he said . The officers , part of a multi-agency narcotics task force , were attempting to serve a search warrant "  based on probable cause there was drug activity " at an address in Ogden , Tarwater said . He would not elaborate . Stewart 's father told KUTV his son is not a drug dealer . The warrant was a "  knock-and-announce , " meaning that officers knock on a residence 's door and announce their presence , he said . If no one answers , "  under certain circumstances , they will go ahead and enter the home . That 's exactly what happened . " When they entered the home , the officers came under fire , he said . The task force requires officers to wear bulletproof vests , he said , and "  as far as I know , the officers were wearing vests and protective gear . " Stewart has a "  limited criminal history , " Tarwater said . He did not have specifics but said he believed Stewart 's record was mostly misdemeanors . Asked about reports that as many as 12 officers were sent to Stewart 's home , strike force commander Lt. Darin Parke told reporters that number is not unusual . There was "  not really a great deal that set this investigation apart ... other than the outcome , " he said . The shooting will be subject to an internal investigation as well as an external review by the Weber County attorney , he said . Citing those investigations , police limited the release of information . Tarwater thanked the state of Utah , particularly police agencies , for their support . He said that at one point , at an Ogden hospital Wednesday night , there were "  40 officers from probably seven different agencies . " Gov. Gary Herbert met with families of the officers and said funds were set up for their future needs . "  Our hearts go out to them , " he told reporters at one of the hospitals . Herbert ordered that state and U.S. flags be lowered in the city of Ogden to honor the officers , Ogden Mayor Mike Caldwell said . Thursday was Caldwell 's first day on the job . Ogden is about 40 miles north of Salt Lake City in northern Utah . Clayton Payne , a resident of the neighborhood where the shootings took place , told KSL , "  I was sitting in the front room watching TV , heard three pops . My fiance asked if they were fireworks . I said , ` No , those are gunshots . ' " He said he ran outside after hearing what sounded like an AK-47 . "  I ran out here to see what was going on , and I was escorted back to my house by the cops , " he said . "  They said , ` Get in your house . Get down . ' " The shootings follow a year in which U.S. cities saw an increase in officers killed . The number of officers who died in the line of duty in 2011 increased 16 % nationwide from last year , according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund . Last year , 177 officers were killed , compared with 153 in 2010 , the organization said . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham , Lateef Mungin , Scott Thompson and Samuel Gardner III contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect is veteran of first Gulf War , had "  mental issues , " father says The suspect is identified as Matthew Stewart , 37 "  We have lost a brother , " the Weber County sheriff says 5 other officers were wounded ; the suspect was also shot
CNN  -- Neil Kookoothe watched quietly as the state of Ohio killed James Filiaggi . Kookoothe , a witness during Filiaggi 's 2007 execution , saw the condemned man 's face turn beet red as lethal fluid ran through his veins . Beads of sweat glistened on his forehead . Strapped to a table , his chest and stomach heaved three or four times , Kookoothe recalled . Then , at age 41 , Filiaggi was gone . "  It 's surreal when you know that the state is killing him , " said Kookoothe , a Roman Catholic priest who counseled Filiaggi in the months before he was executed for killing his ex-wife . "  Jimmy was ready to die . " Over the past 18 years , Kookoothe has witnessed executions of two inmates he counseled on Ohio 's death row . He has become a student of state-sanctioned death . The death penalty is entering a crucial period of national scrutiny , Kookoothe said , which may shape its future . "  It 's a critical moment , " he said . Although the number of U.S. death row inmates stands at about 3,100 , executions dipped nearly 10 % last year , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . In the past six years , six states have ended capital punishment , according to the center . The tide of opposition to the death penalty has been rising in the United States for two decades , according to Gallup . Polls show the percentage of respondents opposed to it has more than doubled from 16 % in 1994 to 35 % in October . Kookoothe views capital punishment through a unique lens . He 's seen it up close as a priest , but he also has the perspective of a nurse and attorney . After graduating with a communications degree in the early 1980s , Kookoothe felt drawn to the priesthood . Instead , he ended up at nursing school , later working as a licensed nurse at a Toledo , Ohio , hospital intensive care unit . "  You saw traumas , gunshot wounds and stabbings , " he said . While nursing during the day , he put himself through law school , eventually moving on to work briefly as an attorney in Indiana . But the priesthood kept calling . "  It was always in the back of my mind , " he said . He eventually settled on a life in the church , graduating from seminary school . The three disciplines served Kookoothe well in the remarkable case of death row inmate Joe D'Ambrosio . In 1988 , D'Ambrosio , an Army veteran , was arrested in the stabbing death of 19-year-old Anthony Klann . He was charged with felony murder . A co-defendant in the case , Eddie Espinoza , agreed to be the prosecution 's star witness . According to court documents , Espinoza testified that he , D'Ambrosio and a man named Thomas Michael Keenan , had forced Klann into their truck and demanded that he help them find a mutual acquaintance named Paul "  Stoney " Lewis , who had allegedly stolen drugs from them . Espinoza testified that , when they could n't find Lewis , Keenan slit Klann 's throat and D'Ambrosio then stabbed him to death in a Cleveland creek . Read Espinoza 's police statement D'Ambrosio , Kookoothe said , had no previous criminal record . He had neither an alibi nor motive . He told Kookoothe he was home alone sleeping at the time of Klann 's killing . A three-judge panel convicted D'Ambrosio and sentenced him to death . As D'Ambrosio languished on death row during the appeal process , Kookoothe agreed to look at his case . The priest saw a red flag , informed by his medical training . He was stunned to learn that Klann 's knife wounds were inconsistent with Espinoza 's story that Klann screamed after his throat was cut . "  If this is wrong , what else might be wrong ? " Kookoothe thought at the time . Read Klann 's autopsy report Kookoothe got a local newspaper reporter , Martin Kuz , interested in the case . Klann 's father told Kuz that , shortly before his son 's death , Klann had been subpoenaed in a rape case . Kuz told Kookoothe what he had learned . That 's when Kookoothe 's legal training came in handy . Kookoothe pored through case files looking for information about the rape case . His search revealed a stunning fact : the man accused in the rape case for which Klann had been subpoenaed to testify was Paul "  Stoney " Lewis , the same man Espinoza said they were looking for the night of the murder . The priest felt like his heart had dropped into his stomach . "  The adrenaline started flowing , " he said . "  I 'm thinking there 's no motive for Joe at all . ... " A U.S. Appeals Court opinion said prosecutors "  failed to disclose that Lewis was being investigated , and had earlier been indicted , for a rape to which Klann was a witness . " A man named Christopher Longenecker testified in 2004 that Lewis raped him shortly before Klann 's murder . Immediately after the alleged rape , Klann walked in on the two men , which gave Longenecker a chance to escape , Longenecker testified . Longenecker did n't tell Klann he had just been raped , according to Longenecker . However , Longenecker said Klann knew he was upset . Longenecker told Klann that "  something had just happened , " according to the testimony . Longenecker testified he suspected Klann understood what had happened . Later , Longenecker was subpoenaed to testify against Lewis in his rape trial , according to court documents , but Longenecker misread the subpoena and missed the trial date . As a result , the rape indictment against Lewis was dismissed . If Longenecker 's story had been introduced as evidence in D'Ambrosio 's trial , it "  would have ... increased a reasonable juror 's doubt of D'Ambrosio 's guilt , " the court wrote . Kookoothe had connected legal dots that pointed suspicion away from D'Ambrosio . It blew the case wide open . During the trial , prosecutors had n't shared this information with D'Ambrosio 's lawyers , according to the U.S. Court of Appeals . "  I did n't see any connection " between the rape case and D'Ambrosio 's case , trial prosecutor Carmen Marino told CNN 's "  Death Row Stories . " It 's unlikely "  someone would murder another witness to keep them from testifying . " Read the opinion by the 6th Circuit of the U.S. Court of Appeals Prosecutors also failed to share the opinion of veteran homicide detectives who disputed Espinoza 's story , saying Klann was killed somewhere else and his body was dumped in the creek . Read an affidavit from one of the detectives Both these revelations gave D'Ambrosio 's lawyers much of the ammunition they needed to win his freedom after two decades on death row . "  There 's never been a formal complaint filed against Mr. Marino , " said Scott Drexel , disciplinary counsel for the Supreme Court of Ohio , which oversees grievances against judges and lawyers . But the court did cite Marino for alleged "  misconduct " during a trial against D'Ambrosio 's co-defendant , Thomas Michael Keenan . In front of jurors , Marino "  stabbed a large knife into a counsel table " prompting the court to conclude " ... the prosecutor 's pattern of misconduct throughout much of the trial and during closing argument did deprive -LSB- Keenan -RSB- of a fair trial . " D'Ambrosio 's case triggered calls for Ohio to adopt so-called open discovery laws to force prosecutors to share much more case information with defense attorneys . New legislation went into effect in 2010 . "  Many exonerations of prisoners on death row and elsewhere have happened because prosecutors failed to disclose important evidence to the defense , " said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  Open discovery would prevent those problems from happening and preserve the chance for a fair trial in the first place . " The National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers lists 14 states as having the "  least discovery in the nation . " They are New York , Alabama , Georgia , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Wyoming and Virginia . But there may be a dark side to open discovery laws . Criminals might use the information from prosecutors to learn the identities of their accusers , and then intimidate them before they testify . In Oregon , Clatsop County District Attorney Joshua Marquis supports open discovery laws while admitting their drawbacks . Marquis , a member of the National District Attorneys Association board of directors and a former member of the American Bar Association 's Criminal Justice Section Leadership Council , sometimes asks judges to allow blacking out -- or redacting -- of personal information contained in disclosed files . But redacting personal data , such as witness addresses , can cause problems , too , Marquis said . What if an attorney needs an address to track down a witness for a pretrial interview or to run a background check ? In that case , he said , the attorney is out of luck . In Ohio , Joe D'Ambrosio "  was the poster child case for open discovery , " said Kookoothe . Such laws , he said , would force prosecutors to focus less on winning and losing . "  The issue is not about winning -- but about truth-seeking and justice , " Kookoothe said . "  Open discovery should be the norm in every case , everywhere . " Marquis has a less idealistic point of view . "  Not to disparage defense attorneys , " he said , but a defense attorney 's "  job is not to seek the truth . Their job is to seek the acquittal of their client . " Marquis asked : What should defense attorneys say if their clients want to read those unrestricted reports ? "  We have in our possession , often , information that can be really badly misused . " According to a U.S. Court of Appeals opinion , if D'Ambrosio 's defense attorneys had gained access to the prosecution 's case files during trial , they could have demonstrated enough reasonable doubt to win an acquittal . Instead , D'Ambrosio served two decades in prison under a death sentence . Kookoothe remembered a day in January 2012 when he watched D'Ambrosio clear his final hurdle . A judge had already dismissed all charges against D'Ambrosio . All that was left was waiting to learn whether the U.S. Supreme Court would hear the state 's appeal . Kookoothe and D'Ambrosio sat together , ready to live blog their news from an open laptop . Finally , the highest court in the land announced its decision : The justices refused to consider the state 's appeal . " ` It 's over . It is OVER , Joe , " Kookoothe remembered saying . "  There is no more appeal , there is no other place to take this . There 's no place they can go . You are done . You 're free . " "  That , " Kookoothe said , "  was a great day . " Should more states require prosecutors to share all case files with defense attorneys ? What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Neil Kookoothe -- a priest , nurse and lawyer -- finds evidence in Ohio death row case Joe D'Ambrosio sat on death row for years before evidence overturned his conviction Case poses big questions about requiring prosecutors to share evidence
A new video shows what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years . And the CIA and the Pentagon either did n't know about it or could n't get a drone there in time to strike . U.S. officials wo n't comment on that , but every frame of the video is now being analyzed by the United States . In the middle of the clip , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly out in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . Al-Wuhayshi , the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has said he wants to attack the United States . But in the video , he looks unconcerned that he could be hit by an American drone . The video started appearing on jihadist websites recently , drawing the attention of U.S. officials and global terrorism experts . U.S. officials say they believe it 's authentic . "  This is quite an extraordinary video , " Paul Cruickshank , CNN terrorism analyst , said . The video shows al-Wuhayshi addressing more than 100 fighters somewhere within Yemen , Cruickshank said , a restive nation on the southwestern portion of the Arabian Peninsula . The al Qaeda leader , he said , is "  taking a big risk in doing this . " But he does n't mince words about his mission . In a speech to the group , al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " U.S. officials believe the highly produced video is recent . With some fighters faces blurred , there is worry it signals a new round of plotting . "  The U.S. intelligence community should be surprised that such a large group of al Qaeda assembled together , including the leadership , and somehow they did n't notice , " said Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst . There is good reason to worry . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , also known as AQAP , is considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate . The CIA and the Pentagon have repeatedly killed AQAP leaders with drone strikes . But the group is now emboldened . "  The main problem about this group is that it has a bomb maker who can put bombs on to planes that ca n't be detected , " Bergen said . That bomb maker , Ibrahim al-Asiri , is believed to be responsible for several attack attempts against the United States , including the failed 2009 Christmas Day underwear bomber attack in Detroit . Al-Asiri does n't appear in the video . He remains in hiding , and intelligence experts say he and other AQAP leaders have gone back to using couriers to communicate to avoid detection . That makes it even harder to figure out what al-Wuhayshi may order next . But the terror group leader 's goal is clear , Cruickshank said . "  His message to the United States , " Cruickshank said , "  was very much the same as  former al Qaeda leader Osama  bin Laden 's : ` We 're coming after you . ' " U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , told "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " that leaks tied to Yemen have affected U.S. intelligence collection , but he said he could n't say whether U.S. intelligence knew about the meeting . Chairman : al Qaeda ` more diverse and more aggressive ' than pre-9 / 11 Asked by Blitzer whether the United States would have sent a drone if officials had known such a large meeting of terrorists was taking place out in the open , the Michigan Republican said it 's unclear . "  It really depends , " he said . "  There are a lot of procedures that one would go through ... to do an airstrike on any large package of individuals . " Seeing such a group of al Qaeda operatives assembled is n't a surprise , he said . "  I think they have these meetings more often than people realize , " Rogers said . "  It 's difficult to get assets in position . You have to know where they are and where they meet at the right time in the right place with the right equipment . That 's a lot to do . " The video , Rogers says , is another sign that al Qaeda remains a dangerous threat . "  We think that they 're feeling empowered . The less pressure you put on them , the more they take that as a victory , the more that they believe that they can get away with plotting , planning , organizing as you saw there  in the video  , finance , training , " he said . "  All of the things that they would need to do to strike a Western target , they 're going through that process . " Retired Gen. Mark Kimmitt said smaller al Qaeda affiliates are coalescing into a more organized base . "  Sooner or later , if they continue to get better , stronger and more organized , " he said , "  they will be a direct threat to the United States . " It 's unlikely the United States was n't aware of the meeting shown in the video , Kimmitt told "  CNN Tonight . " "  The question is n't why did n't we know , " he said . "  The question is : What are we going to do about it ? " Al Qaeda leader urges militants to find out who killed his Syria representative Syria : Top training ground for al Qaeda , Senate is told	Retired U.S. general : "  The question is , what are we going to do about it ? " U.S. officials wo n't say whether they knew about the large al Qaeda meeting A new video of the meeting shows the group 's second in command Nasir al-Wuhayshi threatens the United States in the clip
CNN  -- Bollywood movie star Dev Anand , a fixture in the Indian film industry for decades , has died of an apparent heart attack , CNN IBN reported Sunday . He was 88 . Anand died in a London hotel Saturday night , his family said . The legendary Indian actor was known for his roles in a series of movies , including "  Johnny Mera Naam , " "  Des Pardes " and "  Hare Rama Hare Krishna . " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered his condolences Sunday . "  Dev Anand was a great artist who entertained generations of cinema lovers over five decades , " Singh said in a statement , according to CNN IBN . "  He was an embodiment of a life long passion for acting and film making . I join millions of his fans in mourning his death . " The star , who was known for his good looks and leading roles in romantic movies , released his book , "  Romancing with Life " in 2007 .	Bollywood star Dev Anand dies in London Saturday night Legendary Indian actor is known for his roles in a series of movies Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered his condolences Sunday
CNN  -- When Uncle Si Robertson declared on "  Duck Dynasty " that "  My favorite color is camo " it spurred a line of clothing sold to the A&E show 's fans , according to a federal lawsuit filed Tuesday . But the cable channel 's sales of T-shirts , hoodies and other apparel bearing that quote violate a trademark owned by Hajn , a Florida company that was already marketing "  My Favorite Color is Camo " merchandise , the civil complaint said . The company claims it registered the trademark and put it on shirts , pants , hoodies , hats , magnets , stickers and bumper stickers in 2011 , a year before the "  Duck Dynasty " reality series began airing on A&E . "  A&E 's conduct constitutes clear acts of unfair competition that risks considerable consumer confusion in that customers purchasing apparel from A&E believe that these goods are affiliated , sponsored , endorsed or related to Hajn , " the suit said . "  Alternatively , A&E 's conduct constitutes reverse palming off , in that consumers believe that Hajn is selling Duck Dynasty related apparel . " Hajn lawyers sent a cease-and-desist letter to A&E in early June , but the network is still marketing the men 's , women 's and children 's clothing with the trademarked slogan , the lawsuit said . A&E sells the apparel through merchandising deals with retail outlets such as Sears , Wal-Mart , Kohl 's , Sports Authority and Target , as well as online , the complaint said . "  A&E generated $ 400 million in revenues from sales of Duck Dynasty branded merchandise at Wal-Mart in 2013 alone , " the suit said . The lawsuit demands that A&E stop selling "  My Favorite Color is Camo " apparel and pay damages to Hajn . Lawyers for A&E have not filed a response in court . "  We do n't comment on pending litigation , " A&E publicist Dan Silberman told CNN Wednesday . Lindsay Lohan sues over ` Grand Theft Auto V ' ` Duck Dynasty ' star stands by beliefs Benham brothers lose HGTV show after ` anti-gay ' remarks	Company claims it registered the "  My Favorite Color is Camo " trademark in 2011 "  Duck Dynasty " reality series began airing on A&E in 2012 The Florida company demands A&E stop selling the camo shirts , pay damages A&E declines to comment on the federal lawsuit
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- In Nigeria , nobody speaks of terrible things . Where some unimaginable atrocity has been committed the news is often met with pursed lips , a double snap of the fingers and a swift motion over ones head to invoke a purge against evil . To speak of terror is to welcome it into one 's life . A terrible thing happened in Nigeria on Independence Day . In the small town of Mubi in the North-east , 25 students were rounded up a few hours before midnight . Their names were called out one by one . This was no typical roll call , however . The owner of each name that was called was swiftly executed by unidentified gunmen . No group has yet claimed responsibility . However Mubi is situated in Adamawa state which has become volatile of recent , an unwilling hotbed for the radical group , Boko Haram . Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it The cold blooded massacre is one of the worst to hit an educational institution in Nigeria and yet nobody is really talking about it . It is not a hot topic at the workplace or on the streets . The public mood is palpably apathetic . Two full days later and the news is only just filtering through to many . Even where there is a flicker of interest , pursed lips , double finger click , arms raised . Next topic . Thank you very much . The federal government has responded typically which is to say that the old book of cliches has been dusted down for frantic recital . No stone unturned . Perpetrators brought to book . Remote and immediate causes will be investigated . The cliches are often peppered with words like probe and investigative and panel . Read more from the author There is something sacred about learning institutions . When one thinks of the more infamous attacks on educational institutions -- Dunblane , Columbine , Toulouse , Erfurt -- it is shocking to see there is not a similar outpouring of grief in Nigeria over those who died in Monday 's attack . The sad truth is that insecurity has now become a constant companion for many Nigerians . As a result there is no longer any shock value . Attacks segue seamlessly into more attacks at a pace that makes it impossible to distinguish , digest or mourn appropriately . Read related : Suicide bomb kills 2 at Nigerian church Disbelief has made way for indifference as no one simply knows how to respond anymore . One week a church is hit , another a mosque . Today a newspaper headquarters is bombed tomorrow a petrol station is set ablaze . The pattern of violence is predictably indiscriminate . The strategy to combat the rising insecurity -- if indeed there is a strategy -- is not a winning one . Eyewitnesses to the Mubi killings say the shooting lasted for almost two hours uninterrupted after which the killers casually disappeared into the night . The latest attack will once again question the imperative of a regional or state police force . The national police system is crumbling under the weight of increased responsibility . The argument , which is slowly gaining traction , is that a local police force would have a far greater appreciation of the terrain , natives and nuances of a particular place . The current practice of stationing police officers in completely unfamiliar surroundings puts them at an obvious disadvantage . However even if a state police system becomes a reality , the long term solution to tackling insecurity must go beyond fighting fire with fire . There are more fundamental issues at play . The disparity that exists between Nigerians is greater now than it has ever been . There are no new interconnecting roads and bridges to reconnect cities and states . Strangers remain strangers . It will always be easier to maim or kill those that are unfamiliar to you . A greater push must be made to plan and budget public spending that will be used to finance the ever deepening infrastructure deficit . Where idleness exists crime and violence invariably follow . The inordinate amount of unemployed Nigerians can be linked directly to rising insecurity levels . There is insufficient power to energize the productive energy of the economy . Cosmetic initiatives such as the almajiri school system , which combines Muslim and western education , are rubric failures . People have to eat before they can learn . An empty stomach is the poorest of receptacles for qualitative learning . A better initiative would be to establish commodity boards to buy produce at government guaranteed prices . This puts money in the hands of the poor rural farmers who are most vulnerable yet paradoxically have the responsibility of feeding a country . The human potential of a satiated nation is close to infinite . A full belly is the most effective distraction against crime . Until such measures are put in place the Nigerian society will need to rediscover the ability to police itself . The growing number of atrocities is being perpetrated by people indigenous to the area . Rising insurgency has led to rising insularity . Neighbors are now regarded with suspicion . It is a harsh truth to bear . There are killers in the midst of everyday Nigerians . Only a greater acceptance of civic duties ; to observe and report suspicious behavior can expose those that lurk in the shadows yet continue to wreak havoc across the land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terfa Tilley-Gyado .	Political commentator says Nigerians largely indifferent to growing security threat Twenty-five students were executed at a university in Mubi , Adamawa state Monday Tilley-Gyado argues insecurity has now become a constant companion for many Nigerians
CNN  -- Lots of sexy , glamorous and irresistible characters make their way through "  Downton Abbey " -- the television drama that 's got audiences around the world fascinated by the intrigue inside an English manor house . But to many fans , the castle is the real star . So much so that it 's transforming some viewers into travelers , eager to see for themselves what it might be like to live as a blue-blood or as a servant at the great mansion . First stop : Highclere Castle , the fairytale-like 19th century property about an hour 's drive west of London used as the setting for the series and part-time home of the eighth Earl and Countess of Carnarvon . "  It has been amazing , " said Lady Fiona Carnarvon , describing the effect "  Downton Abbey " has had on the family 's life and the tourist demand to see the castle . "  We have so many e-mails now saying ` We love your home . ' " ` Like walking into Hogwarts ' More than e-mails are pouring in . About 50,000 people came to see the house last year , compared to about 30,000 who visited before the series began airing in the U.K. in fall 2010 , Lady Carnarvon said . American audiences see the show a few months later . The series has also inspired the countess to write "  Lady Almina and the Real Downton Abbey , " a book about a predecessor who converted Highclere into a hospital during World War I. Tourist demand is so great that the family is now asking visitors to buy admission in advance and is installing a timed ticket system to avoid having too many people inside the castle at one time . Group visits are already fully booked for 2012 , but individuals will be able to pre-book their tickets online starting next month . Even the "  Downton Abbey " actors are in awe of the setting . "  It 's like walking into Hogwarts or something like that in ` Harry Potter , ' " said Rob James-Collier , who plays the scheming footman-turned-sergeant Thomas Barrow in the series , in an interview with a British video production company last fall . "  It 's the center of the whole show around which everybody else revolves , " added Hugh Bonneville , who plays the Earl of Grantham . YouTube : Watch the making of "  Downton Abbey " For Lady Carnarvon , opening up her beautiful 300-room home to so many visitors just goes with the territory of being part of an aristocratic family . "  I think you have to look positively on it or you 've married the wrong husband , " she said . "  You have to want to share it , which we do . " Showcasing the countryside Tourists are n't the only ones glad the family is sharing the estate . The popularity of "  Downton Abbey " is just the latest boost for the British travel industry , which has been riding high since the royal wedding last spring and continues to be red-hot with the approach of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee in June and the Summer Olympic Games to be held in London in July . "  Downton " is especially good at showing visitors that there is more to Britain than just "  London-centric " landmarks , said Meredith Pearson , a spokeswoman for VisitBritain , the country 's national tourism agency . "  This is just the most exciting time for British tourism . It 's an unprecedented period of time to have so many incredible events taking place at the same time , " Person said . " -LSB- Now -RSB- ` Downton Abbey ' is really showcasing the beauty of our countryside and quaint villages and all of the manor houses across the country . ... We had no idea that it would take on a life of its own . It 's just become so popular . " There are lots of options if you want to visit Highclere Castle . The house and gardens are generally open to the public on select days from Easter until September . Since the castle was once the home of the fifth Earl of Carnarvon , who along with Howard Carter discovered Tutankhamun 's tomb in 1922 , the mansion also holds an Egyptian exhibition . Admission to visit the house , gardens and the exhibition costs  # 16  about $ 25  for an adult . For no cost , you can take walks within and near the estate . The deluxe tour Then again , if you 'd like to get a more intimate look at the castle , there 's a new , much pricier option that 's being offered by NoteWorthy Events , a travel agency that specializes in the United Kingdom . Owner Susie Worthy calls it an exclusive tour created in response to interest in the "  Masterpiece Classic " series . Do you and a few of your fellow "  Downton Abbey " fans have about $ 12,300 to spare ? If so , you can explore the castle , dine at the mansion and meet the aristocrats who call it home . As part of the package , the Earl and Countess of Carnarvon will personally greet you when you arrive at the main entrance and invite you to tea and coffee served in the Countess ' morning room . You 'll get a private tour of the State Rooms , before sitting down for lunch in the State Dining Room , complete with wines chosen by the earl from his wine cellar . After the meal , you 'll be whisked off to Beacon Hill , which provides sweeping views of the property . End your day with high tea back at the castle . Up to four people can take part in the pricey tour . Worthy was n't aware of any takers yet , but said it 's hard to resist the castle 's allure . "  It 's an escape from your humdrum life , really , " Worthy said , noting that the grand manor lifestyle is attracting interest from lots of British travelers exploring their own history , as well as international visitors . "  It 's another world . They want to leave their small house and go and see something wonderful , and they want to see lovely gardens and estates . They want to almost be part of it , although it does n't belong to them . " Where else to explore Beyond Highclere Castle , some tourists also head to the village of Bampton in Oxfordshire , where many of the exterior town scenes in the series are filmed . A stop there is often standard in some of the "  Downton Abbey " themed tours that have popped up in response to fan demand , such as the ones offered by Brit Movie Tours and Great British Tours . Pearson recommended that fans inspired to check out other spectacular sites used in popular British films and TV shows -- including "  Young Victoria " and "  Pride and Prejudice " -- should visit the National Trust website for a map of filming locations in England . Such "  set-jetting " trips have become one of the most popular travel trends for American tourists in Britain , she said . A trend only getting hotter , thanks to "  Downton Abbey . "	"  Downton Abbey " is transforming many fans into tourists The "  Masterpiece Classic " series is filmed on location at Highclere Castle The fairytale-like 19th century property is open to the public part of the year Thousands more people are coming to visit since the series began to air
Paris , France  CNN  -- The body of a retired restaurateur who 's been missing for two years has been found in a freezer in the French city of Lyon , police there told CNN Wednesday . The corpse of Jean-Francois Poinard , 71 , was discovered Tuesday in the apartment he had shared with a girlfriend in Lyon , regarded as the culinary capital of France . Police said an autopsy will be conducted . The French newspaper Le Monde cited a police source as saying the man 's girlfriend , 51 , has been taken into custody in connection with the case . Police said the body was found after a tip from a close family member of Poinard , who was considered one of Lyon 's top chefs in the 1970s and 80s . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Body of missing man is found in a freezer in a Lyon apartment The man 's girlfriend has been taken into custody in the case Poinard was a well-known chef in the 1970s and 80s
CNN  Jeb Bush will make his first scheduled appearance this year to the critically important state of Iowa next month for the Iowa Agriculture Summit in Des Moines on March 7 . Bush 's spokeswoman , Kristy Campbell , confirmed Wednesday that Bush will attend the event in the Hawkeye State , which holds the first nominating contests in presidential election years . Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and real estate titan Donald Trump are also confirmed for the event . Other invited speakers include a range of potential Republican and Democratic presidential candidates , including Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden . Bush 's scheduled speaking slot was first reported by the Des Moines Register . The former Florida governor makes his first major public address Wednesday since announcing in December he was actively exploring a presidential bid , though he has n't officially announced a campaign . He 's set to pitch a message at the Detroit Economic Club that he 's a "  reform conservative " and will offer an optimistic view for how to help the middle class . Bush skipped the most recent cattle call in Iowa last month , when close to 10 potential GOP presidential candidates addressed an assembly of core caucus goers in Des Moines . RELATED : Jeb 's invisible man strategy His absence seemed to be welcomed by many activists at the event . He was a frequent punching bag for some of the speakers -- Donald Trump said to big applause : "  The last thing we need is another Bush " -- and the former governor 's push for Common Core education standards was an even bigger target that day . New Hampshire State Rep. Bill O'Brien blasted the idea of "  nominating a liberal supporter of Common Core because he has a familiar name . " A recent Iowa poll also showed troubling signs for Bush . He garnered 8 % support among likely Republican caucus goers , falling behind Scott Walker at 15 % , Rand Paul at 14 % , Mike Huckabee at 10 % and Ben Carson at 9 % . The Hawkeye State is already seeing a range of potential candidates making stops in the state . Sen. Rand Paul will be there on Friday and Saturday for an "  Audit the Fed " rally and to attend an Iowa State University basketball game . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie speaks at a Dallas County GOP event in Iowa on Monday . CNN 's Jeremy Diamond and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush will attend an agriculture summit in Iowa next month It 'll be his first scheduled appearance in the Hawkeye State Iowa holds the first nominating contest in presidential election years
CNN  -- Deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya said Thursday night he has rejected a proposal by the man who replaced him after a June coup that they both resign and make way for a third person to take over . Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya faces reporters Thursday at Brazil 's Embassy in Tegucigalpa . The proposal was made in person by a delegate for de facto President Roberto Micheletti , Zelaya said in an interview with CNN en Espaol . Zelaya said the unnamed delegate visited him Wednesday night in the Brazilian embassy in the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa , where he has been holed up since secretly returning to the country Monday . "  This is not acceptable , " Zelaya said about the proposal , adding that it would just mean replacing one leader put into power by a coup with another non-elected president . Earlier Thursday , Zelaya said in an interview with CNN 's Rick Sanchez that he never lost the title of president though he was removed from power in the June 28 coup . "  I am the president of Honduras and I 'll stay here in the Brazilian embassy as long as it takes , " he said . Watch Zarrella report on the situation in Honduras " Zelaya told CNN en Espaol that he no help from any outside nations in returning to Honduras . He said reports by Brazilian officials that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez helped him are "  absolutely false . " Only Honduran citizens helped him , Zelaya said . He said earlier this week the trip took 15 to 16 hours . The ousted leader also said conditions had improved at the embassy in the past day . He had complained earlier in the week that Micheletti 's government had shut off electricity and water to the embassy and was impeding food deliveries . Authorities had said they turned off power to the embassy and surrounding area to discourage looting , but Micheletti has said that pro-Zelaya protesters at the embassy short-circuited the power themselves . Micheletti again denied on Thursday turning off the power . Micheletti told Sanchez his government is not in contact with Brazilian officials , but said Zelaya would not be removed from the embassy . "  We are serious people , " he said . "  We 're going to let him stay wherever he wants . " Earlier this week , Micheletti said Zelaya would be arrested and face charges for violating the constitution if he left the embassy . "  President Zelaya should present himself before the tribunals of justice in our country where he has charges against him , " Micheletti said in a Wednesday interview with CNN en Espaol . Zelaya has denied violating the constitution . Asked whether officials would allow CNN to enter the embassy to interview Zelaya , Micheletti said , "  Please , please . I beg you . Come down here . But do n't just stay only in the Brazilian embassy . Go to all over the country and find out the real true country . Please , come . " CNN reporter John Zarrella said previously that authorities would not let him into the embassy to interview Zelaya . A nationwide curfew was lifted Wednesday , but a tight security cordon remained in the area around the embassy . Micheletti said police were stationed there because people inside the embassy requested the protection . "  We are not impeding the exit nor the entrance of absolutely anybody , " Micheletti said . Zelaya said in the interview with CNN en Espaol that he been meeting with political and religious leaders who visited him at the embassy . Micheletti has maintained that Zelaya was not removed in a coup , but in a constitutional transfer of power .	Former leader returned to country this week , has been staying in embassy I 'll stay here in the Brazilian embassy as long as it takes , " he says De facto president says Zelaya wo n't be removed from embassy New leader begs media to come cover "  the real true country "
CNN  -- Schalke joined Bayern Munich at the top of the German Bundesliga table with a 2-1 victory at Hertha Berlin on Friday . Striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar put the visitors ahead with his 14th league goal this season , while Teemu Pukki fired the winner just before halftime after Adrian Ramos equalized for Hertha . The win put Schalke on 31 points from 16 games , enough for second place on goal difference behind Bayern -- who travel to Stuttgart on Sunday . Borussia Monchengladbach can go top on Saturday with victory at bottom side Augsburg , while third-placed champions Borussia Dortmund can also move up to 33 points by beating another team in the relegation zone , Kaiserslautern , at home on Sunday . Schalke took the lead in the 19th minute on the counter-attack as Lewis Holtby released Christian Fuchs , whose cross was flicked on by Roman Hubnik to Huntelaar and the Dutchman finished at the far post . Ramos leveled six minutes later with a powerful header from Raffael 's corner , but Finland striker Pukki made up for an overly casual earlier miss with a fierce shot from the edge of the box after being picked out by Raul . Huntelaar was denied in the second half by a fine save from goalkeeper Thomas Kraft , while Jose Jurado should have doubled the lead late in the game but the Spaniard shot wide . The defeat left Hertha in ninth place with 19 points , and facing the prospect of sliding down the 18-team table by the end of this weekend .	Victory at Hertha Berlin puts Schalke second in the German league table Friday 's 2-1 win lifts Schalke above Borussia Dortmund and Monchengladbach Schalke on 31 points along with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich Bayern travel to Stuttgart on Sunday , when Dortmund host Kaiserslautern
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  Why did AirAsia Flight QZ8501 crash into the sea while the seven other planes flying nearby eventually landed safely ? That 's the big question on the mind of Indonesia 's Transportation Minister as investigators finish preparing the initial report into the crash last month of the Airbus A320-200 with 162 passengers on board . "  The question is why this plane suddenly climbed " from 32,000 feet to almost 38,000 feet "  without any information and any warning , " Ignasius Jonan told CNN in an interview Monday . Jonan said none of the other planes in the area experienced the turbulent weather patterns that led the pilot of QZ8501 to request a change of course and an increase in altitude shortly before it disappeared off radar . Data provided by the Indonesian Transportation Ministry shows that less than three minutes after making that request , Flight QZ8501 began climbing sharply , rising nearly 6,000 feet in less than a minute . The plane then fell rapidly and disappeared off radar in the middle of the Java Sea . That sequence of events is based on radar and transponder information , not on the contents of the plane 's flight data recorder . The analysis of the information from the data recorder , and the other so-called black box , the cockpit voice recorder , is expected to be part of the preliminary report that Indonesia is due to submit to international air safety regulators by January 28 . The Transportation Minister told CNN that he wants to ensure the victims ' families and the public are kept informed and that there 's nothing hidden from them . But when asked if that meant he would release the preliminary report to the public , he said no . Jonan said he will urge investigators to release the final report as soon as possible . "  It wo n't be a year , that 's my promise , " he said . Jonan oversaw an investigation into why Flight QZ8501 was able to take off on a Sunday , even though AirAsia lacked permission to fly from Surabaya to Singapore on that day of the week . His inquiry discovered 60 other flights had been running without proper approvals . Those flights have been banned , he says , and ministry officials are now regularly checking the schedules . While he calls the issue of flights operating without permission a "  big worry , " he says he believes it was unrelated to the crash of Flight QZ8501 . He also says he thinks that this crash should not be seen as a permanent black mark against Indonesia 's safety record . "  We run around 1,000 flights a day and 7000 flights a week , " Jonan said . "  And that 's a lot of flights in the air of Indonesia . So one crashed unfortunately . So I would suggest it 's not a big issue that can make everybody not fly in the air of Indonesia . " Journalist Masrur Jamaluddin contributed to this report .	Other planes in the area did n't experience turbulent weather , Transportation Minister says Officials do n't plan to release the preliminary report to the public , he tells CNN
CNN  -- The International Committee of the Red Cross called on Israel to allow it immediate access to Gaza , saying a trip into Gaza City revealed weak children laying with their dead mothers and other "  shocking " scenes . Israeli artillery fires a shell toward Gaza from the Israel-Gaza border on Wednesday . Red Cross workers and four ambulances from the Palestine Red Crescent Society managed to enter the Zaytun neighborhood of Gaza City on Wednesday , according to a written release . The crew found four children , too weak to stand , next to their dead mothers in a house containing 12 corpses , the statement says . Other houses revealed more wounded and three more corpses , the release said . It said Israeli soldiers posted near the houses ordered the rescue team to leave the area -- an order the team refused . "  This is a shocking incident , " said Pierre Wettach , the ICRC 's chief official for Israel and the Palestinian territories . "  The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation but did not assist the wounded . Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestine Red Crescent to assist the wounded . " A spokesman for Israel 's military said early Thursday that the Red Cross 's news release was the first he had heard of the alleged incident . Speaking after midnight , the spokesman said he was unsure if Israel has received a formal request to investigate . "  We do make every effort and our soldiers do put themselves at risk " to help wounded civilians , the spokesman told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . The Red Cross release said the children and other wounded were taken to ambulances in a donkey cart because earth walls erected by Israeli soldiers made it impossible for the ambulances to reach their neighborhood . Watch psychologist describe how war affects children " It said the group was told more wounded people were in the neighborhood , and demanded that Israel grant it and the Red Crescent immediate access and safe passage to search for them . The Israeli spokesman said the military has established a 24-hour liaison to maintain contacts with humanitarian organizations . The Israeli military operation in Gaza has killed at least 680 people and injured more than 3,000 since it launched December 27 , Palestinian medical sources said Wednesday . Thirty percent of the deaths are women and children , according to the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , citing statistics released Tuesday by the Palestinian Ministry of Health . Seven Israeli soldiers and three civilians have been killed since the operation , the Israeli military reported . Israel says the purpose of the operation is to stop Hamas militants from firing rockets from Gaza into southern Israel .	Red Cross : Workers found weak kids with dead mothers during trip into Gaza City Team found wounded people , corpses , Red Cross says Red Cross official : Israeli military did n't help the wounded International Committee of the Red Cross demands access to Gaza
CNN  -- A man accused of screaming racial slurs while beating an Army reservist in front of her daughter outside a restaurant in Morrow , Georgia , was jailed and held without bond Wednesday after being indicted on felony charges . Troy Dale West Jr , of Poulan , Georgia , is being held without bond on new felony charges . Troy Dale West Jr. , of Poulan , Georgia , is facing one count of aggravated assault , two counts of battery , two counts of disorderly conduct , false imprisonment and cruelty to children for allegedly beating Tashawnea Hill outside a Cracker Barrel restaurant on September 9 , according to a Clayton County Court online docket . West had been arrested on misdemeanor charges following the incident , but Clayton County District Attorney Tracy Graham Lawson took the the case to a grand jury asking for more serious charges . Hill 's attorney Kip Jones told CNN that several hundred supporters , believed to be with the NAACP , Al Sharpton 's Political Action Network and Rainbow Push , gathered outside the courtroom Wednesday morning in support of more serious charges against West . Jones said he and Hill were pleased with the new indictment . "  We look forward to a conviction as Tasha and her 7-year-old daughter move forward to recover from this heinous incident , " he said . West 's lawyer , Larry King , had no comment about the indictment , according his assistant . Hill , 35 , said the attack occurred after she warned West to be careful after almost hitting her 7-year-old daughter with the restaurant 's door as she was leaving . West , according to a police report , admitted striking Hill "  after she spit on me and accused me of trying to hit her daughter with a door . " During an interview on CNN following the attack , Jones denied that she spat on West or did "  anything to provoke the attack . " Hill , an African-American , told police that West , 47 , yelled racial epithets at her during the attack . Police said witnesses confirmed her account . "  He did punch me with a closed fist repeated times . My head is still hurting today . I have knots on my head , " Hill told CNN . She also said she was kicked . Police say Hill stated that "  West punched her in the left cheek , forehead , kicked her body in several places , and punched her head in many areas several times . " Hill 's attorney said he was "  convinced this was a hateful , racist attack ... based on the N-word , the B-word , etc. " "  The language was vile . It was racist . It was sexist . It was completely offensive , completely unprovoked , " Jones said . Morrow is a racially diverse city in the southeast suburbs of Atlanta , Georgia , with a population of about 4,900 , according to the 2000 census .	Man accused of racially charged attack at restaurant held without bond Grand jury on Wednesday indicted Troy Dale West Jr. on new felony charges Army reservist said West yelled racial slurs , beat her in front of her child Charges against West include aggravated assault , battery , false imprisonment
CNN  -- Among the thousands of diplomatic documents obtained by WikiLeaks , there is talk of Iranian missiles , German politicians and a myriad of other issues , including one cable about a British prince -- and his views on geography teachers , the French , journalists and Russian influence in central Asia . Back in 2008 , the U.S. ambassador in the central Asian state of Kyrgyzstan , Tatiana Gfoeller , was invited to lunch with Prince Andrew , Duke of York , who was in the country to promote British interests . After the encounter , she observed in a cable : "  Astonishingly candid , the discussion at times verged on the rude  from the British side  . " When the conversation turned to the problem of corruption , one businessman said that working in Kyrgyzstan was "  like doing business in the Yukon " in the 19th century , "  i.e. only those willing to participate in local corrupt practices are able to make any money . " "  At this point the Duke of York laughed uproariously , saying that : ` All of this sounds exactly like France . ' " At another point , according to Ambassador Gfoeller , "  the prince mused that outsiders could do little to change the culture of corruption here . ` They themselves have to have a change of heart . Just like you have to cure yourself of anorexia . No one else can do it for you . ' " Referring to his coming meeting with the Kyrgyz prime minister , Prince Andrew seemed exasperated . "  With a mock groan , the Duke of York then exclaimed : ` My God , what am I supposed to tell these people ?! ' " The prince also addressed Russian influence in central Asia , stating that "  the United Kingdom , Western Europe  and by extension you Americans , too  were now back in the thick of playing the Great Game . More animated than ever , he stated cockily : ` And this time we aim to win ! ' " "  The Great Game " originally referred to the 19th century struggle between Britain and Russia for control of central Asia . The cable continued that Prince Andrew indicated he had little patience for the media interfering in the negotiation of business deals , condemning "  these  expletive  journalists , especially from the National Guardian , who poke their noses everywhere . " According to the ambassador 's account , the prince also "  railed at British anti-corruption investigators , who had had the ` idiocy ' of almost scuttling the Al-Yamama deal with Saudi Arabia . " That deal was a multibillion-dollar defense contract between BAE Systems and the Saudi government that became the target of a U.K. Serious Fraud Office corruption inquiry . Warming to her theme , Ambassador Gfoeller continues : "  He then capped this off with a zinger : castigating ` our stupid  sic  British and American governments which plan at best for 10 years whereas people in this part of the world plan for centuries . ' " But she saves perhaps the best for last , referring to Prince Andrew 's "  unmitigated patriotic fervor . " One British guest at the lunch had noted that despite the might of the American economy , British investment in Kyrgyzstan was of a similar magnitude . "  Snapped the Duke : ` No surprise there . The Americans do n't understand geography . Never have . In the U.K. , we have the best geography teachers in the world ! ' "	The U.S. ambassador to Kyrgyzstan had lunch with Prince Andrew in 2008 "  The discussion at times verged on the rude , " she wrote He joked that the corruption in Kyrgyzstan reminded him of France , she wrote
CNN  -- Children in Asian countries are on average better problem solvers than their European and American peers , according to a new study by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . In 2012 the organization tested more than 85,000 15-year-olds in 44 countries and economies on their problem solving skills , testing their ability to explore limitations or obstacles and to understand information given to them . While Singapore , Japan , China and Korea were among the top-performing economies , the United States scored just above the average and Russia and Israel lagged behind with lower-than-average scores . The OECD says ability to crack complex problems is key to the economic success in the future . "  Today 's 15-year-olds with poor problem-solving skills will become tomorrow 's adults struggling to find or keep a good job , " said Andreas Schleicher , acting director of education and skills at the OECD . The problems in the test were designed to be similar to those faced by many workers in every day situations -- such as using an unfamiliar mobile phone or a ticket-vending machine . The report says one in 10 workers faces such hurdles every day . But the skills become even more important in the sectors that drive developed economies -- highly skilled managerial and technical occupations . The pupils were also asked to consider situations involving a number of alternatives and constraints to make a decision -- for example choosing the right pain killer given sufficient details about the patient , their complaints and the available pain killers . In another parts , students had to solve scheduling problems for projects such as building a house or generating a flight schedule for an airline . One question asked the children to plan a seating plan for a birthday party according to the wishes of the individual party guests . Try to solve it here : See the answers here . The results suggested that one in five students in the OECD countries is only able to solve "  very straightforward problems -- if any -- provided they refer to familiar situations , such as choosing from a catalog of furniture , showing different brands and prices , the cheapest models to furnish a room . " But the same students failed when put in new situations and asked to solve unfamiliar problems . The report says this is a consequence of education focused on various sets of rules , such as the rules of algebra . While algebra is important , the reports points out that in real world , applying the rules of mathematics is only the second part of finding a solution to a problem . "  The first step -- the step computers ca n't do -- involves examining the messy set of facts in a real-world problem to determine which set of algebraic rules to apply , " it says . To avoid turning pupils into robots governed by a strict set of rules , teachers should encourage their students to think about skills they learned in one class -- such as reading and mathematics , and apply them when trying to solve a problem in biology or history . Read more : Shanghai teens top international education ranking Opinion : What Asian schools can teach the rest of the world	Singaporean pupils are the top-performing problem solvers , American students rank just above average OECD tested 85,000 15-year-olds in 44 countries and economies on their problem solving skills
The Hollywood Reporter  Melissa Benoist is suited up and ready to fly in CBS ' "  Supergirl . " Producer Warner Bros. . Television has released the first-look photos of the "  Glee " and "  Whiplash " breakout in the official costume as DC Comics character Supergirl . See more : The Faces of Pilot Season 2015 The costume was designed by three-time Oscar-winner Colleen Atwood , who also served in the same capacity for WBTV/The CW 's DC takes ` Arrow " and "  The Flash . " "  In designing Supergirl , I wanted to embrace the past but more importantly , thrust her into the street-style action hero of today , " said Atwood , who earned Oscars for "  Into the Woods , " "  Snow White and the Huntsman " and "  Sweeney Todd . " Production on the pilot started this week in Los Angeles . Read more : TV Pilots 2015 : The Complete Guide The drama centers on Kara Zor-El  Benoist  , Superman 's cousin , who was born on the planet Krypton and escaped amid its destruction years ago . After arriving on Earth , Kara was taken in by a foster family , the Danverses , who taught her to be careful with her extraordinary powers  which she shares with her famous cousin  . "  Brothers & Sisters " and "  Ally McBeal " alum Calista Flockhart co-stars as DC Comics character Cat Grant , "  True Blood 's " Mehcad Brooks is set as Jimmy Olsen ; "  Homeland 's " David Harewood is DC Comics character Hank Henshaw ; and "  Grey 's Anatomy 's " Chyler Leigh plays Alexandra "  Alex " Danvers , the confident foster sister of Kara . Laura Benanti will recur , while former Supergirl Helen Slater and former Superman Dean Cain will guest-star in the pilot . "  Arrow " and "  Flash 's " Greg Berlanti and his "  No Ordinary Family " cohort Ali Adler  "  The New Normal "  as well as "  Arrow " and "  Flash " EP Andrew Kreisberg will pen the script and executive produce the drama via Berlanti Productions ' Warner Bros. . Television-based banner . Berlanti Productions ' topper Sarah Schechter also is on board to executive produce .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Photo of Melissa Benoist as Supergirl released New show about character currently in production for CBS
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A legal battle has put the future of Skype in jeopardy , according to eBay , which owns the online communications system . Skype 's online phone and video communication service has been incredibly popular . If Skype loses the right to use a key part of its software and ca n't create an adequate replacement , "  Skype 's business as currently conducted would likely not be possible , " eBay said in its quarterly filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission . There is no sign of Skype disappearing soon -- a relief to the more than 480 million registered users who have video or telephone conversations online through the technology . But the battle with Joltid , the company that created the piece of technology at issue , shows no sign of being resolved anytime soon , either . Joltid complains that Skype broke its licensing agreement to use the technology . Skype filed suit against Joltid in Britain , saying it could not terminate the license agreement ; Joltid struck back with a counterclaim saying Skype had broken the agreement . A trial is scheduled for June 2010 , eBay said in the SEC filing . "  Although Skype is confident of its legal position , as with any litigation , there is the possibility of an adverse result if the matter is not resolved through negotiation , " eBay writes . "  Skype has begun to develop alternative software to that licensed through Joltid . However , such software development may not be successful , may result in loss of functionality or customers even if successful , and will in any event be expensive . " In an e-mail to CNN , Joltid said Skype "  accessed Joltid 's source code and modified it -- Joltid then claimed a breach of license . " Skype denies any breach . "  Joltid is enforcing its rights in the courts , " Joltid said in the e-mail . "  Like any member of the creative industries , Joltid will defend its innovations with determination . " CNN 's Diana Magnay and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A legal battle puts the future of Skype in jeopardy , according to owner eBay Skype in legal battle with company behind some of its software eBay says without software Skype 's "  business ... would likely not be possible "
CNN  -- There are few things more annoying than listening to ignorant , whiny parents complain about a school district teaching their children about sex . How in the world do we say it 's OK for schools to teach our children about math , science , history , and numerous other subjects , yet then get high and mighty with righteous indignation when biology is taken a step further to focus on sex ? Too many parents live in denial about their children having sex , and somehow saying you 'll handle the tough stuff is living in fantasy land . The city of New York should be commended for not bowing to the blowhards and confronting the reality of sex in America by mandating a sex education curriculum beginning in 2012 . Whether it 's safe sex practices or even abstinence , all of these issues must be dealt with in an educational setting , because when we look at the teen pregnancy rates , sexually transmitted diseases , including HIV/AIDS , it only makes sense to have as much education as possible . Taxes and death are considered two undeniably realities of life . I would say that sex is right behind those two . I recall as an elementary student , as well as in middle school and high school , taking classes that dealt with sex . Yes , elementary school . It was done properly and smartly , and was needed . Did it prevent children from getting pregnant too soon ? I ca n't say for sure . But I can definitely say knowing more about a topic than less is crucial . Now let 's deal with the abstinence-only nuts who act as if anything else should n't be taught . Yes , I 'm talking directly to The NYC Parents ' Choice Coalition . They are upset with videos demonstrating how to put on a condom , as well as other aspects of the sex education curriculum . Folks , y' all are flat out crazy if you want to encourage parents to opt out of sex education by making it more about abstinence and nothing else . Why ca n't both take place ? Abstinence is definitely the safest of all safe sex measures , but there is also a point when we have to accept reality . Talk to school teachers and administrators and they will tell you that students as young as middle school are engaging in oral sex , and there is the belief that that really does n't count as sex . Yet anyone with half a brain knows that to be the case . If kids are out there having oral sex , they sure as heck need to know that doing so without protection can be life-altering . But such parents groups prefer to stick their heads in the sand . They find such talk unseemly and think such frankness should be left between child and parent . Not me . As a Jesus lovin ' Christian , I 'm about real talk , and if that means dealing with sex directly , let 's go for it . Educators and city officials in New York should fully brace themselves for the onslaught . Right-thinking folks are tired of seeing young folks coming back HIV-positive or dealing with a pregnancy at 16 . I have nine nieces and four nephews , and I would be fully supportive of them being taught about sex education in school . Forget shying from a tough subject . If we are going to equip our children for tomorrow , then sex needs to be dealt with in a smart , productive and educational setting by professionals . It 's clear that parents are n't as dependable on some matters as they like to delude themselves into believing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	NYC should be commended for mandating sex education , Roland Martin says Safe sex and abstinence must be dealt with in an educational setting , he says Martin : While abstinence is definitely safest , we have to accept reality .
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia has lifted a ban on some fresh vegetable imports from the European Union as of Tuesday , a senior official said . Gennady Onishchenko , head of Russia 's state consumer protection watchdog , said vegetables from Belgium and the Netherlands are now allowed into the country . Moscow banned imports of fresh vegetables from the European Union earlier this month following an outbreak of E. coli in Germany that is blamed for 47 deaths . French health officials said Monday the same strain of E. coli appeared to have resurfaced in an outbreak in the Bordeaux area that has left nine people in need of hospital treatment . Onishchenko told Russian news agencies that Belgium and the Netherlands were the first to have the vegetable import ban lifted because they have reliable laboratories and because no one there has been affected by the recent cases of E. coli . The Netherlands is Russia 's biggest supplier of fresh vegetables , providing one-third of such imports in monetary terms , he is quoted as saying . The two countries will have to provide certificates for their exports , stating their origin and that they are safe , he said . Poland , Lithuania , Spain , Denmark and the Czech Republic are on a "  waiting list " and may be allowed access to the Russian market again if certain conditions are met , Onishchenko added . European Union nations exported about 600 million euros worth of vegetables to Russia last year , according to the European Commission . Both the French and German outbreaks have been linked to sprouted salad seeds . An investigation in Bordeaux suggested the seeds concerned were supplied by a British company , but no definitive link has been established , an official with France 's economy ministry said . The European Center for Disease Prevention and Control said on Monday the number of deaths in the outbreak centered in Germany had risen to 47 , including one death in Sweden .	NEW : Five other countries on a "  waiting list " to resume vegetable exports to Russia Vegetable imports from Belgium and the Netherlands will be allowed from Tuesday Russia banned fresh vegetables from the EU after a deadly E.coli outbreak centered in Germany A fresh outbreak in France has sickened several people
CNN  -- Watching digital artist Kyle Lambert 's stunning photo-realistic iPad paintings emerge from a blank screen is an awe-inspiring experience . The image of Morgan Freeman in the video above , created from a picture by Scott Gries , is so rich in detail that it is difficult to believe that you are n't looking at a photograph . Difficult until you see the brush strokes build from a blank canvas and turn into the Oscar-nominated actor before your very eyes . Lambert is a UK-based visual artist who specializes in creating visually striking paintings and illustrations for film , television , advertising and print . Lambert says that his work combines his "  passion for art , technology and storytelling . " The British artist originally trained as an oil painter , but today has an extensive list of clients including Apple , Adobe , BBC Television , GQ Magazine , and Paramount Studios . According to Lambert there is n't much difference between working on a tablet and conventional painting , except that after you are done you can watch the creative process back : "  The advantage to using Procreate on the iPad is that you can create really high resolution artwork and the process of creating it can then be automatically exported as a video , " Lambert says . "  The user interface is nice and simple which means you can quickly select brushes and colours without interrupting your thought process . The only disadvantage about working on a touch screen is that you have choose between using your fingers or a whole host of stylus choices . Personally I have become used to painting in on the iPad with my finger . This helps the interchange between pinching to zoom and navigate the painting and then tapping to paint . " Most of Lambert 's work is done on an Apple Mac Pro but when he is away from his desktop , Lambert uses his sketchbook , Digital SLR camera , iPhone and iPad . According to the artist , the image of Morgan Freeman above required 285,000 brush strokes and more than 200 hours to complete . Lambert painted the work over a few weeks in November before posting the video this week . It received a million views in its first 12 hours online and currently stands at 8 million views . In 2011 , Lambert was ` Featured Artist ' at the Macworld Expo , where he delivered a talk about digital artwork and gave live demonstrations . He also offers art tutorials on his website , so if you are a budding artist with a passion for digital painting , you could do worse than to check out his webpage : kylelambert.co.uk	Digital artist Kyle Lambert creates photo-realistic paintings on iPad Picture of Morgan Freeman took 200 hours and 285,000 brush strokes The painting received 1 million views in its first 12 hours online
CNN  -- The prospect of arguably the two best club sides in the world contesting the European Champions League final remains a possibility after Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid were kept apart in the semifinal draw in Nyon , Switzerland . Current Spanish league leaders Barca were drawn against Bayern Munich , who have already wrapped up the Bundesliga title this season , while Real Madrid will play Borussia Dortmund . "  It 's our chance to show that Bayern Munich has improved since 2009  when Barcelona beat Bayern 4-0  and that we can now compare ourselves to the best teams , " Bayern honorary president Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told reporters on Friday . "  It will be a good comparison between the Bundesliga and the Spanish league . " Last season Real and Dortmund won the Spanish and German league titles . While Real have been off the pace in the Spanish league this season -- Jose Mourinho 's side are 12 points behind Barca -- the Madrid club beat their Catalan rivals recently in the Spanish Cup semifinals . In the Bundesliga , Dortmund have also lagged as Bayern have romped to the title , but Jurgen Klopp 's side have looked a different proposition in the Champions League and are the only unbeaten side in this season 's competition . Dortmund got the better of Real when the two sides met in the group stages , with the German side beating Real 2-1 in their Westfalenstadion and then securing an impressive 2-2 draw in Madrid to finish top of their section . The semifinal meeting between Barca and Bayern has an added twist in that the Catalan 's side former coach coach Pep Guardiola will replace the German club 's coach Jupp Heynckes at the end of the season . Heynckes was Real 's coach in 1998 , when Madrid won their first title in the competition in more than 30 years . Real are chasing a 10th European Cup , although their last win was back in 2002 . Their arch-rivals Barcelona and Bayern both have four and Borussia weigh in with their single victory in 1997 when they upset favourites Juventus 3-1 in the final . The semifinal will be played on 23 and 24 April , with the return legs on 30 April and 1 May to decide who will meet in the Wembley final in London on May 25 . In the Europa League , Chelsea will face Switzerland 's Basel , while Turkish side Fenerbahce face Portugal 's Benfica on April 25 and May 2 for the right to contest the final in Amsterdam on May 15 .	Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Euroepan Champions League semifinals Nine-time winner Real Madrid face Borussia Dortmund in the last four Semifinals will be played on 23 and 24 April , with the return legs on 30 April and 1 May Chelsea face Basel , while Fenerbahce meet Benfica in the Europa League semifinals
CNN  -- The senior Haqqani network leader in Afghanistan , Haji Mali Khan , was captured during a joint NATO-Afghan forces operation , the International Security Assistance Force said Saturday . Khan was captured Tuesday in Jani Khel district , in Paktiya province , ISAF said . "  This is the arrest of a leading figure of the Haqqani clan , " ISAF spokesman Gen. Carsten Jacobson said . "  It is a considerable blow against the Haqqani network . " The Haqqani insurgent network is widely regarded as one of the most effective militant groups in Afghanistan . Western intelligence officials believe the Haqqanis were involved in the assassination this month of Burhanuddin Rabbani , the chairman of Afghanistan 's High Peace Council , and a June attack on the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul . The group has not yet been labeled a terrorist group , but the United States is close to adding it to its terror list . U.S. officials say they are in the final formal review of that process . The White House praised the capture in a statement Saturday . "  We congratulate the Afghan and ISAF forces for capturing the Haqqani network 's senior commander in Afghanistan , Haji Mali Khan , a key Haqqani leader who facilitated cross-border attacks against our troops , " White House National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said . Khan is the uncle of Siraj and Badruddin Haqqani -- the brothers who lead the network -- and worked directly under Siraj , managing bases and overseeing operations in Afghanistan and Pakistan , ISAF said . Although he was arrested Tuesday , his capture was not announced until Saturday because it took a few days to confirm his identity , NATO spokesman Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings said . Khan moved forces from Pakistan to Afghanistan to conduct terrorist activity , ISAF said . According to ISAF , Khan in the past year established a militant camp in Paktiya province , transferred money to insurgents and help them acquire supplies . He was heavily armed , but surrendered without incident , ISAF said . "  Haji Mali Khan is a very important member of the Haqqani network . He was an active fighter for the group but also he was helping  Siraj  Haqqani in his administrate work , " said Muhammad Amin , a former member of Afghanistan 's security council and an influential leader in the region . "  Whenever Siraj would be busy or away , Mali Khan would attend the meetings for  him  . I think it is quite significant that he has been arrested and for sure Mali Khan has lots of information . " The Haqqani network was founded by Siraj Haqqani 's father with Pakistani backing to fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . Still today , the group is believed to maintain ties with Pakistan 's military intelligence , the ISI . Many of the Haqqani targets have an Indian connection , signs of that association with the ISI . The links between the ISI and Haqqanis is "  very well known , " former joint chiefs chairman Adm. Mike Mullen , who retired Friday , told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . "  I have argued for the need to sever this link , " he said , adding that the discussion was not a new one for U.S. officials . The United States has offered a $ 5 million reward for information leading to the arrest of Siraj Haqqani . The U.K. Foreign Office praised the capture of Khan . "  As a senior commander within the Haqqani network , his removal from the battlefield will deal a major blow to one of the most dangerous terrorist networks operating in Afghanistan , " said Alistair Burt , foreign office minister for Middle East affairs . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Tim Lister , Jessica Yellin and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	Haji Mali Khan is the senior leader in Afghanistan for the Haqqani network He was captured on Tuesday , but it took a few days to verify his identity The Haqqani network is blamed for recent attacks
CNN  -- The nephew of deposed Tunisian President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali found his sentence for a drug possession conviction doubled when he appealed it , state media said . Imed Trabelsi was sentenced in May to two years in prison and a 2,000-dinar  about $ 1,440  fine for possession and consumption of drugs , Tunisia 's official news agency said . He appealed the ruling . On Saturday , the Tunis Court of Appeal upheld the decision and added two more years to the sentence : four years in prison and a 3,000-dinar  $ 2,160  fine , the TAP news agency said . The report did not say why the court imposed the additional time . Trabelsi is still to be tried as part of corruption cases filed against 114 Ben Ali relatives after the former president 's ouster earlier this year , the news agency said . Last week , a Tunisian court sentenced Ben Ali and his wife to 35 years in prison in absentia on corruption charges . The court also imposed a fine of 91 million dinars  $ 65 million  . Ben Ali and his wife , Leila Trabelsi , have been living in exile in Saudi Arabia since the January revolt that ended his 23-year rule and touched off a wave of uprisings across North Africa and the Middle East . The pair faced a total of 93 counts stemming from the discovery of cash , weapons , jewelry and drugs in the presidential palace after the revolt . Of those , 35 counts against Ben Ali and his inner circle -- including murder and torture -- have been referred to a Tunisian military court , the state news agency reported . Ben Ali had ruled the North African country since 1987 . Protests began to erupt in December after the self-immolation of a fruit vendor whose cart had been seized by police . His fiery suicide touched off a firestorm among Tunisians fed up with corruption , high unemployment and escalating food prices . Ben Ali fled the country in mid-January after a revolt that left at least 300 people dead and 700 wounded , a top U.N. human rights expert said last month . The former strongman 's political party has since been dissolved by a court order , and parliamentary elections have been scheduled for July . Earlier this month , Ben Ali said he has been unfairly portrayed and discredited by political opponents seeking to make a break with their country 's past . In a written statement released by one of his attorneys , Jean-Yves Le Borgne , Ben Ali said it was time to break his silence because he was "  tired of being made a scapegoat " and is a victim of "  injustice . "	Trabelsi was sentenced in May to a two-year term He is still to be tried as part of cases filed against Ben Ali and his relatives The former Tunisian president has been sentenced to 36 years in prison The ousted leader and his wife are living in Saudi Arabia and were tried in absentia
Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- The startling discovery that three women had been held captive for a decade inside a Cleveland home has answered key questions from their families and raised a slew of others . Here are some of the most pressing : What was life like for the victims ? Ropes and chains taken as evidence from the modest , two-story home on Seymour Avenue where the women were held were used to restrain the women , Police Chief Michael McGrath told NBC 's "  Today . " "  We have confirmation that they were bound , " he said . But Public Safety Director Martin Flask said it was not clear what they were used for . Victor Perez , chief assistant prosecutor for Cleveland , announced Wednesday that charges against Ariel Castro include four counts of kidnapping -- one each for Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and a 6-year-old girl who was born to Berry in captivity . Those charges also address the question of whether the women were sexually abused . Castro , 52 , faces three counts of rape , Perez said , adding that a grand jury could later indict him on additional charges . Two of Castro 's brothers who also were arrested after the women 's escape Monday evening will not be charged , according to the prosecutor . Perez said "  there is no evidence these two individuals had any involvement . " As to the victims , two of them returned home Wednesday . But they have not made public statements as they seek to be reacquainted with family and friends . The interior of their prison was unremarkable , according to Tito DeJesus . The sometime bandmate of the homeowner , suspect Ariel Castro , said he entered the house about two years ago to to help deliver a washer and dryer and saw "  a normal environment . " "  It did n't seem to be a place where women were being held against their will , " he said . "  Of course , mind you , I did n't go throughout the entire house . I was just at the beginning of the house , in the living room , but it seemed normal . " The one-bathroom house has a living area of 1,436 square feet , with a living room inside the front door , a dining room and a kitchen on the ground floor , according to Cuyahoga County records . The four bedrooms are all on the second floor . Because the ground is sandy and loose in the area , basements in the area tend to be smaller than the footprints of the houses above , which are usually damp and cold in the winter . The basement of the house , which was built in 1890 and renovated in 1956 , is not finished . Timeline : From missing to liberated How did their years of captivity go unnoticed ? Looking back on it , would police or neighbors done anything differently to increase the chances of discovering the imprisoned women ? And was Monday 's escape by Berry the first time in a decade that any of the women had been able to signal anyone in the neighborhood about their plight ? Some neighbors of Ariel Castro have second-guessed themselves , asking if they could have prevented the horrors had they noticed details that now seem out of place . For example , neighbor Daniel Marti -- who has described Castro as an "  outgoing person , very nice guy " -- asked why he did n't question why the single man frequently carried bags full of McDonald 's food into the house where he appeared to live alone , or why he frequently steered conversation away from it . "  Now that I think of it , he did n't want nobody back there , " said Marti , who said he has known Ariel Castro since junior high school and lived near him for some 22 years . Neighbors Israel Lugo and Nina Samoylicz told CNN that they had called police in recent years to report separate incidents at the home . Samoylicz said she and others saw a naked woman in the home and called police . Faliceonna Lopez , Samoylicz 's sister , told a different version Tuesday night on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " She said after seeing the woman , they told their mother , not police . The mother , Annita Lugo , told Morgan that she did n't call police , either . Another neighbor , Israel Lugo -- Annita Lugo 's brother -- says he called police in 2011 when he heard yelling in the Castro home . Officers left when no one answered the door , Lugo says . If neighbors ' accounts were true and the police really heard screaming and simply knocked on the door and left when no one answered , then "  law enforcement clearly dropped the ball , " attorney Lisa Bloom told CNN . "  It was almost like a Keystone Cops situation , " prominent attorney Mark Geragos added . "  There 's got to be much more to this story . " Cleveland officials denied claims that they had called police to report suspicious activity at the home . "  Media reports of multiple calls to the Cleveland Police reporting suspicious activity and the mistreatment of women at 2207 Seymour are false , " spokeswoman Maureen Harper said in an e-mailed statement . Other officials said call records contained no evidence that neighbors had called police to report unusual activity at the home . Police say they went to the address once in 2000 , before the abductions , when Castro reported a fight outside his home , and in 2004 , after two of the three women had disappeared . The latter visit was to investigate a complaint that Castro had left a child alone on the bus he was to have been driving . No one answered the door at the home , and investigators later interviewed him elsewhere , police say . Are there more victims ? Police have used at least one cadaver dog to search for human remains ; they said they have so far found none . They also have said they want to know whether there could be any additional victims in the case . Investigators had speculated that the disappearances of Berry , DeJesus and another girl , Ashley Summers , may have been connected . Summers ' family last saw her in July 2007 , when she was 14 . Now the Summers family is hoping that the Cleveland investigation will yield information about Ashley , her aunt , Debra Summers , said . "  We 're hoping for a miracle , " she said . An FBI spokeswoman said investigators will question the women found Monday in hopes of learning something about Summers ' disappearance . Tonia Adkins said she was hoping that her sister Christina was among the women who were freed Monday . Then 18 and five months pregnant , Christina Adkins disappeared in 1995 while walking toward her boyfriend 's house on the same block where one of the Castro brothers lived and a few streets away from where the other women were last seen , she said . "  She was going home for the night and she disappeared , " she said . "  We just really want to find out where she is and is she OK . " Most missing person cases of such duration end badly , according to authorities . According to court documents , Ariel Castro 's former wife accused him of repeatedly abusing her , including breaking her nose twice , breaking two ribs , dislocating her shoulder twice and knocking out a tooth . Grimilda Figueroa also accused Castro of causing a blood clot on her brain , according to the 2005 documents . A judge granted a protection order but lifted it three months later after court delays and hearings Castro did not attend , according to the documents . Ishmael Figueroa , Grimilda 's father , told CNN that when Ariel Castro and his daughter moved into the house on Seymour Avenue , Ariel Castro would not let let any other family members enter the home . After the couple broke up , his daughter moved back with her parents and said she never wanted to talk about Castro , Figueroa said . She died last year at age 48 , according to Social Security records . Ariel Castro 's uncle Julio also recalled his nephew 's messy breakup . Castro seemed to live alone after that , except for occasional visits by , among others , his two brothers . He also had grandchildren -- at least five , he 'd recently noted on Facebook . Some news outlets have reported that at least one of the three women gave birth more than once during their years in captivity . Those news outlets cited unnamed sources . Investigators have not publicly confirmed or denied those assertions , saying it will take time to piece together a complete picture of what happened inside the house .	NEW : Ariel Castro is charged with kidnapping , rape ; his brothers are not Ropes , chains removed from Cleveland house , but the women have not commented Neighbors say they reported suspicious activity , but police deny those calls were made
CNN  -- The mosque in Roxbury was crowded past capacity , with about 1,200 college students , urban hipsters and East Africans lining the hallways and front stairs . They wanted to hear Imam Suhaib Webb , resident scholar of the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center and widely considered one of the country 's most influential Muslims , respond to Sam Harris and Bill Maher , who recently called Islam the "  mother lode of bad ideas " and compared Muslims to the Mafia . The lanky , blue-eyed imam , a convert originally from Oklahoma , is known for tackling taboo topics and spicing his sermons with pop culture references . Before Friday 's sermon , the last time the Roxbury mosque had been this crowded , Webb said , was when he preached about the finale of "  Breaking Bad . " On the Sunday after his sermon , Webb , who has extensive training in classical Islamic learning , answered religious questions on Twitter about "  The Walking Dead . " Instead of attacking Maher and Harris , though , Webb challenged his fellow Muslims . "  It 's code red , " he preached last Friday , pounding the minbar for emphasis . "  People do not like us , and we need to get with it ! " "  One day we 're attacked by Fox News , the next day we 're attacked by Muslims who actually pay to have Facebook ads about us , " Webb said . "  I mean , that 's the level of attacks that we 're dealing with as a community and as a people . One brother told me , like what 's going to happen next ? It 's like a soap opera . " Webb himself has been subject to some of those attacks , as conservative media outlets have sought to tie him to Alton Nolen , an Oklahoma man accused of beheading a co-worker , and the Tsarnaev brothers , suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing . Webb said he never met the three men . "  It 's guilt by nonassociation , " he said with a sardonic laugh . At one point during his sermon last Friday , a man interrupted to argue that Muslims should n't care about what others say about them . But when even avowed liberals like Maher and Harris lash out against Islam , Webb said , then it 's time to worry . "  The last bastion of support we 'll find in this country are among the liberals and some moderately conservative people , " Webb said . "  What happened on that show that night was to challenge that community and its traditional support of religious minorities in this country , and if we do n't think that 's something we should be worried about , then basically we are building our own coffins . " Those are strong words , Webb acknowledged in a phone interview after his sermon , which was posted on YouTube last Friday . But necessary ones for American Muslims , who find themselves caught between Islamophobes and Islamists like ISIS , he said . "  No community survives that fails to identify itself , " Webb said , "  and right now the rhetoric and the perception of the Muslim community , whether we believe it or not , is not very good . " Instead , American Muslims frequently find themselves judged by how Islam is practiced overseas : stories about the group calling itself Islamic State , death sentences in Sudan , and restricted rights for women in Saudi Arabia . "  What is constantly invoked is that Muslims are bad because of what is happening overseas , or Muslims are good because of what is happening overseas , " Webb said . "  In other words , we are being measured and weighed and determined by events that are completely outside of our hands . " Webb challenged Muslims to assert control of their image in three ways : by forging an American-Islamic identity , building institutions and shifting away from the view that male scholars have the final view on the faith . "  We need to appreciate the value of being seen as trusted ... that 's the key to having a license to speak about religion , " Webb said . "  It 's a beautiful thing in this country : that if you want to talk about God , you have to be someone who has a certain type of character . " You can view Webb 's full sermon here . In addition to his role as resident scholar at Boston 's Islamic society , he is also founder of the Ella Collins Institute .	Bill Maher and Sam Harris set off a fierce debate about Islam Instead of attacking critics , one imam challenged American Muslims Imam himself has been under attack from conservatives
CNN  -- Amid the rubble , you see a child 's toy , clothing , furniture , family photographs . Homes that once sheltered families now ripped open , their insides spilling out like intestines . These haunting images were captured in Aleppo in June by Italian photographer Matteo Rovella . While many photographers concentrate on the faces of Syria 's brutal conflict , Rovella saw another side : what happens when a person 's private space becomes ripped open by war . "  You see such scenes , and you imagine the moment when people had to escape from the rooms , " he said . "  I imagine the people who must run away -- or die . " Rovella had visited several camps on both sides of the Syria-Turkey border in early 2013 . Thanks to a friend in the city keeping him up to date with events , he decided in June to head to the Syrian city of Aleppo , which has been ravaged in fighting between government and rebel fighters . Syrians take steps toward healing After organizing a car ride with a man from the Free Syrian Army , the main opposition rebel force , he crossed the border from Turkey . Many journalists choose to enter with the rebels for better access and less censorship than with the Syrian government , he said . The trip to Aleppo involved nerve-jangling encounters with armed checkpoints and constant fear of discovery . Just carrying a camera was dangerous , he said , particularly since the abduction of several foreign journalists in the country . "  There are many independent armed gangs , and they could stop you , rob you , kidnap you and in the worst case , kill you . " When he arrived in Aleppo and began to work , photographing and interviewing Free Syrian Army fighters and local residents , he saw much of the city 's precious historical monuments damaged or destroyed and neighborhoods smashed to pieces . At one point , while he was interviewing a local rebel commander , a mortar wheeled overhead , slamming into two fighters less than 100 meters from him . "  It was horrible . And strange , as it felt like I was not there , maybe because of the camera creating distance , just working inside my  camera  viewer , " he said . "  In truth , of course , you are very much there , and you 're risking your life . " After a few days , Rovella began documenting the devastation through a series of evocative images of abandoned and destroyed homes that had been attacked over the course of the conflict . Almost all the people he met over the course of his visit had lost part or all of their homes . "  It 's something like still-life photography , but you can see inside the homes tensions and fear , the moments of violence , how you were obligated to leave your things , your home , your life and go away , maybe to not come back . " Nearly 700 killed in Syria rebel infighting It was dangerous work . Many of the buildings are now lookout points for the Free Syrian Army and targeted by government attacks . He often found himself sprinting with rebel fighters from one building to the next . "  I was walking through buildings and taking pictures very fast , " he said . "  But I tried to do it in an artistic way . " Now back in Italy , he feels that the images of abandoned buildings show how the calm of everyday home life can suddenly , terribly , be shattered forever . "  It is a way to sensitize people to the war , " he said of his images . "  I think my testimony could be a little piece more to help the Syrians . A very tiny piece of help . "	Italian photographer spent six weeks in Aleppo documenting impact of Syria 's conflict Matteo Rovella wanted images to convey impact of violence that forced people to escape "  I was ... taking pictures very fast , but I tried to do it in an artistic way , " he said
CNN  -- Former Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno may have played a greater role than previously known in a decision made by university officials not to report a 2001 incident involving former coach Jerry Sandusky and a boy in a locker room shower , according to e-mails written by university officials . CNN does not have the e-mails , but the alleged contents were made available to CNN . A jury last month convicted Sandusky , 68 , the Nittany Lions ' former defensive coordinator , on multiple charges of sexual abusing 10 boys over a period of 15 years . At Sandusky 's trial , former Penn State graduate assistant Mike McQueary testified he believed he saw sexual contact between Sandusky and a boy in the shower and told Paterno in February 2001 . Disturbing e-mails could spell more trouble for Penn State officials Paterno , a revered Penn State icon who died in January , testified before a grand jury that when he learned about the situation , he contacted his then-boss , athletic director Tim Curley , as required and left it up to the university to investigate . In court documents , prosecutors state they have e-mails from university officials that allegedly contradict grand jury testimony of Curley and Penn State vice president Gary Schultz , who oversaw campus police . The alleged e-mails , the contents of which were first reported by CNN , were among other documents , including a Sandusky file , discovered by Penn State and turned over to state prosecutors as part of ongoing investigations , according to both Penn State and prosecutors . One of the newly revealed alleged e-mails appears to show Paterno had another , previously undisclosed conversation with Curley about the shower incident . On February 26 , Penn State 's vice president told Curley , the athletic director , to contact Sandusky , alert child welfare authorities and inform Second Mile , the charity Sandusky founded for disadvantaged children , a purported e-mail says . After Curley spoke with Paterno , however , the athletic director allegedly told the school president that he had changed his mind about the best course to pursue . "  After giving it more thought and talking it over with Joe yesterday -- I am uncomfortable with what we agreed were the next steps , " he purportedly wrote the following day . Instead of alerting authorities , Curley allegedly wrote , he would prefer meeting with Sandusky , telling him they knew about another incident in 1998 , and offering him professional help . He suggests notifying the Second Mile "  at some point " if Sandusky is cooperative , and "  maybe " child welfare officials . If Sandusky did not cooperate , Curley suggested notifying both Second Mile and child welfare . How the case unfolded How much the purported conversations between Paterno and Curley influenced the decision not to contact outside agencies , something Penn State was required to do under state law , is unclear . An internal Penn State investigation headed by former FBI Director Louis Freeh also has turned up billing records from Penn State officials to the university 's outside council around the time of the 2001 incident showing Penn State was "  researching its legal obligations " for reporting the assault , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The results of Freeh 's investigation are expected before the end of the summer . Asked whether Penn State had any comment on the alleged e-mails , school spokesman David La Torre said the university and board of trustees are "  reserving comment " until after Freeh 's report is released . Wick Sollers , a lawyer for the Paterno family , issued a statement following CNN 's disclosure of the purported e-mails . "  Some number of e-mail exchanges between former Penn State officials have apparently been leaked to the media . Since the Paterno family is not in possession of these e-mails , it would be inappropriate to comment on their supposed content , " the statement said . "  To be clear , the e-mails in question did not originate with Joe Paterno or go to him as he never personally utilized e-mail . " Sollers noted that Paterno , "  from the beginning ... warned against a rush to judgment in this case . Coach Paterno testified truthfully , to the best of his recollection , in the one brief appearance he made before the grand jury . As he testified , when informed of an incident involving Jerry Sandusky in 2001 , Coach Paterno followed university procedures and promptly and fully informed his superiors . He believed the matter would be thoroughly and professionally investigated and he did not interfere with or attempt to compromise any investigation . " Monday , Sollers released another statement , calling on Freeh and the Pennsylvania attorney general to release all e-mails and records they have related to the case . The "  selective " leaking of e-mails "  is not intended to inform the discussion but to smear former Penn State officials , including Joe Paterno , " said Sollers . "  The public should not have to try and piece together a story from a few records that have been selected in a calculated way to manipulate public opinion . Joe Paterno did n't fear the truth , he sought the truth . His guidance to his family and his advisors was to pursue the full truth . This is the course we have followed for 9 months . It is the course we will follow to the end , " he said . Painful chapter closes with Sandusky 's conviction Paterno testified to the grand jury that McQueary was "  very upset " when relating the incident and told him that he saw Sandusky "  doing something with a youngster . It was a sexual nature , " according to a transcript . Paterno said he told Curley . Attorneys for Schultz and Curley issued a statement on their behalf . "  For Curley , Schultz , Spanier and Paterno , the responsible and ` humane ' thing to do was , like Governor  Tom  Corbett , to carefully and responsibly assess the best way to handle vague , but troubling allegations , " the attorneys said in a statement to CNN on Friday . "  Faced with tough situations , good people try to do their best to make the right decisions . " Paterno and Spanier were ousted from their jobs after the Sandusky scandal broke in November . When Paterno was fired , the university 's board of trustees questioned his leadership for not doing more . Schultz had retired in 2009 . Paterno family spokesman Dan McGinn told CNN the coach 's final guidance to him before Paterno died was "  to seek the truth " and due process for everyone involved . Calls to Spanier 's lawyer have not been returned . Curley and Schultz have pleaded not guilty to charges of perjury and failing to report suspected child abuse . It 's not known when the Pennsylvania attorney general 's office will complete its ongoing investigation of what Penn State knew about the 2001 incident and how it was handled . Mourning Joe Paterno , a flawed hero CNN 's Dana Garrett and Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .	Penn State officials failed to report a 2001 incident involving Jerry Sandusky E-mails suggest Joe Paterno may have played a role in that decision Paterno died in January ; the family attorney says Paterno never interfered with probe Source : Penn State was researching its legal obligation to report incident
Washington  CNN  -- Thomas Jefferson famously wrote about the wall of separation between church and state . He did n't mention separating church and politics , but everybody knows it 's a sticky wicket . On Friday , Robert Jeffress , a Southern Baptist minister , introduced Texas Gov. Rick Perry at at a gathering of social conservatives , calling Perry a genuine follower of Jesus Christ , as opposed to another candidate Jeffress could and did mention in a later interview . "  I think Mitt Romney is a good , moral man , but I think those of us who are born-again followers of Christ should always prefer a competent Christian to a competent non-Christian like Mitt Romney , " Jeffress told CNN 's Jim Acosta . Read more : Perry 's minister problem ? Romney is a Mormon and he has passed this way before : Four years ago , the first time he ran for president , he made a speech to address concerns , rumors , and political analysis of his religion in a speech . "  I believe in my Mormon faith and I endeavor to live by it . Some believe that such a confession of my faith will sink my candidacy . If they 're right , so be it . " Asked about the controversy on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday , Romney 's Republican presidential rivals took a pass . "  I 'm not running for theologian in chief , " businessman Herman Cain said . "  I 'm a lifelong Christian , and what that means is one of my guiding principles for the decisions I made is I start with , do the right thing . I 'm not getting into that controversy . " Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann called the issue "  so inconsequential . " Asked if she was concerned that people might think she was dodging the question , Bachmann said , "  I think , again , to make this a big issue is just ridiculous right now , because every day I 'm on the street talking to people . This is not what people are talking about . " Asked the same question , Cain had a similar answer . "  If that 's what it looks like , I 'm dodging it , because it 's not going to help us boost this economy , and you know that that 's my No. 1 priority , " he said . Many things sank Romney 's candidacy in 2008 . Religion may have been one of them . Explain it to me : Mormonism Ron Brownstein , editorial director of the National Journal , points out that Romney ran poorly among evangelical Christians , especially in the South , in 2008 . "  In all the Southern states , he never topped out above 20 % of the votes among evangelical Christians ; only 11 % in the critical state of South Carolina , " Brownstein said . In all , 45 % of Republicans who vote in primaries are conservative evangelical Christians . They are far less a factor in a general election . For Romney 's rivals , this requires straddling a line -- you do n't want to alienate a huge part of the primary vote , nor do you want to look intolerant .	GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney 's Mormon faith is once again under the microscope Influential Baptist preacher calls Romney a "  competent non-Christian " unlike Rick Perry Romney ran poorly among evangelical Christians , especially in the South , in 2008
CNN  -- Diego Milito scored the only goal as Inter beat Milan 1-0 in the San Siro derby , a result that threw open the Italian Serie A title race after the top three teams all failed to win on Sunday . After leaders Juventus and third-placed Udinese both struggled in earlier matches , defending champions Milan knew victory over their city rivals in the evening kick-off would send them two points clear at the top of the table . And Milan nearly took the lead on the stroke of halftime when Mark van Bommel 's strike crashed against the crossbar with goalkeeper Julio Cesar well beaten . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? Inter made the most of that stroke of good fortune and Argentine forward Milito scored the only goal nine minutes after the break . Milan defender Ignazio Abate slipped as he attempted to clear Javier Zanetti 's cross and Milito was on hand to stroke the ball home . Inter 's victory consolidated fifth place , but just six points separate the top five teams after 18 games . The defeat left Milan a point behind Juventus , who remained top and unbeaten after a 1-1 draw at home to mid-table Cagliari . A superb team move resulted in striker Mirko Vucinic tapping home the opener for Juve after just seven minutes , but the Sardinian visitors leveled early in the second half through Andrea Cossu 's long-range strike . Udinese dropped two points behind Milan after slipping to a 3-2 defeat at Genoa . Damiano Ferronetti headed Udinese into the lead but quick-fire goals from Andreas Granqvist and Bosko Jankovic gave Genoa the advantage early in the second half . Rodrigo Palacio added a third before Antonio Di Natale pulled a goal back from the penalty spot after Genoa captain Marco Rossi had been sent off . Goals from Brazilian midfielder Hernanes and veteran Germany striker Miroslav Klose gave Lazio a 2-0 home win over Atalanta , putting the Rome club five points behind Juve in fourth position .	Diego Milito scores the only goal as Inter beat Milan 1-0 in the San Siro derby The result opens up the Serie A title race with just six points between the top five Juventus and Udinese fail to win but Lazio close gap with 2-0 victory over Atalanta
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban fighters kidnapped 50 people -- including police officers -- in northeastern Afghanistan on Sunday , police said . The officers were among a group of people in four vehicles traveling in the Chapa Dara district , said Kunar province Police Chief Khalilullah Zaiyee . The captured were unarmed and on leave , he said . A Taliban spokesman said there were no civilians among the group captured . "  We have got documents and evidence that shows all the 50 captured people are policemen and they have also  confessed  during the investigations too , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told CNN . "  We will take a decision about the captured policemen according to the situation and enemies ' actions . " Mujahid described an earlier incident in a nearby area when another group of captured police officers were released from Taliban control after pledging not to work for the government again . Police were working with province elders and religious scholars to negotiate the group 's release , Zaiyee said .	NEW : A Taliban spokesman claims all those captured are police The officers are unarmed and on leave , a police chief says Police are working with province elders to negotiate the group 's release Their capture is in Kunar province 's Chapa Dara district
CNN  -- Sony has uncovered a file that could link Anonymous , the highly visible renegade hacker group , to a breach that led to the theft of personal information for as many as 101 million people , the company wrote in a letter to the U.S. Congress . During the investigations , which have gone on for two weeks so far with many online networks offline , Sony discovered a file on its system named Anonymous that contained the group 's sort of catchphrase , "  We are Legion , " wrote Kazuo Hirai , the Sony Computer Entertainment president and America division chairman . The file was found on a server managed by Sony Online Entertainment , a subsidiary that makes online multiplayer games for the computer and PlayStation 3 . Sony Online originally thought it was unaffected by the intrusions that hit sister companies , but investigators found that its data , too , was taken during the two-day attack last month . Sony Online , which sells subscription-based games such as "  EverQuest " and "  DC Universe Online , " took its systems offline Monday morning at 4:38 a.m. ET and disclosed the intrusion later that day , a spokeswoman said . The Anonymous file was discovered on Sunday , after Sony found that data had been taken from Sony Online 's servers , but she declined to say why the company did n't initially mention the file . Anonymous has gained international notoriety over the last several years for its computer-security attacks on major companies . The group has gone after MasterCard , Visa , the Church of Scientology and government websites for Tunisia and Egypt . Many of the targets are chosen for political or philosophical reasons . Sony found itself in Anonymous ' crosshairs early last month in retaliation for suing two people who were distributing instructions showing how to hack a PlayStation 3 game system . Hirai said in his letter that Anonymous members collaborated to overload Sony 's servers , a practice of constantly pinging a Web address called a denial of service attack . "  You have abused the judicial system in an attempt to censor information on how your products work , " a representative for the group wrote in a public letter to Sony posted on its website . "  In doing so you have violated the privacy of thousands of innocent people who only sought the free distribution of information . " Now Sony is suggesting Anonymous helped facilitate the theft of millions of people 's private data . "  This cyberattack came shortly after Sony Computer Entertainment America was the subject of denial of service attacks launched against several Sony companies and threats made against both Sony and its executives , " Hirai wrote in the response to a congressional inquiry . "  Whether those who participated in the denial of service attacks were conspirators or whether they were simply duped into providing cover for a very clever thief , we may never know . " Anonymous posted an update to its website after Sony shut down its PlayStation Network and Qriocity media streaming service , titled "  For Once We Did n't Do It . " The statement read : "  While it could be the case that other Anons have acted by themselves AnonOps wa  sic  not related to this incident and takes no responsiblity  sic  for it . " Sony says it is working with the Federal Bureau of Investigations and security experts to analyze the situation . They have n't yet identified the people responsible for the breach , Hirai wrote .	Sony says it found a file linking the Anonymous hacker group to a recent attack The file , containing the group 's sort of calling card , was allegedly left on Sony 's server Anonymous denies involvement with the intrusion that resulted in Sony going offline
CNN  -- World number one Caroline Wozniacki enjoyed the perfect preparation for the French Open as she beat Chinese star Shuai Peng Saturday to win the WTA tournament in Brussels . Wozniacki will be aiming to win her first grand slam title at Roland Garros and warmed up with a 2-6 6-3 6-3 victory in the final to claim her 16th career title . The Dane also beat reigning French Open champion Francesca Schiavone in three sets in the semifinals and now heads to Paris where she faces Japanese veteran Kimiko Date-Krumm in her first round match . "  It 's my fourth title of the season . I was pleased with the way I played and fought today , " Wozniacki told the official WTA website . "  Now I 'm looking forward to Roland Garros -- I think I play on Monday , but I 'll be ready . " Peng had beaten number two seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia in her semifinal but was unable to make the most of her strong start as she took the first set . Wozniacki 's victory came after two hours 35 minutes as she wrapped up her first title on red clay . Meanwhile , hosts Germany won a record fifth ATP World Team Cup title on Saturday as they beat defending champions Argentina 2-1 in the final in Dusseldorf . Philipp Kohlschreiber partnered Philipp Petzschner as they gained a 6-3 7-6 win over Juan Ignacio Chela and Maximo Gonzalez in the deciding doubles . Chela had earlier drew Argentina level with a 6-4 7-6 win over Kohlschreiber after Germany 's Florian Mayer had earlier scored a straight-sets 7-6 6-0 win over Juan Monaco . "  This title is very special for us and to play in a team like this is always great fun , " Kohlschreiber told AFP .	Caroline Wozniacki wins Brussels title ahead of French Open World No. 1 beats Shuai Peng in three sets in final to claim 16th career crown Germany win men 's World Team Cup with a 2-1 win over Argentina
CNN  -- Paul O'Neill , who was appointed treasury secretary in 2001 by President Bush , says the federal government is not doing enough to fix the U.S. financial system . Former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill says he 's hoping for a "  V-shaped " recession . O'Neill appeared on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " on Sunday to talk about his outlook on the recession and what the Treasury Department should demand of major financial institutions in order to get the U.S. economy back on track . Following is an edited transcript of their conversation . Fareed Zakaria : Looking at the current economic crisis , do you think there is any prospect of what people call a "  V-shaped recession , " that is , a quick recovery ? Or are we in for a long , perhaps years of sluggish growth , what economists call an "  L-shaped recession " ? Paul O'Neill : You know , I 've got to tell you , I 'm praying for a V - shape . But I 'm one who does n't believe we 're going to start moving back up until there is a credible fix for our financial system . And I think , in spite of all of the things that have been done now by the federal government , we 're not quite there . If I were secretary , I would do this . I would order the 19 major financial institutions to put on the Internet the classifications of their assets by investment grade rating , beginning with AAAs down through BBB-minuses , which is the final level of investment grade ratings . And for those parts of their asset holdings that ca n't be rated investment grade -- or , in fact , as they say , ca n't be valued or ca n't be fairly valued -- I would create a new device which I call a "  quarantine account . " One could make a judgment about the value of these institutions , and the institutions could make a self-judgment , about how much more lending capacity they had , if the quarantined assets are set aside . Watch O'Neill offer his advice to Obama administration " Zakaria : The basic idea -- the basic proposal you 're making is transparency . Let everyone understand what 's on the banks ' books . O'Neill : Right . Zakaria : Is n't that a lot like Tim Geithner 's stress test ? O'Neill : Well , I do n't think so . Let me ask you a question . How do you think it 's possible to do a so-called "  stress test , " if 30 or 40 percent of the assets in the institution ca n't be valued ? Here 's another plea I have : If you ca n't value the assets , please do n't buy them with my money . Zakaria : You mean the government should n't be buying these toxic -- these assets . So you think the Treasury Department 's proposals so far are all wrong . I mean , it sounds like you think they 're doing all of the wrong things . O'Neill : Well , you know , excuse me , but I 'm not one who cares much for the notion of separating the idea of the government as some disembodied entity that has a life independent of me . The money that they 're committing and spending is at least in part mine . I 'm a substantial taxpayer , and I do n't want my representative to buy assets with my money that I would n't buy . Why would I want to do that , Fareed ? Why should we want them to do that ? Zakaria : But this is a pretty frontal assault then on the Treasury 's bank plan so far . O'Neill : Well , you know , I do n't mean to be offensive to this administration or the last one , but it seems to me , if you 're an intelligent investor , you invest in things where there is truth and transparency . And you have a shot , if you 're a good leader , at earning the cost of capital and maybe even something more . And I think that basic principle ought to apply to how our government thinks about what it 's doing in the name of "  we , the people . " You know , I really do n't like this idea that somehow the government can do things that intelligent people would n't do , and we do n't notice . Zakaria : One of the other things the government is doing is running up large deficits . There 's this large fiscal expansion . Now , you were opposed to the Bush tax cuts , because of your concern about what they would do to the deficit . At that time , the deficit projection was $ 500 billion , and to you that seemed just too much . The deficit projections now are going to be in the $ 1.75 trillion range . There are many people who say , you know what , this is that once-in-a-75-year moment where the government has to spend money because nobody else is spending money . Do you buy that ? O'Neill : I think , honestly , I 'm not so much worried about the stimulus and its components as I am about what I consider to be an essential job -- to get a floor under the financial system , so that we can go back to economic growth in this country and around the world , because there is no hope until we do that . There 's not enough ink in the printing presses at the Federal Reserve to print enough money to fill the void created by the absence of real economic growth in our society and around the world . Zakaria : When you were treasury secretary , you were famously suspicious of the financial sector . I mean , you thought there was a little too much attention being paid to it . You looked around at all those Bloomberg screens in the Treasury Department and said , you know , what do these guys make ? In a way , reflecting your background in Alcoa . Do you look at this unraveling and feel like the financial sector and the financial system got overweight and fat ? I mean , what happened here ? O'Neill : We had a whole lot of people who were the public face of all of this financial activity that got ever more exotic . And I think , in truth , very few of them understood the detailed business activity that was going on underneath them . They were all kind of floating up here in the ether . And I think it 's true , if you listen to the commentary , even today , what some of these people are saying , they had no idea what was going on . It just felt really good , and it seemed like they were making a lot of money . Zakaria : And do you think that , on the bank issue , are you hopeful that Geithner may , when he unveils the plan , have some of the components that you 're suggesting ? Or is it your sense they 're just headed in the wrong direction ? O'Neill : You know , show us the money . Let us see for ourselves . If I was buying a company , I would not put up with someone else giving me a certification that the assets were worth something . I 'd go and look in the boiler room and find out if there 's rust on the valves . You know , we 're talking about providing the wherewithal for intelligent investors to make decisions that they can rely on the facts . And I think the administration has n't gotten to the point yet of insisting that the big 19 financial institutions put their facts on the table , and for that matter , a place like General Electric put all of its facts on the table , so investors can make an informed decision . I 've said this to some people , and they 've said -- some of them have said , "  We 'd be happy to do that , and we would be OK with that . " Some other major financial institutions have said , "  Oh , my God , if we did that , people would see how bad it really is . " I think knowing how bad it really is , is the only way we 're going to create a foundation for going forward , Fareed .	U.S. should demand major financial institutions come clean , ex-Treasury chief says "  There is no hope " until U.S. stabilizes financial system , O'Neill says O'Neill : Many people in the financial sector "  had no idea what was going on "
Paris  CNN  -- France 's interior minister admitted Monday that lapses in security made it possible for Greenpeace activists to gain entry to a nuclear power plant southeast of Paris . Interior Minister M. Claude Gueant said there have been lapses in the nuclear plant 's security system and has ordered a search of all nuclear plants , a spokesman for the ministry told CNN . The environmental activist group said on its website that members gained entry to the plant at Nogent-sur-Seine at dawn and managed to climb the dome of one of its two reactors "  in order to spread the message : ` Safe nuclear does not exist . ' " "  This action shows how vulnerable the French nuclear centrals are : Peaceful activists have managed with a few means , to reach the heart of the nuclear central ! Why ? How ? Because the security device is insufficient , " the website stated . President Nicolas Sarkozy , during a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , called the act "  irresponsible , " but said that the government will "  absolutely publish all " of the audits related to plant security .	Interior minister has ordered a search of all nuclear plants , spokesman says Greenpeace : Action shows vulnerability of French nuclear security French president calls act "  irresponsible " but pledges transparency
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Samar Saed Abdullah 's entire body trembles as she speaks about her impending execution . She thinks of the gallows room , the noose around her neck and that moment when she will take her final breath . Samar Saed Abdullah is sentenced to die by hanging in connection with the killing of three relatives . "  My life is meaningless , " she said , choking on her tears . "  I ca n't think of anything else . The other women , we try to help each other , but we can not escape the reality that we are on death row and they can take us at any second . " The 27-year-old Iraqi woman is sentenced to die in connection with the slayings of three relatives in January 2005 . She looks pale and frail , her face sallow , her eyes bloodshot . She shakes with each sob , anxiously twisting a tissue in her hands . We first met Samar in spring 2007 , at al-Kadhimiya Women 's Prison in Baghdad . She had been on death row for about two years , and she was terrified . Watch a tearful plea from death row " "  I do n't sleep at all on Wednesdays , " she said then . "  I stay up from morning until night , because that 's the day they pick for executions . " Samar was sentenced to death by hanging for being an accessory to murder in the killings of her uncle , aunt and cousin -- slayings that she says were carried out at their home by her husband-to-be , who remains on the loose . She maintains that she is innocent , and there are disturbing questions about her conviction . Samar has now been moved a step closer to death : to Baghdad 's maximum-security prison , where there are more than 500 prisoners waiting to be executed . It 's the same facility where Saddam Hussein was hanged in December 2006 . CNN was not allowed to film her face inside the prison . During the interview , the wardens also seemed to make motions to try to stop CNN from broaching the subject of her allegation that she had only confessed under torture . The day of the killings is seared into her mind . "  I think about it every day , every hour . I wake up with it in my head , " she said . "  It 's the reason I am here . " There was a point in time when Samar was happy , when her life had meaning and joy . She had a fianc , Saif Ali Nur , in winter 2004 . "  I was so happy at the time , when he asked for my hand in marriage , " she remembered bitterly . "  I thought that he was honest , that he did not lie to me . It all happened in just two months . " At first , her family did n't approve of the romance , but they eventually relented . One day , she says , Saif duped her into taking him to her wealthy uncle 's house . He locked her in the kitchen and , she says , shot her uncle , aunt and cousin . Then , he turned the gun on her . Samar says he stole less than $ 1,000 after threatening to kill Samar and her family if she went to the authorities . The Iraqi police picked Samar up the next day , after Saif dumped her in front of her house and disappeared . "  There was nothing that made me suspect that this was a guy who would do something like this , " she said . She 's filled with regret that she fell in love with him . "  And now I am here in prison , and he is out on the streets , happy . " Her parents sold everything to pay for her defense . They swear she 's innocent . She says she was tortured by the police into confessing that she went to her uncle 's house with the intent to steal . "  They kept beating me , and they told me , ` Say whatever we want you to say , and do not say anything else , and say yes , I was an accomplice to this crime . ' Although I had nothing to do with it . Finally , they made me sign a blank piece of paper , and they filled it out afterwards . " She was tried and convicted in a single day : August 15 , 2005 . Court documents obtained by CNN read that "  the court discussed the case file with her and she said that all that she had confessed came as a result of duress and torture . " Under Iraqi law , the court should have investigated her claim that she confessed under torture . But it did not . After learning of Samar 's case from CNN , former Deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih said Tuesday he spoke with the Iraqi Presidency Council , which promised to look into the matter . He also said he had spoken separately with top Iraqi officials , including Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , and urged for a new trial . Human rights groups say Samar 's case is just one of many in which justice has failed . And they say that what makes implementing capital punishment even more disturbing is that the Iraqi judicial system does not guarantee a fair trial . Amnesty International issued a report Tuesday saying that at least 1,000 prisoners sit on Iraq 's death row and that Iraq now has one of the highest execution rates in the world . The report says Iraq 's court system does not meet international standards and that authorities "  provide very little information on executions , and some have been carried out secretly . " According to a Western official with in-depth knowledge of the Iraqi judicial system , Iraq 's judicial failures are "  rooted in the legal culture rather than the law . ... The entire legal culture remains heavily confession-based , a situation exacerbated by the frequently imperfect investigative skills of the police , judicial investigators and investigative judges . " In his years in Iraq , this official says he observed judges taking payments in exchange for certain decisions and the physical abuse of suspects , either as an end in itself or to "  encourage " confessions . "  It is my firmly held opinion that Iraq should immediately reinstate the moratorium on executions , " the official said . "  There are serious problems plaguing the administration of justice in Iraq in criminal cases , and this fact is widely acknowledged by the Iraq judges , prosecutors and defense counsel . " The U.S.-led Coalition Provisional Authority abolished capital punishment in Iraq after Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003 . But the death penalty was reinstated in August 2004 , shortly after the government was handed back to Iraqis . Iraq 's Ministry of Justice maintains that the judicial system is "  fair and just . " Local organizations like the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq have for years been fighting to get the death penalty abolished in Iraq , especially when it comes to flawed trials and women being put to death . But they struggle against a government that turns a deaf ear . "  I wish there was some kind of response . But the response is totally passive . We 've reached a degree of despair , " said Yanar Mohammed , founder of the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq . "  As a human rights organization in Iraq , we find that we need some backup from abroad to put pressure on our government as a first step to stop the executions of these women , some of whom we know are innocent . " But even as doubts surface about many convictions in Iraq , there are signs that the pace of executions is picking up . Over the past two months , Mohammed 's group says , between two and four women were executed . "  They were taken out of the extreme-protection prison , " Mohammed said . "  It is a very scary story for us , because if it starts with a few women in a jail cell ... it could happen to hundreds , thousands of people later on . " As for Samar , she does n't sleep , haunted by the image of her body that could be hanging lifeless -- plagued by the gut-wrenching fear of death that consumes her nights and most of her days . "  Every night , I stay up thinking that if tomorrow comes , who will be next ? Me ? Or my friend sitting next to me ? " She sobbed . "  I will never trust a man again . I will never love anyone again . I just want to stay with my parents . " Samar feels betrayed , both by the man she once loved and by a judicial system that is about to send her to her death . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Woman sobs about impending execution : "  I ca n't think of anything else " Samar Saed Abdullah , 27 , was convicted as accessory to murder of 3 relatives She says police coerced and tortured her into confessing Ministry of Justice maintains that judicial system is "  fair and just "
CNN  -- Facebook 's $ 2 billion purchase of startup Oculus , which makes virtual reality headsets , is bad news for small investors and Silicon Valley 's innovation ecology . The deal means we will never have the chance to own Oculus stock . This is the latest instance of a shift in the tech sector that reduces would-be investors to mere consumers . For decades , Silicon Valley 's culture was built around small startups that counted on "  going public " -- listing their shares in an initial public offering . The resulting IPO provided working capital to the founders and allowed ordinary investors to buy into the dream -- and prospect of a financial upside . Microsoft , Amazon , Yahoo and Google and others went this route . Ordinary investors could participate by holding a stake in the companies they liked . This also made it possible for a steady stream of tech upstarts to grow into independent tech giants with diverse products and services . Early employees at successful startups would then use their new-IPO wealth to depart and launch the next wave of companies . This IPO model began to erode after the dot-com bubble burst when the market became riskier . At the same time , the dot-com survivors were increasingly flush with cash and in an arms race to ensure growth . Buying early-stage companies was an easy way to gather new technologies , businesses , patents -- and top-notch entrepreneurial brains . The shift came into sharp focus in 2006 when Google bought YouTube . Founded by three PayPal employees in 2005 , YouTube was less than two years old when Google paid the then-unheard sum of $ 1.65 billion to turn it into a Google subsidiary . This was good news for Google , but we will never know what YouTube might have become had it remained independent . Sure , investors can participate by owning Google stock , but might YouTube stock have done even better if allowed to fly on its own ? Grabbing companies before they go public also impoverishes the variety of products that come to market . Imagine if Apple had been acquired in the early 1980s during its infancy by IBM or Sony ? Would there ever have been a Macintosh , iPod , iPhone or iPad ? Now that Facebook owns Oculus , will it allow users to wear their goggles when visiting virtual worlds in Second Life or watch movies from Sony Pictures ? With Nest -- acquired recently by Google for $ 3.2 billion -- will iPhone users get the same level of interaction with their home thermostat as Android users ? While some companies like Amazon have shown remarkable restraint in allowing their acquired subsidiaries to operate independently , the temptation to tweak products for differential advantage is compelling , particularly when the price tag is in the billions of dollars . Instead of an eclectic field of many companies of all sizes , the new landscape is becoming dominated by a few goliaths whose cherry-picking among the small startups all but eliminates the population of mid-sized companies with significant future IPO and innovation potential . Worse yet , employees in the acquired startups who find themselves in secure , lavishly-paid positions at companies like Facebook are less likely to strike out on their own . And even if they do manage to break out and create a new company , their focus will be on the quick kill of getting acquired by a giant in a year or two , not on embarking on the multi-year road of creating a potentially world-changing product . The future of tech sector dominated by the acquisition trend reminds me of the final scene of the movie "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " After a nail-biting , continent-spanning race to find a mystical and vastly powerful artifact , the last the audience sees of the now boxed-up Ark is its disappearance into a vast warehouse of identical crates . We know the Ark will never see the light of day again and are left to wonder at what else might be hidden and gathering dust alongside it . In the case of Oculus , we might enjoy the immersive pleasure of head-mounted displays , but even that will not be enough to keep me from wondering what might have been if Oculus , Nest and all the other startups gobbled up by giants like Facebook and Google had been allowed to grow into independent companies owned by ordinary investors like you and me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Saffo .	Paul Saffo : Facebook 's $ 2 billion purchase of Oculus is a bad deal for consumers Saffo : Tech sector is seeing a shift from IPO model to acquisition model He says it 's harmful for Silicon Valley innovation ecology if tech giants grab up startups Saffo : Imagine if Apple had been bought by IBM or Sony , would there ever be iPhone ?
CNN  -- Among all the woes of modern air travel -- cramped seating , extra charges for baggage , outrageous prices for airport food -- perhaps nothing frays the nerves of passengers faster than air turbulence . Well , brace yourself for even bumpier skies . And costlier flights . A pair of British scientists are predicting that the white-knuckle rocking and rolling at 35,000 feet is going to get worse . According to a paper published in the scientific journal , Nature , climate change will significantly increase turbulence over the North Atlantic , a popular route between North America and Europe . The report concludes that "  journey times may lengthen and fuel consumption and emissions may increase " as a result . READ MORE : CNN Business Traveller This means additional costs to airlines and , ultimately , passengers . Currently , turbulence causes about $ 150 million a year in damages to planes and other expenses , said Paul Williams , one of the report 's authors from the department of meteorology at the University of Reading . There 's a high chance overall industry costs will rise as turbulence intensifies , he said . The report is based on a study of climate model simulations that suggest changes in carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere will dramatically increase the jarring rattle , shake , shimmy and sudden drops known all too well to frequent fliers . READ MORE : What women want on the road "  We only looked at winter , as this is when the jet stream is strongest , but we will look at other seasons in the future , " said co-author Maoj Joshi , a lecturer in climate dynamics from the University of East Anglia . Study results show that the area above the North Atlantic that will experience "  significant " turbulence will double , explained Williams . "  Significant " turbulence can be classified as turbulence that would prompt a pilot to turn on the seat belt sign , he said . Joshi told CNN he expects to find similar results when the team looks at the North Pacific region , between Japan and the West Coast of the United States . So , in addition to everything else , expect to hear that "  keep your seat belt fastened " reprimand a little more often as you fly the shaky skies .	Report says passengers should brace themselves for bumpier skies and costlier flights It says climate change will increase turbulence over the North Atlantic , a popular route The report is based on a climate model simulations , impact of changes in carbon dioxide levels
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court agreed Monday to examine whether prosecutors can aggressively prosecute illegal immigrants for identity theft if they did n't know the documents they were given belonged to someone else . The Supreme Court has agreed to grapple with the issues of identity theft and illegal immigration . The justices announced they will hear arguments in the appeal of a Mexican national arrested in a government work site raid in the Midwest . A ruling is expected by June . At issue is whether people who use fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of "  aggravated identity theft . " Stealing personal identification such as Social Security numbers is illegal , but federal courts around the country are divided over how to treat people who buy them on the black market . Federal law states that for aggravated identity theft to occur , it must be proved that a person "  knowingly transfers , possesses , or uses , without lawful authority , a means of identification of another person . " Many criminals steal a person 's identification to empty his or her bank account or falsely obtain loans or credit . Lawyers for the detained illegal immigrants say their clients simply used numbers picked "  out of thin air " that happened to belong to another person . They used the numbers only to obtain work , not steal to money , the lawyers said . The Justice Department argues its prosecutors need not prove "  knowledge " that the documents belonged to someone else instead of being fabricated . The difference could mean an additional two years in federal prison under an enhanced sentence . Most workers with false papers serve only a few months behind bars , and many are then deported . At stake is the government 's crackdown on undocumented workers , most of whom must rely on fake IDs to obtain employment . Read a report from the front lines of the immigration debate The case before the justices involves Mexican immigrant Ignacio Flores-Figueroa , who worked at a steel plant in East Moline , Illinois . He was arrested with phony Social Security and alien registration cards that had been assigned to someone else . He admitted obtaining the documents but said he did not know they were someone else 's . He was convicted and sentenced to 75 months in prison . The court did not act on a similar appeal from a Mexican national who was arrested during a raid on a meat processing plant in Iowa , the largest criminal workplace enforcement operation in U.S. history . Nicasio Mendoza-Gonzalez was among 389 people arrested , most of whom were given five months in prison .	Attorneys for illegal immigrants argue their clients used random numbers U.S. says prosecutors need not prove "  knowledge " that ID belongs to someone A decision is expected by the end of June
CNN  -- It 's shaping up to be a huge week for Microsoft . On Monday , the company announced its Surface tablet platform at a hush-hush event in Los Angeles , and now Microsoft has unveiled Windows Phone 8 Apollo at its Windows Phone Summit in San Francisco . Microsoft announced eight specific platform updates for its upcoming mobile OS . We 've already covered one of the most consumer-facing updates , the new Start Screen , but other changes include hardware-related features like multi-core processor and memory card support , a revamped Internet Explorer 10 , shared native code between Windows Phone 8 and Windows 8 , NFC support , a new Wallet hub , Nokia Maps , and Windows Phone 8 for business . Many of these updates should n't come as a surprise , considering all the leaks and reports that came out in February . Nor was today 's announcement a full-fledged reveal like Apple 's iOS 6 presentation at WWDC . Microsoft says it will unveil more end-user features in the summer . But in the meantime , these platform updates are significant , and Microsoft had a lot to say about them . Here 's a deeper dive into what we can expect from Windows Phone 8 . Hardware updates As suspected , Windows Phone 8 will support multi-core chips . It 's a move that will make Windows Phone more competitive with the iPhone and Android handsets , which have been able to check off multi-core support on their spec sheets for quite a while . When they launch , Windows Phone 8 devices will run on dual-core processors , specifically those from Qualcomm . "  The experience that people have had on a single-core will get much , much better as we move to dual-core , " Joe Belfiore , manager of the Windows Phone Program , said at the event . Windows Phone 8 will also support three screen resolutions .  Windows Phone 7.5 supports just one .  The new screen resolutions include WVGA at 800  480 pixels and a 15:9 aspect ratio ; WXGA at 1280  769 and 15:9 ; and 720p at 1280  720 at 16:9 . Rounding out the hardware story , Windows Phone 8 will support microSD card expansion . Hardware manufacturers can include a microSD slot for users to easily transfer information from device to device . "  What this enables is that an end user can add a MicroSD card months after they 've bought a phone and transfer information from PC to phone , and phone to phone , " Belfiore said . "  We did n't want to deliver this feature until we could do it where it 's easy to use . " Revamped Internet Explorer 10 Microsoft showed off a new Internet Explorer browser for Windows Phone 8 . The new IE 10 features Smart Screen , an anti-phishing filter that uses data from Windows PCs to block malicious websites in real time . Belfiore showed off how IE 10 can protect users who might fall victim to scam links sent via email . IE 10 also receives a JavaScript update -- JavaScript is now four times faster than the browser in Windows PHone 7.5 , according to the company . There 's also twice as much HTML5 support . How does mobile IE 10 compare to other mobile browsers ? According to recent SunSpider scores that measures a browser 's JavaScript execution performance , IE 10 performed the best . Shared Native Code Windows Phone 8 will share native C and C++ code with Windows 8 , making it easier for developers to create apps for both platforms . It 's not something that consumers will immediately notice when they use the OS , but Microsoft hopes shared native code will lead to better , faster app development -- and thus more quality apps in Windows Phone Marketplace . "  The biggest effect this will have is we 're going to see some freaking killer games this year , " Belfiore said . At its developer summit , Microsoft continually hammered on how easy it will be for developers to port games from Windows 8 to Windows Phone 8 , and vice versa . "  Suddenly , with Windows Phone 8 with that shared core , taking an app from the PC to phone is very straightforward , " Belfiore said . In essence , native code will enable developers to write high-performance code -- which is why games are such a big deal -- and drive hardware acceleration . "  You 're going to see some beefy , powerful phones running some amazing games this year , " Belfiore said . NFC Sharing As suspected , Windows Phone 8 devices will support NFC sharing . NFC is n't a totally new technology , but it 's far from ubiquitous , so it 's interesting to see Microsoft pushing it forward . Belfiore demoed how NFC would work in a Lexus advertisement with an embedded tag -- he used the April issue of Wired magazine , actually : With a simple tap of his phone on top of the advertisement , he transferred product information directly to his Windows Phone . Also , sharing is n't limited to just phones . The new Microsoft platform supports NFC between phones , laptops , slates , and PCs . And NFC also has an important role in the next platform update ... . Wallet Experience Windows Phone 8 will feature a new Wallet hub where users can store their credit and debit card information , third-party loyalty and membership cards , and coupons and deals . It 's not unlike Apple 's iOS 6 Passbook app . But Windows Phone Wallet experience will also support NFC tap-to-pay . Yes , it 's like Google Wallet , but with one fundamental difference . All of your credit and debit card information will be stored in a secure SIM card , not in an on-device system . Google Wallet is built directly into a device , making it impossible to move your Wallet info from one device to the next , but Windows Phone has opted for a more transition-friendly option . Microsoft 's approach is also an experience that carriers prefer . But do n't get too excited just yet , as the NFC tap-to-pay capabilities wo n't be coming to the United States until next year . At launch , the capability will be limited to the France-based Orange carrier . US Windows 8 consumers , however , will still be able to access the Wallet hub as their central location for cards , third-party services , and deals . Goodbye Bing Maps , Hello Nokia Maps Say goodbye to Bing Maps . Windows Phone 8 maps will run on Nokia 's mapping technology , built directly into the onboard Maps app . There 's not too much news on this front , but this development is n't surprising considering Microsoft and Nokia 's close ties . Some key features include : Global NAVTEQ map data , offline map support , turn-by-turn directions , and map control for developers . 3-D navigation did n't make it . Windows Phone 8 for Business Microsoft has always had a strong hold on the enterprise market with Windows , and now it 's taking all of that work and pulling it together with a business-friendly Windows Phone platform . Windows Phone 8 will come with a complete security platform with Secure Boot and encryption  which is a derivative of Windows Bitlocker  . It 'll make app distribution and deployment flexible for business , offering up a mechanism for private distribution and full-on onsite management . Businesses will also be able to manage Windows Phone 8 devices through a software management system . And finally , Windows Phone 8 will run the Microsoft Office suite -- though we have yet to see how it will look in that mobile form . New Start Screen Ah , the new Start Screen . "  It 's the sexiest thing in Windows Phone 8 , " Belfiore said . And this should definitely the case for more visually motivated users . As we wrote in our story about the Start Screen and current Windows Phone devices , the new Start Screen is the most visible end-user feature of Windows Phone 8  at least that 's been announced so far  . Microsoft has taken its Live Tiles and made them more customizable , bringing a new small size to the experience . "  These live tiles are the heart and soul of the Windows Phone , " Belfiore said . "  We know that our users really love their phones , and we think the biggest reason is because Live Tiles make the phones so special and so personal . " Users will be able to choose between a small , medium and large size for their Live Tiles . And now the entire screen is available for Live Tile pinning -- the arrow and empty space on the right-hand side have dissapeared . To that end , users can pin more on their Start Screen . And of course , Windows Phone 8 and Windows 8 are coming even closer together . As Microsoft said , they 're "  better together . " "  The intent in our changing the Live Tiles support is not just to make Live Tiles more personal , but to give a more consistent experience between Windows 8 Live Tiles and Windows Phone 8 live tiles , " Belfiore said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Windows Phone 8 Apollo unveiled at Microsoft 's phone summit Newly announced features for operating system included a new start screen Phone will run on powerful dual-core processors System will also include a new Wallet hub for payments
CNN  -- Celebrity business magnate Donald Trump endorsed Mitt Romney for president Thursday , telling reporters he will not mount an independent campaign if Romney is the Republican nominee . Trump , who has repeatedly flirted with the possibility of his own White House bid , revealed his decision in Las Vegas two days before Nevada 's Saturday caucuses . "  It 's my honor , real honor , to endorse Mitt Romney , " Trump said , with Romney and his wife standing nearby . Calling Romney "  tough " and "  smart , " Trump said , "  he 's not going to continue to allow bad things to happen to this country . " Romney responded by praising Trump for "  an extraordinary ability to understand how our economy works and to create jobs " and for being "  one of the few who has stood up to say China is cheating " in international trade . It was unclear whether Trump 's decision will have any impact on the Republican race . A Pew survey last month found that 64 % of definite and likely GOP voters said an endorsement from the reality television star would make no difference to them . In the survey , 13 % said it would make them more likely to back a candidate , while 20 % said it would actually make them less likely . "  Endorsements rarely sway voters , " Republican strategist Alex Castellanos said . But "  the Trump endorsement undermines  Newt  Gingrich 's argument that it is just the Washington establishment that is out to stop him and nominate Romney . Trump is the ultimate outsider . " Trump was not always so positive regarding Romney 's record . During an interview on CNN 's "  State of the Union " in April , Trump criticized Romney for eliminating jobs while in the private sector . "  He 'd buy companies . He 'd close companies . He 'd get rid of jobs , " Trump told CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley . "  I 've built a great company . My net worth is many many times Mitt Romney . " Asked what changed since then to bring his endorsement of Romney , Trump told CNN later Thursday that his past comments were "  political talk . " "  That was a long time prior to my getting to know him , " Trump said of Romney . "  But I have gotten to know him and he 's a terrific guy . I do n't know if he really comes out like he really is in person . He 's a warm , smart , tough cookie and that 's what this country needs . We need somebody that 's tough , that will stop China and OPEC and all these other nations from just ripping us up . And i think he can do it . " Perhaps in reference to Trump 's earlier comments , Romney said Thursday after thanking Trump for the endorsement , "  I spent my life in the private sector , not quite as successful as this guy but successful nonetheless . " News of Trump 's endorsement of the Republican front-runner came as the GOP candidates stumped for votes across Nevada and Romney continued to wrestle with fallout from a CNN interview in which the former Massachusetts governor said he was n't "  concerned about the very poor . " Poll : Romney 's big lead in Nevada "  We have a safety net " for the very poor , Romney told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien on Wednesday . "  If it needs repair , I 'll fix it . I 'm not concerned about the very rich ; they 're doing just fine . I 'm concerned about the very heart of America , the 90 % , 95 % of Americans right now who are struggling , and I 'll continue to take that message across the nation . " Pressed by O'Brien , Romney noted that the poorest Americans have access to food stamps , Medicaid and housing vouchers . "  You can choose where to focus , " he said . "  You can focus on the rich ; that 's not my focus . You can focus on the very poor ; that 's not my focus . My focus is on middle-income Americans . " Romney later insisted that his words were taken out of context and reiterated the full context of the quote , which was meant to stress his focus on the middle class . "  You 've got to take the whole sentence ,  or else  it sounds very different , " he said . "  We have a safety net for the poor . ... If there are people that are falling through the cracks , I want to fix that . " The comment , however , sparked a new round of debate over an emerging narrative of Romney as a plutocrat unaware of the needs and concerns of ordinary Americans . It also evoked memories of previous controversial Romney statements , such as when he said he likes firing people who provide poor service . Gingrich hammers Romney over ` poor ' comment Romney is "  reinforcing the image of the national party that is elite  and  out of touch , " said Mark McKinnon , a former campaign adviser to George W. Bush and John McCain . "  That 's why he 's having such problems with independent voters . ... Unless the Republicans turn that around , they can not win this election . " Gingrich , the former House speaker , has blasted Romney for the remark over the past two days , declaring Wednesday that he is "  fed up with politicians in either party dividing Americans against each other . " On Thursday , Gingrich said that "  we should care about the very poor -- unlike Governor Romney . But I believe that we should care differently than Barack Obama . Both Governor Romney and Barack Obama seem to believe that a ` safety net ' is all the poor need . I do n't believe that . What the poor need is a trampoline so they can spring up and quit being poor . " Gingrich press secretary fights off Trump questions Regardless of the extent of Romney 's verbal miscue , the former governor is now the clear Republican front-runner . A national poll released Wednesday showed an immediate benefit for Romney , putting him in first place at 31 % compared to 26 % for Gingrich , 16 % for Santorum and 11 % for Paul . The Gallup daily tracking poll had Gingrich ahead of Romney after the former speaker won the January 21 South Carolina primary . Romney cemented his status as the GOP leader with an overwhelming victory in Tuesday 's Florida primary . Romney won the primary with 46 % of the vote , compared with 32 % for Gingrich , 13 % for Rick Santorum and 7 % for Ron Paul , according to the Florida Department of State . The victory gave Romney all 50 of Florida 's convention delegates and , more important , new momentum heading into a series of caucuses and primaries building up to Super Tuesday on March 6 , when 10 states will hold nominating contests . Zakaria : Why I ca n't wait for the Republican convention Gingrich 's campaign asked the Republican Party on Thursday to allocate the 50 Florida delegates on a proportional basis , rather than the winner-take-all format that gave them to Romney . In a letter to the Republican National Committee , the Gingrich campaign argued that an RNC rule says early primaries and caucuses must award delegates proportionally . However , party rules say the issue can be addressed only at the August nominating convention in Tampa , Florida . Santorum also has expressed support for Florida to change its system , but the Florida Republican Party chairman , Lenny Curry , said in a statement Thursday that wo n't happen . "  Florida was winner-take-all before election day , we were winner-take-all on election day , we will remain winner-take-all , " Curry 's statement said , adding : "  It is a shame when the loser of a contest agrees to the rules before , then cries foul after losing . " CNN 's Tom Cohen , Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser and Alyssa McLendon contributed to this report .	NEW : Trump said he previously criticized Romney before getting to know him The value of a Donald Trump endorsement of Mitt Romney is unclear Rick Santorum agrees with Newt Gingrich that Florida delegates should be proportional The Republican candidates are campaigning in Nevada , which holds its caucuses Saturday
CNN  -- Chikungunya -- a tropical disease with a funny name that packs a wallop like having your bones crushed -- has finally taken up residence in the United States . Ever since the first local transmission of chikungunya was reported in the Americas late last year , health officials have been bracing for the arrival of the debilitating , mosquito-borne virus in the United States . Just seven months after the first cases were found in the Caribbean , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported the first locally acquired case of chikungunya in Florida . Even though chikungunya is not on the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System list , 31 states and two U.S. territories have reported cases of the disease since the beginning of the year . But only Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands reported locally acquired cases . All the other cases were travelers who were infected in countries where the virus was endemic and were diagnosed upon returning to the United States . That ended Thursday , when the CDC reported a man in Florida , who had not recently traveled outside the country , came down with the illness . As of right now , the Florida Department of Health confirmed there are at least two cases . One case is in Miami Dade County and the other is in Palm Beach County . Its arrival did not surprise the chair of the Florida Keys Mosquito Control Board . "  It was just a matter of when . We are prepared in the Keys and have been prepared for some time to deal with chikungunya , " Steve Smith said . "  From what I am seeing , I 'm sure there are more cases out there that we do n't know about . It 's really a matter of time . " The CDC is working closely with the Florida Department of Health to investigate how the patient came down with the virus . The CDC will also monitor for additional locally acquired U.S. cases in the coming weeks and months . The virus , which can cause joint pain and arthritis-like symptoms , has been on the U.S. public health radar for some time . Usually about 25 to 28 infected travelers bring it to the United States each year . But this new case represents the first time that mosquitoes themselves are thought to have transferred the disease within the continental United States "  The arrival of chikungunya virus , first in the tropical Americas and now in the United States , underscores the risks posed by this and other exotic pathogens , " said Roger Nasci , chief of CDC 's Arboviral Diseases Branch . "  This emphasizes the importance of CDC 's health security initiatives designed to maintain effective surveillance networks , diagnostic laboratories and mosquito control programs both in the United States and around the world . " The virus is not deadly , but it can be extremely painful , with symptoms lasting for weeks . Those with weak immune systems , such as the elderly , are more likely to suffer from the virus ' side effects than those who are healthier . About 60 % to 90 % of those infected will have symptoms , says Nasci . People infected with chikungunya will often have severe joint pain , particularly in their hands and feet , and can also quickly get very high fevers . The good news , said Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious diseases expert with Vanderbilt University in Nashville , is that the United States is more sophisticated when it comes to controlling mosquitoes than many other nations and should be able to keep the problem under control . "  We live in a largely air-conditioned environment , and we have a lot of screening  window screens , porch screens  , " Shaffner said . "  So we can separate the humans from the mosquito population , but we can not be completely be isolated . " Mosquito-borne virus worries CDC Chikungunya was originally identified in East Africa in the 1950s . Then about 10 years ago , chikungunya spread to the Indian Ocean and India , and a few years later an outbreak in northern Italy sickened about 200 people . Now at least 74 countries plus the United States are reporting local transmission of the virus . The ecological makeup of the United States supports the spread of an illness such as this , especially in the tropical areas of Florida and other Southern states , according to the CDC . The other concern is the type of mosquito that carries the illness . Unlike most mosquitoes that breed and prosper outside from dusk to dawn , the chikungunya virus is most often spread to people by Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes , which are most active during the day , which makes it difficult to use the same chemical mosquito control measures . These are the same mosquitoes that transmit the virus that causes dengue fever . The disease is transmitted from mosquito to human , human to mosquito and so forth . A female mosquito of this type lives three to four weeks and can bite someone every three to four days . Shaffner and other health experts recommend people remember the mosquito-control basics : -- Use bug spray if you are going out , especially in tropical or wooded areas near water . -- Get rid of standing water in empty plastic pools , flower pots , pet dishes and gutters to eliminate mosquito breeding grounds . -- Wear long sleeves and pants .	The first local cases of chikungunya arrived in Florida The mosquito-borne virus creates painful arthritis-like symptoms The Florida Keys Mosquito Control Board chair says more cases likely
CNN  -- In 2013 , CNN bookworms turned to the masters . We asked our readers to vote on their top 10 favorite books of the year , and the results are filled with literary hotshots and household names . From Donna Tartt to Khaled Hosseini to Dan Brown , the titles that turn up on our list of readers ' 10 favorite books of the year are going to be familiar whether you consider yourself a big reader or not . Yet not all the spaces were taken up by the well-known greats : at least one book , "  Reconstructing Amelia , " was threatened to be overshadowed by the fall 's onslaught of heavy-hitters , but CNN readers had n't forgotten its suspenseful tale . Another surprise entry was John Green 's "  The Fault in Our Stars " which , being a 2012 release , we did n't expect to see on a list of 2013 picks . But thanks to the numerous readers who wrote in votes for the tough but engrossing novel , Green 's work shines for another year . If you missed our voting period , feel free to play along in the comments . Tell us your top 10 favorite books of the year .	CNN readers voted on their 10 favorite books of 2013 The list includes one non-fiction pick , a biography of Jim Henson One choice is actually a holdover from 2012 Dan Brown gets close to having the favorite book of the year , but not close enough
CNN  -- The pilots ' union of Lufthansa began a strike Monday after a last-ditch effort at negotiations over pay and job security failed , a spokeswoman for the airline told CNN . The four-day work stoppage by the pilots ' union of one of the world 's largest airlines threatened to disrupt travel on more than two dozen partner airlines later on Monday . Lufthansa and the pilot 's union , Vereinigung Cockpit , met over the weekend as a last-ditch effort to avoid the strike . More than 4,000 pilots walked off the job at midnight Monday  6 p.m. Sunday ET  through Thursday over protracted contract negotiations centering around pay and job security . The action by Lufthansa pilots signaled growing labor unrest across Europe . The industrial action by the pilots started the same day that British Airways cabin staff were expected to announce the outcome of its strike vote . On Wednesday in Greece , a mass public and private sector strike is being planned to protest the government 's austerity plan . Lufthansa had already canceled two-thirds of its scheduled flights Monday to Thursday ahead of the strike . The bulk of the disruptions are expected to begin later Monday since most German airports prohibit flights overnight . Still , passengers at Frankfurt Airport on Sunday were already feeling inconvenienced . "  It makes me angry because for me , normally I would  leave  on Monday morning , " said one passenger . "  Now I have to go Sunday evening and my family 's at home and I have to  return  tomorrow night with the train . So it 's uncomfortable . " "  It 's inconvenient and it 's not justified at all , " another passenger said . Company officials admitted it would have a "  heavy influence " on its international operations , which includes flights to 80 countries worldwide . Send your views and experiences to CNN iReport In 2008 , Lufthansa was the number two international carrier by passengers with 42.2 million , according to the International Air Transport Association . The threatened walkout came as the airline industry is digging out of the worst one-year drop-off in flights , according to IATA . In 2009 , revenues dropped nearly 15 percent worldwide after generating a record $ 535 billion the previous year . Passenger travel fell a record 3.5 percent and freight fell more than 10 percent , according to IATA figures . Lufthansa officials said at a news conference last Thursday it would cost the airline about $ 33 million a day . Many of Lufthansa 's pilots have been working without a contract since March and more than 90 percent of the union 's members voted to strike , said Jorg Handwerg , a pilot and representative for the union . The union sought a 6.4 percent pay increase . The union is also concerned with the airline 's recent buying spree of small regional carriers , such as BMI and Austrian Airlines which , it says , is cannibalizing flights away from union-flown routes . "  We fly less hours and have less potential for  performance-related bonuses  , " Handwerg said . "  We want to have the opportunity to grow , but instead it shrinks . " In a statement , Lufthansa said : "  In addition to demands on job security , however , the union also insisted on a greater say on fundamental entrepreneurial issues , equating to intervention in business management at the airline . That demand can not be accepted . " The airline is allowing passengers to rebook flights for tickets purchased before February 18 and plans to give German domestic passengers rail vouchers . But one Lufthansa passenger said she is having trouble reaching a compromise with the airline . "  I spent several hours on the phone with Lufthansa to try and figure out what I can do , but now I 've been told that I ca n't even get a refund , " said Ruth Winblad , who is supposed to fly Monday from Gothenburg , Sweden , to Rome , Italy . Lufthansa is one of the largest carriers on Star Alliance , a network of 26 airlines that share ticketing and routes for international travel . Travelers on Star Alliance flights are advised to check their tickets for Lufthansa flights and contact their carrier about any potential changes , said Markus Ruediger , Star Alliance spokesman . Star Alliance member airlines are : Adria , Air Canada , Air China , Air New Zealand , ANA , Asiana Airlines , Austrian , Blue 1 , BMI , Brussels Airlines , Continental Airlines , Croatia Airlines , Egypt Air , Lot Polish Airlines , Lufthansa , Scandinavian Airlines , Shanghai Airlines , Singapore Airlines , South African Airways , Spanair , Swiss , Tap Portugal , Thai Airlines , Turkish Airlines , United Airlines and U.S. Airways . Partner airlines were preparing for the strike . "  Some of our codeshare flights with Lufthansa may be affected during the period of the strike . We are in contact with Lufthansa and will be informed of the affected flights as soon as details are made available , " said Nicholas Ionides , Singapore Airlines spokesman . "  Should there be customers traveling on affected Lufthansa-operated codeshare flights , they will be contacted and re-accommodated on the best next available schedule . " A spokeswoman for Continental Airlines told CNN on Sunday that the airline will offer passengers refunds or rebook their travel if they are affected . CNN 's Kevin Voigt , Stefan Simons , Phil Han and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Estimated 4,000 pilots at German airline Lufthansa begin four-day strike The pilots union says strike focuses on pay and conditions issues The company says the union is trying to interfere in management decisions Lufthansa flies to 80 countries with its main hub being Frankfurt , Germany
CNN  Fifty years after its premiere , "  The Sound of Music " is still among millions of fans ' favorite things . The Julie Andrews film , about the von Trapp family and its "  problem " governess , Maria , is beloved enough to have spawned audience singalongs . The performers who played the von Trapp children remain close , doing joint interviews and publishing a book . The film even prompted a live NBC musical , which -- though it was roasted by critics -- still managed stupendous ratings . Of course , there remains one notable dissenter : Christopher Plummer , who has long had a grudging opinion of perhaps his most famous role . "  It was so awful and sentimental and gooey , " he told the Hollywood Reporter in 2011 . That may have been its charm . The movie , which premiered on March 2 , 1965 , went on to earn five Oscars -- including best picture -- and grossed more than $ 110 million in its initial run , equal to about $ 800 million in today 's money . That made it one of the most successful movies of all time at the box office , up there with "  Gone With the Wind , " and it was n't truly surpassed until "  The Godfather " came out in 1972 . It even helped save 20th Century Fox two years after the studio 's debacle with "  Cleopatra . " No wonder the Mad magazine parody was called "  The Sound of Money . " So , what ever happened to Liesl , Friedrich , Greta and all the rest ? Click the gallery to find out . You 'll find it 's "  Something Good . "	"  The Sound of Music " celebrates 50th anniversary on March 2 Film is widely beloved , was one of biggest hits of all time
CNN  -- The bodies of six men -- including a California educator -- were found Thursday in the north-central Mexican state of Durango , hours after they had been abducted from a nearby restaurant , the man 's relatives said Friday . "  He was needlessly and senselessly murdered , " said Carlos Salcedo , 37 , about his brother , Augustin Roberto "  Bobby " Salcedo , of El Monte , east of Los Angeles . Bobby Salcedo , 33 , had traveled with his wife to visit her family in Gomez Palacio , his brother said . They were eating in a restaurant Wednesday night when armed men barged in , forced everyone onto the floor and abducted all six men who were in the party , Carlos Salcedo told CNN in a telephone interview . At 7 a.m. Thursday , police notified his sister-in-law that they had found her husband 's body in a local ravine with bullet wounds to the head and chest , he said . "  All indications are that this was just random , a violent act , just a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time , " he told reporters in El Monte . "  What we really want to do is just shed a light on this incident and the senseless , violent acts that are happening across the border from us and really just put a spotlight on this and make sure that we find justice . " "  He was a brilliant , a bright star for our community , and he as taken from us , " said El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero of Salcedo , who served on the city school district board . "  He was stolen from us and now we need to hold them accountable for what they did . " A man who answered the phone at Gomez Palacio 's Secretariat of Protection and Roads said no one was available Friday to discuss the matter . Violence in Mexico has been heightened in recent years by drug-related disputes . The country ended 2009 with a record number of drug-related deaths , exceeding the record tally reached in 2008 , unofficial counts indicate . The government has not released official figures , but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009 . Mexican President Felipe Calderon said earlier this year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008 . The vast majority of the deaths have been among criminals , not civilians , Calderon and other Mexican officials have said repeatedly . Though the family has received no official word about whether the killing was related to drugs , "  We imagine it had something to do with it , " Salcedo 's sister , Griselda , said in a telephone interview . The siblings ' father was a Mexican laborer in the 1950s who emigrated to the United States with his wife and made home in East Los Angeles . As their family grew , "  education was a number one priority , " Carlos Salcedo said . "  Every single one of us went to university and graduated -- a bachelor 's and four master 's . " Roberto Salcedo , who was in the middle of his dissertation on educational leadership , took that a step further and was a doctoral candidate at UCLA , served on the El Monte elementary school board and worked as assistant principal at El Monte High School . Carlos Salcedo served on the high school board . When the soccer team of a high school where Roberto Salcedo had worked won a regional championship , "  he raised money to get them all championship rings " at $ 500 apiece for 30 players , Carlos Salcedo said . Among his younger brother 's legacy are former students who have gone on to become teachers in the school district , he said . And his focus on education has left an even stronger imprint on at least one former student . "  Somebody had posted on his Facebook , ` I 'm going to finish my Ph.D. in your honor , ' " Salcedo said .	NEW : Body of Augustin Roberto Salcedo found in Durango with bullet wounds to head , chest Salcedo , 33 , was abducted from restaurant with five other men during trip to visit relatives Brother tells reporters that killing appears to be case of being in wrong place at wrong time
