CANNES , France  CNN  -- A budding British director is enjoying success on a shoestring at Cannes with "  Colin , " a new zombie feature that cost a scarcely believable $ 70 to make . "  Colin " director Marc Price who spent 18 months making the film , working nights at a private car hire firm . Japanese distributors are currently in negotiations for the rights to the film and buzz around the no-budget zombie chiller has attracted interest from some major American distributors -- all of which is a very nice surprise for the team behind "  Colin . " "  We were almost fainting at the list of people who were coming -LSB- to the final market screening of the film -RSB- , " said Helen Grace of Left Films who is helping the film 's director Marc Price publicize the film in Cannes . "  Representatives from major American distributors -- some of the Hollywood studios . " "  When we say it 's a low budget film , people presume a couple of hundred thousand -LSB- dollars -RSB- . People ca n't figure out how it 's possible . What Marc 's achieved has left people astonished . " It was by advertising for volunteer zombies on social networking site Facebook , borrowing make-up from Hollywood blockbusters and teaching himself how to produce special effects that thrifty director Price was able to make the film for less than the price of a zombie DVD box set . "  The approach was to say to people , ` OK guys , we do n't have any money , so bring your own equipment , ' " the the 30 year-old director told CNN . With help from a makeshift band of friends and volunteers , Price shot and edited the feature -- which ingeniously spins the zombie genre on its head by telling the story entirely from the zombie 's perspective -- over a period of 18 months while working nights part-time as a booker for a taxi company . Online social networking was an invaluable tool in both generating buzz and cheaply sourcing the undead : "  We went on Facebook and MySpace and said ` Who wants to be a zombie ? ' " Price told CNN . "  We managed to get 50 brilliantly made up zombies and stuff them into a living room . " In keeping with Price 's beg and borrow approach , most of the zombie make-up in the make-up artists ' cases was inherited from other movies . "  One of our make-up people came off ` X-Men 3 , ' so we were having the same latex that was put on Wolverine , " he told CNN . Price says he came up with the idea to make a no-budget film because he realized that he and his friends would never be able to scrape together enough money to make even a low-budget film . "  A couple of friends were round a few years ago watching Romero 's ` Dawn of the Dead , ' recalls Price . "  And we were lamenting the fact that we could never make a zombie film -- we would n't be able to acquire a budget . " "  Then I just woke up before everyone else -- I was probably a bit hungover -- and I wondered if a zombie movie from a zombie 's perspective had been done before . " The end result is "  Colin , " a zombie film "  with a heart , " Price says , shot using production values cribbed from endless re-watching of making-of featurettes and director 's commentaries from his personal DVD collection . Zombie fan Web site zombiefriends.com called it "  as original , compelling and thought provoking as -LSB- George -RSB- Romero 's ` Night of the Living Dead , ' " while horror magazine SCARS predicted it would "  revolutionize zombie cinema . " Price hopes that the film will generate enough interest to kick-start his career and allow him to make another film . "  Hopefully we 'll be able to generate some interest and maybe try to get some kind of a budget for our next film -- maybe a bigger budget , # 100 , I do n't know . " Price 's cost-effective filmmaking may make him the envy of film executives sweating over whether their latest projects will break even , but even "  Colin " may suffer at the market : "  In a strange way it 's kind of counter-productive . " admits Price . "  Anyone involved in sales will say , ` Oh , it cost -LSB- $ 70 -RSB- , well how much do you expect us to pay for that ? ' but with the current economic climate it seems to be a great way to make movies . " So , what exactly did Price spend the famous $ 70 on ? "  We bought a crowbar and a couple of tapes , and I think we got some tea and coffee as well -- not the expensive stuff either , the very basic kind , " Price told CNN . "  Just to keep the zombies happy . "	Hollywood distributors have shown interest in zombie movie made for $ 70 Helen Grace PR for "  Colin " on the buzz around the film : "  We were almost fainting " Director Marc Price made film over 18 months while working at a taxi company What Price spent $ 70 on : "  A crowbar and a couple of tapes , some tea and coffee "
CNN  -- One of the comedians who was riding in the limo bus with Tracy Morgan during a fatal accident this weekend says the actor ended up unconscious on top of him after the wreck , CNN affiliate WABC reported Tuesday night . The station spoke with Harris Stanton , the only one of the five survivors from the limo who has been released from the hospital . The collision killed comedian James McNair , who performed under the name Jimmy Mack , and injured four others on the bus . Morgan suffered broken ribs , a broken nose and a broken leg . Stanton did n't realize the van had flipped after it was hit early Saturday on the New Jersey Turnpike . He asked a WABC reporter how many times the limo rolled . He said he was sitting facing Morgan when the accident occurred , which blindsided them because the van had no windows where they were seated . "  When it stopped , Tracy was on top of me and I did n't see anyone else , " Stanton said . "  I was just saying , ` help me , get me out of here . ' " Morgan moaned but never appeared to be conscious , he said . Stanton sustained a broken wrist and a bruised ankle . A fiancee 's plea Morgan 's fiancee , Megan Wollover , asked fans Tuesday to stop speculating about his health after false rumors that he could lose his leg surfaced . "  The concern for his well-being has been overwhelming , but Megan is respectfully asking that the media await official word through these channels before speculating  mostly inaccurately  on his condition , " Morgan 's publicist , Lewis Kay , said in a statement . "  Rumors about amputating his leg are completely fabricated . " Morgan underwent surgery for his broken leg Sunday and is likely to remain hospitalized for several weeks , Kay said Monday . There was no change in his condition -- critical but stable -- on Tuesday , Kay said . "  This recovery will be arduous and we hope that you can be patient during this difficult time , " Kay said in an earlier statement . Comedian Ardie Fuqua and Jeffrey Millea were also injured in the accident . The truck driver who police say caused the accident has been charged with vehicular homicide and assault by auto . According to a criminal complaint , Kevin Roper , 35 , had been awake for more than 24 hours at the time of the crash . He failed to notice traffic slowing in front of him and hit Morgan 's bus despite trying to swerve out of the way , police said . Roper , a driver for Walmart , posted $ 50,000 bond and was released from jail Saturday night . Walmart said in a statement that it believed Roper was operating within federal rest guidelines , but said it would take full responsibility should the investigation show its truck caused the accident . Morgan , 45 , was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years . He later received an Emmy nomination for his role in the comedy series "  30 Rock , " in which he played Tracy Jordan , an exaggerated version of himself . Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles CNN 's Kevin Conlon and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	NEW : Comedian Harris Stanton says Tracy Morgan was facing him when the accident occurred NEW : Stanton tells CNN affiliate that Morgan moaned some after the accident Stop with the rumors about Tracy Morgan 's condition , Megan Wollover says through publicist He remains in critical but stable condition , his publicist says
CNN  -- She 's the daughter of a Beatle , fashion designer of everyone from Madonna to the British Olympic team , recipient of a medal from Queen Elizabeth , and counts Kate Moss among her friends . From all appearances , Stella McCartney 's life has been a charmed one -- not that she necessarily sees it that way . Fame has followed the second child of Paul McCartney and American photographer wife Linda from the moment she was born . And it 's been both a blessing and a hindrance . As McCartney was awarded this year 's prestigious Women 's Leadership Award from the Lincoln Center Corporate Fund , CNN spoke to the mother-of-four about sustainability in a notoriously "  unaccountable " fashion industry . Parents ' influence CNN : You had very famous role models -- do you think that helped you , or do you think that was actually a hurdle ? McCartney : It certainly opened a lot of doors and certainly closed some minds . So I think there was a balance . CNN : What do you think was the biggest inspiration you got from your mother , Linda McCartney ? M : I learned a lot from her ethics . Both my mum and dad -LSB- former Beatle , Paul McCartney -RSB- are known to be vegetarians , world rights activists and environmentalists , and that definitely came into my place of work . Once you have children it adds another layer of responsibility to what you 're doing . You have to be a role model to them so it makes you question your actions -- in a good way . Biggest Challenge CNN : What is the biggest challenge you 've encountered getting where you are now ? M : Early on , when I wanted to go back to London and start my own fashion house , a very well thought-of executive in the industry said to me : "  Name one female designer that 's come from Great Britain that has had any kind of global success . " I wanted to prove him wrong . Obviously there have been great women from Britain in design , but actually there are fewer than I thought . So that was a bit of a hurdle for me . From day one I 've never worked with leather or fur . I do n't work with PVC , and I 'm very conscious in the sourcing and manufacturing of fashion . That 's a hurdle , that 's a challenge , but it 's a worthwhile one . CNN : Do you feel a lot of pressure from the industry because you chose to go down the "  sustainable fashion " road ? M : It 's been difficult , it continues to be difficult , but I 'm OK with difficult , it 's what keeps me on my toes . I 've had people say to me : "  You 'll never sell handbags , you do n't work with leather and leather is luxury . " To me it 's the complete opposite , leather is everywhere , it 's so cheap a material , it 's so mass produced . Over 50 million animals a year are killed just for fashion . For me it does n't have a luxury element to it . CNN : So you 're comfortable flipping that notion on its head , that leather is luxury ? M : Lots of things have been around for a long time , that does n't mean they have to stick around forever . When you 're in design it 's your job is to change , to push , to modernize . The fashion industry , is not really as accountable for some reason . We 're not expected to have to answer to the fact that it 's not sustainable to kill that many animals for shoes and bags . And it 's not necessary ! Ninety percent of the people who come to my stores have no idea I do n't work with leather . Being told no CNN : You get very steely when you talk about people telling you you ca n't do something . M : Does n't everyone , who likes being told they ca n't do something ? Anyone can do anything they want , if they really want it . I 'm not going to pretend I did n't come from a privileged starting point . I 'll always admit that it was easier for me to question people telling me I could n't do something because I had a pretty nice place to fall back on . So maybe that afforded me a little more spark and fight . I 'm learning as I get older , that you do n't have to try to fight everything from a man 's place . I guess I got here for a reason , it was n't because I was a woman . More : Bobbi Brown 's billion-dollar idea	McCartney talks about the influence of her famous parents on her fashion career Says she does n't see leather as luxury , as it 's mass produced Wins prestigious Women 's Leadership Award from Lincoln Center Corporate Fund Believes it 's not sustainable to kill so many animals for shoes and handbags
CNN  -- If the Syrian government falls , other countries in the region could suffer , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad told a Turkish news outlet Friday . The embattled leader told Turkey 's Ulusal TV that neighboring states that should be allies instead are being influenced by foreign powers . "  A fight in Syria would affect countries in the region . And perhaps with a domino effect will impact faraway countries as well , " al-Assad said . "  The Arab states that have not supported the Syrian regime are those that are not independent actors but rather  act  under the guidance of foreign countries . " Syria is in the midst of a civil war with roots that date back to March 2011 , when protesters , partly inspired by Arab Spring uprisings in the region , began demonstrating for more freedom . Read more : Syria suffers ` deadliest month ' That movement quickly morphed into a movement against al-Assad , who was appointed president by Syria 's parliament in 2000 after his father , Hafez al-Assad , died . The government responded with a crackdown -- with devastating results . The United Nations estimates that more than 70,000 people have died in the violence . The brutal civil war claimed more than 6,000 lives in March alone -- making it the deadliest month since the conflict began , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported this week . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists , said 83 people were killed Friday , including 48 in Damascus and its suburbs . CNN can not independently verify the figures because its reporters generally are not permitted to enter the country . Read more : President makes rare appearance Asked on Friday whether he would consider giving up for the sake of stability , al-Assad did not mention the uprising inside Syria , but said that the wishes of other countries do not affect him . "  I am an elected leader of the Syrian people , " he said . "  Whether I am a president is determined by the Syrian people , not by foreign states . " He singled out the United States as a nation that has "  massacred millions " in Iraq , Afghanistan and Libya . He also criticized Turkey , saying Syria 's neighbor "  has a hand in the blood flowing in Syria . " Al-Assad said he would welcome talks with his internal opponents . "  The only red line is about foreign intervention , " he said . "  Any dialogue should include only Syrians . It should not include foreign intervention . We have no other red lines from this . Syrians can talk about and discuss anything . This country is for all Syrians , and they can bring all things to the table . "	NEW : 83 killed in fighting Friday , rebel group says Bashar al-Assad blames "  foreign powers " for civil war Embattled president says he will not give up Syria 's civil war has claimed some 70,000 lives
CNN  -- Michael Jackson was a one-man cottage industry for the legal profession . Michael Jackson shows up for court , late and wearing pajama bottoms , during his 2005 child molestation trial . Two child-molestation investigations  no convictions  , two divorces , myriad civil lawsuits over concerts , special performances and soured business deals , near-bankruptcy and the threatened foreclosure of his Neverland ranch kept teams of lawyers busy . Jackson 's legal stable included the elite of Los Angeles , California , litigators -- Thomas Mesereau Jr. , Mark Geragos and the late Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. . Legal foes included Gloria Allred , Larry Feldman and Anthony Pellicano , the convicted "  wiretapper to the stars . " His legal legacy seems destined to live on . Jackson 's death at age 50 is likely to be the subject of a coroner 's investigation . Also to be determined is who raises Jackson 's three children , whether he left a will and whether anyone will challenge it . Watch how Jackson made and spent his money " Attorney Allred 's thoughts were on the pop music icon 's children -- Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II . "  I am very concerned about the children he leaves behind , " she said . "  What will happen to them ? If the mother relinquished parental rights , then who 's to have custody ? " She added that if Jackson left a will , it likely will be challenged in court . Allred filed the complaint with Child Protective Services that resulted , in part , in the 2004 Santa Barbara County grand jury investigation . Jackson was acquitted in June 2005 of child molestation charges after a 14-week media circus of a trial in Santa Maria , California . Prosecutors charged the singer with four counts of lewd conduct with a child younger than 14 ; one count of attempted lewd conduct ; four counts of administering alcohol to facilitate child molestation ; and one count of conspiracy to commit child abduction , false imprisonment or extortion . Jackson began the legal battle by giving an impromptu mini-performance for the horde of fans who flocked to his arraignment . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin was there . "  I was standing about 20 feet away from Jackson on the day of his arraignment in Santa Maria when he danced on the top of his car before an adoring crowd . It was one of the most bizarre moments of my journalism career , " Toobin recalled . Some of the testimony was equally bizarre , as the accusing witness told of being plied with wine -- "  Jesus Juice , " he said Jackson called it . Jackson became even more of a curiosity when he wore pajama bottoms to court on the day his accuser took the witness stand . He arrived an hour and 40 minutes late , after the judge threatened to revoke his $ 3 million bail . Former child star Macaulay Culkin was among the more than 130 people who testified at the trial . He disputed testimony from earlier witnesses who claimed they saw Jackson behaving inappropriately with him in the early 1990s . The jury deliberated for 32 hours before clearing Jackson of charges that could have sent him to prison for 20 years . Jackson 's defense attorney in that case , Mesereau , told reporters at the time that "  justice was done . " He was in court when his former client died Thursday afternoon . "  I 'm in an absolute state of shock , " Mesereau said . "  He was a very gentle , kind soul who wanted to make the universe a better place . I 'm honored to have spent the time with him that I did and to have helped preserve his honor , reputation and freedom . " In a February 2003 broadcast of an unflattering television documentary by British journalist Martin Bashir , Jackson was shown on the program holding hands with the boy who accused him of child molestation . He defended as "  loving " his practice of letting young boys sleep in his bed . "  He was a great talent but had very poor judgment in the choices he made in his personal life , " said Allred , who filed her complaint after watching the documentary . "  His choices led to serious accusations against him . His own words were problematic , " she added . "  There were significant questions about his personal choices , particularly with young children . " California authorities searched Neverland , Jackson 's mansion complete with roller coaster and petting zoo , that November . He was in Las Vegas , Nevada , at the time , and flew back to California on a private jet , accompanied by lawyer Geragos . Even that journey , which was surreptitiously taped , resulted in litigation and an undisclosed financial settlement . A decade earlier , prosecutors in Los Angeles declined to file charges in their own 13-month child molestation investigation . A 13-year-old boy complained to social workers that Jackson had molested him over a period of several months in 1993 . The boy 's father also filed a civil lawsuit , and Jackson 's lawyers characterized the allegations as a $ 20 million extortion attempt . But the case settled out of court , reportedly with Jackson paying millions in damages . The boy later refused to testify in the Los Angeles case , but was among the witnesses during the 2005 trial in Santa Maria . Jackson and his legal team were equally well known in the civil courts . He was sued by more than a dozen people over the past decade . Those suing included former managers , financial advisors , lawyers , business partners -- even a porn producer -- over nonpayment or soured deals . He settled most of the lawsuits out of court . Two marriages -- to Deborah Rowe , his dermatologist 's assistant , and Lisa Marie Presley , daughter of the late Elvis Presley -- ended in divorce . Rowe took him to court over their custody and visitation arrangement , but settled for a reported $ 8.5 million , giving up her parental rights . In recent years , Jackson has also narrowly avoided bankruptcy and foreclosure on his Neverland ranch , which also includes an amusement park , complete with Ferris wheel , and a petting zoo . He sold Neverland last year . He also "  amicably " settled a legal claim by a son of the King of Bahrain over a failed $ 10 million recording venture , according to reports in London . In the United States , Jackson was still fighting civil claims by a former publicist , a concert promoter and John Landis , the writer an director of his iconic "  Thriller " video , according to the Los Angeles Times .	Michael Jackson investigated and tried for molesting boys , never convicted He also had an array of civil disputes , most settled out of court Child custody , estate could be next court battles 2005 trial was a media circus , ended in acquittal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Airways said Tuesday it was in talks with Australian rival Qantas that could see a merger of two of the world 's most prestigious airlines . BA says it is in talks with Australian rival Qantas . London-based BA said the exploratory talks would look at creating a dual-listed company but offered no other details . "  There is no guarantee that any transaction will be forthcoming and a further announcement will be made in due course if appropriate , " BA said in a statement . BA said the talks would not affect its negotiations in Spanish airline Iberia , with which it is already discussing a revenue deal with American Airlines . Shares in BA leapt more than 10 percent on the news , soaring 154 pence  $ 2.32  within an hour . Both Qantas -- known as the "  Flying Kangaroo " airline -- and BA are partners in the Oneworld Global Alliance , an umbrella which links 10 of the world 's carriers , including American Airlines and Cathay Pacific . Tuesday 's announcement comes after the Australian government revealed that it plans to increase the level of foreign ownership permitted in Qantas , the Sydney Morning Herald reported . BA sold a remaining 18.25 percent stake in Qantas in 2004 , according to the Herald . The deal , which will not permit a takeover , revises current Australian law that currently limits a single foreign holding to 25 percent and a group maximum of 35 percent . BA , American Airways and Iberia in August opened negotiations over a revenue deal , filing for antitrust immunity for the tie-up . The deal has been bitterly opposed by Richard Branson 's Virgin Atlantic Airways . CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest said BA 's twin merger situation was unprecedented in the aviation industry . BA and Qantas have for many years co-operated on the so-called "  Kangaroo Route " including sharing revenues on UK-Australia routes , Quest said . A merger would make a powerful airline that would literally span the globe , he said The merger moves come during troubled times for BA , which saw its pretax profits fall by 92 percent in the first half of this year , a loss it blamed on high oil prices and troubled financial markets . Qantas has also faced its own troubles this year after one of its jetliners was damaged by a midair explosion over the South China Sea in July , forcing it to make an emergency landing . The airline also announced it was slashing its work force by 1,500 people worldwide , abandoning plans to hire 1,200 more as high fuel costs squeezed profits .	British Airways confirms it is in merger talks with Australian rival Qantas BA says it is looking at possible dual-listed company structure Airline says it is continuing talks with Iberia
CNN  Mark Zuckerberg likes to make resolutions for the New Year . Once he decided he must only eat meat that he had killed himself -- an admirable , if quirky , resolution for any vigorous young man with a rifle . Another time he decided to learn Mandarin Chinese -- not a simple task . I wonder how that turned out ? Now he 's vowed to start a book club , hoping to channel the reading attention of the millions who follow him on Facebook . I like his latest idea a lot : Anything that gets people reading and talking about books is a good thing . If I were Mr. Zuckerberg , I would aim for books that can be read slowly and carefully by busy people in their spare time , choosing ones with the capacity to enlarge their sense of what it means to be human and to live respectfully and generously among others . Which ones would you pick ? Here are 10 books that have meant a good deal to me -- a mix of fiction and nonfiction : 1 . "  Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , " by Mark Twain . This is the primary text of American literature , high on any serious list of world classics . It 's a book about the American soul , about race and community , and about the urgent need to "  light out for the territory . " As Huck and Jim float down the Mississippi on their quest for freedom , they take every reader of this truly great novel with them , forever . 2 . "  The Death of Ivan Ilyich , " by Leo Tolstoy . Written after Tolstoy 's conversion to his own idiosyncratic version of Christianity , this short Russian novel brings us face to face with mortality . Each of us , sooner or later , will die . In the process of dying , Tolstoy 's lead character comes to terms with his life and its meaning , which is made all the more vivid as it fades . 3 . "  July 's People , " by Nadine Gordimer . This slim , intense novel appeared in 1981 , not so long before apartheid had ended in South Africa . It imagined a violent finale to that conflict between blacks and whites -- an ending that  fortunately  did n't materialize . Yet this novel remains a strong evocation of cultural and racial differences ; the sort of book that helps to explain racial divides that continues to haunt us . 4 . "  Walden , " by Henry David Thoreau . Another great American book , one that makes the vital connection between spirit and nature . It 's an autobiographical masterpiece as well ; the story of one man 's quest for meaning in the wilderness . It 's a wry , touching , eloquent evocation of human consciousness as well as conscience . Nobody can afford NOT to read this book slowly , carefully , more than once . 5 . "  Things Fall Apart , " by Chinua Achebe . This fine African novel has been justifiably chosen by millions of readers as a book that gloriously summons the social , cultural and intensely personal situation of modern Africans living in the wake of colonial power . Achebe saw his fellow Nigerians as individuals caught in a web of social relations , delineated here with clarity and confidence . 6 . "  Tao Te Ching , " by Laozi , translated by Stephen Mitchell . This Chinese classic is one of the most influential books I have encountered in half a century of reading . The art of living is beautifully unfolded here in 81 tiny chapters . The author invites us to conform to the Tao itself , the universal principle of being , and his book teaches us how to live with ourselves and with others , how to govern a nation , a family , ourselves . It is a book to live with and learn from , decade after decade . 7 . "  Pilgrim at Tinker Creek , " by Annie Dillard . This lovely work of American autobiography is about paying attention to one 's surroundings . Dillard explores the natural world around her home in the Blue Ridge Mountains , moving through the seasons , coming to terms with her own solitude , her sense of vocation as a writer , and her understanding of what faith means . It 's a book that should be read in tandem with Thoreau 's "  Walden . " 8 . "  What Is God ? " by Jacob Needleman . A philosopher and religious scholar , Needleman writes about his own spiritual journey from atheism to a more complex understanding of the source of all being . Needleman asks : "  Who is wise ? " His answer is : "  one who learn from everything and everyone . " This book asks , even answers , many of the basic questions about being human , drawing on a wide range of religious traditions . 9 . "  Of Woman Born : Motherhood as Experience and Institution , " by Adrienne Rich . Published in 1976 , this eloquent meditation on motherhood is told from the viewpoint of one of the finest American poets of the 20th century . It 's a landmark study , a foundational book in modern feminist thought , and well worth reading , then rereading . 10 . "  One Hundred Years of Solitude , " by Gabriel García Márquez . The longest book on my list , but nobody can afford to ignore it . My old mentor , the Scottish poet Alastair Reid , used to say that anyone who has n't read this book is still an intellectual virgin . Márquez tells the story of a single family in a remote village in Colombia . But this story is the human story writ small , the story of history itself , with its inevitable repetitions , its recurring ghosts , grounded in the nearly untranslatable poetry of human feeling .	Jay Parini : Zuckerberg starting book club . He should read books that illuminate humanity He says classics by Twain , Gordimer , Tolstoy , Achebe , Dillard among 10 must-reads
RollingStone.com  -- On May 4 , the day Adele turned 26 , the multi-platinum singer tweeted , "  Bye bye 25 ... See you again later in the year . " The tweet seemed to suggest that Adele 's much-anticipated follow-up to "  21 " would be arriving at some point in 2014 . However , according to the New York Times , that is no longer the case . A financial report from Adele 's label XL Recordings reveals that there are no plans to drop an album from the "  Rolling in the Deep " singer in 2014 . Adele 's ' 21 ' becomes first album to sell over 3 million digital copies The good news is that XL made $ 15 million net profit this year , but further down in the report , which the label sent to regulators today , they added this sobering note : "  There will not be a further new release by Adele during 2014 and consequently there will be a fall in XL 's turnover and profits . Nevertheless , the directors are confident that by pursuing management policies ... XL will continue to achieve success with other artists . " In the report , the label notes that the singer 's back catalogue accounted for a "  significant proportion of the sales and profit " during 2013 . Adele 's toddler son wins damages from paparazzi photos "  21 " sold more than 25 million copies worldwide , so the quiet revelation that 2014 will be Adele-less comes as an equally disappointing update to both XL 's distributor Columbia Records and the singer 's fans . In a holiday season set to feature big album releases from Taylor Swift , Nicki Minaj , Pink Floyd , Foo Fighters and possibly Kendrick Lamar , Adele 's new LP was expected to be the marquee event and a dire shot in the arm for a music industry that has endured record low sales this year . However , as we enter the fourth quarter of 2014 , Adele had n't made any announcements -- she has n't even tweeted since July -- or rolled out any new singles , which implied that the tentatively titled "  25 " might have to wait until "  26 . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	A new album from Adele wo n't arrive in 2014 The singer was thought to be working on a release for this year However , a financial report from her record label indicates otherwise
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A plane crashed Tuesday in western Kenya , killing all four people on board , including a Cabinet minister and an assistant minister , President Mwai Kibaki said . The two senior government figures were members of Raila Odinga 's party . "  The wreckage has been found and there are no survivors , " Kibaki said , according to the government Web site . Kenyan Roads Minister Kipkalya Kones and Assistant Minister of Home Affairs Lorna Laboso had been on board the Cessna 210 , which was headed to Kericho , in the Rift Valley . The plane crashed in a remote area called Kajong ` a , in western Kenya , Kibaki said . The president identified the two others killed as Kenneth Kiprono Bett , who worked for Kones , and the pilot . "  Our country has lost leaders of immense potential at their prime age and with a promising future , " Kibaki said . "  Let us all remain united at this moment of sorrow as a nation . " Salim Lone , a government spokesman , told CNN earlier that the plane crashed about an hour after it took off from Nairobi 's Wilson Airport around 2:18 p.m. local time  7:18 a.m. ET  . "  This is terrible , and utterly unimaginable news for us in Kenya , where there has been so much suffering recently , " Lone said . He did not know what caused the crash , but said , "  There is absolutely no hint of foul play . It looks like a terrible tragedy . " Both Kones and Laboso belonged to the Orange Democratic Movement party  ODM  , which joined Kibaki 's Party of National Unity  PNU  in a coalition government earlier this year under an United Nations-brokered agreement that brought an end to the violence that ripped the nation after Kibaki 's disputed re-election in late December . More than 1,000 people were killed and 350,000 were displaced in the violence , according to the Kenyan Red Cross . Under the agreement , Kibaki retained the presidency while ODM leader Raila Odinga became prime minister . A new cabinet took office in April , with equal representation from both ODM and PNU . The officials ' deaths came a day before parliamentary by-elections in five districts in Kenya .	Roads minister , assistant home affairs minister die in plane crash Six-seater Cessna crashed in western Kenya ; minister 's aide and pilot also died NEW : President Mwai Kibaki : Our country has lost leaders of immense potential Plane was flying from Nairobi to Kericho , in the Rift Valley
CNN  -- The U.S.-based IndyCar motorsport series will have only one overseas race next year after organizers decided to drop Japan from the calendar . The Twin Ring Motegi circuit will host its final IndyCar event on September 18 , having been the first international race to be added in 2003 . "  As INDYCAR and the IZOD IndyCar Series continue to evaluate their long-term plans , we must look to build the sport and its viewership , " commercial division president Terry Angstadt said in a statement on Wednesday . "  We believe it is important that the final few events on our schedule give us the opportunity to be broadcast live during times that maximize our viewing audience as we build up to the championship . " The decision means that Brazil 's Sao Paulo Indy 300 , held in May , will be the only race outside North America in 2012 . Twin Ring Motegi opened in 1997 and is owned by Mobilityland , a subsidiary of Japanese car manufacturer Honda . It was the scene of Danica Patrick 's historic first victory by a female driver in 2008 , while overall series winners Dan Wheldon , Scott Dixon and Tony Kanaan have all triumphed there . Motegi , which is the only oval track in Japan , also hosts motorcycling 's top class , MotoGP . "  After having played host to the event for so many years with all the support and help from the people concerned , we have decided , albeit regrettably , that it is extremely difficult for the company to keep hosting a round of IndyCar Series in the face of the on-going business environment , " Mobilityland president Hiroshi Oshima told the IndyCar website . "  While it is indeed a pity to have to put a stop to the event that has been developed together with the local community , we are now set to move ahead and promote future events and motorsport programs by building on our past 13 years of experience and know-how gained from the American motorsport with its trademark spirit of challenge . "	Japan 's Twin Ring Motegi circuit will not host an IndyCar race in 2012 It has been dropped from the calendar as organizers seek to maximize viewing audience Sao Paulo in Brazil will be the only international event in the series next year Motegi owner says it was struggling to afford to stage the race in tough economic times
LONDON , England -- Steve Forbes has fired Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's uncle ahead of his May 3 clash with Oscar de la Hoya -- and replaced him as trainer with another member of the flamboyant World Boxing Council welterweight champion 's family . Floyd Mayweather Jr. was furious that his uncle was training his former sparring partner Steve Forbes . Mayweather was furious that his father Roger was training Forbes for a fight which could scupper his own hopes of a lucrative rematch with De La Hoya , who he beat by a split decision last May in the richest fight in boxing history . Forbes moved quickly to hire Jeff Mayweather , Roger 's younger brother , after hearing Floyd air his grievances in the media . "  I asked Roger not to train Forbes , " Mayweather said during a conference call to promote his foray into wrestling at WWE 's Wrestlemania 24 on March 30 . "  I 'm upset with my Uncle Roger . I disapprove of Roger . If he continues to train Forbes , I have to get another trainer . "  It 's taking money out of my pocket . I told him on numerous occasions not to train Steve Forbes and he 's training him at my gym . "  He 's taking money out his own mouth . Forbes is making $ 1 million , so he 's jeopardizing  the trainer 's share of  $ 80,000 for millions . I could get him that a ton of times over again . Hopefully it will be worth it . " Forbes had been working with Mayweather for only three weeks . "  I thought it was funny . Trainers should be able to train anyone they want . But it did n't really surprise me . I just wondered why it did n't happen three or four weeks ago when my fight with Oscar was announced . " "  Steve 's a pro , and it does n't bother him , " Jeff Wald , Forbes ' promoter , told The Associated Press . "  He respects the Mayweather family , and he 's trained with all three brothers , so it 's not going to be a problem . " Forbes has previously been trained by Roger , Jeff and Floyd Mayweather Sr , who has been estranged from his world champion son for years , and sparred with Mayweather Jr. . "  It 's more  a problem  with Floyd because he is Roger 's boss . He pays him a nice salary , " Forbes said . "  I 'm not upset with Roger . This is just another little story to my story . It does n't affect me one bit . But it 's just bizarre . " Floyd Sr. has trained De la Hoya for all of his recent fights -- except the bout against his son last year -- but has said he might cross that line for the rematch . "  I may have to pay my dad more than Oscar is paying him , " Floyd Jr. said . The 31-year-old Mayweather , considered pound for pound the best boxer in the world , has not fought since knocking out Britain 's previously unbeaten Ricky Hatton in Las Vegas in December . E-mail to a friend	Steve Forbes fires Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's uncle ahead of Oscar de la Hoya bout WBC welterweight champion angry that Roger Mayweather was training Forbes If Forbes wins , Mayweather 's own scheduled rematch with De la Hoya in doubt Forbes hires another Mayweather , Floyd 's uncle Jeff , as his new trainer
Washington  CNN  -- The IRS paid him $ 104 million for providing information as a whistle blower to prosecute banking giant UBS AG , and upended centuries of storied Swiss bank secrecy . But for want of a cheap cab ride , former UBS banker Bradley Birkenfeld could end up back in prison after being arrested for driving while intoxicated in New Hampshire . Birkenfeld , 48 , was arrested July 20 by Portsmouth police conducting a sobriety check point . Birkenfeld , who listed a Rye , New Hampshire , address , is scheduled for trial on Nov. 12 . His federal probation officer told CNN that he is aware of the arrest and that if Birkenfeld is convicted it would be a violation of terms of his supervised release after serving 30 months in prison . He was originally sentenced to 40 years after pleading guilty to defrauding the United States , but was released early for good behavior . Under terms of his release , Birkenfeld is barred from "  excessive use of alcohol . " Federal prosecutors are monitoring the DUI case and are weighing whether to recommend Birkenfeld be found in violation of those terms , according to a person familiar with the matter . A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment . An attorney representing Birkenfeld did n't respond to a request for comment , and Birkenfeld could n't be reached . Justice Department prosecutors used documents and other information provided by Birkenfeld to prosecute UBS and some of its top bankers for aiding tax evasion by U.S. offshore banking customers . Birkenfeld claims to have provided U.S. authorities hundreds of confidential UBS documents on about 19,000 customers . UBS paid $ 780 million in 2009 under a deferred prosecution agreement with the Justice Department to settle the charges . Birkenfeld 's probation officer said if he is convicted a judge could order that he be sent back to prison or be subject to additional supervision requirements . The probation office has n't decided what course to take . "  Despite this being a high profile case , we 'll treat this like any other case , " said the probation officer , who asked not to be identified by name .	Birkenfeld paid $ 104 million by IRS for information on banking giant UBS Bank agreed to massive settlement with government , and Birkenfeld went to prison Terms of his release required that he avoid excessive alcohol use He was arrested in New Hampshire on DUI charge , faces trial in November
CNN  -- Gunmen shot dead Argentine folk singer Facundo Cabral on Saturday as his car made its way to the airport in Guatemala City , police said . A motive for the killing of one of Latin America 's best-known folk singers remained unclear . The singer 's agent was also shot and is in stable condition in the hospital , said police spokesman Donald Gonzalez . In Guatemala on a Latin American tour , Cabral , 74 , left his hotel at 5:40 a.m. in a white SUV for an eight-minute ride to the airport . Gunmen attacked the SUV -- at least 20 bullet holes could be seen on the Range Rover . Nothing was reported stolen from the vehicle , government spokesman Ronaldo Robles said . Police found a brown Hyundai Santa Fe nearby containing bullet-proof vests and AK-47 magazines . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom declared three days of national mourning . His government said an investigation has been launched but , at this point , that it was too early to say whether Cabral was the victim of a robbery or a direct attack . "  As a country , we are saddened by the cowardly attack against those who will live on in memory -- singing about life , happiness and love , " the government said in a statement . Guatemalan Nobel Peace Prize winner Rigoberta Menchu traveled to the site of the attack , where she wept and said the singer had died "  for his ideals , " according to Notimex , the state-run news agency in Mexico . "  I ca n't think of a single reason why Cabral was killed here in Guatemala . He came just to sing , " Notimex reported she said . Cabral was the latest victim in a wave of violence that has rocked Guatemala ahead of elections . In a report last month , the International Crisis Group warned that the violence and unregulated campaign finance were putting the country 's political institutions at risk . Stephen McFarland , the U.S. ambassador to Guatemala , echoed that warning Saturday . "  I think this of course hurts Guatemala 's image before the rest of the region and I believe that brings serious questions to the table about what can be done to prevent this from continuing , " he said . Guatemala 's human rights ombudsman , Sergio Morales , expressed his condolences to Argentina . "  I ask authorities of this country that this crime not be left unsolved , to investigate , " he said . Ironically , Cabral , who said he was inspired by Jesus Christ and Mohandas Gandhi , was recognized in 1996 by the Organization of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization as a "  World Peace Messenger . " iReporter recounts meeting the singer under strange coincidences Cabral gained fame as a protest singer . His song , "  No Soy De Aqui , Ni Soy De Alla "  "  I 'm Not From Here Nor There "  was recorded in nine languages by stars including Julio Iglesias and Neil Diamond . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : The Guatemalan president declares three days of national mourning The singer was on a Latin American tour Gunmen attack his SUV as he makes his way to the airport A motive for the killing remains unclear
CNN  -- Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair -- once one of the U.S. Army 's top commanders in Afghanistan and accused of "  sodomy ... by force " and other military crimes -- is to set to plead guilty Thursday to some charges but not the most serious levied against him , his lawyer said . Sinclair will plead guilty on three of the eight charges he 's facing in military court , according to the office of lawyer Richard Scheff . These include "  wrongfully engaging in ... inappropriate relationships " with three women soldiers from 2009 to 2012 overseas in Iraq , Afghanistan and Germany as well as domestically at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , and Fort Hood , Texas . He 'll also admit to having requested and possessed "  pornographic and sexually explicit photographs and movies , " having "  sexually explicit communications with a female Army captain , and trying "  to engage in an inappropriate relationship " with another woman . And the brigadier general will plead guilty to impeding the investigation into him by deleting nude photographs and an e-mail account , his lawyer said . Army general faces sexual conduct , other charges But Sinclair will not admit to the most serious accusations against him , including the sodomy charge and that he threatened "  to kill  one of the soldiers  and her family if she told anyone about their relationship , or words to that effect . " He is also charged with "  using his rank and authority to coerce and compel " a woman "  subject to his orders ... to maintain a sexual relationship with him and prevent her from ending  that  relationship . " "  The government now has a big problem : It took pathetically weak assault charges and put a fancy wrapper around them , " Scheff said . "  We just tore the wrapper off . The prosecution team no longer gets to distract us with salacious details about acts that are n't even criminal in the civilian world . " Yet Sinclair could still be found guilty on all the charges against him . It 's up to a military judge to accept the guilty pleas as is , though Scheff 's office indicates that they expect he 'll do so . Moreover , the full trial is still set to proceed as planned with opening arguments kicking off at some point Thursday . Sinclair was sent to Fort Bragg from Afghanistan in 2012 , the same year the last alleged incidents occurred and when he was originally charged . He had been deputy commander of the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division . Scheff said Wednesday that his client "  has consistently admitted his shortcomings and taken responsibility for them . " Report : Troops filing sexual trauma claims less likely to get PTSD benefits Congress passes reform on how military handles sexual assault cases	In 2012 , Brig. Gen. Jeffery Sinclair was charged with "  sodomy ... by force " The military says he had porn , pulled rank to coerce and threaten female troops Sinclair 's lawyer blasts what he calls "  pathetically weak assault charges " His military trial is set to begin Thursday
CNN  -- One day , Urooj Khan jumped for joy after scoring a $ 1 million winner on an Illinois lottery scratch ticket . The next month , he was dead . Investigators initially ruled Khan 's manner of death natural . But after being prompted by a relative , the medical examiner 's office in Cook County , Illinois , revisited the case and eventually determined there was a lethal amount of cyanide in Khan 's system . "  That ... led us to issue an amended death certificate that  established  cyanide toxicity as the cause of death , and the manner of death as homicide , " Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Steve Cina said Monday . Why did Khan , an Indian immigrant who was described as a well-liked , hardworking and successful businessman , die ? And who is responsible ? Finding that out is now up to the Chicago police . No arrests have been made . "  We are investigating it as a murder , and we 're working closely with the medical examiner 's office , " Chicago police spokeswoman Melissa Stratton said Monday . On June 26 , Khan was all smiles at a 7-Eleven in the Rogers Park section of Chicago . Surrounded by his wife , daughter and friends , he held an oversized $ 1 million check and recalled his joy upon playing the "  $ 3 million Cash Jackpot ! " game , where tickets sell for $ 30 apiece . "  I scratched the ticket , then I kept saying , ' I hit a million ! ' over and over again , " the 46-year-old Khan said , according to a press release from the Illinois Lottery . "  I jumped two feet in the air , then ran back into the store and tipped the clerk $ 100 . " The plan , he explained , was to use the money for his mortgage , paying off bills , a donation to St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital and investing more in his dry cleaning businesses . Related : The problems with winning the lottery "  Winning the lottery means everything to me , " Khan said . He would have to wait a few weeks to collect his actual winnings , which amounted after taxes to about $ 425,000 . According to CNN affiliate WGN , that check was issued July 19 , but Khan never got to spend it . The next night , Khan came home , ate dinner and went to bed , according to an internal police department document obtained by the Chicago Tribune . His family later heard him screaming and took him to a local hospital , where he was later pronounced dead , the paper reported , citing the document . That 's where the Cook County medical examiner 's office came in , investigating Khan 's death because it was "  sudden and unexpected , " Cina said . At the time , there were no allegations of foul play or evidence of trauma . So , following the office 's policy , Khan 's body underwent what Cina described as an "  external examination  and  basic toxicology testing , " neither of which turned up anything abnormal . So the medical examiner ruled that Khan had died of arterial sclerotic cardiovascular disease -- which encompasses incidents like heart attacks , strokes and aortic ruptures -- and that his manner of death was natural , according to Cina . A few days later , a family member approached the doctor who had examined the body "  and said they felt uncomfortable that it was being ruled a natural and they suggested that we look into it further , " the chief medical examiner said . "  So we did that , " he added . "  Forensics is not a static field . If new evidence comes to light , we 'll revisit cases . " That meant more in-depth toxicology tests . In early September , new screening results came back indicating cyanide in Khan 's blood . With that , the official manner of death was changed from natural to pending , Cina said , and Chicago police got involved . In late November , a more detailed blood analysis came back showing "  a lethal level of cyanide , " and Khan 's death became a murder case . Chicago police have n't offered details , including a possible motive , about what they call an "  ongoing investigation . " Talking briefly with CNN affiliate WBBM and the Tribune , Khan 's widow described her husband as kind and exemplary . Jimmy Goreel , who runs the 7-Eleven where the winning lottery ticket was sold , offered similarly glowing comments about Khan . "  I would never think that anybody ... would hurt him , " Goreel told WGN . "  He was a  nice person , very hopeful and gentle  and  very hardworking . " Related : Woman pleads not guilty in death of lottery winner	Urooj Khan , 46 , won $ 1 million before taxes on an Illinois lottery scratch ticket He died suddenly weeks later ; authorities first ruled his death "  natural " Revisiting the case , they found he died of "  cyanide toxicity , " a medical examiner says Chicago police are investigating , but have n't made any arrests
CNN  -- Planetary nebula Abell 33 has taken on romantic proportions . The European Southern Observatory 's Very Large Telescope has captured a spectacular image of a planetary nebula aligned with a star in such a way that it looks like a diamond engagement ring . Abell 33 came from a star that 's going to become a white dwarf , which is one way that a star can evolve at the end of its life . White dwarfs are small , dense and hot , and they cool down over billions of years . The star entering this last phase of its life blows off its atmosphere into space . This results in glowing gas clouds known as planetary nebulae , such as this one that looks like a round bubble or ring . In the image , the original star appears in the center of the blue bubble . It is more luminous than our sun , and its ultraviolet radiation gives a glow to the ring of atmosphere that has been cast out . Scientists are not yet sure if it 's actually a double star or just a chance alignment in the image . It 's not common for a planetary nebula to be as perfectly round as this one . The symmetry of a planetary nebula is usually disturbed -- for example , by the way its star spins or if there are multiple stars in the system . As for the "  diamond " in this image , it 's a different star called HD 83535 , which happened to align with the nebula in this image . Abell 33 is about 2,500 light-years away , so no one will be coming near it anytime soon . It 's as if the universe liked the star and put a ring on it . Astronomers find first asteroid with rings Dwarf planet discovered at solar system 's edge Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Planetary nebula Abell 33 is 2,500 light-years away It comes from a star that will become a white dwarf The star is throwing out its atmosphere , forming the bubble
CNN  -- "  Do I look like Serena ? Like , come on . Seriously ? " Sloane Stephens understandably rankles at such a comparison with one of the world 's greatest tennis players . "  You know , it 's kind of crazy , but it 's really not that bad . But when you hear it , it 's like , ` Oh my god , did they just say that ? ' " Only the laziest of observers could mistake the 19-year-old rising star for a Williams sister off the court . But on it , the similarities are striking . Blessed with natural athleticism and steely determination allied to a powerful serve and forehand , Stephens shares many of the attributes that have helped Venus and Serena dominate the women 's game over the past 15 years . Posters of the sisters , who have won 21 grand slam singles titles between them , adorned Stephens ' bedroom walls when she was growing up . "  I love them . Obviously they 're like the coolest people . They are the greatest tennis players ever to me , " she told CNN 's Open Court . Venus works really hard and is a great role model for girls , she says , while Serena has become a close friend . "  We talk about everything ... anything that comes to mind . We always have good conversations and we have a lot of things to talk about . So it works out . " 2012 has been a breakthrough year in Stephens ' fledgling career . She reached the second round of the Australian Open in January before making her Fed Cup debut for the U.S. alongside Serena against Ukraine in April . Promising performances followed at both Wimbledon  reaching the third round  and at Roland Garros , where she achieved her best grand slam result to date , losing to U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur in the last 16 . Results away from the grand slams have also been encouraging , with semifinal appearances at WTA events in Strasbourg in May and more recently in Washington D.C. All of which has helped earn Stephens a top-50 ranking heading into the U.S. Open , where she meets Italy 's Francesca Schiavone in the opening round on Tuesday . The former French Open champion and two-time quarterfinalist at Flushing Meadows beat Stephens in Strasbourg and will provide a stern examination of the young American 's evolving game . "  I 'm working on so many different things . Coming to the net more , being more aggressive . I 'm really working on my concentration . Staying focused . That 's like a big one for me , " she said . Stephens has got a great attitude , says her coach David Nainkin , and does n't fear the big stage . "  Sloane is a phenomenal athlete and probably has one of the best forehands in the world . She has so many options when she plays . So it 's really about  improving  shot selection and channeling her power , " Nainkin says . "  She 's a great personality . She speaks very well ... she 's fun to be around and she 's great for tennis . " Stephens first picked up a racket when she was nine , catching the eye of coach and former men 's pro , Francisco Gonzalez at the Sierra Sport & Racquet Club in Fresno , California . On his advice , her mother Sybil Smith decided to relocate the family to Florida to further Stephens ' ambitions , enlisting her at the Saviano High Performance Tennis Academy in Fort Lauderdale . It was a smart move and provided the platform for a successful junior career which saw Stephens claim three consecutive junior grand slam doubles titles in 2010 at Roland Garros , Wimbledon and Flushing Meadows with Hungarian partner Timea Babos . It was also proof of her exceptional sporting genes -- her mother was a champion swimmer at Boston University while her biological father , John Stephens , who tragically died in a car crash in 2009 , was a former NFL running back . Smith and Stephens divorced when Sloane was a child , and she saw little of her father while growing up . But his death , aged 43 , was a painful blow and followed the loss of her stepfather to cancer two years earlier . "  When my dad died it was a really tough time , but my whole family has been super supportive . I 've come out a better person and I 've learned so much at a young age , " Stephens said . It was her stepfather who got Stephens hooked on tennis in the first place , Smith told CNN . "  He was very passionate about tennis . Sloane was always watching him at the club before we moved to Florida . The two of them really had a tennis bond , " Smith said . Today , Smith , who also has a son , Shawn , tries to keep things as normal as they can be for her daughter , treading the line between protector and liberator . "  You know , sometimes I do n't travel because she really does need to feel the pressure on her own . But you keep your day-to-day routines the same and keep your family and your values the same and it works out pretty well , " she said . Stephens ' maturity bodes well for her future , says James Blake , former American No. 1 and winner of 10 titles on the men 's ATP Tour . "  She seems fearless . She does n't appear to be in awe of anything , and that 's impressive at that age , " Blake said . "  When I came on tour , I was definitely a little shook by playing Pat Rafter and Andre Agassi ... but she does n't seem like that and that 's impressive . It 's going to win her some matches later . " For now though , Stephens is just looking forward to her home slam , where she reached the third round in her debut last year . "  Oh , it 's crazy . It 's just so many people and they all want you to win , " she said . "  It 's so nice just to be on court where everyone is cheering for you . A home slam is always really special and this year will be just as amazing as all the other ones . "	Sloane Stephens has enjoyed a successful year on the tour and is hotly tipped for success The 19-year-old will play Italy 's Francesca Schiavone in the opening round of the U.S. Open She is the daughter of former NFL player John Stephens and ex-swimmer Sybil Smith Rising star looking to build on promising runs at Wimbledon and the French Open earlier this year
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Soon after I first came to visit China in the autumn of 1971 , I saw a contingent of militia soldiers doing marching drills in Tiananmen Square . I was told they were rehearsing for the annual National Day parade on October 1 , which people eagerly awaited . Mao Zedong proclaims the founding of the People 's Republic of China in Beijing on October 1 , 1949 . Weeks later , however , I was informed that the civilian and military parade had been cancelled in the spirit of "  simple-living and hard struggle , " as Chairman Mao decreed . The real reason : Lin Biao , then defense minister and Mao 's anointed successor , had reportedly died in a plane crash while attempting to flee the country after a failed coup attempt . China 's achievements in the last 60 years have come in zigs and zags . The best place to look back at what China went through in the past six decades is Tiananmen , or the Gate of Heavenly Peace . Behind it lies the Imperial Palace , or Forbidden City , where China 's Emperors used to live . The emperor is now history , but Tiananmen remains Beijing 's political center . It was on the Tiananmen rostrum where Chairman Mao formally proclaimed the founding of the People 's Republic . "  The Chinese people have stood up ! " he declared in a shrill Hunanese accent . For decades , the whole nation followed Mao loyally . He emphasized political mobilization of the common man , especially the peasantry . In Mao 's ideology , the Chinese people found hope in a New China , wherein citizens would always have a bowl of rice to eat and clothes to wear . Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing . He pushed sweeping socio-economic initiatives and strident ideological campaigns , often with disastrous results . During two political campaigns in the late 1950s , over 550,000 "  rightist " intellectuals were persecuted and imprisoned . The Great Leap Forward led to widespread famine and the deaths of an estimated 30 million Chinese . In the late 1960s , Mao would again stand in the Tiananmen rostrum to launch the Cultural Revolution . There , he rallied hundreds of thousands of young Chinese -- the radical Red Guards -- who lionized him like a demi-god . "  To rebel is justified ! " they proclaimed . They rebelled against everything and wreaked havoc everywhere . For ten years , China was condemned to political turmoil and economic malaise . Perhaps the only factor that kept the country from total collapse was the people 's incomparable resilience and their ability to "  chi ku "  eat bitterness , or bear hardship  . Mao 's reign is also credited for positive changes . He banned child brides and polygamy , built Beijing 's first subway line and started a space program with China 's first satellite launch . In 1972 , the People 's Republic of China replaced the Republic of China  Taiwan  in the United Nations . Still , for three decades under Mao , China tried to break out of its backwardness and isolation but only met modest success . Mao died in 1976 and his remains are kept in a mausoleum in Tiananmen Square . Take an audiovisual tour of Mao 's hometown " Soon enough , Deng Xiaoping emerged as the new paramount leader . Deng overturned most of Mao 's policies and embarked upon reforming the economy and opening up the country to the outside world . His quest for stability and prosperity took off in the early 1990s , propelled by his pragmatic policies to entice foreign investments and build China 's private sector . Just south of Tiananmen , one landmark stands as a symbol of Deng 's bold open-door policy . In the early 1980s , the first Kentucky Fried Chicken outlet opened in Beijing , just a stone 's throw away from Mao 's mausoleum . Today , the fast food chain still does brisk business , with a large portrait of founder Colonel Sanders hanging on the three-story building . Not every Chinese embraced Deng 's reform and open-door policy . Old Guards and conservatives in and outside the communist party accepted Deng 's reform policies , but with a great deal of misgiving . The backlash came to a boil in 1989 , when Tiananmen witnessed an outpouring of support for the students who called for freedom and democracy , and more reform . After six weeks of heady demonstrations , the Tiananmen movement was brutally suppressed . See landmark moments in China 's 60 years " China has returned to world prominence through a 20-year economic boom , the speed and breadth of which is unparalleled in the history of mankind . China went from global economic irrelevance to the third largest economy in the world . The People 's Liberation Army , no longer a "  junkyard army , " has emerged as a formidable military power capable of launching a human being into space and shooting down satellites . Take a look inside China 's space program " The People 's Republic of China marks its 60th anniversary on Thursday with 300,000 participants and 60 floats to highlight the country 's achievements in various sectors of the society and economy . See anniversary preparations in photos " A military parade will feature goose-stepping troops marching down the Avenue of Eternal Peace . Modern military hardware -- tanks , armed personnel carriers , missiles , helicopters and fighter jets , all made in China -- will be on display . Fireworks will cap the festivities . See how China has changed over 60 years " But pomp and pageantry aside , China 's phenomenal economic growth over the decades has triggered unintended consequences : rising unemployment , growing income gaps , endemic corruption , rising criminality , environmental degradation and social malaise . Millions of Chinese live on less than $ 1 a day , and social tension sometimes boil over into violent clashes . Chinese president Hu Jintao is pushing to promote democracy in the party , curb corruption and seek a harmonious society . "  To build a well-off society for 1.3 billion people and a democratic , civilized , harmonious and modernized country , " he recently told a communist party meeting , "  China must firmly push reform and opening up and stick to its own path . " Meet some of China 's young communists " Like the cutting-edge CCTV tower intended to formally open this year but did n't after a celebratory fireworks display went awry and caused a fire , China 's great achievements stand side by side with daunting challenges .	Mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing Mao pushed sweeping socio-economic initiatives , strident ideological campaigns His successor Deng Xiaoping embarks upon reforming the economy , opening China China gains world prominence via 20-year economic boom , but has consequences
CNN  -- RadarOnline on Wednesday released another audio recording of an explosive argument purportedly between actor Mel Gibson and his ex-girlfriend , Oksana Grigorieva , in which the man can be heard threatening to burn their house down . It 's the fourth such recording released since Friday by the website , which has not disclosed how it obtained the audio . The recordings are taken from a phone call and capture an obscenity-laced rant by the man as he spews racial and ethnic slurs , sexual insults and death threats . The site claims the male voice is that of the 54-year-old Gibson . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the recordings . In the recording released Wednesday , the man berates the woman for apparently falling asleep before having sex with him the prior evening . "  I 'll burn the g. ... . house up . ... How dare you ? " the man says as he demands the woman perform a sexual act . In Tuesday 's recording , the man uses an ethnic slur for illegal immigrants when arguing with the woman over a Latino worker employed by the couple . On Monday , the website released a recording in which the man threatens the woman 's life , saying "  I 'll put you in the f. ... ing rose garden . " And in a recording released Friday , the man launches into a racist , sexist rant against the woman , telling her she looks "  like a f. . . ing b. ... on heat and if you get raped by a pack of n. . . ers it will be your fault . " It 's unclear when the recordings were captured . Grigorieva , 40 , has acknowledged that the female voice on the recordings is hers and that the other voice is Gibson 's . CNN 's efforts to obtain comment from Gibson have been unsuccessful . Mel Gibson 's publicist , Alan Nierob , said Wednesday that the filmmaker continues to have no comment regarding the recordings . The couple have been locked in a custody dispute over their daughter . Last week , the Malibu Hills Police Department opened an investigation into an alleged domestic violence dispute between Gibson and Grigorieva . Grigorieva filed a restraining order against Gibson alleging that he struck her in the face , according to her spokesman , Stephen Jaffe . The estranged couple are scheduled to appear in court July 20 for a status hearing on the restraining order . Grigorieva has also spoken with sheriff 's deputies and has provided a statement to them in their domestic violence investigation , Jaffe told CNN Friday . The recordings "  will be part of the investigation , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said on Monday . It is not known how RadarOnline obtained the recordings . Jaffe said Friday that the site did not receive them from Grigorieva . Meanwhile , some show business personalities appeared to distance themselves from Gibson . Longtime friend and former "  Maverick " co-star Jodie Foster and Danny Glover , Gibson 's co-star in the popular "  Lethal Weapon " film series , declined to comment on the allegations , according to the Los Angeles Times . On Friday , the William Morris Endeavor talent agency confirmed to CNN that Gibson is no longer their client . An attorney for Gibson 's ex-wife , Robyn , told CNN Tuesday that she also would not be commenting on the recordings . But at least one Hollywood star was defending the embattled actor . "  I do n't like what he did here , but I know Mel and I know he 's not a racist , " TV host Whoopi Goldberg said on ABC 's "  The View " Tuesday . "  You can say he 's being a bonehead but I ca n't sit and say that he 's a racist , having spent time with him in my house with my kids . I ca n't say it . " Gibson came under fire in 2006 when he admitted to making anti-Semitic remarks during a drunken driving arrest . He issued an apology at the time , and appealed to the Jewish community to help him recover from his alcohol addiction .	The website says the male voice is that of Mel Gibson The man threatens to burn his house down It is the fourth such recording released since Friday Police are investigating domestic violence allegations against Gibson
CareerBuilder.com  -- Charlie Sheen 's latest controversy shows that one of the easiest ways to damage your career or end your job is to say bad things about your boss . Over the past 10 years , he 's faced accusations of violence and threats against ex-wife Denise Richards and currently estranged wife Brooke Mueller . And most recently , the dicey details of his alleged drug and alcohol fueled binges have become a fixture in the national media . Watch : Sheen denies hitting women By and large , his employers have tended to ignore his private life . But even Charlie Sheen ca n't badmouth his boss and get away with it . On February 24 , Sheen called into syndicated radio program "  The Alex Jones Show , " during which he went on an angry rant about -- among other things -- "  Two and a Half Men " creator Chuck Lorre . Sheen called Lorre a "  turd " and a "  clown . " A day after the outburst , production of "  Men , " which was in the middle of filming its eighth season , was immediately stopped . After all of his antics , Sheen lost his job apparently for calling his boss names . You do n't have to announce your hatred for your manager on a syndicated radio program to get fired . Comments on Facebook , Twitter or even at the water cooler can cost you your job . Here are six examples of why it 's never a good idea to bad mouth the boss , and an expert 's advice on how you can better handle your frustrations . 1 . Gen. Stanley McChrystal was forced to resign from his post as the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan last summer , after his off-color comments about both Vice President Joe Biden and the Obama administration in general were published in an article for Rolling Stone . 2 . A British newspaper reported a U.K. woman was fired after posting on her Facebook page , "  OMG I HATE MY JOB !! My boss is a total pervvy  sic  w ** ker , always making me do s ** t stuff just to p ** s me off !! W ** ker ! " The women had apparently forgotten that she was friends with her boss on Facebook . A few hours after she posted her rant , her boss replied with a comment of his own , which ended , "  And lastly , you also seem to have forgotten that you have two weeks left on your six-month trial period . Do n't bother coming in tomorrow . I 'll pop your P45 in the post and you can come in whenever you like to pick up any stuff you 've left here . And yes , I 'm serious . " 3 . In June 2010 , Andrew Kurtz , a 24-year old Pittsburgh Pirates ' mascot , was fired after posting a comment to his Facebook page about team president Frank Coonelly 's decision to extend the contracts of two of the Pirates ' managers . Within hours of Kurtz posting the comment -- "  Coonelly extended the contracts of Russell and Huntington through the 2011 season . That means a 19-straight losing streak . Way to go Pirates " -- Kurtz was fire , according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . 4 . Four women who worked for the town of Hooksett , New Hampshire , lost their jobs in 2007 , after they were caught discussing a rumor that their boss , town administrator David Jodoin , was having an affair with another female employee . Two of the women subsequently made an appeal to get their jobs back , claiming they had been wrongfully fired , but the appeal was denied . 5 . In a bit of a twist , Brazilian football team Palmeiras fired its manager after he made a comment on Twitter that he hoped one of his players -- who 'd skipped practice with no explanation -- would be traded to a rival team . 6 . Dawnmarie Souza , a Connecticut employee of American Medical Response , was fired after badmouthing her boss on her Facebook page . Among other insults , Souza implied that her boss should have been a psychiatric patient . Souza 's firing prompted the National Labor Relations Board to file a case against AMR in October 2010 , on the grounds that AMR 's policy against workers discussing the company negatively on the Internet was in violation of NLRB guidelines . The case was settled in early February , and AMR agreed to amend its policies . The lesson to be learned from all of these outbursts is one of communication , says Kerry Patterson , co-author of the New York Times best-seller "  Crucial Conversations : Tools for Talking When Stakes are High . " CareerBuilder.com : Jobs before they were president "  Employees typically badmouth their boss when they are angry and do n't know how to confront their boss about the issue , " he says . "  One of the problems with badmouthing is you typically communicate emotions harsher than you actually feel and will most likely regret your words later . " A better approach , Patterson says , is to directly address the issue you 're having . "  Regain your composure and choose to problem solve , rather than badmouth . With the right set of skills , you can respectfully confront your boss before you act out in ways that could eventually cost you your job . " The following are Patterson 's guidelines for constructive confrontation . • Do n't address the matter when you 're irritated : "  This is ineffective because at that point our goal is no longer to be constructive , it 's to punish . Before opening your mouth , ask yourself , ` What do I really want ? ' " • Establish respect : "  Begin by clarifying your respect and your intent . Help your boss understand that your intent is to provide a different viewpoint you feel will help achieve your mutual goal . " • Remain objective : "  Describe your concerns with facts first . Do n't lead with your judgments or conclusions . Start by describing in non-judgmental and objective terms the behaviors that are creating problems . If your boss becomes defensive , pause for a moment and check in . Reassure them of your positive intentions and allow them to express any concerns they have . " • Give your boss a turn : "  Finally , having shared your concerns , encourage your boss to share their perspective . Invite dialogue . The result of your openness will be a greater openness on your boss 's part as well . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	You can get fired for posting a negative comment about your boss on Facebook Confront your boss before you act out in ways that could cost you your job Begin the conversation by clarifying your respect and your intent After you 've voiced your concerns , encourage your boss to share his perspective
CNN  -- A Nestle plant linked to an outbreak of illness has been shut temporarily , and the company said Monday that it expects to lay off more than 200 workers as a result . Preliminary results "  indicate a strong association with eating raw prepackaged cookie dough , " the CDC says . "  It 's likely that we 're going to have some temporary layoffs at that facility , " Nestle spokeswoman Roz O'Hearn said of the Danville , Virginia , facility that was churning out refrigerated cookie-dough products until Thursday . About 550 people work at the factory , but only about half of them work on cookie dough , she said . The rest work on Buitoni pasta and sauce in a separate facility at the plant . She said there is little chance that the Buitoni products might be tainted , because -- even if the cookie dough is proved to be the source of the outbreak of E. coli 0157 : H7 -- it is a kosher product , meaning it is made from a segregated stream of ingredients . Danville 's Economic Development Office said the city 's unemployment rate is 14.3 percent . Nestle was first alerted to the problem late Wednesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Food and Drug Administration , O'Hearn said , adding : "  Less than a day later , we made the decision to remove the product . We shut down . We stopped shipping . " Included in the recall are 300,000 cases of the product . Each case contains 12 packages , and each package contains 24 cookies . That 's a total of 86.4 million cookies ' worth of dough . The recall does not include Dreyer 's or Edy 's ice cream products with Nestle Toll House "  cookie dough " ingredients . That 's because the "  dough " in ice cream is not really dough at all ; it is cooked . "  Ice cream is a different formulation , " O'Hearn said . "  Since it 's not meant to be baked before consumption -- those cookie crumbles that are in the formulation -- they 're all cooked . For the cookie dough that 's present in the ice cream , Dreyer 's is using heat-treated ingredients . " According to the CDC , between March 1 and Monday , 70 people in 30 states had been infected with a strain of E. coli . The ages of the people affected ranged from 2 to 57 years , though more than 70 percent were younger than 19 , and 75 percent were female , the agency said on its Web site . Twenty-five people had been hospitalized , and seven had developed a kidney failure called hemolytic uremic syndrome . No fatalities had been reported , it said . "  Preliminary results of this investigation indicate a strong association with eating raw prepackaged cookie dough , " the agency said . "  Most patients reported eating refrigerated prepackaged Nestle Toll House cookie dough products raw . " Though cooking the product would kill the bacteria , the agency did not recommend that people holding on to the company 's cookie-dough products do so , "  because consumers might get the bacteria on their hands and on other cooking surfaces . " The recall does not include Nestle Toll House morsels , which are used as an ingredient in many homemade baked goods , or other baked cookie products . CNN 's Louise Schiavone contributed to this story .	Nestle may lay off factory workers after illness linked to cookie dough 70 people in 30 states infected with a strain of E. coli . believed to originate in dough The company recalled about 300,000 cases of the product last week The factory also makes Buitoni products , but in separate facility
CNN  -- Richard Gasquet has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Court of Arbitration for Sport after the International Tennis Federation  ITF  and World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  failed in their appeal against the decision to overturn a ban he had received after testing positive for cocaine . The 23-year-old Frenchman had tested positive for the drug at the Sony Ericsson Open in Florida in March of this year and he was handed a provisional 12-month ban . But an ITF panel overturned the ban in July , accepting Gasquet 's claim that the substance was only in his system due to him kissing a woman who had taken cocaine at a nightclub . The ITF and WADA chose to appeal that decision with CAS , seeking a two-year suspension , with the world number 47 attending a hearing last month . A CAS press release read : "  The CAS panel decided to dismiss the appeals after having found that in this particular case Richard Gasquet had not committed any fault or negligence within the meaning of the ITF Anti-Doping Program . " The CAS panel also accepted Gasquet 's assertion of how traces of cocaine metabolite were found in his urine sample . The CAS statement continued : "  The panel based its ruling on the evidence provided by the experts called by both the player and the ITF , who agreed that the amount of cocaine metabolite was so minute that it must have reflected incidental exposure , rather than use in the amounts commonly taken by social users of cocaine . "  Furthermore , it was also established that the player was clearly not a regular cocaine user , even in very small amounts . As a consequence , the possibility of contamination became the most plausible explanation justifying the presence of cocaine metabolite in the player 's urine . "  On a balance of probability , the CAS panel concluded that it was more likely than not that the player 's contamination with cocaine resulted , as Gasquet always asserted , from kissing a woman in a nightclub in Miami on the day before the anti-doping test and that the player had met the required standards of proof with respect to the way of ingestion . "	Richard Gasquet has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Court of Arbitration for Sport The 23-year-old Frenchman tested positive for cocaine in a Miami nightclub last March But he appealed his ban , claiming the cocaine was in his system after kissing a woman who had taken the drug
EW.com  -- 2012 continued its box office winning streak this weekend , as Kate Beckinsale replaced herself at the top of the chart . Her new movie , "  Underworld Awakening , " a 3D fourth installment of the popular vampires vs. werewolves franchise , debuted in first place with $ 25.4 million , good for a $ 8,252 per theater average . "  Awakening " improved upon the opening weekend of its predecessor , 2009â $ ² s "  Underworld : Rise of the Lycans , " which started with $ 20.8 million  and did not feature Beckinsale  , but fell short of 2006â $ ² s "  Underworld : Evolution , " which kicked off its run with $ 26.9 million . Sony/Screen Gems paid $ 70 million to make the 3D action film , but if past "  Underworld " performances are any indication , "  Awakening , " which earned an "  A - " CinemaScore grade , will have trouble recouping its costs . The first "  Underworld " earned 2.5 times its opening weekend  that 's known as a mulitplier of 2.5  and finished with $ 51.8 million . The second notched a 2.4 multiplier and earned $ 62.3 million . The third only managed a 2.3 multiplier , a sure sign of sequel fatigue and frontloadedness , and grossed $ 45.8 million . With Kate Beckinsale back in the picture , "  Awakening " may find a larger total than "  Lycans , " but with a very young audience  only 7 percent were 50 or older  , it should continue the frontloaded trend and finish with about $ 56 million . In second place , George Lucas ' passion-project "  Red Tails , " a $ 58 million film starring Terrence Howard and Cuba Gooding Jr. that chronicles WWII 's African-American Tuskegee airmen , took off with $ 19.1 million in its first three days . The strong debut came out of 2,512 theaters , which gave "  Red Tails " a hefty $ 7,604 per theater average , the second-best in the Top 20 . A few weeks ago , these high-flying numbers seemed unlikely . But in the week leading up to release , the film gained momentum . Over the past few days , YouTube views for the trailer swelled , perhaps thanks to Tyler Perry 's public endorsement of the film . In a newsletter to his fans dated January 17 , Perry urged audiences to see "  Red Tails . " "  I think we should pull together and get behind this movie , " he wrote . "  Not just African Americans , but all of us . " Of course , that 's not to undermine Fox 's marketing team , which clearly did its job and brought in a broad range of ages . Many films that play primarily to African American audiences  or really , any niche audience  drop quickly in their second week -- Perry 's last three "  Madea " films have fallen by an average of 60 percent in their second weekends -- but "  Red Tails " may avoid a similar fate . The film increased by a whopping 40 percent from Friday to Saturday , a healthy sign that the film is playing well with families and should n't prove overly frontloaded . Furthermore , audiences enjoyed the film , issuing it an "  A " CinemaScore grade , which will likely help it endure . Who knows where the film will end its flight , but after three days of results , "  Red Tails " seems early in its ascent . Kate Beckinsale 's other current release , "  Contraband , " which topped the box office last week , dipped by 50 percent down to $ 12.1 million , giving the $ 25 million Mark Wahlberg action vehicle a sturdy $ 46.1 million ten-day total . It should finish in the $ 65 million range . "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close " fared about as expected during its wide release into 2,630 theaters . The 9/11 drama , adapted from Jonathan Safran Foer 's novel of the same name , found a lukewarm $ 10.5 million this weekend , yielding a mild $ 4,010 per theater average . Audiences generally liked the Warner Bros. picture , giving it an "  A - " CinemaScore grade , but unless "  Extremely Loud " garners a surprising slew of Oscar nominations next week , it 's doubtful that the film will climb to impressive numbers . In 2006 , another 9/11-themed film , "  United 93 , " opened with a similar $ 11.5 million , and despite good reviews  much better than "  Extremely Loud 's , " in fact  , it only found $ 31.5 million overall . A similar result seems likely in this case . Is Sandra Bullock the latest performer to fall prey to the Best Actress Curse ? As the legend goes , after an actress wins the coveted Oscar -- Bullock won in 2010 for her role in "  The Blind Side " -- her box office appeal actually decreases . Look at someone like Charlize Theron . Since winning the Oscar in 2004 , she has appeared in exactly one hit -- "  Hancock , " a movie which all but ignored her in its ads -- and among her other nine releases , the highest-grossing one is , sadly , "  Aeon Flux " with $ 25.9 million . I 'm not going to put too much faith in the curse , but "  Extremely Loud " does mark Bullock 's least-attended nationwide debut in 15 years . And for Hanks , the film is his second straight misfire since "  Larry Crowne , " which had to settle for $ 35.6 million . Difficult subject matter likely kept many audiences at bay . Steven Soderbergh 's "  Haywire " started its run in fifth place , pulling in $ 9 million . The film , which features former MMA fighter Gina Carano , earned a dismal "  D + " CinemaScore grade , despite strong critical reviews overall .  Another well reviewed action film , "  Drive , " earned a similarly unenthusiastic "  C - " grade a few months back .  Relativity shelled out $ 23 million on the film , but "  Haywire " will have to work hard to earn that number back at the box office .  Also , let 's please ignore the inevitable discussion of whether women can open action movies at the box office and look at this week 's number one film . Cool ? Further down the chart , "  The Artist , " which expanded from 216 theaters into 662 theaters  that 's a 300 + percent uptick in locations  on the heels of its Golden Globe win for Best Picture , increased by a rather disappointing 99 percent . After nine weeks , tons of awards , and a whole lot of press , the black-and-white film has earned $ 12.1 million against a $ 15 million budget . Perhaps people just do n't want to see a silent movie . "  The Descendants , " meanwhile , is faring much better during awards season . Following George Clooney 's Best Actor win at the Globes , the drama increased 17 percent to $ 2.5 million , despite losing 100 locations , and has grossed $ 51.3 million . Oh , and a little movie called "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " surpassed the $ 700 million mark worldwide as well . The vampire franchise has proven remarkably consistent . 1 . Underworld Awakening -- $ 25.4 million 2 . Red Tails -- $ 19.1 million 3 . Contraband -- $ 12.2 million 4 . Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close -- $ 10.5 million 5 . Haywire -- $ 9.0 million 6 . Beauty and the Beast 3D -- $ 8.6 million 7 . Joyful Noise -- $ 6.1 million 8 . Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol -- $ 5.5 million 9 . Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows -- $ 4.8 million 10 . The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo -- $ 3.8 million See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Underworld Awakening " debuted in first place with $ 25.4 million "  Red Tails " took off with $ 19.1 million in its first three days "  Contraband " dipped by 50 percent down to $ 12.1 million
New York  CNN  -- A New York City man and woman have been arrested in Manhattan , accused of possession of an explosive substance and a sawed off shotgun , authorities say . The pair also had a document that appears to be titled "  The Terrorist Encyclopedia , " according to court documents . Aaron Greene , 31 , and Morgan Gliedman , 27 , are charged with felony possession of an explosive with intent to use , and felony criminal possession of a weapon , the district attorney 's office said . Shortly after her arrest , Gliedman went into labor and gave birth to a daughter , whom she named Melody , according to Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Police say officers discovered the explosive substance at the couple 's Greenwich Village apartment while serving a warrant related to four counts of felony grand larceny against Gliedman involving credit card theft in February . In addition to a plastic container found in the living room containing "  a white powdery substance , " officers also found the sawed-off shotgun and multiple rounds of ammunition , police said . There also were numerous written items containing instructions on making explosive materials and bombs , police said , including the collection of pages that had a cover page saying "  the terrorist encyclopedia . " Fearing the substance to be an explosive material , police evacuated several buildings in the area Saturday morning . Sgt. Michael DeMarfio of the New York Police Department Bomb Squad later tested the powdery substance and confirmed that it was 7 grams of hexamethylene triperoxide diamine , or HMTD , which , according to court documents , is a highly explosive substance used in bombs . According to her Facebook account , Gliedman has an impressive educational pedigree . She claims to have attended The Dalton School , an Upper East Side Manhattan private prep school ; the Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University ; and the School of The Art Institute of Chicago , where she earned a master 's degree in creative writing . Police said Greene has had four prior run-ins with law enforcement , including a 2005 assault case for which he was sentenced to a year in jail and an arrest in February for alleged possession of a rifle , heroin , marijuana , prescription drugs and drug paraphernalia . On the latter occasion , Gliedman also was arrested and charged , police said . According to the district attorney 's office , Greene was arraigned Sunday afternoon and has a Friday court date . Gliedman is awaiting arraignment . Greene 's attorney , Lisa Pelosi , declined to comment Monday morning .	NEW : After her arrest , Gliedman gives birth to a daughter , a police official says Morgan Gliedman and Aaron Greene are charged with felony possession of an explosive Authorities say they found the explosive while serving warrants on Gliedman A collection of pages labeled "  The Terrorist Encyclopedia " also was found , police say
Prosecutors in Billings , Montana are looking for legal standing to fight a 30-day sentence handed down to a teacher who admitted to raping his 14-year-old student . The girl later took her own life . "  This case is very important . As I 've said before , this resulted in the loss of one of our young people in my community , " said Scott Twito , a prosecutor with the Yellowstone County attorney 's office . "  We take these charges very seriously . And we fight for those victims . " He said he strongly disagrees with the sentence District Judge G. Todd Baugh gave to Stacey Dean Rambold this week . CNN obtained a copy of a memo from Twito 's office to the Montana attorney general 's office , which is reviewing the case . In the letter , attorneys argue the relevant statue was "  misapplied and the minimum sentence that could be imposed in Rambold 's case was two years . " As prosecutors weigh a possible appeal , hundreds of protesters rallied at a Billings courthouse Thursday , demanding the judge step down . The protest was organized in part by the National Organization for Women . Demonstrators waved signs and called for a review of Baugh 's prior caseload , a reporter from CNN affiliate KTVQ said . One poster read simply : "  Resign . " Another said : "  Justice 4 Cherice , " referring to the teenage victim in the case , Cherice Moralez . "  The demand and goal of this is to ask the judge to resign . The broader message is to really unite as a community against victim-blaming , " said protest organizer Sheena Davis , adding that the protest aimed to address "  a larger issue on how we protect children from rape in this justice system . " So far , more than 33,000 people have signed a petition at MoveOn.org , demanding that Baugh resign . "  I told them the judge was wrong " Cherice 's mother is outraged that Rambold , who admitted raping the girl while he was a teacher at her high school , received only a month in prison , whereas Cherice took her own life . "  It discourages other kids from coming forward . If they come forward , what 's going to happen ? Nothing , " Auliea Hanlon , told CNN in an interview that aired Thursday night . She struggled to speak as she talked about trying to explain the sentence to her other children . "  They said , ` Oh , did he hurt her mom ? ' Well , yes he did . ` Oh , what happened to him ? ' Nothing , " she said , adding : "  I told them the judge was wrong . " In earlier interviews , Hanlon said she was particularly upset that the judge said Cherice "  seemed older than her chronological age " and was "  as much in control of the situation " as the teacher . "  How could she be in control of the situation ? He was a teacher . She was a student . She was n't in control of anything . She was 14 , " Hanlon told CNN . Baugh apologized on Wednesday . "  I made some references to the victim 's age and control , " he told KTVQ . "  I 'm not sure just what I was attempting to say at that point , but it did n't come out correct . What I said was demeaning to all women , not what I believe in and irrelevant to the sentencing . " About the sentencing itself , Baugh said he would file an addendum to the case file to "  better explain " his rationale . Case details The case began in 2008 when Cherice , then 14 , was a student at Billings Senior High School and Rambold , then 49 , was a teacher . Hanlon claims Rambold 's "  pre-sexual grooming " of her daughter led to the pair having sex . School officials learned of the relationship , and Rambold resigned . Later that year , authorities charged Rambold with three counts of sexual intercourse without consent . "  It 's not probably the kind of rape most people think about , " Baugh said . "  It was not a violent , forcible , beat-the-victim rape , like you see in the movies . But it was nonetheless a rape . It was a troubled young girl , and he was a teacher . And this should not have occurred . " As the case wound its way through the legal system , Cherice committed suicide . She was a few weeks shy of her 17th birthday . "  As a result of the sexual assault and its aftermath ,  Cherice  experienced severe emotional distress , humiliation and embarrassment and fell into irreversible depression that tragically led to her taking her own life on February 6 , 2010 , " Hanlon said in a complaint filed against Rambold . Hanlon told CNN the relationship was to blame for her daughter 's death . "  Well , it definitely had something to do with it , " she said . "  A teenager 's whole life is about school and their friends , and he turned everyone against her . " NYC police : Teacher accused of raping 10-year-old student The agreement With Cherice 's death , the prosecution entered into what is known as a "  deferred prosecution agreement " with Rambold . This meant that all charges against Rambold would be dismissed if he completed a sex-offender treatment program and met other requirements . One of them was to have no contact with children . Rambold admitted to one of the rape charges . But the ex-teacher fell short of the agreement . "  He had some contacts with nieces and nephews in a family setting and other adults were present , " Baugh said . He also had relationships with women that he did n't tell his counselors about . "  That is a violation from his deferred prosecution so he was dropped from the plan . " As a result , the case was revived in December 2012 . Canadian teen commits suicide after alleged rape The hearing At a hearing Monday , prosecutors asked the judge to send Rambold away for 20 years . The defense argued that Rambold has suffered enough . His lawyers said he lost his career and his marriage and has the "  scarlet letter of the Internet " due to the publicity surrounding the case , the Billings Gazette reported . Baugh ruled that Rambold 's infractions were n't serious enough . "  He made some violations of his treatment program , " he said . "  They were more technical and not the kind you would send someone to prison for . " He sentenced Rambold to 15 years in prison . Then , he suspended all but 31 days of the sentence , according to the Yellowstone County District Court . In addition , the judge gave him credit for one day he spent in jail . Incredulous at what had happened , Hanlon shouted at the court , "  You people suck ! " "  She was n't even old enough to get a driver 's license , " Hanlon said in a statement released by her attorney . "  But Judge Baugh , who never met our daughter , justified the paltry sentence saying she was older than her chronological age . I guess somehow it makes a rape more acceptable if you blame the victim , even if she was only 14 . " Baugh has defended his ruling . He told CNN he believes Rambold is "  treatable " and a "  low risk to re-offend . " Two videotaped interviews with Cherice -- one with the police department and one with the defense attorney -- were played in court , he said . "  She seemed older than her chronological age , " Baugh said . "  Basically what we had was a troubled young girl . " He added , "  I simply did not have the evidence to conclude that her taking her life was because of her sexual offense by Mr. Rambold . " Indian girl commits suicide over alleged gang rape	"  I told them the judge was wrong , " the victim 's mother tells CNN Protesters rally against Judge G. Todd Baugh at a Billings courthouse Cherice Moralez , 14 when she was raped , committed suicide before her 17th birthday Baugh apologizes for saying teen rape victim shared "  control " of situation
MUMBAI , India  Reuters  -- A newborn Indian baby found abandoned with 26 stab wounds has survived , doctors said on Wednesday , despite a cracked skull and exposed intestines . The baby boy , who doctors said was aged between one and two days , was discovered soaked in blood at a garbage dump in India 's financial capital of Mumbai on Tuesday , they said . His intestines were hanging out from a deep wound on his back and he had dirt and garbage stuck on him . "  When he was brought in he looked pale from blood loss , " said Ramesh Hatti , a doctor at a city hospital . "  He is still in a lot of pain but is now stable . " Police have not been able to trace the baby 's parents or establish a reason for the attack . Babies are sometimes abandoned by unwed Indian mothers , who fear severe social repercussions for having a child out of wedlock . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	A newborn Indian baby found abandoned with 26 stab wounds has survived The baby boy also suffered a cracked skull and exposed intestines Doctors said he was aged between one and two days Babies are sometimes abandoned by unwed Indian mothers
CNN  -- I have n't had a single Diet Coke in 2014 . It was a conscious health decision , and the only real side effect , now , is that the world is awful and I hate everything . Including puppies . Quite frankly , my life was much better when I drank Diet Coke . It had purpose . Mind you , that purpose was to spend seven hours a day in front of a urinal . But some really good ideas came out of that . "  Andrew , we should totally build an ark . " I 've actually written before about my Diet Coke addiction . It was legitimately bad . There was even a short period where it was pretty much all I drank . For instance , I would come home from a jog , tired and dehydrated having just spent a whole 20 minutes mildly exerting myself , and then I 'd take long , deep pulls from a two-liter bottle , fresh and cold right out of the fridge . Just do it . Of course I miss Diet Coke , and I still get the urges . But it usually ends after about an hour when one of the neighbors sees me crying in the street without pants and calls the cops . Thankfully , however , all that seems to be a thing of the past , because now there 's a new virtual reality video game that lets you digitally enjoy the greatest pleasure in all the world . It 's called Soda Drinker Pro . And it 's totally real . I played it . The game was created by 33-year-old Will Brierly of Cambridge , Massachusetts , and , like all good innovations , it was inspired by laziness . "  I woke up in the middle of the night and needed a soda , " he told me via e-mail . "  Unfortunately , I did n't have one , so I decided to make a simulated soda . " Amazingly , over the course of one day , Brierly created the first five levels of Soda Drinker Pro . Which is probably why the graphics are what some experts might call complete and utter crap . But that 's part of the Soda Drinker Pro charm . It 's purposefully absurd , and , remember , this thing was built in a day . So , the game is n't exactly Rome . It 's more like Tulsa . And the rules are pretty simple . You walk around different environments with a virtual soda in your hand , click left to put the straw up to your mouth , and then click right to simulate drinking . You hear the sound of draining fluid , and your soda levels deplete as you hold down the click . And that 's pretty much it . May the odds be ever in your favor . Truth be told , I did n't actually play long enough to get past levels one and two  the beach and the park , respectively  , but I 'm sort of hoping that one of the now 100-plus levels is a drainage ditch in Tijuana so I can recreate some of my darkest moments with Diet Coke . "  SeÃ ± or , usted estÃ ¡ asustando a los niÃ ± os . " Now , this might all sound a bit silly , and the bad graphics and simplistic game play are fine for goofing off on your Mac or PC , but Brierly has actually taken his "  first person soda " to the next legitimate level of gaming . He proudly boasts that it has Kinect support for Xbox One , and that console will also offer exclusive levels of drinking soda throughout time . Like the Roaring 20s . Or , say , 1972 . And Soda Drinker Pro even has Oculus Rift support . Note to Dad : Oculus Rift is that incredible virtual reality software Facebook bought for $ 2 billion . Note to Dad : Facebook is that website mom is always on . Note to Dad : Virtual reality is ... oh , screw it . Never mind . Beyond the fact that it 's catching on at all -- albeit ironically -- it 's also interesting that it 's happening now . Brierly created the game six years ago , but it took a rather captive audience to get it off the ground . He explains , "  I did n't show anyone except some friends , but last year I did a presentation of Soda Drinker Pro at a soda drinking convention in Providence . " You read that correctly . There 's literally something called the Providence Soda Club , and apparently they hold a convention . Which , I suppose , should n't be that unexpected . Rhode Island is so weird . It 's not even an island . It 's more like Tulsa . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Soda Drinker Pro is a virtual reality game that simulates enjoying a soft drink It started getting noticed after it was shown at a soda drinking convention in Providence The game is now ready for Xbox One and Oculus Rift
CNN  -- Assuming Pope Benedict XVI steps down as planned at the end of February , his tenure on Twitter will have been fleeting . The pope has been active on the social-media platform for only two months . During that time he has sent just 34 tweets -- 33 if you do n't count one that corrected a typo in a previous message . The spiritual leader of 1.2 billion Catholics stunned the world Monday with the news that he will resign February 28 "  because of advanced age . " Most of the pope 's messages to his 1.5 million followers have promoted Catholic doctrine and teachings , although he has also occasionally commented on current events , condemning violence in Nigeria and Syria . One tweet asked followers for suggestions on how to be more prayerful when "  we are so busy with the demands of work , families and the world ? " The first Catholic pope to use Twitter , he tweets under the handle @Pontifex -- meaning "  bridge builder " in Latin . All his messages have been retweeted by thousands of followers , although others have used Twitter to criticize the Catholic Church over sexual abuse by priests , its stance on gay marriage and other issues . Here are Pope Benedict XVI 's five most popular Twitter messages , as ranked by the number of retweets : .	The pope has been active on Twitter only since December 12 The spiritual leader stunned the world Monday with the news that he will resign February 28 He tweets under the handle @Pontifex -- meaning "  bridge builder " in Latin
A speech to Europe aimed at Russia sounded a lot like President Barack Obama 's successful campaign message from 2012 , especially when it came to gay rights . The address on Wednesday at the Palais Des Beaux-Arts in Brussels followed talks with European Union and NATO leaders on Russia 's military backed annexation of the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine . In making the case for a united stand against what he characterized as Russian aggression , Obama borrowed from the language that helped win him the White House for a second term . "  We believe in human dignity - that every person is created equal , no matter who you are , or what you look like , or who you love , or where you come from , " he said . Later , Obama reiterated criticism of Russian intolerance spawned by a law passed before the Sochi Olympics that outlawed promoting gay rights to children . Western ideals and values of openness and tolerance would endure long past repression , he argued . "  Instead of targeting our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters , we can use our laws to protect their rights , " he said . "  Instead of defining ourselves in opposition to others , we can affirm the aspirations that we hold in common . That 's what will make America strong . That 's what will make Europe strong . That 's what makes us who we are . " His comments came a day before Obama meets with Pope Francis in Vatican City in a visit that the White House says will focus on their shared commitment to helping the disadvantaged . Earlier this month , the Pope reaffirmed the Catholic Church 's opposition to gay marriage but suggested in a newspaper interview that it could support some types of civil unions . While reiterating the church 's longstanding teaching that "  marriage is between a man and a woman , " Francis said that "  we have to look at different cases and evaluate them in their variety . " In the wide-ranging interview published March 5 in Corriere della Sera , an Italian daily , the Pope noted that state-sanctioned unions can result from the need to ensure rights such as access to health care . The Catholic News Service called the comments "  the first time a Pope has indicated even tentative acceptance of civil unions . " Francis , who marked his papacy 's first anniversary on March 13 , has sought to set a more tolerant tone for his 1-billion-member church . Last June , the Pope refused to judge gay priests in comments that ricocheted around the world . He has also said that the church should not "  interfere " in the spiritual lives of gays and lesbians .	President Obama promotes Western values against Russian intolerance Instead of targeting gays and lesbians , use laws to protect their rights , Obama says His comments come a day before Obama meets with Pope Francis The Pope rejects gay marriage , but has talked about the rationale for civil unions
London  CNN  -- A tiny handwritten and unpublished manuscript by "  Jane Eyre " author Charlotte Bronte has sold for $ 1.07 m after it sparked a fierce bidding war between rival museums . The second issue of Bronte 's "  Young Men 's Magazine " -- written in 1830 when she was just 14 -- smashed pre-sale estimates of $ 310,000 to $ 465,000 , and set a record for manuscripts by the Bronte sisters . It contains three stories , written in Bronte 's tiny , cramped hand , one of which is said to prefigure the story of Bertha , Mr. Rochester 's insane wife in "  Jane Eyre . " It was bought by the Musee des Lettres et Manuscrits in Paris , where it will go on display in January . The Bronte Parsonage Museum , in the family 's hometown of Haworth , Yorkshire , had earlier launched an appeal to raise money to allow them to buy it , but were outbid in the sale at Sotheby 's in London . Philip Errington , director of the auction house 's books and manuscripts department , said the Bronte item was "  of huge literary significance . " "  The record price set today reflects the international interest in Charlotte BrontÃ "  's work . "  This tiny manuscript represents her first burst of creativity and provides a rare and intimate insight into one of history 's great literary minds . " The Bronte Parsonage Museum already owns four of the six manuscripts in the "  Young Men 's Magazine " series . The whereabouts of the sixth magazine are unknown . Charlotte Bronte  1816-1855  and her sisters Emily  1818-1848  and Anne  1820-1849  wrote some of the best-loved novels in the English language , including "  Jane Eyre , " "  Wuthering Heights " and "  The Tenant of Wildfell Hall . "	Parisian museum wins bidding war for unpublished Charlotte Bronte manuscript Bronte 's "  Young Men 's Magazine " was written in 1830 when she was just 14 Experts say miniature manuscript is "  of huge literary significance " One of the stories it contains is said to prefigure a key scene in "  Jane Eyre "
CNN  San Francisco General Hospital will soon have a new name and a new face -- thanks to Facebook . Specifically , it 's thanks to the social media giant 's founder , Mark Zuckerberg , and his wife , Dr. Priscilla Chan . The San Francisco General Hospital Foundation says the couple 's $ 75 million gift is "  believed to be the largest single private gift from individuals to a public hospital in the United States . It 's not just a substantial gift , but a personal one . Chan worked for years at the facility -- the Bay Area city 's lone trauma center -- during her pediatric residency . She came away struck by the importance of San Francisco 's main "  safety net " hospital  where more than 70 % of patients are underinsured or uninsured  , as well as impressed by those who work there . "  Day in and day out , I witness the compassion and dedication of my colleagues as they work tirelessly to deliver the best available care to all of our patients , " Chan said in a statement released Friday through the foundation . "  Mark and I are proud to support such an important public hospital . The General , as it 's known , is in the process of a "  rebuild " to create a nine-story , 453,000-square foot main hospital and new trauma center . It 's scheduled to open in December . Zuckerberg , posting  of course  on Facebook , said that "  our contribution ... will allow The General to double the size of its new Emergency Room and quadruple the number of beds , and provide state of the art equipment for healthcare providers and first responders . " "  We are so fortunate that our work in connecting the world through Facebook has given us the ability to give back to our local community , our country and the world -- and to work to improve education , health care and internet access for everyone , " he said . "  To serve our community in San Francisco , we can think of no better place to focus than The General . " In light of the pledge , the city has started the process of officially naming the facility Priscilla and Mark Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center , according to the foundation . It 's not common that someone , especially one going through the rigors of residency , pays back their employer rather than gets paid . Chan and Zuckerberg are in a position to break from the norm . Forbes reported last fall that Zuckerberg , 30 , had a net worth of $ 34 billion . So the hospital donation will hardly set him back much . Still , it fits a pattern of generosity by he and his wife , who the Chronicle of Philanthropy reports pledged $ 6.2 billion -- more than anyone else -- in 2013 alone . Even with her husband 's wealth , Chan has n't stopped working . The Braintree , Massachusetts , native met Zuckerberg at Harvard University , where both were students . They were a couple for years before getting married in 2012 . This happened days after Chan 's graduation from the University of California , San Francisco , medical school . Her Facebook profile says that she went on to work at UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital . During a 2012 interview with ABC News , Zuckerberg said that Chan 's work comes up regularly -- just like his does . "  She 's going to be a pediatrician , " he said then , "  so our dinner conversations are often about Facebook and the kids that she 's meeting . " No doubt such discussions fed into their donation to San Francisco General . While the couple now calls nearby Palo Alto home , they have long and deep ties to San Francisco . And , as Zuckerberg said Friday , "  We hope this contribution alongside the great work of other contributors , will help The General to continue to save lives and deliver care to everyone who needs it . "	Facility will become Priscilla and Mark Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital Mark Zuckerberg 's wife , Dr. Priscilla Chan , worked at hospital in residency Couple gives what a foundation says may be biggest donation to a U.S. public hospital
CNN  -- Though Sir David Frost does n't see his 1977 interviews with former President Richard Nixon as "  an intellectual ` Rocky ' " -- in the words of "  Frost/Nixon " playwright and screenwriter Peter Morgan -- he does agree that the sessions had their "  adversarial " moments . David Frost 's interviews of Richard Nixon were some of the most watched programs of their time . Particularly , he told CNN , when the topic turned to the Watergate scandal . "  By halfway through the second day -LSB- of the interviews -RSB- , we had got to the point that we had hoped to get to , " he said . "  And then it was a point of going further and trying to get more than we had really expected . " Nixon famously let down his guard , a moment depicted in in "  Frost/Nixon , " the new Ron Howard-directed film starring Frank Langella as Nixon and Michael Sheen as Frost . "  I 'm saying when the president does it , that means it 's not illegal , " Nixon said during the interview , cementing his ignominy . In some ways , the interviews were an odd topic for an award-winning play  and , now , well-reviewed and Golden Globe-nominated movie  . Frost and Nixon mostly sat together talking . There were no punches thrown , no fiery explosions , just conversation -- if occasionally contentious conversation . The sessions in raw form ran more than 28 hours , which was edited down to four 90-minute broadcasts . But in another sense , what happened had as much suspense as a heavyweight title bout , and "  Frost/Nixon " sets up the interviews by showing two men on undesired paths . Frost , the interviewer , was hoping to rejuvenate a career in decline ; Nixon , the ex-president , was hoping to repair his shattered image in the aftermath of Watergate . Watch Frost talk about the interviews " Neither figure could have predicted the face-off . Frost was a golden boy in the 1960s , the host of BBC series such as "  That Was the Week That Was " and "  The Frost Report , " satirical shows that gave such figures as John Cleese their start . Nixon had mounted an incredible political comeback from his 1960 presidential loss and 1962 California gubernatorial loss to be elected president in 1968 -- and re-elected in a tremendous landslide in 1972 . More than 30 years later , Frost remembers Nixon as a surprisingly awkward figure who , upon once discussing what they 'd done the previous evening , asked the host , "  Did you do any fornicating ? " "  It was amazing to discover how ... hopeless he was at small talk , " Frost told CNN . "  I mean , here was this incredible professional politician , a great pro . And he 'd never learnt small talk . " But Nixon could also be a charmer , he added . "  For 20 minutes at his house ... my girlfriend and I saw a carefree Nixon , " he recalled . "  For this 20 minutes , the curtain just lifted , " and Nixon showed them a guest room where Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev stayed , brought out caviar he 'd been sent by the Shah of Iran and asked for a Henry Kissinger impression . "  He was really carefree for 20 minutes , and then , just towards the end ... the screen came across again . " The former president , who died in 1994 , has been portrayed as a Shakespearean character -- often along the lines of Iago , King Lear or Richard III , depending on the performer -- in any number of projects , from Robert Altman 's 1984 "  Secret Honor , " which starred Philip Baker Hall as Nixon , to Oliver Stone 's 1996 film "  Nixon , " in which Anthony Hopkins played the lead role . Frost once characterized him as "  a living enigma , " a term he comes back to . "  He was the most fascinating man , " he said . "  I mean , an enigma . There 's never been anyone who was such an enigma in the Oval Office . ... Someone has to be pretty fascinating , pretty enigmatic , pretty Nixonian to keep one fascinated for 28 3/4 hours . " The original Frost/Nixon interviews are now available on DVD , and Frost has been pleasantly surprised at the public 's interest . "  We 've found that people are so interested in this film that they want to see , again , the original DVD of the Watergate -LSB- interview -RSB- , so we 've done that , " he said . " -LSB- The interviews -RSB- develop in the way of a whodunit . And you can see the texture change . In the first half ... you can see him saying ` no ' to everything and not admitting a thing and then -LSB- me -RSB- pushing him further . " Of course , "  Frost/Nixon " is a work of fiction . Many reviewers have made much of a scene in which a drunken Nixon makes a late-night phone call to Frost , an event that never happened . But the real Frost is pleased with how it all came out . "  There is 10 percent of fiction in the film , which no doubt improves the film . But what they got , they got ... absolutely right . " CNN 's Atika Shubert and Doug Ganley contributed to this article .	Sir David Frost conducted marathon interview sessions with Richard Nixon in '77 Broadcasts of interviews were closely watched , particularly Nixon on Watergate Sessions form backbone of new film "  Frost/Nixon , " based on hit play Frost remembers Nixon as "  hopeless at small talk , " shrewd in other ways
CNN Student News  -- September 8 , 2014 Before-and-after pictures illustrate the extent of California 's record-setting drought , while new research suggests it could lead to an increase of minor earthquakes . That story , plus a report on a presidential pivot regarding an executive order , lead off today 's program . We 'll also discuss inventions that could change biking and building as we know them . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- A storm system unleashed a tornado that slammed communities in northern Arkansas , damaging homes and destroying a church , officials said Wednesday evening . At least three injuries were reported in Van Buren County . Some 33 homes and a business were damaged in the county , said Tommy Jackson of the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management . The tornado demolished the sanctuary , fellowship area , classrooms and a pavilion at Botkinburg Foursquare Church , its pastor told CNN . "  If the tornado would have come an hour and a half later we would have been caught in it , " said Senior Pastor Ester Bass , referring to Wednesday night services . No members of the church were injured . A passing motorist who parked his truck in the church drive-through to get out of the dangerous weather had a close call , however , when the storm struck . "  It shook the truck and just lifted the roof right off the drive-through , " said Bass . "  He was all right . " Bass , 63 , said his congregation of about 100 was left stunned . "  It is just devastating . My wife and I are just torn , " Bass said . "  We put a lot of sweat and hard work and it was paying off . The church was growing . " As church leaders prepared to meet with their insurance adjuster , the pastor was thankful for a loyal membership . "  They will be with me , " said Bass . "  They are ready to buckle down and do what we have to . With the Lord 's help , we are going to rebuild . " According to the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center , a Van Buren County highway was blocked by fallen trees and an 18-wheeler truck was overturned . John Robinson , a meteorologist in the National Weather Service 's Little Rock office , said the tornado tracked from the community of Scotland to Botkinburg . "  It weakened fairly soon after that , " he said . Another storm formed after that . Damage also was reported in Viola in Fulton County , near the Missouri border , and in Conway , Lincoln and White counties . About 15 homes were damaged in Izard County , Jackson said . Storm spotters reported damaged and overturned vehicles along U.S. 65 , north of Clinton . Video footage from CNN affiliate KATV showed toppled trees and twisted building girders at one damage location . Scotland , according to Robinson , suffered a fatality and major damage to a highway and homes in a major February 2008 tornado . The severe weather season started late in Arkansas , according to Robinson , because of a chilly March . "  It has been a very slow year . " Thus far in 2013 , six tornadoes have been reported , about half the normal number . CNN 's Dave Alsup and meteorologist Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly three dozen homes damaged in one county alone Church members "  devastated " by loss Tornado reported west of Clinton , National Weather Service says Highway blocked by trees , 18-wheeler truck overturned
CNN  -- Hillsborough County , Florida , Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone at his station at a county jail facility near Tampa when an inmate attacked him with no warning . Moon , 64 , was no match for Douglas Burden , 24 , in custody on various drug charges . With Moon still in his chair , Burden put him in a choke hold and pulled tight . And then , surveillance video of the Monday attack showed , other inmates jumped into the fray . But the other inmates joined the fight on the guard 's side , pulling Burden away from Moon and punching him in the head . One inmate grabbed Moon 's radio and called for back-up . The inmates held Burden down until other guards arrived as one of them extended a hand to help Moon up , according to the video . Col. James Previtera , commander of Hillsborough County 's Department of Detention Services , told reporters he believed that the inmates "  saved the deputy 's life . " "  The response of the inmates in this case , I think , speaks volumes as to the fact that we treat these men and women ... in our facilities with a lot of respect , " Previtera said . Previtera said that Burden was moved to administrative confinement after the attack and that Moon was not seriously hurt .	Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone when an inmate attacked him with no warning Incident at county jail facility in Hillsborough County , Florida , near Tampa Other inmates helped guard , called for backup
CNN  -- One of Australia 's largest supermarket chains has come under fire for an online job ad that specified that "  no Indians or Asians " should apply . The ad , which sought cleaners at a Coles supermarket near the Tasmanian capital of Hobart , sparked condemnation after it was posted Sunday , according to Australian media reports . Coles said the offending ad was placed by a cleaning subcontractor without the company 's knowledge , in a written statement from spokesperson Jim Cooper . "  Coles is a proud , equal-opportunity employer and at no time have we ever issued the directives contained in this ad . " The company said it was "  extremely concerned to learn of the ad and its contents " and has terminated the subcontractor 's services as a result . It said it will also retrain its cleaning contractor on equal opportunity employment policies . The ad has since been removed from the popular Gumtree classifieds website . "  I 'm certainly going to look at commencing an investigation into what 's happeningâ $ " the role of Gumtree , what Coles ' role was , and find out more details about the subcontractor , " said Tasmania 's Anti-Discrimination Commissioner Robin Banks . She said the ad was clearly "  discriminatory on the basis of race " and a breach of the Tasmania Anti-Discrimination Act . Banks said she would examine whether Coles "  fulfilled its obligations to ensure its agents do not engage in discrimination , " while Gumtree may have breached the Act by permitting the publication of discriminatory advertising , she added . Banks said that while she has encountered discriminatory job ads in newspapers and other websites , this was the first case she has seen involving Gumtree . "  It happens every so often , " she said , adding that in her experience , newspaper editors have been "  very responsive " in improving procedures to vet ads and setting up training for their staff . In addition to media reports , Banks was alerted to the Coles ad through a post to her personal Facebook page . This showed that the community cares about fighting discrimination , she said . "  One of the things we 're trying to encourage in Australia , especially in Tasmania , is for people to do something about it  discrimination  , to report it . " India and China are among the most common countries of birth of non-native Australians . According to the 2011 census , 1.4 % of the country 's population is Indian-born , and 1.5 % hail from mainland China .	Australian supermarket chain under fire for online job ad that specified "  no Indians or Asians " should apply Coles said ad was placed by cleaning subcontractor without its knowledge Coles said subcontractor has been fired and it will retrain contractor on equal employment policies Tasmania 's Anti-Discrimination Commissioner will investigate Coles , website , and subcontractor
CNN  -- When it comes to the horror of bringing a playoff system to the big boys of college football , there are several things for members of the Knee-Jerk Society of America to think about . The problem is , they do n't wish to think . They prefer emotion . Mostly , they fume over the current system that chooses a national champion through a combination of polls and computers with the so-called Bowl Championship Series . They say a playoff system is the best way to determine a champion on the field , and they are correct . But only if you ignore things you have to ... think about . For instance : Name those screaming the loudest about a playoff system for the Alabamas , the Ohio States and the Southern Californias . Schedule of 2011-12 college bowl games The fans ? Yep , because they are , well , fans . The coaches ? Uh-huh . In their minds , a playoff system gives them the chance to add millions to their millions . The media ? Definitely . They have airwaves , cyberspace and newsprint to fill , and if you 're ESPN or the networks , a playoff system gives you the chance to add billions to your billions . Guess who gets ignored ? The players . Pro players get paid for their sacrifices regarding extra games , but college players do n't . And that 's just for starters . Consider that every team in the Football Bowl Subdivision  formerly Division 1-A  has about 120 players . On the high side , an average of five or six of those players make NFL training-camp rosters . Of the nearly 110 left , maybe 40 believe they should have made an NFL training-camp roster . So , a large portion of that 40 joins those five or six in spending more time studying playbooks than textbooks . That leaves roughly 70 student-athletes on a team each season doing whatever it takes to get a degree -- and it takes a lot for that group , even without an extra game or three . Just one extra game means a slew of more practices , film sessions and team meetings for those student-athletes . "  A playoff system certainly would have its challenges , and it 's already a challenge now , " said Roddy Jones , a four-year starter at running back for Georgia Tech . He is a three-time Academic All-Atlantic Coast Conference player , and he has earned his undergraduate degree in management along the way to seeking an MBA . Not only that , Jones is part of an advisory council involving Georgia Tech athletes and administrators . He said an average day for a football student-athlete can start as early as 6:30 a.m. , stretch through the end of a tutoring session at 9 p.m. and continue with more studying at the dormitory . "  Time management is the biggest thing , " Jones said . "  People just see the games on Saturdays , but we 're practicing Monday through Friday , and we have classes every day as well . A traditional student has the weekend to get a project done . We do n't have that liberty , because we 're in a hotel on Fridays , getting ready for the games . It can be a mental grind . " And that 's without a playoff system . That 's also coming from Jones , among the elite of student-athletes , who added , "  A lot of those games with playoffs would come during finals weeks or at other times that are very stressful for any student , particularly for a student-athlete . " OK , so you could n't care less whether Johnny can read or write . You just want to know whether Johnny can punt , pass or kick . Tell me this : A playoff system would have how many games , and who 's to say it would n't keep expanding before expanding some more ? While several athletics directors want a "  plus one " approach featuring a championship game after the 35 bowl games , others want two semifinal games and then a championship game . President Obama wants eight teams playing three rounds . Washington State coach Mike Leach wants 64 teams . No doubt , others would n't mind putting all of the Football Bowl Subdivision 's 120 teams in the postseason . Where would you play these games ? The site of current bowl games , you say , or maybe NFL stadiums , neutral sites or various places on the dark side of the moon ? How many -- if any -- of these locations would be available ? If you use bowls , which ones ? And since the bulk of the TV and advertising revenue would flow to playoff games , what would happen financially to the bulk of the bowls without playoff games ? How would you choose the participants for a playoff system , and would n't that create more controversy ? I know . They have a playoff system in college basketball called March Madness , but here 's something else I know : The academic status of participating dribblers often has been a disaster . In fact , if the new academic rules that the NCAA adopted this fall were in place last spring , Connecticut would n't be allowed to defend its national championship . Connecticut barely would have made the tournament . I also know they have a playoff system for the lower levels of college football . The one for the Football Championship Subdivision  formerly Division 1-AA  began November 26 , and it will end with the championship game January 7 . Here 's something else I know : The last NCAA report on the financial status of its schools at the highest level was for the 2009-10 season , and it showed that only 22 out of those 120 athletics departments turned a profit . Which raises the question : How many football programs for those schools would agree to lose revenue by slicing regular-season games to keep a playoff system from lasting until Valentine 's Day ? Zero . Oh , and home attendance in the playoffs for teams at those lower levels is frequently lower than their regular-season games . Such was the case last season for traditional FCS powers Delaware and Appalachian State , and such is the case this year for North Dakota State , according to its sports information department . I say that because Georgia fans dominated the Georgia Dome this month for the Southeastern Conference title game . Their LSU counterparts were sparse . Word back in Baton Rouge was that LSU fans were saving their money for the Bowl Championship Series title game next week in New Orleans between LSU and Alabama . Which raises another question : How many folks would travel multiple times to see their team during a playoff system involving the big boys ? The answer ? Just leave the current system alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terence Moore .	A playoff system for college football would be a big mistake , says Terence Moore For one thing , student-athletes would have even less time for studying , he says Moore : Where would you play the games ? And how would participants be chosen ? Home attendance in the playoffs for teams at lower levels is frequently low , Moore says
CNN Student News  -- February 3 , 2014 Science and politics headline this February 3 edition of CNN Student News : A volcano erupts in Indonesia , and an election hits snags in Thailand . We also begin Black History Month by looking at some memorable quotes from African-American leaders . And we report on an armless football player who 'll stop at nothing to succeed . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were producing a program on Black History Month , what people and events would you include , and why ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Ring of Fire 2 . Bangkok , Thailand 3 . democracy Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is Mount Sinabung located ? What happened there on Saturday ? 2 . Why are the Thai voters outside the polling station angry ? What did they eventually do ? How did authorities respond ? Why were some voters boycotting the election ? How has Thailand 's prime minister responded to their charges ? 3 . Who is Isaac Lufkin ? What sport and position does he play ? How would you describe his personality ? According to Isaac 's coach , what does he do for his team ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Based on what you saw in the video , how would you describe the political situation in Bangkok , Thailand ? What do you think the voter in the video means when she says , "  One man , one vote " ? How do you think that a member of the opposition might respond ? Have you heard this phrase used anywhere else ? Explain . 2 . Do you find any of the historic quotes from famous African-Americans especially relevant today ? Explain . Who do you think are some of the most inspirational figures in Black History ? What have you learned from each of their stories ? 3 . When asked about what his impact on his teammates , Isaac says , "  Now they ca n't be lazy . " What do you think he means ? Do you find that you are inspired to do more when you see others who do n't let adversity get in their way ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The search for a second-grade student who disappeared last week after he arrived at his Portland , Oregon , elementary school intensified Monday . Kyron Horman , 7 , did not return home Friday from Skyline Elementary School , police said . According to investigators , the boy 's stepmother said she last saw Kyron on Friday morning while he was walking down the hallway toward his classroom . "  There was a science fair here at the school , " Portland Public Schools spokesman Matt Shelby told CNN . "  You had a situation with lots of parents and friends coming through the school , going class to class . " "  Kyron was here with his stepmother , seen with his stepmother , " Shelby said . The science fair was held before the beginning of classes , Shelby added , "  so working parents could come and participate . " The Multnomah County sheriff 's office reported that no one at the school saw Kyron after 8:45 a.m. Friday and that the child never made it to his classroom . Searches in the school area were conducted Friday and over the weekend by several agencies , including the Portland Police Bureau , Gresham Police Department , Fairview Police Department , Oregon State Patrol , and the FBI . Authorities have also utilized Portland Police Bureau 's air unit in an attempt to locate the child . "  My heart , and the hearts of everyone who is a part of Portland Public Schools , goes out to Kyron Horman and his family , " Superintendent Carole Smith said in a written statement . "  We are all wishing for Kyron 's safe return as quickly as possible and we are grateful for the efforts of all the law enforcement agencies who have worked so tirelessly over the past 48 hours to determine the cause of Kyron 's disappearance , locate him and return him safely home . "  The reported disappearance of a student from one of our schools is unprecedented and deeply troubling . Portland Public Schools is doing everything we can to assist the authorities in their effort to find Kyron . " Counselors have been made available today to children and teachers at Kyron 's school , Shelby said . "  Our focus is on supporting the students and staff , " he said . Anyone with information on Kyron Horman 's whereabouts is asked to call the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office at 503-261-2847 .	NEW : A science fair was being held the morning Kyron Horman disappeared The boy went missing after arriving at his elementary school His stepmother says she last saw him walking toward his classroom A multiple-agency search has not located the 7-year-old
It 's a political axiom that the closer Congress gets to an election , the less work it gets done . But here 's the current math : what 's less than nothing ? And if you do even less than nothing , at what point does it become completely counterproductive and silly ? We 've reached it . Have you noticed lately that real ideas are out of vogue ? A serious GOP committee chairman makes a big â $ " and , yes , controversial -- proposal to reform the tax code . Here 's how his ultimate leader , House Speaker John Boehner , reacts when asked about parts of the plan : "  Blah , blah , blah blah . " No kidding . The President , who once endorsed an idea to change the way Social Security benefits are calculated as a way to curb its growth , has now said "  Never mind . " It wo n't be in his budget , for fear that his liberal base would desert him over it . Republicans , who started the year saying that immigration reform should be on the agenda , are now saying , as the speaker put it , the President ca n't be "  trusted " to implement any serious measure . And Democrats say the President ca n't be trusted to do a trade agreement without angering the important constituency of organized labor , so bye-bye "  fast track " trade bill . Bill to help veterans fails Truth is , it is n't about trust at all . It 's about winning in 2014 . And an important part of winning , it seems , is to paper over all dissent within your own party in order to present a united front to the voters . So the election will be this : Us or them ? Obamacare or no Obamacare ? Do you like me better ? Do you like government ? Do you like poor people or rich people ? That 's our debate -- the sum total of our big ideas right now . Not wanting to start any fights within your own party . Unity above all heading into the midterm elections . So maybe Congress should just close up shop and leave town because nothing is going to happen for the next nine months . Just turn off the lights . Both parties are making the same political calculation for the same reason : They ca n't afford to have any internal debate lest they seem less than united against the enemy . Turns out that the permanent campaign is still alive and well . Here 's the glitch in this narrative : Voters , it turns out , actually want some solutions to problems . They want to see the deficit go down ; they want to find a way to fix immigration . A majority  63 %  is worried the country is on the wrong track . And , according to a new CBS/New York Times poll , eight in 10 Americans are fed up with Washington . Somehow , voters have n't gotten the message that Congress -- in its steadfast intent to accomplish nothing -- is just trying to appeal to them . But remember what happened to Mitt Romney 's campaign . Romney lost for lots of reasons , but one of them was sticking too long to the assumption that if people were unhappy with the direction of the country and the other guy , that would be enough to win . It was n't . The candidate mattered . And ideas mattered , too . The "  big " GOP idea this time is to bash Obamacare , relentlessly , endlessly , in a continual loop . Sure , it 's unpopular , but what about if it starts working for people ? What if people are sick of hearing about it now that the website is working ? And what if people are more inclined to mend it than end it ? If Obamacare is the only trick in the bag , it might not be enough . Then there 's the Democrats ' income inequality refrain . It 's not new , it can work , and sure , it unites the Democrats . But by taking almost everything of substance off the table , it 's the President 's legacy and record of achievement that gets compromised , along with the voters . The truth is this : It 's a tight political fight . Polls right now show that the public , by a small 42 % -39 % margin , would back Republicans for office in the 2014 midterm elections . They 're not thrilled with the President 's job performance . They have soured on the President personally , and they can barely stomach the Congress . So what 's the political solution ? No substance , no ideas , no serious debate that might actually engage voters . Each side suits up , armed with its slogans and its bromides . And we inevitably re-elect the Congress we hate .	Gloria Borger : It 's a given that Congress does little approaching an election She says it appears that in 2014 , Congress will do even less than normal GOP is betting that it can win on Obamacare criticism , but what if that does n't work , she asks Boehner snubs tax reform ; Obama drops Social Security changes
CNN  -- Douglas Cootey is replacing his lightbulbs with brighter ones , but not just to see better . The new broad spectrum lights simulate sunlight , and might help enliven his mood in the gloomy winter months . A light box like the one shown here may help some people combat seasonal depression in winter . Cootey , a stay-at-home dad in Salt Lake City , Utah , has struggled with depression for 16 years and shares his story with others on his blog , The Splintered Mind . He said he started to notice last year that his depression was harder to manage in the winter . His challenge , he told CNN , is "  keeping a positive and upbeat attitude in the face of a chemical onslaught induced by winter . " He realized that his symptoms fit those of seasonal affective disorder , a condition that typically generates depression during autumn and winter and then goes away in the sunnier months . In rarer cases , people can suffer from it only in summer . "  I set the clock back and look at this : I 've been so unproductive , " Cootey said . "  Now that I know what 's going on , I 'm trying to counteract it . ' Between 4 and 6 percent of the U.S. population suffers from seasonal affective disorder , according to the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio , but 10 to 20 percent of the population may suffer from more mild winter doldrums . SAD is more common in women in their 20s , 30s , and 40s , the Cleveland Clinic says . Some people may be genetically predisposed to SAD , but the environment can trigger it as well , said Ignacio Provencio , a biology professor at the University of Virginia . Learn about other mood disorders " A recent study led by Provencio shows that a genetic mutation in the eye could play a role in seasonal affective disorder . The mutation makes a person with SAD less sensitive to light . The photopigment gene is called melanopsin , which helps detect colors . "  Being able to look at one 's DNA and seeing that you 're a carrier or contain two copies of this gene may be able to , in the future , allow one to predict whether or not they will be susceptible to this disease , " Provencio said . The information may also help predict which people with seasonal affective disorder will respond to light therapy , because the mutated genes involve light sensitivity , he said . Light therapy works for some people , experts say , by mimicking outdoor light and promoting a biochemical change in the brain that improves mood . The researchers looked at 220 people , including 90 nondepressed people and 130 people diagnosed with the disorder . In this group , seven people with seasonal affective disorder had two mutated copies of the gene . The study results make sense to Dr. David Baron , chairman of Temple University 's Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Science in Philadelphia . The study is "  consistent with the literature on understanding genetics in vulnerability to illness , " he said . But Stephen Josephson , associate professor at Cornell University Medical Center-New York Hospital and Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons , said the study points to a correlation but does not constitute definitive proof . Although the specific causes of the disorder are n't known , some biological factors might contribute to it . Circadian rhythm , which helps regulate the body 's internal clock , may be disrupted with the drop in sunlight in fall and winter , MayoClinic.com says . Other research indicates that the brain chemical serotonin and the sleep-related hormone melatonin may play a role , MayoClinic.com says . Although seasonal affective disorder symptoms typically kick in around late autumn or early winter , some people experience "  summer depression , " accompanied by symptoms such as anxiety , insomnia , irritability , agitation , and poor appetite , according to MayoClinic.com . Experts say seasonal affective disorder is more prevalent in places farther from the equator . Someone who has a genetic predisposition to SAD may not have problems if he or she lives in Singapore , for example , Baron said . Some people with seasonal affective disorder use a light box , a device that shines a bright light similar to outdoor light , which a patient sits in front of for a half hour or hour a day , Josephson said . Experts say consult a doctor if you feel you may have seasonal affective disorder . Certain cases require antidepressants or other medications , but some people manage it through light therapy or psychotherapy . For winter depression , MayoClinic.com also recommends exercising regularly and , if possible , taking vacations to warmer , sunnier places . Cootey said this winter he will try to learn how to ski and ice skate . He recommends finding a support community , such as an online forum or his blog , The Splintered Mind . He also finds relying on humor keeps spirits up . He has relied on cognitive behavioral therapy to manage depression for 16 years . With a therapist , he tries to identify what triggers the disorder or other problems . "  Change your thinking , change your life . Mind over mood . These are the mantras that keep me in control of my depression and will help me overcome , or at least manage SAD , " he said .	Between 4 and 6 percent of the U.S. population suffers from SAD Light therapy , psychotherapy , and medications are treatment options Recent research indicates genetic component to the condition
The cafe siege in the heart of Sydney ended early Tuesday with the death of the gunman and two of his hostages -- but a great deal of unanswered questions remain . "  This has been an absolutely appalling and ugly incident , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said , noting that Sydney had been "  touched by terrorism for the first time in more than 35 years . " Details have emerged about the two hostages who died amid the siege 's chaotic final moments -- and about the man who held them and others captive . But with police still investigating what happened during the 16 long hours of the hostage taking , here 's a summary of what we know and do n't know about key aspects of the story : THE VICTIMS What we know : Authorities have identified the two hostages who were killed : Katrina Dawson , 38 , and Tori Johnson , 34 . A growing number of tributes are being paid to Dawson , a lawyer , and Johnson , the manager of the cafe . Dawson , a mother of three , worked down the street from the cafe . Johnson had been employed by Lindt for more than two years . What we do n't know : How exactly they died . Unconfirmed reports in Australia media suggest both Dawson and Johnson may have been killed trying to protect others . The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported that Johnson was trying to wrestle the gun from the hostage taker . The Courier Mail reported that Dawson was trying to defend a pregnant colleague . Police have declined to comment on the reports , saying what happened is still under investigation . THE GUNMAN What we know : The hostage-taker has been named as Man Haron Monis , a 50-year-old man who was born in Iran and settled in Australia . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott described Monis as "  a deeply disturbed individual  with  a long history of crime , a long history of mental instability and infatuation with extremism . " He pleaded guilty last year to writing offensive letters to the families of Australian troops . He was also facing charges of being an accessory to murder , as well as over 45 sexual and assault related offenses , according to authorities . What we do n't know : Why he was n't being more closely monitored ? Abbott summed up the questions on many people 's minds Tuesday when he asked at a news conference , "  How can someone who has had such a long and checkered history not be on the appropriate watch lists and how can someone like that be entirely at large in the community ? " He said Australian authorities would be looking at those questions "  in the days and weeks ahead . " THE MOTIVE What we know : During the siege , Abbott said the hostage-taker "  sought to cloak his actions with the symbolism of the  ISIS  death cult , " referring to the terrorist group that has seized control of large areas of Iraq and Syria . According to his website and social media posts , Monis styled himself as a Muslim cleric , espousing extremist views . After he settled in Australia , Monis "  became sympathetic to what he perceived ... was the victimization of Muslims and Islamists around the world , " his former lawyer Manny Conditsis told CNN . But his bigger cause , according to Conditsis , was lobbying the Australian government against sending troops to fight in wars on foreign soil like Afghanistan , where Monis said innocent women and children were being killed . Monis was "  intensely conflicted and contradicted and inconsistent , " Conditsis said . What we do n't know : What Monis was trying to achieve by taking hostages in the cafe . The full picture is yet to emerge of what demands he made of authorities . Australian media reported Monday that he requested an ISIS flag and a phone call with Abbott . Conditsis said that when he represented Monis last year , he "  never , ever spoke of physical violence of any kind . " He suggested that something might have happened in the intervening months that caused him "  to become unhinged . " Monis ' last tweet linked to his website , with a message posted the day of his attack on the Sydney cafe : "  If we stay silent towards the criminals we can not have a peaceful society . The more you fight with crime , the more peaceful you are . " THE SIEGE What we know : After around 16 hours of the agonizing standoff , police moved in after hearing gunfire inside the cafe , according New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew P. Scipione . The Courier Mail reported that a technical support sniper positioned on the second floor of a building opposite the store made the call -- "  Hostage down ... window two " -- that changed the course of events . Police say they believe Monis was acting alone . Besides the two people who were killed , four others were wounded by gunshots and two pregnant women were being assessed for health and welfare , police said . All of them were reported to be in stable condition . What we do n't know : What exactly happened inside the cafe . While reports of what took place are emerging in the Australian media , authorities are staying tight-lipped as investigations continue . "  We 're clearly speaking to those victims and we 're clearly speaking to other witnesses . But this is going to take a bit of time to piece this together because a lot of those people are quite traumatized , " said New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn . THE REACTION What we know : Australian leaders have applauded the reaction of their citizens , pointing to the large numbers of flowers being laid at the scene of the siege in tribute to the victims . "  People have gone about their business and in the aftermath of the end of the siege last night , people have responded with typical Australian decency and generosity , " Abbott said . Muslim leaders in Australia quickly condemned the hostage taking as "  a criminal act " that has no place in Islam . Amid fears that Australian Muslims could become the targets of retaliatory attacks , Twitter users offered to accompany Muslims wearing religious clothes on public transport as a gesture of solidarity . The social media campaign took off , with the hashtag #illridewithyou becoming the top trending hashtag globally in a few hours . Meanwhile , the New South Wales police announced Tuesday that it was launching a three-week operation across Sydney focused on "  high-visibility policing , increased presence in public places and public transport hubs . " What we do n't know : What the future holds . The cafe siege has raised troubling questions about the possibility of more so-called "  lone wolf " attacks . "  The tragedy of these times is that there are people , even in a society such as ours , who wish to do us harm , " Abbott said . "  We are not immune to the politically motivated violence which has for so long stalked other countries . " In recent months , Australia introduced some of the toughest anti-terrorism laws in the world and raised the national terrorism alert level . But Abbott said that authorities can only do so much to prevent attacks without prior warning and knowledge . "  Even if this individual -- this sick and disturbed individual -- had been front and centre on our watch lists , even if this individual had been monitored 24 hours a day , it 's quite likely , certainly possible , that this incident could have taken place , because the level of control that would be necessary to prevent people from going about their daily life would be very , very high indeed , " the Prime Minister said . The scene in Sydney : Grenades and gunfire	The hostages who died are identified as Katrina Dawson and Tori Johnson It 's unclear what exactly happened in the final moments of the siege Authorities are trying to figure out why the gunman was n't on terrorist watch lists Described as "  deeply disturbed , " the attacker 's aims and motive remain uncertain
CNN  -- The Premier League is supposed to be the most exciting in the world -- but there 's something a little too predictable about it all this season . A decade ago , Arsenal won the title without losing a single game and was hailed as ` invincible ' as it triumphed in 26 of its 38 fixtures . Now , 10 years later , there is a feeling that a new generation of invincible players are ready to emerge -- and they are wearing the blue of Chelsea . Another victory on Wednesday night , this time against Tottenham , takes Chelsea 's unbeaten run to 14 league games and 21 in all competitions this season . Jose Mourinho 's side sit six points clear at the top of the table ahead of Manchester City , the defending champion . Ostensibly , this is a two-horse race with Manchester United and Arsenal already well off the pace and Liverpool enduring a dismal start to the campaign . City , 4-1 winners at Sunderland courtesy of another couple of goals from the irrepressible Sergio Aguero , are still in the hunt , but there is something about this Chelsea side which makes it look so imperious . Already through to the last-16 of the Champions League and the quarterfinal of the League Cup , Mourinho has downplayed his side 's chances of winning the quadruple before it enters the FA Cup in January . While such an achievement would be a stupendous achievement , the immediate question of securing the league title appears slightly more realistic . A 3-0 victory over London rival Tottenham was achieved with minimum fuss and the usual efficiency as Chelsea recovered from the surprise of only managing a goalless draw at Sunderland last weekend . "  We played against a very good team and they showed that during some periods in the game , " Mourinho told the BBC . "  They started better than us and should have scored before us , but after our first goal our team became more stable and confident and we controlled the game . "  I 'm really happy with the points , performance and spirit of the players . It 's too heavy a result , though , for Tottenham . " There is nothing more appetizing to a Chelsea team than the visit of Tottenham -- a team which folds as soon as someone inside Stamford Bridge as much as sneezes . Tottenham 's last win at Chelsea was back in 1990 and in the previous 57 meetings between the two sides , Spurs had managed just five victories . So even when the visiting side made a strong start to the contest and Harry Kane hit the crossbar , there were few imagining anything other than a Chelsea victory . They were to be proved correct of course . Eden Hazard and Didier Drogba both scored both the interval before Loic Remy added a third to seal the points . Spurs will not be the last team to be given a beating by Chelsea this season , this was the 11th time Mourinho 's side have tasted success in 14 league games . City slickers Chelsea 's main challenge looks set to come from Manchester City which breezed to victory at Sunderland , a place where it has struggled in the past . City remained in touch at the top after coming from behind to win at Sunderland with Aguero playing a starring role yet again . The Argentine striker scored twice with Steven Jovetic and Paolo Zabaleta also on target after Sunderland had taken a surprise lead . Aguero , who has now scored 66 Premier League goals in 101 appearances , has managed 14 so far this season . Elsewhere , Arsenal grabbed a dramatic late winner to see off Southampton 1-0 . Alexis Sanchez netted in the 89th minute to fire Arsenal to within two points of the Champions League places . "  It was a difficult game against a good side but we deserved to win , it was a victory of patience and intelligence and we kept our structure well , " Arsene Wenger , the Arsenal manager , told the BBC . "  We were jaded physically but Alexis Sanchez can dig deep and has such desire and a will to win , he still finds that resource to get you something special . " In the night 's other game , Everton was held to a 1-1 draw by Hull City .	Chelsea makes it 14 games unbeaten in Premier League Jose Mourinho 's side remains in pole position Manchester City comes from behind to win Arsenal leaves it late to beat Southampton
CNN  -- Sandwiched between Hong Kong and Shenzhen -- two of the world 's busiest metropolises -- lies a Cold War-era anomaly : a 26 square kilometer green zone that is home to isolated villages , fishponds and flocks of migratory birds . Little more than 50m to the north , beyond the mesh fence and barbed wire that mark the border between mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , the skyscrapers of Shenzhen loom incongruously over the wetlands and vegetable patches of the Frontier Closed Area . Established in 1951 after the Korean War placed colonial Hong Kong in the frontline of a U.N. embargo against the People 's Republic of China , the buffer zone was created to stop illegal immigrants , smugglers and spies . Sixty years later and the Frontier Closed Area has long since passed its useful life , leaving behind a natural habitat largely untouched by humans and some of the most valuable undeveloped real estate in the world . Last month , the Hong Kong government launched the first stage of a large-scale reduction in the area of the zone , allowing public access to 740 hectares of the 2,800 hectare cordon . Previously , tourists and non-residents needed permits to enter the zone and the estimated 9,500 people living inside the area were required to flash special passes to take transport into the frontier area . While the move represents a further step in the integration of Hong Kong -- until 1997 a British colony -- with mainland China , at a local level a spat is brewing over the future use of the valuable stretch of land . Villagers from Lin Ma Hang , a hamlet of little more than 150 people which will remain within the closed area until 2015 , claim the government 's plan to turn the area into a "  green buffer " will interfere with their right to develop property they have owned for generations . While the rest of Hong Kong is riding a boom , property prices in the Frontier Closed Area have been depressed for decades . As the temperature of the debate ramps up , Lin Ma Hang residents have told Hong Kong government meetings they will fight land use plans for the Frontier Closed Area in the same way they fought and resisted the Japanese during the war . Lin Ma Hang village chief Yip Wah-ching told local media the residents of the zone are not against plans for a green heritage zone , but he believed there should be plenty of room for tourism-related projects . "  After our section of the FCA is fully opened to the public , we hope the government will step forward and give us the necessary support for tourism and agricultural development , " he told China Daily . Under a feasibility study undertaken by the Hong Kong Planning Department , with the help of global engineering giants ARUP , the government envisages a public-private partnership to create a combined conservation and eco-tourism zone involving low-density private residential and passive recreation development . While the study does not envisage large-scale development in the zone , it does not rule it out in the future depending on Hong Kong 's population and economic pressures . Already conservationists have expressed concern over the fate of wetlands in the zone which make up part of the East Asian-Australasian flyway -- a corridor for migratory birds . As many as 10 species of globally endangered birds use this wetlands , according to conservation group Birdlife International . While half the wetlands fall within the protected area of the Mai Po and Inner Deep Bay nature reserve , the other half is in part of the Frontier Closed Area that could be earmarked for development . Ecologists fear that if the integrity of the continuous habitat is interrupted , the whole system could be under threat . Conservation manager at the World Wildlife Fund , Alan Leung , says the pressure from land-hungry Hong Kong -- which has some of the highest land and property prices in the world -- means any conservation programs for the area would need to be strongly policed . In the past , Hong Kong developers have used illegal tactics such as tree-felling , landfill and land excavation to degrade land , later lodging development applications that claim the area had little or no conservation value . "  Our biggest concern is unauthorized development , " Leung told CNN . "  Much of this area is out of sight of the general public . It 's very difficult for the government to monitor it . "	Hong Kong 's border with China includes a 26sq km land zone , the Frontier Closed Area The Cold War-era zone has been largely untouched by humans since the 1950s The Hong Kong government has recently opened up a portion of the closed area to the public Conservationists fear developers could encroach on the zone which is home to migratory birds
CNN  -- A California Department of Motor Vehicles  DMV  employee who allegedly wrote a letter to a transgender woman and condemned her to hell has resigned , officials said Thursday . The employee , who worked for the DMV for two years , resigned Wednesday and will not receive benefits or unemployment , according to department spokesman Mike Marando . "  This in no way diminishes the severity of the situation , " Marando said , adding officials believe the DMV employee 's behavior was an isolated matter . The attorney for the transgender woman said the employee should have been fired , instead of being allowed to resign . Amber Yust told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Wednesday night that she got the letter after she went to a San Francisco DMV office in October and successfully changed her name from David to Amber and updated the gender on her license . According to Yust and her attorney , the DMV employee used her confidential personal information to send the letter . "  I have learned that the reason for the vast majority of gender change operations is the client 's homosexual orientation , " the letter dated October 22 states . "  The homosexual act is an abomination that leads to hell . " Yust said she also got a pamphlet from a church , which she said contained offensive material directed at her sexual orientation and gender . The DMV employee had been placed on administrative leave with pay pending an investigation after Yust came forward , according to the San Francisco Chronicle . George Valverde , director of the DMV , in a statement Thursday said the employee "  acted well outside the course and scope of his duties . We recognized this was unacceptable and wholly unauthorized behavior by this former employee . " Yust 's attorney , Christopher Dolan , said the employee refused to assist another transgender person in 2009 and kept his job . The DMV employee went through a discipline process and received sensitivity training and counseling after that incident , Marando said . Other DMV employees also received training on transgender situations , he said . The 9,000 DMV employees routinely receive training on a variety of issues , Marando added . "  We emphasize that customers are treated fairly and equitably , " Marando said . Dolan has filed a damage claim with the state , saying Yust suffered embarrassment and emotional distress . It asks for damages in excess of $ 25,000 . "  Why did n't they fire him the first time ? " Dolan said of the DMV field representative . "  They let him sit at home for two months . "	California DMV employee submits resignation Transgender person says state employee sent her letter Letter states homosexuality is an abomination Department of Motor Vehicles said it will ensure customers are treated fairly
CNN  -- Norwegian Aksel Lund Svindal continued his domination of the men 's alpine skiing season with a convincing victory Friday in the men 's World Cup super-G at Val Gardena . Svindal , bidding to add to his overall World Cup titles in 2007 and 2009 , finished well clear of home pair Matteo Marsaglia and Werner Heel . It was his 19th career World Cup win as he recorded a time 1.07 seconds faster than Marsaglia with Heel a further 0.05 seconds further back . The 29-year-old was adding to super-G and downhill successes at Lake Louise last month . "  Oh yeah !!! Good times in Val Gardena . Podium with two local guys . Could n't let the Italians have all the fun , " he tweeted after his latest triumph . "  Racing on the #FisAlpine World Cup tour is a lot of fun at the moment !!! " Marsaglia told AFP that the reigning Olympic super-G champion was in a different class . "  Aksel Lund Svindal is from another planet but I consider myself the best of the terrestrials . He made mistakes but despite that he is still a second in front of everyone , " he was quoted . Meanwhile in the women 's downhill at Val d'Isere , pre-race favorite Lindsey Vonn suffered a spectacular crash early in her run at the French resort . Olympic downhill champion Vonn flew into the safety netting after the third gate , but was able to ski down to the finish after the incident . "  She just got a little bit inside and got a little bit hooked up into the soft snow and unfortunately was into the fence , " U.S women 's ski coach Chip White told CNN . "  It 's really unfortunate that this happened , I 'm just thankful that she 's OK and that tomorrow 's another day and there 's a few more races to happen " Switzerland 's Lara Gut , who took silver behind Vonn at the same venue in the 2009 world championships , took advantage to win her third World Cup race . She edged out American Leanne Smith and fellow Swiss Nadja Kamer . The 25-year-old Smith was on the podium for the first time . Vonn still leads the overall World Cup downhill standings after winning the first two races of the season . Editors note : Aksel Lund Svindal will be a regular contributor to CNN 's Alpine Edge section throughout the World Cup season .	Aksel Lund Svindal extends lead in men 's overall World Cup standings Norwegian star wins super-G at Val Gardena Switzerland 's Lara Gut claims victory in Val d'Isere downhill Olympic champion Lindsey Vonn crashes out
Men who are circumcised are less likely to get sexually transmitted infections such as genital herpes and human papillomavirus  HPV  , but not syphilis , according to a study of adult African men published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine . Circumcision rates have traditionally been higher in the U.S. than in Europe , but they 've been on the decline . The finding adds to the evidence that there are health benefits to circumcision . It was already known that circumcision can reduce the risk of penile cancer , a relatively rare disease . In a previous study , the same research team found that adult circumcision could reduce the risk of HIV infection . Efforts to increase the practice of male circumcision in areas with high rates of sexually transmitted infections , including Africa , could have a tremendous benefit , say the study 's authors . Genital herpes has been associated with an increased risk of HIV , and HPV can cause genital warts as well as a higher risk of anal , cervical  in women  , and penile cancers . Health.com : Is your partner cheating ? How to protect yourself In the United States , infant circumcision is declining . About 64 percent of American male infants were circumcised in 1995 , down from more than 90 percent in the 1970s . Rates tend to be higher in whites  81percent  than in blacks  65 percent  or Hispanics  54 percent  . Some opponents say the removal of the foreskin is an unnecessary surgical procedure that may reduce sexual sensitivity in adulthood . In Jewish and Muslim cultures , young or infant boys are routinely circumcised for religious reasons . Circumcision rates have traditionally been higher in the U.S. than in Europe , but the American Academy of Pediatrics currently says that the medical benefits are insufficient to recommend circumcision for all baby boys . In the new study , a research team at the Rakai Health Sciences Program in Uganda -- in collaboration with researchers from the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , Maryland , and Makerere University in Uganda -- conducted two clinical trials involving 3,393 uncircumcised men ages 15 to 49 . All the men were negative for HIV and genital herpes  also known as herpes simplex virus type 2  ; a subgroup of men also tested negative for HPV . Roughly half of the men underwent medically supervised circumcision at the start of the trial , while the other half were circumcised two years later . Overall , circumcision reduced the men 's risk of genital herpes by 28 percent  10.3 percent of uncircumcised men developed genital herpes compared with 7.8 percent of circumcised men  and HPV infection by 35 percent  27.8 percent of uncircumcised men were infected with HPV compared with 18 percent of circumcised men  . Circumcision did not , however , protect against syphilis .  About 2 percent of men in both groups contracted syphilis .  Health.com : A sexual risk taker comes to terms with drinking , depression , and STDs Study coauthor Thomas C. Quinn , M.D. , professor of global health at Johns Hopkins University , says that choosing circumcision , whether it 's the parents of an infant or an adult male for himself , is and should remain an individual decision . "  But the critics need to really look at the benefits versus the risks , " he adds . "  By now a large body of evidence has shown that the health benefits clearly outweigh the minor risk associated with the surgery . In our study , we did n't see any adverse effects or mutilation . We 're recommending supervised , safe , sterile environments -- not circumcision out in an open field with rusty instruments . " Increasing circumcision rates in Africa may not only help men , but would likely protect women too , possibly lowering the rates of female cervical cancer , the authors say . Ronald H. Gray , M.D. , professor of public health at Johns Hopkins University and study coauthor , says that the researchers plan to look at whether male circumcision reduces the transmission of HPV to female sexual partners . Health.com : 10 questions to ask a new partner before having sex Even in the United States , this study has relevance , says Anthony Fauci , M.D. , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases  which funded one of the trials  . "  In this country , circumcision for infant boys remains a personal decision for the parents , " he says . "  This makes us rethink whether doctors should be more aggressive in recommending that it at least be considered . If parents say no just because generations before them have said no , they should learn more about the significant health benefits before making that choice . " Roughly three-quarters of U.S. adults have had at least one HPV infection , according to an editorial by Matthew R. Golden , M.D. , and Judith N. Wasserheit , M.D. , both of the University of Washington . Although vaccines against some of the most dangerous HPV strains have been approved for girls ages 13 to 26 , the vaccines are expensive and routine Pap tests are still necessary to pick up cervical cancers . Health.com : How to tell your ex you have an STD Golden and Wasserheit note that "  rates of circumcision are declining and are lowest among black and Hispanic patients , groups in whom rates of HIV , herpes , and cervical cancer are disproportionately high . " Medicaid , which insures many low-income patients in these populations , does not pay for routine infant circumcision in 16 states . The study authors hope that this growing evidence in favor of circumcision will persuade policy-making bodies , both in the United States and in other countries , to officially recommend the procedure -- which could make patient education and insurance coverage more likely . It 's not clear why circumcision may affect infection rates . But the study authors suggest that penile foreskin may provide a moist , favorable environment for herpes and HPV to survive and enter cells on the skin 's surface . Once the foreskin is surgically removed , the risk of infection may be reduced . Health.com : Men can lose their sex drives too They also note , however , that male circumcision is not completely effective in preventing sexually transmitted infections . Safe sex practices , including consistent condom use , are still necessary to provide the best protection . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Circumcision reduces risk of HPV infection and herpes , but not syphilis Circumcision known to reduce risk of HIV infection and penile cancer 64 percent of American baby boys circumcised in ' 95 , down from 90 percent in 70s
Washington  CNN  -- As political turmoil engulfs Egypt , Americans are watching closely -- and they should be : What happens in Egypt will directly affect Americans in many ways . 1 . Travel : See the pyramids along the Nile -- NOT Egypt , with its 5,000-year history , the pyramids and pharaohs , was always a luxury travel destination for Americans but the political and social violence that has wracked the country for 2Â 1/2 years has virtually destroyed Egypt 's U.S. tourist business . Post-coup violence erupts in Egypt Now , the State Department is warning citizens not to travel to Egypt and U.S. citizens living in Egypt to leave . It also ordered non-emergency personnel and families of Americans working at the U.S. Embassy and consulate to leave . Cordesman : U.S. must not fail Egypt 2 . Money Egypt is America 's closest ally in the Arab world and it gets $ 1.5 billion a year in U.S. taxpayer money for military and civilian programs . In fact , in the last 30 years , the United States has sent more foreign aid to Egypt than to any country except Israel . Now , that money hangs in the balance as the Obama administration decides whether to call the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy a "  coup . " Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , tells CNN : "  If this were to be seen as a coup then it would limit our ability to have the kind of relationship we think we need with the Egyptian armed forces . " 3 . Mideast peace The United States helps Egypt because it 's one of only two Arab countries -- along with Jordan -- that made peace with Israel . If Washington pulls its aid , it could affect prospects for peace in the Middle East . ElBaradei : Morsy 's ouster was needed so Egypt can not ` fail ' "  All of these things are tied together , " says CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . "  The aid is tied to Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel , so if our aid gets cut off what happens to the peace treaty with Israel ? It 's a hornets ' nest and that 's why the administration is trying not to stir it too much . " 4 . Gas prices Egypt controls the Suez Canal , a crucial sea route for more than 4 % of the world 's oil supply and 8 % of seaborne trade . So far , the canal is running smoothly -- but increased violence could end up hitting Americans in the pocketbook . 5 . The linchpin With 83 million people , Egypt is a cultural heavyweight in the Arab world . "  The great trends that have affected the United States have come out of Egypt , " says Zakaria : everything from pan-Arab nationalism of the 1950s , Islamic fundamentalism which began in Egypt in the 1970s -- even al Qaeda has its roots in Egypt and Islamic Jihad . "  Egypt is the source of all the pop music , the soap operas , the movies of the Arab world , " he added , "  so what happens in Egypt tends to have a much wider resonance throughout the Arab world . " Until the Egyptian military ousted Morsy , Egypt also had a claim to fame politically : a democratically elected president and his Muslim Brotherhood party . It was a message to the Islamic world that democracy just might work . Now , there 's a danger the military could violently repress the Muslim Brotherhood and it , in turn , could resort to violence . Will Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood survive ? That would make the whole Mideast region more unstable -- a worrisome development for the United States .	Turmoil in Egypt over past two years has virtually halted travel by Americans A pinch on oil passing through the Suez Canal would hit U.S. drivers at the gas pump The most populous Arab country , Egypt 's stability is seen as key to Mideast peace
CNN  -- Drone strikes against militants in Yemen are intensifying as the U.S. Embassy there and in other Middle Eastern and African countries remain closed amid terrorism fears . At least eight suspected U.S. drone strikes have been reported in the past two weeks alone . They have killed at least 34 people , according to a tally by Yemeni officials . Three separate strikes were reported Thursday . In central Yemen 's Mareb province , eight people were killed in an early morning drone strike , including four with links to al Qaeda , local security officials said . Two civilians were among those killed in the strike , which targeted two vehicles , the officials said . "  Mareb was a previous stronghold for al Qaeda , and a number of members of the group still live in the province , " a security official said . Later Thursday , a drone strike killed two al Qaeda fighters in the southern province of Hadramout , security officials said . One of the officials who confirmed the strike said the two militants killed were active members and were recruiting youngsters to fight with them . Residents told CNN that the drone had been roaming the sky over the province since dawn and was flying at a low altitude . "  When we hear it flying above us , we know there will be a strike later in the day , " said a local in Hadramout who asked not to be named . Three people were killed in the third drone strike , which also took place in Hadramout , two security officials told CNN . One of the officials said one of the three people killed was a suspected al Qaeda militant . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , the terror group 's Yemeni affiliate , shot down a Yemeni military helicopter in that province Tuesday , a government official said . A day earlier , two drone strikes in Shabwa province killed a total of six militants , according to several official sources in Yemen not authorized to be named . Al Qaeda message The heightened strikes parallel the temporary closing of U.S. embassies and consulates in the Middle East and Africa over fears of an imminent terrorist strike . The United States on Tuesday urged all Americans to leave Yemen . It was unclear whether this week 's strikes were related to the security alert in place in the country since U.S. officials intercepted a message from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri to operatives in Yemen telling them to "  do something . " The message was sent to Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the leader of AQAP . U.S. intelligence believes al-Wuhayshi has recently been appointed the overall terror organization 's No. 2 leader . Local security officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said that they do not believe any of those killed Tuesday or Wednesday were senior al Qaeda members . A U.S. official echoed those comments , saying that of those killed in recent drone strikes , none were "  household names . " "  There are no all-stars no longer with us , " the official said , speaking on the condition of anonymity . Bergen : al Qaeda in Yemen , on the ropes AQAP recoil AQAP appears to have lost some of its effectiveness in the past year , while Yemen 's military has made gains . Yemen 's government foiled an al Qaeda plot to capture oil and gas facilities and to seize two key southern ports early this week , a spokesman for the prime minister said . An official downplayed the terror organization 's ability to carry out such an attack . "  AQAP has neither the manpower nor the capabilities to capture ports or seize pipelines , " the official said . Government forces can handle any assault they may attempt , he said . AQAP has not mounted a large-scale suicide attack on Yemen 's security forces since May 2012 , when more than 100 soldiers were killed by a suicide bomber as they trained for a parade in Sanaa , the capital . In July , a bomb killed several soldiers there . Many of AQAP 's operatives , including its leadership , have retreated into remote areas to regroup after a Yemeni military offensive last year . Yemeni security forces have over the past 18 months recaptured swaths of territory that were briefly held by AQAP , particularly in the south . Local criticism But the drone strikes are stirring anger among Yemenis . The country 's Nobel peace laureate , Tawakkol Karman , condemned Thursday 's attack . "  The killing conducted by unmanned planes in Yemen is outside the law and worse than the terrorist activities of individuals and groups , " she said . She said that the strikes are "  degrading " to Yemenis and violate their human rights . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	At least eight suspected U.S. drone strikes occur in the past two weeks Tally : At least 34 people die in that period The heightened strikes parallel the closing of U.S. embassies and consulates Al Qaeda 's group in Yemen is cutting down on attacks
West Pokot , Kenya  CNN  -- More than 13 years after his parents drowned in a flash flood , David Kakuko is at the Moruny River , building a bridge that might have prevented their deaths . The hanging footbridge will provide safe passage over the Moruny , a frequently flooded waterway in West Pokot , Kenya . "  Before the bridge , there -LSB- were -RSB- so many people , so many who lost their lives , " said Kakuko , 32 . "  I know , because I have no parents . I have no parents , because this river took them . " Kakuko is working alongside other local residents and Harmon Parker , a master mason who has been building bridges through Kenya 's mountainous terrain since 1997 . Parker , a Lexington , Kentucky , native who came to Kenya in 1989 , has seen firsthand how flash floods -- and the threat of predators such as crocodiles and hippos -- can make rivers impassable in isolated communities . "  I 've worked all over Kenya , " said Parker , 54 . "  And every community -LSB- has -RSB- a story of ... loved ones lost . " When Parker arrived in Kenya as a young missionary , he befriended Jay Hindson , a fellow development worker who introduced him to a bridge build in 1996 . The experience changed the course of his life . "  It was a plea from the community , " Parker recalled . "  I saw that building a bridge could change lives and transform communities . " Parker has been building bridges ever since , and in 2003 he founded the nonprofit organization Bridging the Gap . The organization oversees the building of bridges that not only save lives but connect isolated villagers to resources that can improve their way of life . "  When it floods , people really suffer not being able to get to the clinic or the market or to their school , " Parker said . "  Like every people , they have dreams . They want to prosper . " Since 1997 , Parker has helped build 45 bridges in Kenya . He estimates they 've affected tens of thousands of lives , but he insists his work is not about the numbers . "  I have built many bridges in very remote areas for the ` few and the needy ' that a larger organization may not consider , " he said . "  Knowing this bridge will probably save at least one life is what makes me tick . ... I build bridges because I want to save lives , lives that I will never know about . " Parker 's hanging footbridges are simple in design , with an average length of 120 feet and an average cost of about $ 6,000 . They are built using basic materials and local tools so villagers can maintain them and make repairs when needed . There is high demand for Parker 's help . But because of limited financing , he is able to organize only five or six projects a year . To determine which projects he takes on , Parker visits the village that initiated the request . To qualify for a bridge , the river in question must be considered a peril to cross . It also has to inhibit access to education , health care or commerce . Parker also requires that the community demonstrate a willingness and ability to participate in the construction of the bridge , whether it 's by gathering sand , making gravel or digging foundations . It 's "  so they can take pride in their bridge , so that they feel they played a big role in it and that they have ownership , " Parker said . Kakuko has no problem with making that commitment . "  It is good for us , because this is our bridge , " he said . "  It is not for the men who gave it to us . It is ours . So people should guard and watch over it like it is their own . " Although the bridges are sponsored by donors , villagers are also expected to provide some form of financial contribution . "  I do n't know how many goats I have in this region . But they always give me a goat , " Parker said . "  I was even offered a young wife in a real rural area . And I had to refuse that . " Parker 's work requires that he spend weeks , even months at a time away from his wife and home in Nairobi . And over the past 15 years , he 's been robbed at gunpoint , plagued by parasites and afflicted with grave illnesses such as malaria and dengue fever . But he does n't see his role as sacrificial . "  I feel I 'm blessed ... privileged to do what I 'm doing , " he said . "  A bridge is a beautiful metaphor for many things . There are bridges of hope , bridges of peace , bridges of life . To me , bridges are beautiful . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Bridging the Gap website at www.bridgingthegapafrica.org and see how to help .	Harmon Parker 's nonprofit group helps Kenyans build footbridges over perilous rivers The bridges not only save lives ; they connect people to schools , markets and health care Parker came to Kenya in 1989 as a young missionary with masonry skills Because of limited financing , he is able to organize only five or six bridge projects a year
CNN  -- Muddy but unhurt , three University of Texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in Austin , Texas , after a day-long search Sunday . A rescuer at the entrance to Airman 's Cave in Austin , Texas , Sunday . Lt. Matt Cox , an Austin Fire Department spokesman , said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early Sunday after a trip into Airman 's Cave , about four miles south of the university 's campus . They were found about halfway down the 12,000-foot-long cave , which has few spaces big enough for an adult to stand upright and is explored primarily by experienced spelunkers . The students were located shortly before 5 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  , about 30 hours after they entered . Their names were not released Sunday night . A friend called 911 to report them missing at 5 a.m. . The group had told friends to call 911 if they were not back by midnight Sunday , according to Austin-Travis County Emergency Medical Services . Earlier reports that four students were in the cave were incorrect , Cox said . Authorities did not know Sunday evening why the students were in the cave for so long . But Cox said it would have been easy even for experienced cavers to get lost in Airman 's , which he compared to the roots of a tree . "  There are so many ways to go , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Three Austin cave explorers are safe and are out of the cave , officials said The University of Texas students went into Airman 's Cave Saturday The 12,000 foot long cave complex has tight twists and turns Unclear exactly how the students lost their way , but cave is complex , official said
CNN  -- Barcelona and Real Madrid lock horns Saturday in the first of four ` El Clasico ' showdowns in 18 days which will define their respective campaigns in Spain and the Champions League . Barcelona go into the La Liga match at the Santiago Bernabeu with an eight-point lead in the standings and with only seven games remaining . But the motivation for Jose Mourinho 's Real will be to disrupt their arch-rival 's serene progress to the Spanish title ahead of further matches in the final of the Copa del Rey and then the two-legged Champions League semifinal . Victory for Barca will complete a league double over Real , who they routed 5-0 earlier in the season in the Nou Camp , and all but wrap up the title . It was the heaviest defeat of Mourinho 's stellar managerial career and clearly still smarts as he refused to answer questions at his pre-match press conference Friday and offered up his assistant Aitor Karanka to the anger of journalists . "  Every time he talks , it 's blown out of context , " Karanka told the reporters , who exited in droves when it became clear Mourinho had snubbed them and would not answer their questions . "  He prefers being relaxed and calm and it is n't the first time that I 've given the press conference . It 's just our way of working , " added Karanka . But Madrid 's record signing Cristiano Ronaldo , who has scored 28 league goals this season , believes they can reverse the result in their home stadium . "  It is completely different to the first game  when Real lost 5-0  , " Ronaldo told AFP . "  We have to think it is possible  to win  because they  Barcelona  are not from another planet . "  They are one of the best footballing sides but we are in good shape and have to be confident that the best team will win . " Barcelona have won the last five El Clasicos , scoring 16 goals against just two , but coach Pep Guardiola is taking nothing for granted . "  We wo n't make the mistake of going to the Bernabeu thinking nothing is lost if we lose , " he said Guardiola . "  We have the opportunity to take a decisive step towards the league title . " Guardiola has defensive problems with captain Carles Puyol injured and Eric Abidal recuperating from surgery on a liver tumor . He must decide whether to use midfielder Sergio Busquets or draft in Gaby Milito in central defense . But all eyes will be on the free-scoring Barcelona attack , led by Lionel Messi , who has scored a club record 48 goals this season . Messi , who was in superb form in the earlier league victory , will be looking to score for the first time against a team managed by Mourinho . In other La Liga action at the weekend , Valencia travel to bottom side Almeria on Saturday looking to cement third place after their 5-0 rout of local rivals Villarreal last Sunday .	Real Madrid and Barcelona meet in first of four El Clasico showdowns in 18 days Real manager Jose Mourinho refuses to answer media questions ahead of match Barcelona bidding to complete sixth straight win over their arch rivals Further clashes coming up in Copa del Rey final and Champions League semis
CNN  -- Three members of the "  Midnight Rider " moviemaking team have been indicted in the death of a camera assistant . Randall Miller , Jody Savin and Jay Sedrish were charged Thursday with involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespass regarding the death of Sarah Elizabeth Jones , a camera assistant on the film . Jones was on the set of the Gregg Allman biopic when she was struck and killed by a freight train near Savannah , Georgia , on February 20 . The indictment notes that Miller and Savin are the owners of Unclaimed Freight Productions Inc. , the film 's production company . Sedrish was the executive producer . Under Georgia law , involuntary manslaughter carries a potential sentence of 10 years . Criminal trespass , a misdemeanor charge , has a potential sentence of 12 months . Six other crew members were also injured in the accident , which occurred when Jones and others were filming on train tracks in Wayne County , Georgia . A CSX train , moving at about 58 mph , came through and struck Jones . After the incident , Jones became the subject of mourning in the film community . Friends set up a Facebook group , Slates for Sarah , and she was even noted in the Academy Awards ' "  In Memoriam " montage . Film crew member 's tragic death prompts movement Gregg Allman , "  Midnight Rider 's " subject , also shared his condolences . "  I am so terribly saddened by the news of the tragedy that took the young life of Sarah Elizabeth Jones on the film set , " he wrote on his website . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to her family , friends and colleagues during this time of mourning . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung , Christina Zdanowicz and Ray Sanchez contributed to this story .	"  Midnight Rider " filmmakers charged with involuntary manslaughter Crew member Sarah Elizabeth Jones died in February during filming Jones and others were on railroad tracks when train came through Friends set up a Facebook group in her honor
CNN  -- When Alan Gross reaches his 65th birthday next month , he will tell himself that it will be the last one he spends in a Cuban prison cell , Gross ' attorney said Wednesday . "  His hunger strike took a toll on him , " Gross ' attorney Scott Gilbert told CNN during a trip to Havana to visit his client . "  He told me yesterday that his birthday that he marks on May 2 would be the last birthday that he marks in Havana . " Gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to Cuba as part of his work as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development . He was convicted in March 2011 . U.S. officials said Gross was merely trying to help Cubans bypass the island 's stringent restrictions on Internet access . But Cuban authorities say Gross was part of a plot to create "  a Cuban spring " and destabilize the island 's single-party communist government . "  He was sent to Cuba five times on a government mission and on a government mission that was blatantly illegal under Cuba law , " Gilbert said . "  He was arrested , he was convicted , he was sentenced to 15 years in confinement , and to date , our government has done virtually nothing to obtain his release . " Earlier this month , Gross embarked on a nine-day hunger strike after reports surfaced that after his arrest , USAID had tried to create "  a Cuban Twitter " using cellphone text messaging services on the island . Cuban officials responded angrily , saying the text-messaging program showed that Washington was still trying to subvert the island 's government . While USAID and State Department officials defended the now-inactive program as a way to reach the Cuban people , U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy said it had put Gross at greater risk . Gross later said he was suspending his hunger strike after his mother pleaded him to begin eating again . Since his arrest , Gross has suffered a slew of health problems , his attorney said , and lost over 100 pounds . "  Alan is confined to one room , 23 hours a day , he spends his day there in pajamas , he 's fed meals in his room . He 's let out for an hour a day , to exercise an hour a day in a small , walled courtyard where you can barely see the sky . " Cuban officials have said they want to negotiate Gross ' case with representatives of the United States in conjunction with the fates of three Cuban intelligence operatives serving lengthy sentences in U.S. prisons . But U.S. officials have called that effort blackmail and said the cases are separate matters because Gross was not working as a spy in Cuba . The diplomatic impasse is taking its toll on Gross , Gilbert said . "  The White House has yet to engage on this issue ; we need the president to make this a priority . Without that , Alan will die in Cuba , " Gilbert said . Other detained Americans	Alan Gross , jailed in Cuba , says his May 2 birthday will be his last in Havana , lawyer says Gross was convicted for bringing satellite communications to the island for USAID He launched a hunger strike after details of agency 's "  Cuban Twitter " plan surfaced Gross "  will die in Cuba " without more effort from U.S. officials , lawyer says
CNN  -- A ring once owned by the 19th century novelist Jane Austen is to remain in Britain after a museum successfully raised funds to buy it from American singer Kelly Clarkson . The gold and turquoise ring is one of just three pieces of jewelry in existence known to have belonged to Austen , the author of novels including "  Pride and Prejudice " and "  Emma . " Jane Austen 's House Museum , in Chawton , southern England , said it had been unable to meet the sale price of Â # 152,450  $ 231,227  when the ring was auctioned by Sotheby 's last year . Clarkson , a "  long time Austen devotee " bought the item instead , it said . The sale price was more than five times the estimate Sotheby 's had placed on the ring . In August , UK Culture Minister Ed Vaizey placed a temporary export bar on the ring "  on the grounds that it is so closely connected with -LSB- Britain 's -RSB- history and national life that its departure would be a misfortune . " Read more : Clarkson purchase of ring hits snag The Jane Austen 's House Museum launched an appeal to buy the ring . It said its fundraising "  was given a great boost with an anonymous donor coming forward immediately with a pledge of Â # 100,000 . " The museum has now announced that its offer to buy the ring has been accepted and that the item will be put on display in the new year . "  The museum has been stunned by the generosity and light-footedness of all those who have supported our campaign to meet the costs of acquiring Jane Austen 's ring for our permanent collection , " curator Mary Guyatt said . Read more : Walking in the footsteps of Jane Austen Clarkson also welcomed the news , saying in a statement : "  The ring is a beautiful national treasure and I am happy to know that so many Jane Austen fans will get to see it at Jane Austen 's House Museum . " The other two items of jewelry known to have belonged to Austen -- a topaz cross and a turquoise and ivory bracelet -- are already on display at the museum , in the building where the author spent the last eight years of her life . Read more : 200 years of ` Pride and Prejudice '	A ring once owned by 19th century novelist Jane Austen was auctioned last year American singer Kelly Clarkson bought the ring , which had sale price of Â # 152,450 The UK government put an export ban on the item due to its historical link to Britain The Jane Austen House Museum has successfully raised funds to buy back the ring
Google Plus , Google 's much-chided version of Facebook , celebrated its first birthday last week . That probably means one of two things to you . If you 're a tech geek : "  That site 's still around ? " Or if not : "  What the heck is Google Plus ? " Both of those reactions , however , may be missing the point . Here 's a look at a few -- and unexpected -- reasons Google Plus is clinging to relevance in the Facebook era .  Disclosure : If you 'd like to see where this post began , check out a conversation on my Google Plus page . I 'm still a sometimes-active user of the site  . ` Social glue ' for the rest of Google Google last week released a few updates to its social network -- including an Events feature and new methods of live photo sharing with small groups . Perhaps more importantly , it underscored the idea that the company does n't see Google Plus as a social network at all . Google 's Vic Gundotra told the blog Mashable that "  Google Plus is just an upgrade to Google . " On one hand , this seems convenient , since Google Plus is losing the numbers game to Facebook .  More on that soon  . On the other , it might be really smart . Google Plus has the potential to be the "  social glue " that binds all of Google 's already-interesting and already-used products together , writes Richard MacManus , from the blog ReadWriteWeb . "  One year ago , I think we all expected Google + to turn into a better standalone product than what we 've got now . But despite that , Google + has turned out to be incredibly useful to Google , " he says . "  If I was to project what Google + will be like in July 2013 , I 'd guess it will be even less about being a standalone social network and even more about supporting YouTube , Google search et al. " You may have noticed this showing up in all kinds of small ways on your version of the Internet . If you have Google social search turned on , you see links friends have posted on Google Plus . It 's now possible to log into YouTube using the network . Google Reader 's "  share " feature coordinates with Google Plus these days -- and even e-mail lists can be pulled from Google friend "  Circles . " The rest of Google 's products , especially search , are popular , even if Google Plus is n't on its own . Passionate audience OK , so the numbers . Facebook is clearly winning that war . Google Plus has 150 million monthly active users -- compared to Facebook 's 900 million . And there 's evidence , some of it from independent traffic monitors , that Facebook users engage much more frequently and for longer than Google Plus users , at least in public posts  A comScore report in January said Facebook users spent an average of 7.5 hours on the site , compared to 3.3 minutes on Google Plus . " As The Atlantic put it : "  People are ` on ' Google Plus , but they are not really ON Google Plus . The infrastructure is there . The street signs are there . People own plots of land . But there 's nobody actually visiting town . " Or , more cuttingly , BuzzFeed 's version : "  Logging into Google + feels like logging into a seminar , or stumbling into the wrong conference room at an airport Marriott . It looks like a cubicle farm and smells like a hospital . Posting anything on Google + is like talking into a pillow . " Forbes wrote a eulogy for the network in 2011 . Google Plus does , however , have some passionate users . In a comment on my feed , a person identified as Tristan Cunha wrote that the site may have gotten a slow start but now "  it 's so easy to find lots of interesting people to follow/interact with that if you ca n't find someone , you 're probably just missing the point . Either that , or you want to connect with your long lost friends from high school , which is something that FB probably does better . " And from another commenter , Colleen Lynn , wrote : "  Google + can not be dead with so many of us here ! It is true that I have not gotten many Facebook friends to join , but as  another user  said , Google Plus is international . If one is interested in learning and sharing in a much broader space than Facebook , Google Plus is the place to be ! " Mobile apps Mobile apps are another area where Google Plus has been making up ground . As a blogger at the tech site VentureBeat put it : "  Google Plus is better than Facebook -- at mobile . " Jennifer Van Grove goes on to say the Android tablet app for Google Plus makes Facebook 's apps "  look as if they were built in the MySpace era , " adding : "  Mobile is Facebook Achilles ' heel , and it certainly does n't look good for the newly public company to lose to Google in a mobile face-off . " That 's especially troubling given that Facebook execs have said mobile is one of the company 's investment areas moving forward . Video chats Google Plus 's group video chatting feature , called Hangouts , has long been one of the  only  things that made the site fundamentally different from Facebook and Twitter . The free service lets friends and/or strangers talk in a group . You can also record the conversations and take live questions from an audience , which makes the feature popular with news sites , celebs and politicians . President Obama hosted a Hangout earlier this year . To drive this point home in adrenelline-filled fashion , Google streamed a video from a skydiver  who was wearing Google 's version of "  Terminator " glasses  at a recent press conference in California using a Hangout . "  As a social network competing with Facebook it 's a flop , but its video-chat tool Hangouts is a winner , " Heather Kelly , now at CNN Tech , wrote for VentureBeat in May . New features and product integrations Timed with its one-year anniversary , Google announced a few new Google Plus features -- and most of them , as other tech writers have suggested , integrate with Google 's other products . The Events feature , for example , automatically coordinates with Google Calendar . It also lets attendees at a party or gathering post photos from the event and host Hangouts beforehand . Here 's how the company describes the feature in a blog post : "  Today 's online event tools are really just Web forms that ask , ` Are you going ? ' Worse yet , they bail when you need them the most : during the actual event , and after everyone leaves . In life we plan , we party and we keep in touch . Software should make all of this more awesome . " A "  live slideshow " feature lets hosts display photos from the event as they 're taken . Do you think these updates are enough to save Google Plus ? Do you use it ? Do you still see it as a Facebook competitor ? Let us know what you think in the comments section -- or , if you want to get super meta , on Google Plus .	Google Plus celebrates its first birthday , launches new features Google Plus Events integrate with photo-sharing and Google Calendar The company is positioning the network as an extension of Google Executive tells Mashable Google Plus is not a ` social network '
CNN  -- The biology professor charged in the shooting deaths Friday of three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville fatally shot her brother more than 23 years ago , police said Saturday . Amy Bishop Anderson , who was then known as Amy Bishop , was never charged in her brother 's death , Braintree , Massachusetts , Police Chief Paul Frazier told reporters . Police records detailing the 1986 incident are missing , and a log of the incident lists it as an accidental shooting , he said . But the account told by Frazier differs from the one published at the time by a Boston newspaper . "  It is a far different story I believe than what was reported back then , " Frazier said . "  I can not tell you what the thought process was behind our releasing her at the time . " A December 8 , 1986 , article in the Boston Globe states that Anderson asked her mother how to unload a round from a 12-gauge shotgun and accidentally shot her brother while she was handling the weapon . The article cited then-Police Chief John Polio as the source . However , Frazier said an officer , who was involved in the case and still works for the department , told him that Anderson shot her brother in the chest during an argument . The woman allegedly fired a shot in her bedroom without hitting anyone , then argued with her brother and shot him . She fired yet another round in the home before fleeing , Frazier said . Police arrested Anderson after she pointed a weapon at a vehicle near the house in an attempt to get the driver to stop , but it drove on , Frazier said . But during the booking process , Chief Polio called and told the officers to release her , Frazier said . In a telephone call with CNN , Polio -- now 87 and retired -- denied ever calling in the order . He said detectives had interviewed Anderson and her mother -- Judith Baker , who was a member of the police department 's personnel board -- as well as the lead investigator , Capt. Theodore Buker , who has since died . Buker told him that the shooting appeared accidental and the two men agreed she should be released to her mother , Polio said . A request was then filed with the office of District Attorney Bill Delahunt to conduct an inquiry , but Delahunt never did so , he said . Delahunt , now a Democratic congressman representing Massachusetts , was in Jerusalem on Saturday and unable to comment on the case , spokesman Mark Forest told CNN . Polio acknowledged that an argument had occurred during the shooting and said that the other shots , including one fired into the ceiling , did not appear aimed at anyone . He also recalled that Anderson had fled the scene . But , he said , he could not remember what he had told the newspaper in reference to the case or why details , including the argument , were not reported . Polio rejected as "  laughable " any suggestions that the suspect 's mother might have influenced their handling of the case . "  There was no cover up , " Polio said . "  Absolutely no cover up and no missing records . The records were all there when I left . Where they went in the last 22 years and two police chiefs subsequent , I do n't know . " Anderson , a Harvard-educated professor , has been charged with capital murder . Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes said Anderson , 45 , was attending a faculty meeting on the third floor of the sciences building Friday afternoon when she shot six colleagues , killing three . Anderson , a professor and researcher at the university , was arrested as she was leaving the building , Reyes told reporters Saturday . He said a 9 mm handgun was recovered from the second floor of the building late Friday . Anderson is charged with one count of capital murder , a crime that involved two or more intentional deaths and is eligible for the death penalty in Alabama . Madison County District Attorney Rob Broussard said officials were considering other charges , including attempted murder . University spokesman Ray Garner has identified the dead as Gopi Podila , chairman of the biological sciences department ; Maria Davis , associate professor of biology ; and Adriel Johnson , associate professor of biology . The injured were Joseph Leahy , associate professor of biology , in critical condition ; Luis Cruz-Vera , assistant professor of biology , in stable condition ; and Stephanie Monticello , staff assistant , also in stable condition . They were taken to Huntsville Hospital . Authorities have not ruled out the possibility of other suspects in connection with the shooting . Investigators have interviewed Anderson 's husband , Jim . Anderson had been working at the university since 2003 and was up for tenure , Garner said . However , authorities would n't discuss possible motives or whether the issue of tenure may have played a role in the shooting . Garner said the meeting at Shelby Hall was for faculty and staff in the sciences department , but he gave no other details . The incident occurred shortly before 4 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  , and residence halls were locked down 10 minutes later . An alert notifying the campus about the incident was issued at 4:42 p.m. CT. . Pressed on the amount of time that passed before a campus alert was sent notifying students and faculty about the shooting and the lockdown , university police Chief Chuck Gailes said the lag "  did n't impact the safety of people on campus and in the building . " He said there is no specific timeframe that dictates how quickly such an alert is issued , but he said it would be an issue officials will look into . University President David Williams said there would be a prayer service Sunday . "  We are a resilient community , and we know we will come together to overcome these difficult times , " he said . Williams said the campus would open for employees next week but there would be no classes . Kourtney Lattimore , a 19-year-old sophomore studying nursing , was one of about 100 students who attended the suspect 's anatomy class from 10:20 to 11:15 a.m. Friday. , when the subject included neurons . "  Nothing seemed to be off at all , " she said about her teacher , who wore a pink sweater in class . "  We were all shocked , like , all of us just could n't believe it . " Lattimore said her anatomy class was not the only one affected by Friday 's events . Leahy -- who was wounded in the shooting -- taught her infection and immunity class , she said . Reached at the couple 's home , Jim Anderson told CNN that his wife has an attorney whom he would not identify . He described his wife as a good teacher .	NEW : Charged professor killed brother in 1986 , Massachusetts police say NEW : Anderson was never charged in her brother 's death , police chief says NEW : Police log of the incident lists it as an accidental shooting , chief says Three faculty members at University of Alabama in Huntsville were killed Friday
CNN  -- Adele , who won big at the 2012 Grammys , once told Karl Lagerfeld off when he said that she was talented and pretty but a little too fat . Maybe his words got to her . The British pop star made news this week when she admitted to wearing four pairs of Spanx under a dress that wowed the audiences at the Grammys . Apparently , this was an improvement over her original dress that featured a built-in corset and in which she passed out when she tried it on . Spanx is a line of undergarments that offers solutions for women of all sizes and shapes . You can target bulging stomachs , jiggling upper arms , aging breasts and any other body part that may need some enhancement . No longer an item of fantasy play or a secret amongst plus-sized women , Spanx products have become prized accessories flaunted by the Kardashians , Oprah and suburban moms . Spanx 's selling point is that it helps smart , successful women of all ages to build their confidence by , well , looking good . But playing with fire might be a more adequate metaphor when we consider that less than half a century ago , women denounced Spanx-like garments as symbols of oppressive beauty standards . When women got rid of girdles and garter belts en masse in the 1960s , they did n't only reject restricting undergarments .  And restrict they did ; it 's hard to ride a bike , perform surgery or even breathe , as Adele learned , when your midsection is squeezed tight  . They also rejected a society in which women were underemployed , underpaid and underappreciated . Throwing away girdles and curlers seemed like the dawn of a new era . Women got jobs , demanded equal pay and learned to be as tough as their male peers . Fifty years later , the girdle-like Spanx is back thanks to Sara Blakely , a brilliant woman who built a multimillion empire . Blakely used $ 5,000 to start a brand that defines its category , shapewear . She owns 100 % of a company that turns a handsome profit . She is the youngest female self-made billionaire in the world . She would be a darling of the women 's movement if her innovation was n't antithetical to everything else it stood for . The twist is that Spanx prides itself on empowering women . The tagline for its In-Power panties that promise to whittle your waist , firm your figure and amp up your look is "  powerful women wear powerful panties . " The company 's catalog proclaims : "  Tame your tummy and create an hourglass silhouette with Super Higher Power , our new comfortable yet powerful high-waisted hosiery shaper ... . Now , you 've got the power ! " Translation : Powerful women tame unsightly bulges . Say bye-bye to bad body image talk It was n't supposed to be this way . The protesters who descended upon Atlantic City in 1968 to picket the Miss America pageant were n't clamoring for more comfortable girdles . They wanted to change the rules of the game , telling women that their power lay in their heads , not in their bras and panties . What the 1968 protesters fought for still matters today . Despite huge progress , our society is not a post-feminist era . Women earn less than 80 cents to a man 's dollar , hold about 17 % of the seats in Congress and represent 3.6 % of Fortune-500 CEOs . Of course , women are n't marched to their lingerie drawers at gunpoint . They choose to spend $ 250 million a year on Spanx products alone . Some would argue they make a wise choice . While beauty standards have changed , women are still rewarded for boosting their appearance . Better-looking women are more likely to be hired and promoted than those who are less attractive . But when women think that they can have both their Spanx and their paychecks , they miss the big picture . The culture that gave us Spanx holds us to impossible standards of beauty that even the sveltest women can not meet  just think of all the Hollywood stars who are always trying to slim down  . And it provides us with an impoverished sense of empowerment . Sadly , even women running for the highest office are not immune . Like the beautiful actresses who go the extra mile to put on their best appearance on the red carpet , politicians are as attuned to perceptions . Michele Bachmann , Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton all upped their wardrobe ante when they stepped into the national spotlight . Ending up on People 's worst-dressed list could be as embarrassing for a politician as for a starlet . Of course , we ca n't blame Spanx or Blakely for any of this . All of us are to blame . With our dollars , we support the very object that constrains us . When we wear shapewear , we buy into messages that equate women 's power and abilities to the size and shape of their silhouettes . Little wonder that a woman of Adele 's caliber felt the pressure , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orit Avishai .	British pop star Adele wore four pairs of Spanx at the Grammys Orit Avishai : Girdle-like garments were symbols of oppressive beauty standards She says embracing shapewear gives women an impoverished sense of empowerment Avishai : We can blame ourselves for supporting the very object that constrains us
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court agreed Monday to confront another high-profile challenge to affirmative action in college admissions . The justices will decide the constitutionality of a voter referendum in Michigan banning race - and sex-based discrimination or preferential treatment in public university admission decisions . The high court is currently deciding a separate challenge to admissions policies at the University of Texas , which did not involve a voter referendum . A federal appeals court last year concluded the affirmative action ban , which Michigan voters passed in a 2006 referendum , violated the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection laws . Appeals court strikes down Michigan 's affirmative action ban It was the latest step in a legal and political battle over whether the state 's colleges can use race and gender as a factor in choosing which students to admit . The ban 's opponents say classroom diversity remains a necessary government role . "  We think this is a tremendous victory for the tens and hundreds of thousands of students who fought for affirmative action for decades , " said Michigan attorney George Washington when the 6th Circuit ruling came out in November . He represents the By Any Means Necessary coalition that sued to overturn the ban . "  This is a tremendous day for black and Latino students in the entire country , " Washington added . The office of Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette will defend the ban when oral arguments are held in the fall . The ban "  embodies the fundamental premise of what America is all about : equal opportunity under the law , " Schuette said . "  Entrance to our great universities must be based upon merit . " The law was passed seven years ago with support of 58 % of voters . It was added to the state 's constitution , and bars publicly funded colleges from granting "  preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity or national origin . " Opinion : Keep affirmative action but reform it That prompted a series of lawsuits and appeals from various groups . Michigan voters approved the ban after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2003 that while Michigan universities could use race as a factor in choosing which students to admit , they could not make race the determining factor in deciding whether applicants are accepted The referendum effort was led by Jennifer Gratz , who was at the center of the high court case . As a white student , she was put on the waiting list for undergraduate admission to the state 's largest university . She eventually attended another school , and became the lead plaintiff in a subsequent discrimination lawsuit . After the Supreme Court 's 2003 decision , she began a public campaign to end racial preferences in admissions . The Michigan ban also prohibits the state from considering race and gender in public hiring and public contracting decisions . But the current high court case deals only with the college admissions portion . Efforts over decades to create a diverse classroom have been controversial . The Brown v. Board of Education high court ruling in 1954 ended segregation of public schools , but sparked nationwide protests and disobedience by states who initially refused to integrate . In the 1978 Bakke case , the Supreme Court ruled universities have a compelling state interest in promoting diversity , and that allows for the use of affirmative action . That issue involved a discrimination claim by a white man denied admission to law school . Opinion : Chief justice out to end affirmative action The Supreme Court is now considering whether the University of Texas ' admissions practices aimed at creating campus diversity violate the rights of some white applicants . Arguments were held in October and a written ruling is pending . The high court under Chief Justice John Roberts has made the issue a key part of its docket in recent years , and it could serve as a major legacy of the current conservative majority . The justices in 2007 struck down public school choice plans in Seattle and Louisville , concluding race could not be a factor in the assignment of children to schools . Those school districts had sought to use raced-based criteria to achieve diversity . The issue in recent years is whether and when affirmative action programs -- while constitutionally permissible now -- would eventually have to be phased out as the goal of obtaining diversity is met . Now-retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor -- who wrote the key ruling a decade ago in the initial Michigan cases -- said , "  The court expects that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary to further the interest approved today . " The justices are now being asked once again to decide whether Michigan 's current policy meets that legal and social test . The case is Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action , Integration , and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality by Any Means Necessary  12-682  . Opinion : Taking affirmative action personally	Michigan bans race - and sex-based discrimination in university admissions A federal appeals court last year concluded the 2006 ban violates the U.S. Constitution Attorney : "  This is a tremendous day for black and Latino students in the entire country " State : The ban embodies the fundamental premise of what America is all about
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Bollywood star is facing a storm of controversy over the sex of his unborn child . India 's Health Ministry has launched an investigation into media reports that the actor Shah Rukh Khan and his wife are expecting a boy through a surrogate mother . Sex determination tests are banned in India , and elsewhere in Asia , due to a traditional preference for sons . Dr Jignesh Thakkar of the Indian Radiological & Imaging Association told CNN that India 's Health Ministry had investigated the case at the association 's request . "  We wanted to know how this had been leaked out because it 's confidential information that only a doctor and not even a patient knows , " said Thakkar , who is the association 's coordinator for the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act that bans sex selection . "  Action should be taken against the doctors and the patients who are not following this law . The celebrities or the rich and famous can not get away with it . " Khan -- who has a 16-year-old son and 13-year-old daughter -- has not yet commented on the issue . Thakkar said that doctors proven to have divulged an unborn child 's sex could face three years in jail and the suspension of their medical license for five years , while parents could face up to five years in jail . India banned sex detection in 1996 as it attempted to prevent the abortions of girls but , according to Rob Brooks at the University of New South Wales in Australia , this measure has had little impact on the country 's skewed sex ratio . Sex detection tests are also illegal in China , another country where sex ratios are strongly biased toward males , but the ban has done little to correct the country 's gender ratio , which in 2011 stood at 117 men for every 100 women . The global average is between 103 to 107 men per 100 women . "  It 's not particularly effective because there are always unscrupulous doctors , " he said . "  And ultrasound is a really important diagnostic technology so people go and get the ultrasound for other reasons and sometimes you ca n't help but notice the sex of the child . " Pakistan , Bangladesh , Iran , Afghanistan , Taiwan and South Korea also have unbalanced gender ratios , Brooks added . Brooks said that , in India , the preference for sons was historically confined to upper castes but as its economy has grown and the technology for sex selection made more widely available , the middle class had adopted the practice . In China , the preference is magnified by the country 's one-child policy and campaigns to stress gender equality are undermined by provisions that allow families in rural areas to have a second child if the first is a girl . "  Rich people want to have a male heir to inherit the family fortune , while people in rural areas want strong manpower and farmers think boys can do more to the help the family , " Zhang Zhongtang , an expert in family planning from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences told the Global Times in March . Brooks said that banning abortion for sex selection is just one small part of the measures needed to change attitudes , with improvements needed in women 's rights to property ownership and better pension provision to reduce parents ' reliance on their children along with reform to dowries and dowry like systems . But change is possible . Through legal reforms and a "  love your daughter " public awareness campaign that highlighted the dangers of skewed sex ratios , South Korea managed to reduce its sex ratio at birth from 116 men per 100 women to 107 by 2007 .	Health Ministry investigates reports Bollywood star and wife expecting a boy Sex determination tests are banned in India due to a traditional preference for sons Doctors and parents that break the law face time in jail , expert says Sex detection tests are also banned in China and South Korea
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Throughout President Barack Obama 's political career , he has been dogged by insinuations or , indeed , accusations that he is not "  black enough " to warrant strong support from African-Americans . Rep. Bobby Rush made that assertion when he successfully fended off Obama 's effort to wrest from him his seat in the House of Representatives in the Democratic primary in 2000 . Alan Keyes voiced that sentiment in his losing campaign against Obama for the U.S. Senate . When Obama accepted the presidential nomination of the Democratic Party , the celebrity scholar Cornel West groused that the first African-American standard-bearer for a major party had "  run from history " by failing to mention explicitly the "  black freedom movement . " Skepticism regarding Obama 's racial bona fides has continued to surface since he moved into the White House . Rep. Maxine Waters , for instance , has recently chided him for failing to craft policies that would explicitly target black unemployment and for otherwise neglecting , in her view , to evince a proper acknowledgment of the baleful and disproportionate pain being experienced in black communities on account of the economic downturn . What is one to make of this critique ? First , it should not be at all surprising . Black America is ideologically diverse , just like other communities . Moreover , as I document in "  Sellout : The Politics of Racial Betrayal , " there exists in black America a special anxiety about the loyalties of high achievers , especially when their success is largely dependent on whites and others who are not black . Every prominent black in a predominantly white setting faces , at one time or another , claims from fellow blacks that he or she is "  selling out . " Second , Obama 's black detractors receive a degree of attention in the news media that is far greater than their representativeness of black America or their influence within it . The great bulk of black American voters -- upward of 90 % -- supported Obama in 2008 and do so today . They do so because of his party affiliation , his liberal policy preferences , his identification with the African-American community  the offspring of an interracial couple , he calls himself black and married a black woman  , his personal attractiveness -- he is uncommonly articulate , handsome , knowledgeable and gracious -- and the fact that with all of the added burdens attendant to his blackness , he was still able to climb the Mount Everest of American politics . Unlike some of Obama 's most vocal detractors , the black rank-and-file have a realistic appreciation of the limits of his authority and the power of the forces arrayed against him , including a large , albeit amorphous , strain of racial resentment . Pained by the economic recession , they refrain from blaming Obama and instead direct their ire at those who not only saddled the first black chief executive with such a harrowing task of cleanup but also obstruct him relentlessly and often with barely disguised contempt . Third , even though Obama 's black detractors constitute currently only a small sliver of African-American public opinion , their critique is nonetheless important in practical , electoral terms . It is often the case that a vocal , motivated minority can exercise influence that far exceeds their numbers . Enthusiasm matters . A drumbeat of complaint calling into question Obama 's attentiveness to blacks might well diminish the fervency of the support he will need for his re-election effort . Furthermore , certain actions he might take to respond to the racial critique might well alienate other , nonblack , potential supporters . The race line will ensnare Obama no matter how he proceeds . It will not necessarily defeat him . His epochal victory in 2008 showed that , unlike previous eras , our own is one in which a black politician can overcome racial barriers to win the highest office in the land . Still , the sobering reality is that race remains an important , persistent force in American life despite the presence of a black family in the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Randall Kennedy .	Randall Kennedy : Some black voices have said Obama is n't "  black enough " He says many blacks who achieve success face similar charges Kennedy says Obama 's rank-and-file support in black community remains strong Most realize that Obama is confronting difficult issues , powerful forces , he says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai asked a Taliban-linked cleric based in Pakistan Saturday to help mediate talks with the Afghan Taliban , the cleric told CNN . Maulana Samiul Haq said he told Karzai he was prepared to help bring Taliban leaders to the table if the Afghan president and his government had specific offers and demands . "  What can I convey to the Taliban if their demands and offers for solutions are not clear ? " Haq said . "  Unless there 's a concrete process in place , then things ca n't move forward . " Karzai has not yet commented on the cleric 's remarks . Haq -- known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement -- met with Karzai during the final day of the Afghan president 's visit to Pakistan . The religious leader and former Pakistani senator runs an Islamic seminary in northwest Pakistan that produced many of the Afghan Taliban 's leaders during the Afghan jihad against the Soviet occupation in the 1980s . Haq says he is in contact with senior leaders of the Taliban but he did n't say who . He said the Taliban have two key demands -- the exit of all foreign troops from Afghanistan and the release of Afghan Taliban prisoners from detention centers in Guantanamo Bay and Bagram Air Base . "  Thousands of people have been killed in Afghanistan . Why should the Taliban start a dialogue without a guarantee that foreign forces will leave the region ? " Haq said . Haq said the Taliban are reluctant to negotiate with Karzai because they view him as a supporter of U.S. policy in the region . "  He needs to change that impression , " Haq said . Haq 's comments come after the Taliban rejected a reported claim Thursday by Karzai that the movement was taking part in secret talks with the Afghan government . The statement followed a report in the Wall Street Journal in which Karzai said , "  There have been contacts between the U.S. government and the Taliban , there have been contacts between the Afghan government and the Taliban , and there have been some contacts that we have made , all of us together . " Karzai 's assertion suggested a change in course for peace efforts , because the Taliban has long publicly refused to meet with Karzai 's government , and Afghan officials have complained they were largely sidelined in talks taking place between the United States and the Taliban . "  The last cards are with us . So far , it has been a U.S.-Taliban business . We have not been involved in this so I can not say what was discussed , " an Afghan government official told CNN last month . Last June , Karzai said the United States was involved in peace talks with the Taliban , and that representatives of the government and insurgents had been in touch , but that no high-level meetings had taken place . Karzai arrived Thursday in Pakistan for discussions with President Asif Ali Zardari on improving relations between the two countries and peace efforts in Afghanistan . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Cleric Maulana Samiul Haq says Karzai asked him to mediate talks with the Afghan Taliban Haq is known as one of the spiritual leaders of the Taliban movement President Karzai , in Pakistan for talks , has not commented on the cleric 's claim The Taliban deny that there have been meetings with the Afghan government
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The sham marriage trial of Mexican actress Fernanda Romero , under way in a Los Angeles federal court , offered more drama this week than the soap operas she is famous for . The courtroom cast included celebrity photographer and reality TV star Markus Klinko , whom defense lawyers tried to paint as a revengeful ex-boyfriend who turned her in to immigrations agents . Romero sat directly in front of jurors , holding hands with co-defendant Kent Ross , the Los Angeles musician she allegedly paid $ 5,000 to marry her so she could get a U.S. work visa . The couple had an "  unconventional relationship , " but their marriage was real , a defense lawyer said in opening statements . The 28-year-old actress-model began sobbing as Klinko testified against her Wednesday , outlining his romantic relationship with Romero that he said began after she married Ross . The judge scowled several times as the lead defense attorney questioned Klinko about areas already ruled irrelevant to the case . "  Please , do n't do that , " U.S. District Judge Manuel Real warned defense lawyer Michael Nasatir . Real 's rulings frustrated defense efforts to press Klinko about why he hired the private investigator who dug up the evidence that prompted immigration agents to begin their probe of Romero 's marriage . Klinko testified that it was "  completely incorrect " that his motivation was to get his former girlfriend deported . Instead , the investigator was gathering evidence to be used in a lawsuit against Michael Ball , the founder and owner of the Rock & Republic fashion company , Klinko said . The criminal complaint named Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Klinko said his lawyer turned the evidence over to the government only because he feared Klinko might by extorted by Ball . "  My case has never been against Fernanda , " Klinko said after his testimony . "  I wish her the best . " The judge also rejected the defense attempt to allege that Klinko , a Swiss native , was himself involved in a sham marriage in 1987 -- a charge he denied outside court . "  The defense attempted over and over again to taint Mr. Klinko with malicious and false smears , " said Klinko 's lawyer , Lisa Bloom . "  The judge repeatedly blocked them from doing so by sustaining multiple objections to their improper questions . We thank the judge . " The prosecutor in the case , Assistant U.S. Attorney Jim Left , said Romero could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences . The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . The federal complaint accuses Romero of paying Ross , 28 , to marry her June 12 , 2005 , but alleges that they never lived together as a couple . Romero began dating Klinko a month later , and they lived together for several months , the complaint says . According to a sworn affidavit by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Senior Special Agent Bonita Canterberry filed in the case , Klinko and Romero 's relationship ended in 2007 , about the same time Klinko filed a lawsuit against Rock & Republic and Ball , alleging breach of contract in relation to a photo shoot . Klinko also accused Ball of extortion . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JC Penney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her online biography says .	Defense : Fernanda Romero 's marriage was "  unconventional " but real The Mexican actress is accused of using a fake marriage to get a U.S. green card Photographer Markus Klinko was the key prosecution witness Klinko says his goal was not to get his ex-girlfriend deported
Sanaa  CNN  -- Thousands of Yemeni air force personnel rallied in the capital Saturday to demand the removal of the president 's half-brother as the country 's air force commander . They marched in front of the Sanaa home of Vice President Abdurabu Hadi to urge the removal of the commander , Mohammed Saleh , whose policies are under fire by other air force officials . Thousands of air force members staged similar protests elsewhere in Yemen , with demonstrations occurring in 16 of the country 's 21 provinces . The country has been beset with demonstrations against President Ali Abdullah Saleh since early last year . That 's when pro-democratic uprisings spread across the Arab world . Demonstrators have been turning out against the president despite a power transfer deal that leads to his departure . Under the plan , the president will step down in February . He will receive immunity under the plan forged by the Gulf Cooperation Council , made up of six Gulf Arab states . Executive powers already have been transferred to Hadi . Senior officials in Saleh 's General People 's Congress party condemned protests against relatives of the ruling family and called the actions an inappropriate tactic and a violation of the power transfer deal . They discussed the air force ferment in closed-door meetings on Friday . Hadi 's office said it is considering an idea to force Mohammed Saleh to step down temporarily and form a committee to run the air force . "  President Saleh will leave power willingly , but the opposition is pushing the wrong buttons and escalating the situation . Such actions will not help the safe transfer of power , " said Tareq al-Shami , the GPC spokesman . "  Political factions need to ease the tension in this critical period instead of causing barriers and bumps in the way of change . " But opposition parties , while denying that they are standing behind marches against senior ruling family members , said they can not stop the people from demanding their rights . "  It 's a revolution , and Yemenis have learned how to step up to their commanders who are oppressing them , " said Mohammed Qahtan , senior official of the opposition Islah party . Last week , Mohammed Saleh stoked anger at a meeting with senior air force officials and blamed them for not standing up for the president . One attendee threw his shoes at Saleh and called him a corrupt and oppressive commander . Such a gesture is considered a deep insult in Arab world . "  Mohammed Saleh demanded that air force pilots raid areas of innocent civilians . When we refused , dozens of pilots were imprisoned , " said Abdul Aziz al-Muhayya , deputy commander of air force operations . "  We are revolting against oppression . " Al-Muhayya told CNN that the marches at the vice president 's residence will continue until their commander is forced out of power . "  We are seeking an air force loyal to the country and not to a specific family . Our revolution will continue until the fall of the family from the country 's military and air force , " al-Muhayya said . Saleem Nasser , a pilot in the air force and one of the march organizers , said that more than 80 of his air force colleagues have been imprisoned and tortured by the ruling family after rejecting to attack tribes in the outskirts of Sanaa . "  They can not imprison thousands of us . We will not stop and will only serve the country . We vowed to not attack our people for the sake of a person , " Nasser said .	Air force rallies across Yemen are calling for the commander 's ouster The president 's party says the opposition is "  pushing the wrong buttons " One man threw his shoes at air force commander Mohammed Saleh
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed the budget agreement covering federal spending for the remainder of the current fiscal year on Friday , bringing an end to any remaining fears of a government shutdown . The bipartisan deal , which won approval Thursday from both the House and Senate , cuts $ 38.5 billion in spending while funding the government through September 30 . In a White House statement , Obama expressed his objection to two sections of the agreement , which prohibit the use of funds to transfer Guantanamo detainees into the United States and to move detainees into the custody of foreign countries unless specific conditions are met . "  Despite my continued strong objection to these provisions , I have signed this act because of the importance of avoiding a lapse in appropriations for the federal government , including our military activities , for the remainder of fiscal year 2011 , " the president said . "  Nevertheless , my administration will work with the Congress to seek repeal of these restrictions , will seek to mitigate their effects , and will oppose any attempt to extend or expand them in the future . " The president also said his administration would interpret a section of the agreement so as not to strip him of the right to fund some senior White House adviser positions . With its passage , White House and congressional leaders now turn their attention to what are expected to be more rancorous battles over the budget for the next fiscal year and the upcoming need to raise the federal debt limit . The deal covering the current year was announced by key leaders shortly before midnight last Friday , a mere hour before what would have been the start of a partial shutdown . Spokesmen on both sides of the aisle portrayed it as a step toward controlling America 's skyrocketing debt . The measure passed the Republican-controlled House on a 260-167 vote . The bill would not have passed , however , without support from members of both parties . Fifty-nine members of the GOP majority opposed it , showing the challenge faced by House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , in keeping his conservative Tea Party-infused caucus unified amid politically perilous tax and spending negotiations with the Democrats . The House vote also reflected growing liberal angst and anger over the impending spending reductions . Only 81 Democrats backed the measure ; House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , voted no . In the Democratic-controlled Senate , the final vote was 81-19 . House passes sweeping GOP budget cuts Under the deal , $ 38.5 billion will be cut from the budget , including funding from a wide range of domestic programs and services such as high-speed rail , emergency first responders and the National Endowment for the Arts . As part of the agreement , Congress also voted Thursday on measures to de-fund Planned Parenthood and Obama 's health care overhaul . As expected , both passed the House and were defeated in the Democratic-controlled Senate . One point of concern for conservatives was a report released Wednesday by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office showing that of the $ 38.5 billion in savings , only $ 352 million will actually be realized this fiscal year . Boehner insisted Thursday that all of the cuts will take effect eventually , but conceded that the analysis caused a degree of "  confusion " among House members . "  I 'm disappointed , " said freshman Rep. Joe Walsh , R-Illinois . "  I just think we could have gotten more . "	President Obama signs the spending deal covering the rest of the current fiscal year The deal includes spending reductions totalling $ 38.5 billion The measure passed both houses of Congress on Thursday Political leaders are now turning their attention to the debt ceiling and the fiscal year 2012 budget
NEW YORK  CNN  -- With the weekend arriving and a long day finally over , 8-year-old Cherrie Mahan stepped off her yellow school bus on a chilly Friday around 4 p.m. Cherrie Mahan 's third-grade school photo was used on her missing child flyers . The bus stop was about 100 yards from her home in rural Winfield Township in western Pennsylvania . But Cherrie did not make it to the hilltop trailer she lived in with her parents . She was never seen again . Investigators say her disappearance after the four mile ride home from elementary school on February 22 , 1985 , remains a mystery . "  It 's like a black hole opened up and she fell in , " said Cherrie 's mother , Janice McKinney . She recalled that she and Cherrie 's stepfather , Leroy , could hear the bus pulling up that day . Soon after Cherrie did not arrive , he went to the stop to look for her . " He came flying back up because she was n't there , " McKinney said . Watch what the girl 's mom has to say " Cherrie , an only child , would soon be celebrating her 33rd birthday , but in the minds of many , she will always remain a missing girl . "  People still talk about it , " said Trooper Frank Jendesky , the lead detective working on the case for the Pennsylvania State Police for the past 15 years . The driver and children riding the bus remember Cherrie getting off the bus with a few other students who lived nearby . One lingering detail has baffled investigators for years -- reports that a 1976 model van was following the school bus . The van , according to students , had a distinctive painted mural of a snow-capped mountain and skier wearing red and yellow clothes coming down the mountain . Despite many efforts , the van was never found and it remains unclear whether it holds a link to the puzzle . " By now it 's probably in a junkyard or somewhere , " said Jendesky , who considers the case a kidnapping or abduction -- rather than a homicide -- because a body was not found . "  It 's the not knowing that kills you , " McKinney said . " Every day you wonder and you look at some girl who 's 33 and you wonder , ` Is that her ? ' I look at little kids and wonder , ` Is that my grandchild ? ' " Over the years , police conducted hundreds of interviews and cleared several persons of interest , while the case file grew to more than 4,000 pages . Among his biggest frustrations , Jendesky said : "  The time lapse and a lot of the calls I 've gotten over the years really had no relevance to the case . " In the days before Amber Alerts and greater public awareness of crimes against children , McKinney said it took time before word of her daughter 's disappearance became widespread . McKinney said Cherrie 's case was included as a public service insert in a direct mail advertising campaign , one of the first times that approach was taken . Cherrie was especially close with McKinney 's parents . She described how the girl would lovingly mimic her grandfather 's daily morning walk in the garden with his hands cupped behind his back . Hanging in McKinney 's dining room is a picture Cherrie drew of a rainbow , trees , birds and clouds . It says "  Mom and Dad . " "  I have more memories of my daughter than most people get in a lifetime , " McKinney said , remembering that Cherrie loved the children 's character Strawberry Shortcake , enjoyed spelling and wanted to be an elementary schoolteacher . The day Cherrie went missing she was bringing home annual school pictures . That photo and the girl who never made it home with it became known to many on missing posters distributed across the nation . "  She was one heck of a special kid , " McKinney said . "  And there 's somebody out there that knows . And I hope that someday they have a conscience and they 'll let us know . Because that 's all I pray for , is to have an answer . " Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Cherrie Mahan or those responsible for her disappearance are asked to call the Pennsylvania State Police at 724 284-8100 .	Third-grader disappeared in February 1985 Police looked for , but never found van with mural of skier Cherrie Mahan 's missing person flyer was one of first sent by direct mail Know something ? Call the Pennsylvania State Police at 724 284-8100
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The message the brother and sister read aloud is one addressed to a missing father : 9-year-old Najwa and 8-year-old Tirad reciting the words in unison , "  Our mother 's starting to worry about you . " Their mom , Ensaf Haidar , is indeed worried , but she 's also pained . She knows how much her children yearn to see their dad , but she just does n't know what to tell them . How can she begin to explain that their dad has languished in a Saudi prison for almost a year ? How can she expose her kids to a brutal reality she feels they 're not ready to face ? "  They 're always asking me , ` When is Dad coming home ? ' " Haidar said . "  Telling me , ` Mom , I miss Dad so much . ' " Haidar struggles with the dilemma every day . "  It often feels like the world is against me , " she said . "  When I see how the children are deprived of their father , this is what bothers me the most . " Her three children , including 5-year-old Myriam , think their father 's just delayed by work . But Raif Badawi , 30 , has been imprisoned since being arrested in June . He is accused of , among other things , breaking Sharia law and starting a website that infringed on religious values . According to Haidar , her husband just wanted to encourage discussion about religion in his homeland . But starting a liberal Internet forum in conservative Saudi Arabia can be a dangerous pursuit . "  No one wanted to take his case , " said Waleed Abualkhair , Badawi 's attorney . "  Because they believed that anyone who 'd take this kind of case , that means he destroys his  own  reputation . But I do n't believe in that . I believe that everyone has his right to have a lawyer . And I believe that Raif is innocent . " Abualkhair is more than just Badawi 's attorney . He 's also his brother-in-law and a fellow human-rights activist also on trial in Saudi Arabia . Talking over Skype because he 's been banned from traveling outside Saudi Arabia , Abualkhair describes how he 's been accused of "  speaking to the foreign media with the intention of harming the country 's reputation . " He said any activist who calls for reform there is in danger of being arrested . Rights groups agree , accusing Saudi authorities of targeting activists through the courts and travel bans . Many were outraged when two of the country 's most prominent reform advocates , Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid , were recently sentenced to 10 years in prison apiece . Amnesty International called that trial "  just one of a troubling string of court cases aimed at silencing the kingdom 's human-rights activists . " "  Here 's the thing , " Abualkhair said . "  The government of Saudi Arabia , they want to show themselves outside Saudi Arabia that they are modern , that they are open-minded , that they want to change , they want to reform , that the problem is coming from the society , and that the society moves slowly . They keep saying that for the foreign media . "  But actually inside , when we act with our society , when we want to reform , when we want to do something with our society , they keep punishing us . " CNN has made several attempts to reach Saudi Arabia 's Justice and Interior ministries for comment but received no response . Asked in January about accusations that Saudi Arabia is cracking down on dissent , Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki , spokesman for the Saudi Interior Ministry , told CNN , "  At the Interior Ministry , our area of responsibility is security . " He added , "  My understanding is that these cases are being looked at by the courts now . Nobody will comment on cases being looked at by the courts . " Badawi 's legal troubles started shortly after he started the Free Saudi Liberals website in 2008 . He was detained for one day and questioned about the site . Some clerics even branded him an unbeliever and apostate . According to Haidar , she and Badawi began receiving death threats . Fearing for their and their children 's lives , they planned to move the family out of Saudi Arabia in 2009 . That was before they discovered Badawi had been placed under a travel ban and that his business interests had been frozen , depriving them of a source of income . In July , Human Rights Watch released a statement urging Saudi authorities to free Badawi . "  Saudi authorities should drop charges and release the editor of the Free Saudi Liberals website for violating his right to freedom of expression on matters of religion and religious figures , " a statement from the group said . Today , Haidar lives in Lebanon with the kids . She feels safer , but life 's become a lot lonelier . Estranged from her family , Haidar said it would be impossible to take her children back to Saudi Arabia . The stigma is too strong there . "  You feel like everybody 's accusing you , " she said , close to tears . "  Like everybody 's against you , at war with you . " According to Abualkhair , the Saudi Arabian government has little tolerance for activists who speak out . "  They did n't punish just  Badawi  , " Abualkhair said , describing how Badawi and those closest to him have effectively been ostracized . "  They punish his family . Actually , they punish their future . " Abualkhair said that even if Badawi is eventually released from prison , his future has been ruined . "  They destroyed his image in our society  by saying  that he 's against our Islam , " Abualkhair said . Abualkhair said Badawi fears he 'll be kept in prison indefinitely . "  What he 's afraid of , " he said , "  is that they just want to keep him in prison without judgment for a long time , like what 's happened now . Ten months without any judgment . They just moved his case from a court to another court to keep him in jail for a long time . " Haidar misses her husband more with each passing day , but she said all she can do is wait . Her children 's questions become ever more pressing as she grows more desperate . "  At the end of the day , you find there 's nobody to give you hope , " she said . "  Everybody is silent about the case . Nothing is moving forward . "	Rights groups say Saudi authorities are targeting activists through the courts , travel bans Blogger Raif Badawi has been in prison since June , charged with violating Sharia law His family has been effectively ostracized , waits for him in Lebanon
CNN  -- A videotape on a Russian Web site allegedly showing a State Department employee having sex with a prostitute is a "  smear campaign " meant to discredit the man , a State Department spokesman said Thursday . The State Department has said the tape allegedly showing an employee having sex with a prostitute is a fake . The employee , Brendan Kyle Hatcher , denied any encounter with a prostitute to his superiors at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , another State Department official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the U.S. ambassador to Russia , John Beyrle , "  supports " Hatcher , who remains at his job at the embassy . Hatcher had previously worked in the sensitive area of religious and human rights in Russia , the spokesman said . "  Mr. Hatcher ... enjoys the full confidence of Ambassador Beyrle and fully intends to serve out the rest of his tour in Moscow , " Kelly said at an afternoon briefing at the State Department . The United States "  deplores this type of campaign and use of the Internet to smear a foreign service officer of good standing , " he added . Watch why the U.S. says the tape is doctored " Beyrle was unequivocal in expressing his support in an interview with ABC News . "  Kyle Hatcher has done nothing wrong , " he said . "  Clearly , the video we saw was a montage of lot of different clips , some of them which are clearly fabricated . " A senior State Department official said , "  It 's a doctored tape and a set-up designed to implicate someone working as a liaison with religious and human rights groups in Russia . " The official said Hatcher , who is married , "  was approached by Russians ; they tried to blackmail him , but he did everything correctly , " reporting the incident to his supervisors at the Embassy . The tape then appeared on the tabloid newspaper Web site Compromat.ru and was picked up by other outlets . Diplomatic sources who declined to be named said Compromat.ru has a history of ties to Russia 's security services . Russia 's Foreign Ministry had no comment when asked about the video . Another senior State Department official , who has seen the video , said "  it 's clear to me that it 's him , " referring to portions showing Hatcher alone in the hotel room . "  But then the lights go down , " and the footage from there on is faked , that official said . The video of Hatcher in the hotel room was taken last year , "  somewhere in Siberia , " said the senior State Department official who watched the video . It was shot in a hotel that Hatcher visited , the official said . When questioned about the possible motivation for creating the video , the official said it 's presumed "  it was done because of his human rights work , " in Russia . The official doubted the incident will have any effect on U.S.-Russian relations and noted that the Kremlin and the Russian Foreign Ministry have both been "  very cooperative " in the months since the footage came to light . "  The vast majority of people there are working toward better relations , " the official said . Another official said Hatcher is a "  great officer " who , until last summer , was a political reporting officer focusing on religious freedom issues in Russia . The assignment lasts two years : one year in that specialty and a year on the visa-issuing line at the embassy . Last year , this official said , Hatcher was the lead officer compiling the State Department 's Religious Freedom report and was given an award for his work by the ambassador . Another official confirmed that Hatcher received a meritorious honor award in 2009 and a group award in 2008 . Hatcher , one official said , worked with religious groups that are considered "  outside the mainstream " in Russia , such as Protestants and non-Christians . Such faiths often face official and unofficial discrimination in the largely Russian-Orthodox society . Another senior State Department official said , "  there is a lot of inertia " among some special security services in Russia . "  They are pretty much unreconstructed , " he said . The security services may have wanted to compromise Hatcher 's ability to work with religious groups , he says , "  or they may have wanted to throw a stick into the spokes " of the U.S.-Russia relationship . "  Some in Moscow , " he said , "  are looking to integrate with the West , and others are trying to stop that . " The officials asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter . CNN 's Matthew Chance in Moscow and Paul Courson in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian officials are being "  very cooperative , " U.S. official says Russian site allegedly shows State Department employee having sex with prostitute U.S. ambassador says video clips "  clearly fabricated " Official : Tape meant to discredit employee working in religious and human rights
CNN  -- They 're big , strong , and fierce -- and they wear little blue booties . The police dogs in Duesseldorf , Germany are now patrolling the pavement in protective shoes that their police-officer handlers strap onto their paws . The reason ? Too many glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center , said Andre Hartwich , a spokesman for police in Duesseldorf . "  We wondered how can we protect our dogs ' feet against glass , " said Hartwich . "  We looked on the Internet and found these shoes . " Beer drinkers along the Rhine River and in the city 's Altstadt , or Old Town , often discard beer bottles on pebbled walkways . Broken glass poses a problem for the police force 's 20 German Shepherds and Belgian Shepherds , Hartwich said . In addition , hooligans and vandals leave behind glass shards around New Year 's Eve and during the city 's famous Carnival celebrations . So what 's a dog to do ? Their handlers shelled out 60 euros -- $ 89 -- for shoes that are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in Alaska . Dogs need a month of training to get used to wearing the shoes , Hartwich said . "  We have to condition the dogs to the shoes , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Police dogs in Duesseldorf , Germany are now wearing protective shoes Glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center are the reason Duesseldorf police force has 20 German and Belgian Shepherds Dogs shoes cost $ 60  $ 89  and are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in Alaska
CNN  -- It 's the townhouse that twists like a Rubik 's cube , to bask in the summer sun and shield itself when winter bites . Welcome to the transforming Sharifi-ha House in Tehran , Iran , where a normally static facade has been replaced by an adaptable , modular living space . Not content with luxury touches including a swimming pool , gym and cinema space , the seven-floor mansion has been designed to incorporate three rotating blocks that turn 90 degrees and transform the interior and exterior space . The design was grounded in need rather than luxury , say Tehran-based studio Next Office , the architects behind the new building . Temperatures in Iran can rise above 40 degrees Celsius  104 degrees Fahrenheit  or plummet well below freezing . Traditional Iranian houses cope with these extremes by incorporating an airy living room for summer and a separate , cosy living room for winter months . In the Sharifi-ha -- meaning Sharif 's house , after its owner -- rooms are transformed at the touch of a button . In the "  open " mode , the three blocks pivot outwards on their rotating base , pointing the windowed ends to the sun , which also creates a terrace on each floor . "  Closed " mode hides the windows to keep the house warm during Tehran 's snowy winters . The original design -- which Alireza Taghaboni , lead designer at Next Office , claims also references traditional Iranian houses -- has earned the firm a nomination at the World Architecture Festival Awards . Inside the house , two basement floors provide fitness facilities and "  wellness areas , " explains Taghaboni . Above a ground floor garage space and living quarters for a housekeeper , the top four floors comprise the home 's communal areas . The two lowest moving "  blocks " form a breakfast room and guest bedroom , while the upper block will be an office . Creating the rooms to turn on demand was no easy feat , say the architects . They puzzled over the interior handrails -- eventually redesigning them to fold as the rooms rotated . The turning mechanism for the rooms was , they say , the least of their worries -- the mechanical bases were already in use elsewhere -- as rotating sets in theaters or platforms for cars in showrooms . For the World Architecture Festival Award , the building will now go up against Vietnamese houses styled to become live-in plant pots , a concrete beach hut in Australia designed to withstand northern Queensland 's tropical storms , and a Mexican villa that rises tree-like out of above its surrounding vegetation . See also : London 's insane luxury basements See also : Who invests the most in global property ? See also : Micro-homes offer big solutions	Architects in Rian have design a house with rotating rooms Sharifi-ha has three rooms that can open in summer and close in winter The design is inspired by traditional Iranian houses that have different living rooms for the two seasons
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Chinese government increased its harassment of religious minorities before the Olympic Games , according to a U.S. State Department report released Friday . A Tibetan Buddhist monk in southwest China 's Sichuan province . The State Department 's Annual Report on Religious Freedom singled out China , Myanmar , North Korea , Iran , Sudan , Eritrea , Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan to "  blacklist " because they are "  countries of particular concern " when it comes to religious oppression . Over the past year , "  repression of religious freedom intensified in some areas " in China , including in the Tibetan region and in Xinjiang province , where the Uighur Muslims live . As the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games approached , some unregistered Protestant religious groups in Beijing reported intensified harassment from government authorities and said the government cracked down on home churches , the report says . The State Department found that over the past year , Chinese officials also detained and interrogated several foreigners about their religious activities , alleged that the foreigners had engaged in "  illegal religious activities " and canceled their visas . The government also undertook a "  patriotic education campaign , " which required monks and nuns to sign statements personally denouncing the Dalai Lama . As a result , the reports says , protests led to violence in Lhasa , Tibet , in March , and the government detained an unknown number of monks and nuns or expelled them from monasteries . In addition to its continued crackdown on groups such as the Falun Gong , which China considers a "  cult , " the government harassed Uighur Muslims and confiscated some of their passports to prevent their taking part in the hajj , the pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia . Once again , the U.S. criticized the government of Myanmar , saying its "  repressive , authoritarian military regime " had "  imposed restrictions on certain religious activities and frequently committed abuses of the right to freedom of religion . " Most followers of registered religions were permitted to worship as they chose , but the government infiltrated and monitored activities of virtually all organizations , including religious ones . The report says that although the North Korean constitution provides for religious freedom , "  genuine religious freedom does not exist , and there was no change in the extremely poor level of respect for religious freedom " over the past year . In Iran , the report says , "  continued deterioration of the poor status of respect for religious freedom " last year . "  Government actions and rhetoric created a threatening atmosphere for nearly all non-Shia religious groups , most notably for Baha'is , as well as Sufi Muslims , evangelical Christians , and members of the Jewish community , " the report says . "  Government-controlled media intensified negative campaigns against religious minorities , particularly the Baha'is . Reports of imprisonment , harassment , intimidation , and discrimination based on religious beliefs continued . " The State Department found some progress in Saudi Arabia . "  While overall government policies continue to place severe restrictions on religious freedom , there were incremental improvements in specific areas , " the report says . However , the report goes on to note that "  Non-Muslims and Muslims who do not adhere to the government 's interpretation of Islam continued to face significant political , economic , legal , social , and religious discrimination . " It also criticizes U.S. allies in Pakistan and Jordan for aggressiveness toward religious minorities . The governments of Iraq and Afghanistan were praised for endorsing religious freedom , but the State Department found that the war-torn countries have problems . In Afghanistan , "  the residual effects of years of Taliban rule , popular suspicion regarding outside influence of foreigners , and weak democratic institutions hinder the respect for religious freedom . " In Iraq , "  violence conducted by terrorists , extremists , and criminal gangs restricted the free exercise of religion and posed a significant threat to the country 's vulnerable religious minorities . " In releasing the report , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the United States is "  concerned by efforts to promote a so-called defamation of religions concept , " which has been the focus of numerous resolutions passed at the United Nations . She was referring to the Organization of Islamic Conference , a grouping of 57 Muslim states that does not recognize the right of individuals to freely change their religion and has prevented consensus on resolutions at the United Nations that would prohibit defamation of all religions , not just Islam . "  Despite a pretense of protecting religious practice and promoting tolerance , the flawed concept attempts to limit freedom of religion and restrict the rights of all individuals to disagree with or criticize religion , in particular Islam , " the report says . "  Instead of protecting religion practice and promoting tolerance , this concept seeks to limit freedom of speech , and that could undermine the standards of international religious freedom , " Rice said .	Myanmar , North Korea , Iran , Sudan , Eritrea , Saudi Arabia , Uzbekistan "  blacklisted " Tibetan region and in Xinjiang province in China stepped up oppression of Muslims State Department : China detained foreigners for their religion
CNN  -- David Wallechinsky did n't invent what 's on the Internet . It just seems that way . In 1977 , Wallechinsky , his father Irving Wallace and his sister Amy Wallace published "  The Book of Lists . " The compendium of cleverly presented facts , such as "  15 People Who Became Words , " "  10 Men Who Were Supported By Their Wives " and "  6 Positions for Sexual Intercourse -- In Order of Preference , " was n't just simple enumeration . It featured detailed explanations about its subjects , proving itself a worthy and entertaining reference work . "  The Book of Lists " immediately took its place on another list -- the bestseller list -- and spawned three sequels . More than three decades later , in the Internet age , its impact is everywhere . Countless websites , including CNN.com , have turned to lists -- sometimes in the form of galleries -- to help tell stories in a digestible way and boost page views . Topics range from "  History 's Biggest Mysteries " to "  13 Team Names That Will Make a Lot More Sense When You Know Their Origins " to "  11 Things You Did n't Know About Spinal Tap . " Sure , you ca n't copyright an idea that goes back to God and Hammurabi , but one might think that Wallechinsky might be seething about seeing his child so misused . Not in the least , says the author , Olympic historian and creator of the website AllGov.com . "  I was thrilled when the Internet came around , " he says . He understands that the list concept makes it easier to process information , and "  I 'm glad to have done what I could . " These days , Wallechinsky , 66 , devotes his time to AllGov.com , an attempt to create a different kind of information repository : a site all about the business of government , including details about dozens of government agencies and names of hundreds of government officials . Currently AllGov features the United States , California and France ; plans call for it to cover every U.S. state and every country in the world . "  We pride ourselves on accuracy , double-checking , " he says . "  The Internet is so full of junk and not-researched material . ... We try to emphasize policy instead of politics . " CNN spoke to Wallechinsky about lists , government and finding himself referenced on Wikipedia . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview . CNN : Have you ever reflected on the impact of "  The Book of Lists " on the Internet as we know it ? David Wallechinsky : Oh , sure . But I ca n't take credit because I have in my collection a book of lists that goes back to the 17th century . Certainly the ideas have been there . I was thrilled when the Internet came around . CNN : Why do you think the Internet is so full of lists ? Wallechinsky : I think we live in an era of over-stimulation -- too much information -- so lists are a way of grasping that information . It just makes it easier to do 11 of this or 7 of that . It just makes it easier to sort out that overwhelming amount of information . CNN : What sites using lists do you admire ? Wallechinsky : I like Mental Floss . I feel like they 've picked up the baton and done a wonderful job . They just have great categories . I really admire their obscure categories . I think the best lists are the ones you ca n't just look up -- you have to really think about and research . The ones that are n't easy . CNN : When "  The Book of Lists " came out in 1977 , it was a huge bestseller . Did you expect the reaction ? Wallechinsky : No , not really . My father and I had compiled a book , "  The People 's Almanac , " and one of the chapters was lists , just list-lists . We got a lot of feedback on the list chapter , and my father said , look at all this . What if we did a whole book of lists ? So we did it , and we thought , why just do one through 10 , when you can tell a little story behind it . I think that 's what really made it a success . CNN : Many websites use lists for clickbait , not for shedding any light on the subject at hand . Does this bother you ? Wallechinsky : Oh , sure . One thing I do n't like is where there 's a list or a gallery and you have to click for No. 2 , click for No. 3 , click for No. 4 . They 're just trying to get you to have more page views and sell more ads . I do n't want to have to do that . I just want to see the list on one page . CNN : What 's the story behind AllGov.com ? Wallechinsky : I was looking at the budget of the United States and I was overwhelmed by how much I did n't know as someone who follows politics . Something like 95 % of what the government did does n't get covered . I asked  Parade magazine , where Wallechinsky was a contributing editor  if I could do this article on where our tax dollars go . They said go ahead . I  also  did a sidebar on ridiculous projects about to be funded . The one I picked out to visit was the Bridge to Nowhere , which was n't so well known at the time , and it  became  the cover story . But when all the publicity about this died down , it was the other article I could n't get out of my mind . So I made this list of more than 300 agencies in the U.S. government , their budget , how many people they employ and that 's how I got the idea for AllGov .  The site 's been live since 2009 . CNN : The Internet is supposed to be the great leveler , now that there 's all this information out there . But are you concerned we get caught up in bread and circuses ? The Bridge to Nowhere got a lot of attention partly because it had a catchy name . Wallechinsky : Yes , certainly that 's the case . All I can do with AllGov is put it out there . If people are interested in the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Grain Inspection Bureau , then they will find this , and they will find the only independent view on the Internet of it . CNN : Do you think the Internet has made us more tribal ? Wallechinsky : You started to see that with the introduction of cable television . It used to be that everybody watched the same news channels and that was it . The minute cable came in , you got that breakup of what people were watching . The Internet is just an extension of that . But what makes the Internet so great is that it 's interactive . You can see opposing sources -- if you know how to use it . I 'm so honored it happened my lifetime , just from an information point of view . CNN : I ca n't be the first person to ask you about creating the Internet . Wallechinsky : I have n't looked in the last year or two , but at one point on Wikipedia it actually mentioned that either "  The People 's Almanac " or "  The Book of Lists " was the progenitor of the Internet .  laughs  I do n't know if it 's still there .	David Wallechinsky 's "  Book of Lists " used an influential format now all over Web "  Book of Lists " was a bestseller when it came out in 1977 , spawned three sequels Wallechinsky now head of AllGov , compilation of government news and info Wallechinsky : With lists , "  it just makes it easier to do 11 of this or 7 of that "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Armed men clashed with Ukrainian border guards Saturday after a separatist leader was detained at a checkpoint . He was trying to re-enter the country from Russia , the Ukrainian Border Service said . The incident is the latest violent flare-up in eastern Ukraine , where pro-Russia separatists staged a referendum on independence last weekend . Luhansk 's self-declared "  people 's governor " Valeriy Bolotov -- who is wanted by Ukraine 's Security Service -- was stopped at the Dovzhanskiy checkpoint , the border service statement said . Following his detention , about 200 armed men arrived at the checkpoint and demanded his release . The border guards tried to avoid bloodshed , but after an altercation , shots were fired . In the ensuing armed assault on the checkpoint , "  the attackers " were able to take back Bolotov , the statement said . The were no casualties in the incident , separatist spokesman Vasiliy Nikitin said . The fight involved about 150 fighters on each side , he said . Bolotov had gone to Russia for medical treatment after being wounded on Tuesday . Tensions remain high across the country 's east , with just over a week to go before May 25 presidential elections . Separatist groups have declared "  people 's republics " in both Luhansk and Donetsk . Neither the West nor the interim government in Kiev consider the two regions ' referendum on independence as legitimate . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the U.S. government rejects Denis Pushilin , the self-declared leader of the Donetsk People 's Republic , who asserted earlier this week that his region is not only independent , but also will ask to join Russia "  These pro-Russia separatists have never been elected and do not represent the people of the region , " Psaki said Saturday . " ... Any decisions made about Ukraine must be taken by those with lawful authority , representing the citizens of Ukraine as a whole , and not under threat of foreign military intervention . " Separatist leader : Donetsk region asking to join Russia Russia slams Kiev military operation Russia 's Foreign Ministry called Saturday for an end to what the Kiev government describes as an anti-terrorist operation against the separatists -- and questioned whether it was possible to hold elections given the militarized situation . In its statement , the ministry accused Ukrainian troops backed by aircraft of trying to storm the town of Slovyansk and of using heavy artillery to shell "  civilian installations . " "  Such punitive action against its own citizens shows the hypocrisy of the Kiev authorities , " the statement said , referring to an international pact agreed to last month which called for an end to violence . Ukraine 's official news agency Ukrinform cited the nation 's Defense Ministry Saturday as saying that Ukrainian forces continue to "  fully control " the situation around Slovyansk , a stronghold of pro-Russia militants . The militants have put up 27 barricades around the town , where they still hold a number of public buildings , the Defense Ministry is quoted as saying . Report : Human rights worsening A U.N. report released Friday shows an "  alarming deterioration " of human rights in eastern Ukraine , said the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay . The report paints a troubling picture , citing cases of targeted killings , torture , beatings , abductions and sexual harassment , as well as intimidation of the media . It also highlighted serious problems in Crimea , Ukraine 's Black Sea peninsula that was annexed by Russia in March , particularly for the minority ethnic Tatar population . Russia 's Foreign Ministry dismissed the findings of the U.N. report , saying it showed a "  complete lack of objectivity , total inconsistencies and double standards . " Kiev and the West have condemned the annexation of Crimea and accuse Moscow of backing the pro-Russia militants in Ukraine 's east . Moscow blames the unrest in Ukraine on far-right ultranationalist groups . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Radina Gigova and Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. spokeswoman : Separatist leader in Donetsk does n't represent region Ukraine 's border service says armed men freed a detained separatist leader Luhansk 's "  people 's governor " Valeriy Bolotov was wanted by the security service Tensions remain high in eastern Ukraine , with presidential elections just over a week away
Istanbul  CNN  -- The Turkish government moved Friday to resolve a crisis that erupted earlier in the day when the country 's top four military officers left their jobs en masse in the latest power play between the government and the Turkish military . Late at night , the government turned to the only top commander who has not quit his position , naming former Gendarmerie Commander General Necdet Ozel acting chief of general staff and land force commander . According to people familiar with Turkey 's procedures , he needs to serve at least for a day as a force commander before he can be appointed to the top military position of chief of general staff . The announcement came hours after Chief of Staff Gen. Isik Kosaner tendered his retirement letter to the prime minister , the country 's state-run Anatolia News Agency reported . Land Forces commander Gen. Erdal Ceylanoglu , Navy commander Adm. Esref Ugur Yigit and Air Forces commander Gen. Hasan Aksay , all asked for their retirement . Their departures came in the face of disagreements by the military with the government over the fate of officers jailed for allegedly plotting to overthrow the ruling Justice and Development Party . And they come at a key time -- three days before Monday 's planned meeting of Turkey 's Supreme Military Council , which will decide what happens to the officers , state-run media reported Friday . The government wants active-duty officers who are defendants in the case to retire . The military says the officers , some of whom are up for promotions , have not been proven guilty and therefore should not be forced to leave . Kosaner had met earlier Friday with President Abdullah Gul and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who won his third term in office last June in a landslide victory , a show of political power that has energized his base of support . About 200 soldiers , including senior ones , both retired and active-duty , are defendants in an ongoing court case about an alleged coup plan dubbed "  Sledgehammer " said to have been cooked up eight years ago at a meeting of military officers . "  It 's unprecedented to have the chief of staff and three force commanders resigning en masse , " said Bulent Aliriza , director and senior associate of the Center for Strategic and International Studies ' Turkey Project . "  It 's an expression of displeasure with the civilian government and , frankly , leaves in disarray the promotion process that was about to begin , " he said . "  This is their clearest possible response to Prime Minister Erdogan . " He said it comes at an important time , with the Turkish military fighting the Kurdistan Workers ' Party in the southeast , and predicted the moves will create massive complications among the land forces . Aliriza said the military establishment , according to its traditions , puts forth its own promotion recommendations , with the participation of the prime minister and the defense minister . Once they reach an agreement , the list is sent to the president for approval . But there have been tensions between the country 's military , which has supported the secular system over the years , and Erdogan 's party , which has Islamist roots . Accusations by Erdogan 's government that military and secular figures were involved in coup plots have intensified hostilities . The government wants to prevent these officers from getting promoted and holding key positions in the military while the military does not want them to be forced to retire . Soner Cagaptay , director of the Turkish research program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and a visiting professor at Georgetown University , wrote in an article for CNN 's Global Public Square on Friday that the military "  is snapping under the weight of the ruling Justice and Development Party , " known as the AKP . "  Historically the most-respected institution in the country and the kingmaker in Ankara , the military has seen its prestige and power free-fall since the AKP took power in 2002 , " Cagaptay wrote . "  Coup allegations , including assertions that the military was planning to bomb Istanbul 's historic mosques to precipitate a political crisis , have hurt the Turkish army 's standing . The military 's status as the most trusted institution in the country is plummeting : in 2002 , around 90 percent of the Turks said they trusted their military , while now most polls show that barely 60 percent say they do . " He mentions another court case , known as Ergenekon , which also accuses the military of involvement in a coup plot : "  For the first time in its life , the Turkish military is like a deer in headlights , facing the political high beams of the Ergenekon case . " "  And now the military has snapped . The straw that broke the camel 's back came earlier this week , when pro-AKP media suggested that 14 active-duty generals and admirals who had been arrested in relationship to the Ergenekon case , though not yet indicted , would not only be bypassed in their promotions , but also forced to resign . Furthermore , only yesterday , the police arrested 22 additional top brass officers , blocking their likely promotion . " He said the "  officer corps is demoralized , " with generals and hundreds of other officers jailed with no indictments in sight . "  This is the Turkish military leadership 's way of telling the government : ` We are done playing with you . Set up your own team -- if you can , " he said . Yesim Comert reported from Istanbul . Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	NEW : The only top commander who did not quit is promoted The chief of the general staff and three top commanders are leaving There 's a dispute over the future of officers in jail for a coup plot This comes ahead of a Supreme Military Council meeting
CNN  -- I believed we had learned lessons from the George Zimmerman case in how to better handle cases like the Michael Brown shooting . Zimmerman , you 'll recall , was charged with shooting Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black teenager in Sanford , Florida , in 2012 . I was Zimmereman 's lawyer . That case caught national attention for the shooting itself , but almost more for the way law enforcement was perceived to have mishandled it and for the racial animus it exposed over how young blacks are treated in the criminal justice system . Unfortunately , I 'm not sure that all of the right people have learned all of the right lessons from that case . Now , as the days drag on in Ferguson , Missouri , it seems that some involved , particularly in the law enforcement hierarchy , are not handling the Michael Brown case better than the Zimmerman case . In fact , this time it 's being handled worse . Some observations on Ferguson : The social media response has been amazing . An event these days -- whether it be the Michael Brown shooting , the Donald Sterling uproar , the questionable death of Kendrick Johnson in Georgia -- gains a life online via social media , keeping it in the forefront of our national conversation . Though there are down sides , one of social media 's strong positives is that it allows for an open , quick and national discourse . With the crackdown on the press in Ferguson this week , it was citizens with cell phones who provided pictures and helped set the editorial agenda . The Ferguson Police Department has fallen far short of expectations . While we still do n't know -- and likely wo n't for a while -- what exactly happened and why the officer fired those fatal shots , the way the Ferguson police department reacted was poor and made matters worse , not better . A sensitive response -- informed by an awareness that this shooting would lead to a powerful , communitywide reactionâ $ " would have acknowledged the trauma inflicted on the entire black community . While I still maintain that the integrity of the investigation is paramount  if charges are being considered , we must make sure that the witnesses were not tainted by leaked information or coached in their answers to the perceived events  , the police mishandled the situation in important ways , and in ways that undermined or destroyed the black community 's faith that this would be handled properly . Critics rip police tactics , use of military equipment The name of the officer who shot Michael was finally released Friday . He is Officer Darren Wilson , a six-year veteran of the department . It was time to do this . At least now that point of frustration has ended . But the decision also to release the videotape of the previous robbery event in which Michael Brown was suspected was a further insult to the sensitivities that exist in this now cultural event . If it had to be done , it should have been well separated . We should n't forget that the law enforcement agencies involved in the investigation , from the Justice Department and the FBI to the St. Louis County Sherriff , had already had the officer 's name , his background , his disciplinary record , his medical records -- and are still gathering the other information necessary to begin drilling into who he was before this shooting and what happened to him during it . The coordinated interaction between these agencies is a good definition of transparency , not piecemeal distribution of snippets of information . The police chief 's decision to come out with a statement early in the investigation defending his officer was a poor decision , as it polarized an already tense environment and was insensitive to Ferguson 's African-American community . Missouri state troopers take over security in Ferguson How the police reacted to the civil unrest is a mixed bag . While law enforcement agencies have both the right and the obligation to maintain civil order and peace , they must do so in a way that is sensitive to the issues that are being addressed in protests . I do not have a concern with an appropriate police presence , and I believe police should act to stop destruction of property or the use of the protest for personal gain or profit , such as looting stores . That said , nothing justifies use of an aggressive police presence without proper cause . There was no basis for a military-style response , even though the law enforcement could justify it by looking at their textbooks . This did not warrant a textbook response . This warranted -- demanded -- a response that carried the respect appropriate in such difficult times . We also now know that a lesser response , as has happened since estate police took over , worked to lessen tensions . 5 things to know about the Michael Brown shooting At the very least , I sincerely hope that the police agencies involved maintained their own video log of events witnessed and reacted to by law enforcement . If those actions were necessary in response to threats or inappropriate actions from protesters , I would give the department deference . But they are going to have to justify tear gas and rubber bullets , and that will be tough to do in a situation as socially charged as this one . There will be and should be , a review of police activities in response to the shooting ; not to place blame , but as a learning tool . We were dangerously close to a meltdown in Ferguson . We now look back at how Seminole County , Florida , handled the Zimmerman matter and must acknowledge they did a better job than Ferguson . The protesters , setting aside for a moment the looters and hooligans , have acted in a very appropriate and responsible way . Our country was built upon the concept of seeking appropriate redress of actions by our government . It is not only allowed and appropriate , but it is ingrained in our national fabric and the nation would be weaker without it . The people who take advantage of a situation that allows them to loot and steal -- which they continued doing early Saturday -- should face significant consequences . Not only have they committed individual crimes by their actions , but they have desecrated the very purpose of the respectful protesters and in doing so damaged the national perspective of the protest itself . Their actions distract attention from the important , underlying reasons for the protest and threaten to turn the process into a dangerous , counterproductive battle between themselves and the police presence . Looting , tensions dash tenuous peace in Ferguson 's streets The response Friday night and early Saturday by law enforcement was restrained ; they deserve credit . Even more so , the protesters who tried to block the looters stand as testament to the true purpose of their involvement : peaceful pleas for change . The governor of Missouri should have taken stronger action and done so much sooner . While he may have hoped that this incident could be addressed properly at the local level , Gov. Jay Dixon should have realized that was n't going to happen by the end of the first 24-hour period . At that point , having an elected official unconnected with the police department involved would have given the proper appearance of impartiality and would have put the strength of the entire state behind this event . I 'm very glad that Dixon finally became involved in the process , and I believe his presentation to the church affirming the state 's commitment was necessary . His promise to handle this matter to the end , in a transparent way , and to seek justice wherever that may lead , was the right position for the governor to take .  P.S. -- Do n't try to make jokes about how you look on camera when you 're dealing with a national tragedy . President Barack Obama should have a voice in the public reaction to this event , but he needs to be circumspect in his presentation . I have , in the past , expressed my chagrin that Obama injected himself into the Zimmerman matter -- not because he involved himself with a national tragedy , but because he took a side in a pending case where he should be very reluctant to do so . I appreciate his more inclusive and tempered response to this troubling shooting . Opinion : Obama , ca n't you see black anger in Ferguson ? Traditional media have handled this case well . Across the board , media outlets have presented a number of well-balanced reviews of the relevant issues . The traditional media learned a good deal from the Zimmerman case : Reporting on the Michael Brown shooting has been much better founded in both the rules of evidence , the rules of the court and the statutes that deal with such issues as self-defense , "  imminent fear of great bodily injury , " and police procedures . The media have learned to understand the subject and the applicable statutes before commenting on the case . Full coverage on Ferguson shooting and protests There has also been a greater level of fairness in reporting , and also a necessary acknowledgment that precious few facts are available yet . The media have asked the right questions , but have hesitated to fuel speculation . And that is the essence of responsible reporting .	Mark O'Mara : Response in Brown killing shows we did n't learn enough in Trayvon Martin case He says social media played big role this time in driving national conversation on Ferguson He says cops blew it with military-style response that disrespected black community O'Mara : Governor too slow to react ; protesters , President , media acquitted themselves well
CNN  Somewhere over the rainbow , people on the Internet are losing their minds . Is it real ? After the New York area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday . Amanda Curtis , CEO of a fashion company in New York , snapped the lucky shot . At first , she thought it was just one . "  But I looked a little bit closer and saw that there were actually four , " she told CNN . "  I had a small moment of awe . " She posted the picture to Twitter , and within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets . "  It 's been surreal I feel like we 're breaking the Internet but in a really great way , " she told CNN affiliate WPIX . According to CNN weather producer Rachel Aissen , this would be a double rainbow that has been reflected in the sky , due to a smooth body of water underneath the rainbow . This is n't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples . But the splendor of such a scene can render us speechless , even emotional -- much like the star of the famous "  double rainbow " video . CNN iReporter Yosemitebear Vasquez posted a video to YouTube in 2010 reacting to a double rainbow he spotted in Yosemite National Park . The video has since garnered over 40 million views . Of course , we asked the unofficial rainbow spokesman to weigh in on the phenomenon . "  Whoa , that 's a quadruple rainbow ! All the way , " he exclaims . "  What does it mean ? " We do n't know exactly , but the Internet ca n't get enough .	Amanda Curtis , CEO of a fashion company in New York , posted a picture of four rainbows to Twitter "  I had a small moment of awe , " she said
CNN  -- World leaders and jubilant Americans on Monday acclaimed the news of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden 's death in a raid by U.S. military forces on a compound in Pakistan . But the chatter on the radical websites that bin Laden 's terrorist network used to speak to the world mourned his passing with an edge of defiance , celebrating him as a martyr and vowing al Qaeda will continue despite its leader 's death . "  Congratulations for dying as a martyr and a fighter in the sake of Allah , " one poster wrote . "  We wo n't cry today , but we will revenge . Men and women in America will cry . " another post read , echoing warnings from Western leaders that the terrorist network will almost certainly move to avenge bin Laden 's death . The sites , frequented by radical Islamists who subscribed to bin Laden 's philosophies , have played a significant role in attracting and radicalizing potential terror recruits and the broader radical Islamist community and have been frequently used by al Qaeda and its affiliates to broadcast statements . Video and audio messages purported to be from bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , his second-in-command , have shown up for years on jihadist websites to exhort followers to keep the faith and continue their fight against the West . Many of the Web posters on Monday reacted to bin Laden 's death by referring to him as a "  shaheed , " or martyr . One was headlined "  The Lion of Jihad was killed in a fierce battle . " Some mourned . "  Teary eyes and sad hearts go out to you , the dearest and most noble of people . " one poster wrote . Others celebrated bin Laden 's death as a promotion of sorts . "  May Allah increase your rank in Jannah o Sheikh Osama ! " one poster wrote . Jannah can be translated as "  paradise . " "  May Allah give you a place next to our beloved Prophet  saws  , amen amen , " wrote another . "  Saws " is an abbreviation for the phrase meaning "  peace be upon him . " Not everyone could believe what they were hearing . "  The news came down on my ears this morning like thunderbolt , " one poster commented . Another simply hoped the reports were lies . Web messages attributed to bin Laden have touched on several issues . He urged Muslims to tackle famine and other problems plaguing parts of the Muslim world and made assorted threats against the West . The speaker made reference to a range of jihadi battlegrounds , such as Somalia , Iraq , Afghanistan , Israel and the Palestinian territories , Messages had been posted as late as January 21 , when an audiotape of a man purported to be bin Laden said the release of two French journalists abducted by militants hinged on France 's military role in Afghanistan . "  We repeat the same message to you , " said the speaker in an audiotape played on the Al-Jazeera satellite news network . "  The release of your prisoners from the hands of our brethren depends on the withdrawal of your soldiers from our countries . " The speaker warned the French government that its alliance with the United States will prove costly . Taliban militants captured the journalists -- Herve Ghesquiere and Stephane Taponier from France 3 Television -- in December 2009 and threatened to kill them if France did not meet their demands , which included the release of some detainees held by France . It is believed the two remain in Taliban custody . Bin Laden also gave interviews and made statements and videos before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .	Radical Islamic websites ring with praise of bin Laden "  We wo n't cry today , but we will revenge , " one poster wrote The terrorist leader 's al Qaeda organization frequently used such sites to release messages
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Once a star soccer player , Frankie Lobos loves being out on the field , in the open air . But the soccer legend fell on hard times , and became a miner . "  Being on the football field is what I have spent my life doing , " he says . "  I never wanted to be a miner . Then I was in a mine for 69 days with little chance of surviving . " He was one of 33 miners trapped when his mine collapsed in August . Lobos feared the mine would be his tomb . "  We did n't have days in the mine , " he says through a translator . "  It was just one long night . A night of complete darkness . " Alone , in the dark and starving . "  Imagine it , a spoon and a half of tuna every 24 hours , then every 48 hours , at the end it was every 72 hours . There was no water left , only the water that was in the machines and we could n't drink it , " he recalls . They were running out of everything . The men blindly scrounged for cigarette butts from the mine floor . The only thing they had in abundance was fear . Then , 17 days after the collapse , a drill bore through , bringing both excitement and hope . "  It was chaos . All of us agreed to be calm , but it was n't possible . That was when we returned from the dead , " he says . He had only one wish . "  All we hoped for was to see our families again . I dreamed of them every day . I saw all their faces . That was what gave me the will to survive , " he says . And the family shared his will , toughing it out for weeks in the tent camp near the mine , and raising his spirits over a video conference system . Lobos feared he would never return to his soccer field , right up until the moment the first rescuer arrived in the mine . But it turned out that the miner and the rescuer had already met . Rescuer Miguel Gonzalez also played professional football in Chile -- against Lobos , the man he was about to save . "  He told me ' I played against you , ' " when he arrived . "  I chatted with him about it , about playing with him and I said , ` Make my rescue quick . I want to be with my family . ' " His ascent was quick -- so quick that at one point he panicked , thinking he was falling back into the mine . Gonzalez 's rescue of Lobos is not the end of their intertwined destinies . The men will meet once more on the football field in a face off between the miners and the rescuers . President Sebastian Pinera set up the match and joked that the winners get to stay a night in La Moneda , the presidential palace , while the losers have to go back to the mine . Lobos expects to be on the winning side . His glory days may be behind him , Lobos says , but never bet against a Chilean miner .	Frankie Lobos once played pro soccer , but fell on hard times He ended up in the Chilean mine that collapsed When his rescuer arrived , it turned out they had met before
"  What do you want to be when you grow up ? " It 's both a daunting and a promising question that children field from the time they can comprehend the concept of a future . For newborns in the neonatal intensive care unit of Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , that tiny query is even more poignant . A new photo series imagines bright futures in store for the hospital 's monitor-strapped preemies . Whimsical doodles are superimposed on pictures of the babies , depicting them in professions such as astronauts , Olympians , ballerinas and chefs . "  From the NICU to the Moon " is part of the organization 's Safe Sleep Campaign , which hopes to connect parents and caregivers with safe sleeping tips in order for their babies ' sweet dreams -- amid the steady beep-beep of NICU monitors -- to become a reality . The photographs were taken by an employee of Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , and designers at Matchstic , a branding agency in Atlanta , handled the imaginative doodles . All of the little dreamers were born between 25 and 37 weeks of gestation , according to Jessica Wright , a nurse educator . "  We wanted the photos to help educate parents about the need for babies to sleep alone , on their backs and in a crib , " Wright said , adding that babies can be unintentionally harmed by blankets and stuffed animals in the crib , sharing an adult bed or sleeping on his or her stomach . According to the CDC , approximately 4,000 infants between 1 month and 1 year of age die suddenly and unexpectedly each year -- and the leading cause of those deaths is accidental suffocation or strangulation in bed . More than that , the campaign is about looking to the next chapter after the NICU , Wright says , and a safe sleeping environment is a big part of it . "  We also wanted the photo series to show that our NICU babies are poised to make a big impact on the world , " Wright said .	"  From the NICU to the Moon " envisions prenatal babies in future professions The photos are part of a larger campaign to encourage "  safe sleeping " at home Accidental suffocation or strangulation in bed is leading cause of sudden infant deaths "  Our NICU babies are poised to make a big impact on the world , " one nurse said
Apple has been accused of kowtowing to the Chinese government by pulling from its China App Store a product enabling users to circumvent firewalls and access restricted sites . OpenDoor , a free app that provides users a randomized IP address to keep their browsing habits anonymous and shielded from censors , was removed after the tech giant deemed it contained "  illegal content , " the app 's lead developer told CNN . It remains available in App Stores outside China . The developer -- who wished to remain anonymous , saying that "  as the developers of an app that protects users ' privacy and anonymity online , it only makes sense to do the same ourselves " -- said Apple provided no notification that the app had been pulled , with the developers only learning from consumers . When Apple responded to OpenDoor , they were told only that the app contained content that was illegal in China . Apple requires developers to comply with legal requirements in all locations in which the product is made available . The company did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . OpenDoor , a self-described "  small team of programmers spread across the world collaborating over the Internet , " considers it has reasonable grounds to challenge Apple 's move , as its product is a browser app and any content accessed through it is at the discretion of the user . But the developer said there were no plans to try to force the tech giant into a rethink . "  Unfortunately , we 're not aware of any app developer ever  successful  in challenging Apple 's decision . In fact , we wo n't be surprised if Apple decides to pull our app from all app stores and/or terminates our account in retaliation  to publicity over the issue  . " The developer said that prior to its removal from Apple 's China App Store on July 11 , the app was being downloaded about 2,000 times a day in China , accounting for about a third of the app 's total downloads . The Chinese government strictly polices Internet access , censoring web users and blocking access to sites deemed sensitive . Chinese social media users were critical of Apple 's move , saying the decision diminished the company 's moral standing , and comparing it unfavorably to Google as a champion of Internet freedom . "  The fruit is contaminated , " wrote a user on the Twitter-like Sina Weibo microblog under the handle @XieGov . "  Where 's your integrity ! " asked @Shenzhenlangya . "  The only one who does n't surrender to evil is my great Google ! " wrote @Meihoujiushilaowang . A smaller group were more understanding of the company 's position , however , acknowledging that conforming to China 's censorship policy was the price to pay to do business in the country . "  Apple is determined to do well in China , " wrote Sina Weibo user @Mantianyufeihong . "  How can Apple step in to the Chinese market without strict censorship ? How can it do business without showing their sincerity  to the government  ? " Other apps previously removed from Apple 's App Store in China for falling foul of censorship laws include one providing access to forbidden books , and a news app for a U.S.-based broadcaster founded by the banned spiritual group Falun Gong .	Apple is being criticized for blocking access in China to a firewall-busting app The app , OpenDoor , was pulled for falling foul of censorship laws Users of Chinese social media say the tech giant has lost integrity over the move
CNN  -- Xavi Hernandez has signed an extended deal with Barcelona that will keep him at the Camp Nou for the rest of his career , the Spanish club have announced . The midfielder 's new contract will be triggered if he plays in over half of Barcelona 's games in the final two years of his current deal . Should he hit all the club 's targets he will be at Barcelona until 2016 , when he 'll be 36 . Xavi is currently preparing for the World Cup with Spain . Young winger Pedro Rodriguez has also signed a new deal until 2015 , with an improved salary and a new release fee of $ 108 million . Xavi told Barcelona 's official Web site : "  I want to hang up my boots here . I wanted to know that I 'm not going anywhere . "  I 'm very grateful to president -LSB- Joan -RSB- Laporta and director of sport Txiki Begiristain because they listened to me . It 's what I want . I 'm a big Barca fan and I 'm very happy . "  I 've been involved with Barca all my life , coming up through the ranks , and I 'd like to hang up my boots here . My only objective is to retire here . " Club president Joan Laporta said : "  It 's great news for the club . Xavi 's story is a really nice one . A boy who played in the youth teams and made his first team debut when he was 18 . "  We should be grateful to Xavi . From the moment he became one of the captains of the team , with players like Puyol , Iniesta , Valdés , Messi and Piqué , he has shown the personal and sporting profile which proves that the youth academy has triumphed . " Pedro has already won seven trophies at Barcelona after making his debut for the club in 2008 and scored 23 goals in all competitions last season . The 22-year-old told the official Web site he was delighted with his improved contract : "  I 'm very happy . I 'd like to thank the board for the support they have given me . "  Without Mr Laporta this would n't have been possible . The players will always remember him . " Pedro is also in Spain 's World Cup squad , which flies out to South Africa on Wednesday .	Xavi Hernandez has signed an extended deal with Barcelona Midfielder will remain at the club until 2016 Xavi says he wants to stay at Barcelona until he retires Young winger Pedro signs improved contract with Barcelona
Reno , Nevada  CNN  -- Exactly a year after a crash that killed 10 spectators and the pilot of a modified World War II era airplane , the Reno Air Races returned to action in the skies over western Nevada . An emotional memorial ceremony was held around noon Sunday  3 p.m. ET  at Reno-Stead Airport , stirring up sad , difficult memories for the thousands in attendance and bringing at least one son of a person killed in last year 's crash to tears . Reflecting on the "  devastating blow " that last year 's crash dealt to the Reno "  air race family , " Reno Air Racing Association President and CEO Mike Houghton talked about the "  tremendous sorrow " many had experienced and the resilience and courage of those whose relatives were killed . "  In their absence , our lives have changed , " Houghton said of the 11 victims . "  Yet I have seen firsthand that through their memories and through watching and getting to know those they left behind , we can better understand what it means to love and to live . " U.S. Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada , then gave brief descriptions of each person killed . A short time later , the victims ' names were read out again -- with a white balloon released into the air for each one . The ceremony ended with a parachutist dropping in with the American flag at the end of the national anthem Soon thereafter , races resumed with aircraft once again crisscrossing the skies . Earlier , Houghton said most people would not have bet that the Reno Air Races would happen this year . That did not hold true , though there have been notable differences : Advance ticket sales were down 7 % to 8 % from previous years , and the crowds in the first few days since the event opened on Wednesday have been smaller , the association 's leader said . According to the National Transportation Safety Board , last year 's crash of the modified P-51 airplane -- named "  Galloping Ghost " and flown by pilot Jimmy Leeward -- was caused by the failure of several lock nuts on the left trim tab , which is part of the airplane 's tail . The worn nuts allowed the screws to loosen , ultimately leading the aircraft to plunge into the ground in front of the box seating area , killing Leeward and 10 spectators . More than 60 others were injured . NTSB : High speed , worn parts led to deadly Reno Air Races crash The Reno Air Race Association made several changes ahead of this year 's event to improve safety , as recommended by the federal safety board and the association 's own expert panel . For instance , airplanes now must demonstrate their airworthiness at racing speeds before the races . Spectators will be seated farther from the course . The course itself has been "  flattened , " including the tight turn where last year 's accident occurred . Veteran pilot Steve Hinton , who was part of the race association 's expert panel , watched last year 's accident unfold and commended the changes . The pace plane pilot said he and other pilots believe last year 's crash was a fluke and that the plane could have crashed anywhere . "  We 're pushing the envelope , and when you 're pushing for speed , things happen . But when it affects the public that 's a different story . " First-time visitor Perry Paulazzo , a disaster restoration business owner from Santa Fe , New Mexico , agrees . Members of his family have been coming to the Nevada races for years , and he had no hesitation about joining them this year . Even though his cousin saw the accident last year from the grandstands , Paulazzo said , "  I know it was a freak thing . " Paulazzo 's biggest disappointment is that part of the course was moved back per the NTSB 's recommendation . "  The closer the better , " he said but he also understands why the race organizers had to make the changes . The five-day Reno Air Races features six classes of race planes , some acrobatic performances and flights by military demonstration teams . The distance and number of pylons the planes have to circle varies by class , but it is the "  unlimited " contests that draw the most fans . Unlimited race planes are generally modified World War II era fighter planes , some of which can fly at nearly 500 miles per hour . One plane known as Strega -- another modified P-51 like the one Leeward crashed -- ran a qualifying heat of 493 miles per hour . Excitement , speed key to air racing 's appeal -- and risk Stunt pilot Jimmy Leeward built his life around love of flight	NEW : The top air race official reflects on "  devastating blow " caused by 2011 crash He speaks at a ceremony in Reno remembering the pilot and 10 spectators who died A modified World War II era airplane crashed into spectators after a mechanical malfunction Several changes were made to bolster safety at the Nevada airport for this year 's races
Washington  CNN  The men and women of the 114th Congress , despite being bitterly divided and partisan , almost universally share one thing in common : Their faith . Nearly 92 % of Congress -- or 491 of the 535 members -- identifies as Christian , according to a study by Pew Research 's Religion & Public Life Project . That number is slightly up from 90 % in the 113th Congress and continues a trend where the percentage of Christians and Jews in Congress outpaces their national average . Though Christians dominate both parties , Democrats are more religiously diverse than Republicans . Of the 301 Republicans in the 114th Congress , Jewish freshman Rep. Lee Zeldin of New York is the only non-Christian . A large majority of Democrats in Congress  80 %  are Christian , with 44 % Protestant , 35 % Catholic and 1 % Mormon . But unlike Republicans , Democrats in Congress are 12 % Jewish and have two Buddhist , two Muslims , one Hindu and one unaffiliated member . "  You could say that the religious diversity in Congress is concentrated on the Democratic side , " said Alan Cooperman , director of religious research at Pew . "  The vast majority of the Jews , all of the Muslims , Buddhists and Hindus in Congress and the one unaffiliated member are all on the Democratic side . " Congress , the most representative and responsive branch of the federal government , has seen some aspects of their religious affiliation mirror nationwide trends . For example , as the country has grown more religiously diverse over the last 50 years , so has Congress . Only 3 % of the 87th Congress  1961-1962  , according to Pew , was non-Christian . Today , that number has roughly tripled to 6 % . What 's more , there has been a noticeable decline in Protestants that mirrors nationwide trends . In 1961 , 75 % of Congress and roughly 2/two-thirds of the country identified as Protestant . Fifty-seven percent of the 114th Congress is Protestant , while 49 % of the country identifies as such today . One area where nationwide trends have not been reflected in Congress is with the religiously unaffiliated , the most underrepresented in the country . Though 20 % of the country does not identify with a faith , only one member of Congress -- Rep. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona -- publicly identifies as such . Cooperman said the under representation of unaffiliated Americans might be a political decision by members of Congress . "  One of the things we have seen in our surveys is that the American public says one thing they like to see in candidates for office is strong religious beliefs , " said Cooperman , who noted that when Pew asked voters what qualities impact their vote , the most negative attribute was someone who does n't believe in God . "  On the whole , American adults tend to say that they do want strong religious beliefs in candidates and they tend to say that they would be less likely to vote for someone who says they do not believe in God , " he added . "  Candidates are reflecting the views of the public when they do tend to affiliate with a religious group . "	Nearly 92 % of Congress -- or 491 of the 535 members -- identifies as Christian , according to a study by Pew Research Of the 301 Republicans in the 114th Congress , Jewish freshman Rep. Lee Zeldin of New York is the only non-Christian Democrats in Congress are 12 % Jewish and have two Buddhist , two Muslims , one Hindu and one unaffiliated member Though 20 % of the country does not identify with a faith , only one member of Congress publicly identifies as such
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The main aim of President Barack Obama 's getting-to-know-you meetings with Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in California is to build a personal relationship between the men who lead the world 's two most powerful countries . But they have a lot of thorny issues to discuss , not least the shared challenge of what to do about North Korea . The two sides will probably repeat well-worn mantras on their desires to see the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and the need to ensure stability in the region . But Obama should take a step back from the stalemate high politics and raise the case of Guk-hwa Jang . Guk-hwa is a 15-year-old North Korean orphan who was forcibly repatriated from Laos , through China to Pyongyang last month , along with eight of her young friends who were all trying to get to South Korea . These nine young refugees are unique in that we know their identities and because they got all the way to Laos before being caught and sent back . Forced to return home But there are thousands more North Koreans who have risked their lives to leave their country , only to be caught in China and forcibly repatriated . The North Korean government makes it illegal to leave the country without state permission , and refugees we have spoken with tell us that a typical minimum punishment for repatriated citizens is a three-month interrogation which involves beatings and torture . For those suspected of having associated with South Koreans or other foreigners , involvement in religious activities , or attempts to go to South Korea , refugees tell us that the punishment is ramped up to months of forced labor or banishment to a political prison camp . The North Korean government denies human rights violations and has said that the country has "  one of the best systems for promotion and protection of human rights in the world . " Tightening security The problem on the border is getting worse . Since Kim Jong Un came to power , there have been marked increases in border security on both sides of the Sino-North Korea border . People on the ground in the region , as well as refugees that my organization has assisted have reported that over the past 18 months physical border security has been built up on both sides , border guards have been reorganized and incentive structures changed to reduce corruption . Punishments for those caught at the border or sent back from China have been become even more severe . Chinese authorities have actively cooperated with the North Korean government in this effort by implementing security crackdowns on their side of the border that have made it increasingly difficult for activists and defection brokers to assist people fleeing from North Korea . The result is that 2012 saw a 44 % drop in the number of North Korean refugees arriving in South Korea compared to 2011  from 2,700 to 1,500  . The figures so far for this year show a further 20 % drop in arrivals compared to last year , according to data from South Korea 's Ministry of Unification . Chinese leaders bristle when foreigners call them out on human rights issues . They counter that outsiders should not infringe on their sovereignty or meddle in their "  internal affairs . " But the Chinese government 's crackdowns on North Korean refugees is by nature an international issue involving the violation of human rights of citizens of another country -- a clear abrogation of international refugee law that the Chinese government has ratified . Vulnerable people The current heightened crackdown on North Korean refugees should give President Obama the urgency to lead the international community in voicing concern for these vulnerable people , and suggest that the Chinese government 's actions will affect interpretations of what kind of superpower China aims to be , in terms of their emphasis on acting according to international law , humanitarian principles and in the interests of global human progress . For their part , the Chinese authorities should also take a longer-term , strategic view in their implementation of policy on this issue . Beijing repatriates North Korean refugees to serve the dual goals of preserving their political relationship with Pyongyang and preserving "  stability " on both sides of the border . But such clear complicity in the North Korean government 's repression of their people puts the Chinese government on the wrong side of not just international opinion and increasingly even the Chinese people 's attitudes towards North Korea , but also the wrong side of history . Grassroots capitalism North Korea is changing . The gradual breakdown of centralized control , an unstoppable grassroots capitalism , new information flows , an explosion of corruption and even demographic shifts and the rise of a "  market generation " mean that the current system is unsustainable in the long term . North Korean refugees are playing a quiet but vital role in this bottom-up transformation of the country by acting as a bridge back into their homeland . A December 2010 survey of 396 defectors living in South Korea conducted by the Database Center for North Korean Human Rights showed that 50 % maintain contact with their families in North Korea through illicit channels , accelerating flows of information and money back into the country . I personally know defectors who have sent back thousands of dollars even in their first year of resettlement in South Korea , and Professor Lankov at Kookmin University in Seoul estimates that a total of $ 10-15 million flows back in remittances from resettled North Korean refugees every year . This money fuels the grassroots marketization and has the effect of liberalizing and opening up North Korean society from the bottom-up , increasing the pressure for change . Pressure from within The Chinese government has long wanted North Korea to mimic its own process of economic liberalization and opening , in order to be a more reliable economic partner and improve stability in the long term . This can be seen in the subtle and not-so-subtle hints on the need for reform that are dropped every time a top North Korean official visits their country . But Beijing has been trying this charm offensive for over a decade , and they surely now realize that North Korea 's leaders listen to no foreign government and are impervious to such external pressure . The only pressure point that can really change the regime 's calculus is the bottom-up pressure from their own society that no authoritarian government can ignore . If North Korean refugees are able to quietly pass through China without being actively hunted down and sent back -- as they were freer to do under a policy of "  benign neglect " a few years ago -- then they will be able to play this bridge role and increase the pressure for change from within North Korea , which is the only kind of pressure that can effectively force the regime to innovate and adapt their governing system in a sustainable way . On the other hand , if Beijing follows Pyongyang 's will and unstintingly collaborates in the repression of the North Korean people , they will enable the regime to bunker down , deny change and store up bigger problems for the future . Meanwhile Pyongyang will continue to develop its nuclear weapons and missiles and engage in periodic provocations , unsettling the region and worsening China 's strategic environment , as well as their relationship with the United States , South Korea and Japan . Increasing frustration China will also continue to hemorrhage soft power on this issue , increasing distrust with people of other countries in the region . And if and when North Korea finally does open up or reunify with the South , the people of North Korea will not easily forget the Chinese government 's brazen complicity during decades of their government 's repressive policies . This will create a long-term complication in China 's relationship with either a reformed North Korea or a reunified Korean peninsula alike . People the world over will watch and hope that the presidents of China and the United States can develop a productive and healthy relationship in order to more effectively deal with the shared challenges that affect much of humanity . But if frank and tough discussions on both countries ' roles in the world can not happen in this setting , then where can they happen ? The Chinese government is increasingly frustrated with North Korea but has always fundamentally fallen back on preserving the status quo . Obama should urge Xi and others with the power to change China 's direction to reconsider their active cooperation with Pyongyang 's repression of their people , particularly on the issue of forced repatriations of refugees , which only prolongs the denial of an opening which will one day become inevitable . It is not too late for the Chinese government to chart a new path on the right side of history , and be remembered as a force for positive change in North Korea rather than a collaborator in the regime 's repression . Ultimately , that is not just the right thing to do ; it 's also the smart thing to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sokeel Park .	Recent case of 9 North Koreans repatriated from Laos highlights human rights China regularly repatriates North Koreans , who may face torture back in their country China needs to be on the right side of history , writes Sokeel Park
CNN  -- A woman in California delivered what may be the nation 's second live-born set of octuplets on Monday morning , surprising doctors who expected seven babies . The first three to seven days will be critical for the infants , Dr. Mandhir Gupta said . The six boys and two girls -- ranging in weight from 1 pound 8 ounces to 3 pounds 4 ounces -- were generally doing well in incubators following their Caesarean-section delivery at Kaiser Permanente hospital in Bellflower , California , doctors said . Three of the babies need breathing assistance , but otherwise the eight do n't appear to have serious problems , doctors said at a news conference Monday evening . "  It was a truly amazing delivery , " said Dr. Karen Maples , chief of the hospital 's obstetrics and gynecology department . Doctors initially believed the mother -- whom they did not identify -- was pregnant with seven fetuses . The woman was 23 weeks pregnant when she was hospitalized seven weeks ago and ordered to bed rest . Watch doctors explain what happened " Over a seven-week period , a team of 46 physicians , nurses and other staff prepared for the births . When they started the delivery Monday -- more than nine weeks before the babies would be full term -- they were in for a surprise . "  After we got to Baby G , we were surprised by the discovery of a Baby H , " Maples said . Getting the number correct with ultrasounds before delivery is difficult with so many babies , said Dr. Harold Henry , the hospital 's chief of fetal medicine . "  It is quite easy to miss a baby when you 're expecting seven , " Henry said . The hospital said the woman did n't want her personal information released to the news media , and it would not answer questions about whether she 'd had fertility treatments . Preliminary research indicates this is the second set of live-born octuplets in the United States , according to the hospital . Eight babies believed to be the United States ' first set of live octuplets were born in Houston , Texas , in 1998 . One of the infants died days after birth . The seven other siblings recently celebrated their 10th birthday , the Houston Chronicle reported last month . The first three to seven days will be critical for the California babies , said Dr. Mandhir Gupta , one of the doctors at the news conference . The infants could be in incubators for six to eight weeks and in the hospital for 10 weeks , Gupta said . The mother is doing "  very well " after the deliveries , which took about five minutes , Gupta said . "  She is very excited that she -LSB- has -RSB- all these babies and that the babies are looking good so far , " Gupta said .	Babies may be U.S. 's second set of live-born octuplets , California hospital says Doctors expected seven babies , did n't know of eighth until delivery Octuplets delivered by Caesarean section Monday morning Three require breathing assistance ; next seven days will be critical , doctor says
When Lady Gaga speaks of young women being abused in the music industry , she speaks from experience . During an interview with Howard Stern on his radio show Tuesday , the singer recalled being sexually harassed and assaulted when she was coming up in the music industry . Gaga said that most of the men she 's worked with in the studio had been inappropriate at one time or another , barring exceptions like producer RedOne , who worked with Gaga on her debut album "  The Fame , " and singer Tony Bennett , with whom she 's collaborated . "  That 's why that album was successful , because I was able to write some music that was n't made while I had the fear of God in me , pulling my skirt down in a studio because men were shoving their hands up my dress , " Gaga told Stern . It 's "  still bad now . Not just for me . Think about all those young girls that are 16 in New York ,  or  19 , going , ' I met this record producer and he 's going to make me a star , he said he worked with Beyonce . ' ... It 's all a big lie . " When Stern pointedly asked Gaga if she was raped by a record producer , the singer replied that she 's gone through "  some horrific things . " "  I 'm able to laugh now , because I 've gone through a lot of mental and physical therapy to heal over the years , " Gaga said . "  My music 's been wonderful for me . But I was a shell of my former self at one point . I was not myself . To be fair , I was about 19 , so ... I went to Catholic school and all this crazy stuff happened , and I was going , ` Oh , is this just the way adults are ? ' I was very naive . " Lady Gaga spews forth : This is no act Afterward , it took the singer years to acknowledge what happened . "  It did n't affect me as much right after as it did about four or five years later . It hit me so hard . I was so traumatized by it , I was like : ` Just keep going , ' " she said . "  I was n't even willing to admit that anything had even happened . ... I did n't tell anybody . I did n't even tell myself for the longest time . And then I was like , you know what , all this drinking , and all this nonsense , you have to go to the source , otherwise it just wo n't go away . " Gaga 's admission came about after Stern brought up her performance of her song "  Swine " at the South by Southwest festival earlier this year . That performance , which included Gaga being vomited on by artist Millie Brown , was raked over the coals . Some just did n't like it , but others accused Gaga of promoting eating disorders . In actuality , that performance was an attempt to air out some long-held anger and pain , Gaga said . The song "  Swine " "  is about rape , " she said . "  The song is about demoralization . The song is about rage and fury and passion , and I had a lot of pain that I wanted to release . And I said to myself , ' I want to sing this song while I 'm ripping hard on a drumkit , and then I want to get on a mechanical bull -- which is probably one of the most demoralizing things you can put a female on in her underwear -- and I want this chick to throw up on me in front of the world , so that I can tell them , you know what ? You could never , ever degrade me as much as I could degrade myself , and look how beautiful it is when I do . ' "	Lady Gaga spoke about inappropriate behavior by men in the music business She recalled the alleged incident in an interview with Howard Stern She said her SXSW performance of "  Swine " channeled that experience
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's streets were eerily quiet and empty early Friday after a night of anger and anguish following the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Bhutto supporters grieve at the hospital in Rawalpindi where was pronounced dead . Bhutto 's body arrived in the hours before dawn at her ancestral village of Garhi-Khuda Baksh for burial after a long journey from Rawalpindi , where she died , by transport plane , helicopter and ambulance . The former prime minister 's family -- her husband and three children -- accompanied the body aboard a Pakistani Air Force C-130 transport plane to Sukkor but traveled by bus from there to Larkana and on to Garhi-Khuda Baksh . The funeral is planned for Friday afternoon . In Washington , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel said Bhutto 's family had requested a private funeral . Bhutto , 54 , was killed Thursday by the bullets of an assassin who blew himself up after firing the shots , killing at least 28 more people and wounding at least 100 , GEO-TV reported . Bhutto , who was campaigning for next month 's parliamentary elections , had completed an election rally minutes earlier and was leaving the rally site , Rawalpindi 's Liaquat Bagh Park , at the time of the attack . As a shocked Pakistan absorbed the news of Bhutto 's death , authorities called for calm and asked residents to stay inside . Many obliged , shuttering shops or rushing home from work and surrendering the streets to protesters who set fire to banks , shops and gas stations , blocked streets and pelted police with rocks , Pakistani media reported . At least five people were killed in Karachi in the violence , GEO TV reported , and dozens more were wounded . Police in Khairpur fired on an angry mob , killing two people , the station reported , and two more people were killed in Larkana . It 's all mayhem everywhere , " Shehryar Ahmad , an investment banker in Karachi , told CNN by telephone . "  There 's absolutely no order of any kind . No army on the streets . No curfew . " Ahmad said that he saw dozens of burned-out cars as he drove home from work . A one-mile strip leading to Bhutto 's Karachi house was a "  ghost town , " he said . Bhutto 's body was being transported to the family 's ancestral graveyard in Gari-Khuda Baksh in Sindh province , where she will be buried later Friday , said Sen. Safdar Abbasi , a leader of her Pakistan People 's Party . Watch how the tragedy unfolded " The first leg was completed when , according to Pakistani TV stations , a Pakistan Air Force plane landed at Sukkur at about 3:15 a.m. Friday  5:30 p.m. Thursday ET  . Bhutto 's body was accompanied by her husband and three children . Bhutto is expected to be taken the rest of the way to her ancestral home by helicopter . Authorities are avoiding road travel because it could be mobbed by grieving supporters , the television stations reported . Her coffin body was removed from Rawalpindi General Hospital late Thursday -- carried above a crowd of grieving supporters . Watch Bhutto 's casket carried from the hospital " Bhutto spent her final moments giving a stirring address to thousands of supporters at a political rally in a park in Rawalpindi , a city of roughly 1.5 million that is 14 km  9 miles  south of the Pakistani capital , Islamabad . She climbed into a white Land Rover and stood through the sunroof to wave to crowds after the speech . It was then that someone fired two shots , and Bhutto slumped back into the vehicle , said John Moore , a news photographer with Getty Images who saw what happened . Seconds later an explosion rocked the park , sending orange flames into the throng of Bhutto supporters and littering the park with twisted metal and chunks of rubble . The carnage was everywhere , he said . The assassination happened in Liaquat Bagh Park , named for Pakistan 's first prime minister -- Liaquat Ali Khan -- who was assassinated in the same location in 1951 . The attack came just hours after four supporters of former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif died when members of another political party opened fire on them at a rally near the Islamabad airport Thursday , Pakistan police said . Several other members of Sharif 's party were wounded , police said . Bhutto , who led Pakistan from 1988-1990 and 1993-96 , but both times the sitting president dismissed her amid corruption allegations . She was the first female prime minister of any Islamic nation , and was participating in the parliamentary election set for January 8 , hoping for a third term as prime minister . Watch Benazir Bhutto obituary " A terror attack targeting her motorcade in Karachi killed 136 people on the day she returned to Pakistan after eight years of self-imposed exile . Bhutto had been critical of what she believed was a lack of effort by President Pervez Musharraf 's government to protect her . View timeline " Two weeks after the October assassination attempt , she wrote a commentary for CNN.com in which she questioned why Pakistan investigators refused international offers of help in finding the attackers . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Former PM Benazir Bhutto 's body arrives at her ancestral home for burial Body en route to ancestral graveyard accompanied by husband , three children Unrest , rioting reported in Khairpur , Peshawar and Karachi Bhutto died while campaigning to become prime minister for a third time
CNN  -- As McDonald 's opens its first restaurant in Vietnam , take a look at some of the big breakthroughs the fast food chain has made in the past -- from its first outlet in the Soviet Union , through the Kosher Mac and MacMaharaja , to the branch at Guantanamo Bay . Russia It took McDonald 's 14 years of intense negotiations to convince the Communist leaders of the Soviet Union to allow the chain to set up their first restaurant . Yet almost as soon as the Iron Curtain began to fall , the first McDonald 's opened in Moscow 's busy Pushkin Square -- on January 31 , 1990 . The restaurant seated 700 diners and its opening attracted thousands of people , who queued for hours to spend the equivalent of weeks ' salaries on a single burger . The company says the Moscow branch is still the largest McDonald 's in the world . Israel McDonald 's operates around 180 branches in Israel , of which over 50 are kosher , meaning they only serve food that meets strict dietary requirements . Unlike the non-kosher restaurants , these branches stay closed on Saturdays to observe the Shabbat and boast a unique logo with the golden arches sitting on a blue , rather than red background . McDonald 's restaurants around the world cater to local demands by including their own versions of regional specialties on the menu : in Israel , that 's the "  MacKebab . " Guantanamo Bay U.S. Navy base The McDonald 's within the compound at Guantanamo Bay naval base is the only branch of the fast food chain on the island of Cuba . The restaurant is only accessible to the base 's personnel and the chain says it has no plans to open any other branches in Cuba . Bosnia and Herzegovina McDonald 's spent more than four years trying to break into the Bosnian market , but opposition from local shop owners , supported by the government , was fierce . The chain finally opened its first branch in the country in 2011 . McDonald 's Arabia McDonald 's has managed to succeed in many Middle Eastern countries , offering various culturally - and religiously appropriate specialties to its Muslim customers . The company 's first venture into the Arab world was Morocco , where it opened its first branch in Casablanca in 1992 . Most branches respect Ramadan , restricting service in fasting periods during the holy month , and offering special menus at night . Certified halal-quality food is widely available , and the restaurant tries to reflect the local tastes by offering the MacArabia Chicken Sandwich , served in folded Arabic bread . In Saudi Arabia , the chain adheres to local laws by segregating male and female diners -- much to the disapproval of international women 's rights organizations . India The global hamburger chain is a big success in India , where it operates 300 branches . McDonald 's offers special meals to please the palates of local customers ; it does not serve any beef or pork-based burgers , reflecting the religious beliefs of many Indians . Instead , it offers the Chicken MacMaharaja and the McAloo Tikki -- a vegetarian-friendly blend of spicy potatoes and peas . Iraq OK , it 's not really the real deal , but McDonald 's could still claim it as a win -- of sorts ... As on other U.S. military bases around the world , McDonald 's food used to be available within Baghdad 's Green Zone . And while the chain is not planning to expand into the country , a successful knock-off fast food restaurant "  MaDonald 's " in the town of Sulaymaniyah has been popular with locals since it opened there in the 1990s . Read more : Man builds $ 141.33 ` McEverything ' dream sandwich	Vietnam 's first McDonald 's restaurant opened this weekend More than 70 years after it was founded , McDonald 's operates in more than 100 countries But not all of its branches are without controversy : Take a look at some of them
If you care about justice and about the values that our country was founded upon , you will feel sickened by the grand jury 's decision not to indict NYPD Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the choking death of Eric Garner in Staten Island . The facts in this case are not the same as Ferguson -- they 're scarier . In July , Garner , an unarmed father of six children , had just helped break up a fight when police officers arrived and surrounded him . They accused him of selling untaxed cigarettes and tried to arrest him . Garner and the officers soon got into an argument . The officers escalated the situation and moved in on Garner . Garner put his hands up , and then one officer grabbed him from behind in a chokehold , which is banned by the NYPD . Garner went down , and then it 's a pile-on . We know all this because one of Garner 's friends caught the entire incident on a phone . The video footage is very hard to watch . You can see multiple officers on Garner . One officer pressed Garner 's face into the ground . The whole time , the chokehold remained tight . Garner said repeatedly that he "  ca n't breath " before dying soon after . The medical examiner ruled it a homicide by choking . Let me repeat the facts . The police used a banned chokehold , on an unarmed man who said he could n't breath many times , and the medical examiner ruled it a homicide . And it was all caught on video tape . What more do you need ? I 'm not saying the cop is guilty of murder , but should n't he face a jury trial and a full examination of the facts to determine if there was excessive force ? If a chokehold is banned by the NYPD , how is it reasonable force to use one ? They banned it because it could kill someone . Is n't it "  excessive " by definition and by law to end the argument with Garner by killing him with a banned procedure ? For those of you arguing that Garner was "  resisting arrest " -- do you really want to live in a country where you could get choked to death if you question why the police officers are targeting you ? Do you want to live in a country where your car window will be broken and you will be Tasered in front of your kids if you ask calmly for an explanation as to why you need to step out of the car ? Or shot , as you reach into your car for the wallet so you can show the officer your ID ? Would it surprise you to learn that the police reports on Garner 's death failed to mention the chokehold ? It does n't surprise me -- why would the police self-report ? Furthermore , grand juries are not the proper tool to determine whether police have committed crimes in the line of duty . Ironically , grand juries were created by our founding fathers to PROTECT us from overzealous prosecution by the government . But it has become clear that they 've become a tool that has failed to protect citizens from overzealous police . I thought body cameras would help in these types of cases . After the Eric Garner decision , I 'm not so sure . A former police officer said to Erin Burnett on CNN that the lesson in this is that people need to "  comply with the police . " Actually , the real lesson here is that we need a major change . We need an independent body , perhaps run by the Attorney General 's Office , to be in charge of every police shooting investigation . Every time we see a grand jury return no indictment , it 's not only a blow to the victims and their families , it 's a blow to the entire justice system . It 's a blow to the vast majority of amazing police officers that suit up and put their lives on the line every day and follow the rules . It 's a blow to the police departments that have worked so hard to foster a trusting partnership with the communities that they police . It 's a blow to the communities that rely on police to keep them safe . It 's a blow to the justice system , because with every one of these announcements , we lose tremendous faith and confidence in the system that was designed to protect us .	Grand Jury decides not to indict a police officer in the choking death of Eric Garner Mel Robbins : This is outrageous , given what happened to Garner She says if we care about justice , we should reconsider the case Robbins : Grand juries are not the proper tool to decide if police have committed crimes
CNN  -- A South Korean court sentenced a U.S. soldier to 10 years in prison for raping an 18-year-old South Korean girl in September , court officials said Tuesday . The Uijeongbu District Court handed down the sentence Tuesday , about a month after the rape occurred in the area of Dongducheon , where the U.S. Army 's 2nd Infantry Division is based . The private , identified by the U.S. Army as Pfc. Kevin Lee Flippin , will be required to complete 80 hours of education on sexual violence , and his personal record will be available to the public for the next 10 years , according to South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency . Flippin broke into the teenager 's home and raped her numerous times in a "  sadistic " fashion , the court said as part of its ruling statement , according to Yonhap . "  Our sincere apologies go out again to the victim , her family and the Korean community , " the Army 's 2nd Infantry Division said in a statement . "  The Republic of Korea executed jurisdiction , requested custody , tried , convicted and sentenced the soldier for his crime inside the Korean justice system , and he will now serve his sentence in a Korean prison . "  From the beginning we have worked in complete cooperation with the Korean National Police and other agencies . " This case came to light in September , around the same time that another soldier was accused of raping a South Korean girl . U.S. Forces Korea reinstated a curfew on its troops October 7 , days after allegations of the two rape cases involving U.S. soldiers surfaced . "  Given the incidents that have occurred over the last several months , I 'm reinstating the curfew to assess current conditions , " the commander of U.S. Forces Korea Gen. James D. Thurman said early October , as he announced the 30-day curfew . Military officials had rescinded the previous curfew on July 2 , 2010 . That curfew had been in place for nine years .	"  Our sincere apologies go out again to the victim , " the U.S. Army says Pfc. Kevin Flippin broke into the teenager 's home and raped her , court says The U.S. Army reinstated a curfew after the rape allegation surfaced Military officials had rescinded the previous curfew on July 2 , 2010
CNN  -- Less is proving to be more for Christof Innerhofer , who equaled an Italian skiing record by claiming his third World Cup victory this season on Saturday . The 28-year-old 's pre-season preparations were hampered by a back problem , but he is enjoying his best campaign following his downhill win at Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Germany -- where he won a full collection of gold , silver and bronze medals at the 2011 world championships . "  I struggled a lot during the preparation period , " Innerhofer said on the FIS World Cup website after matching the feat of compatriot Kristian Ghedina in the 1996-97 season . "  To think I won three times after not being sure if I would even be here this season is something very special . All I want to keep thinking about is how to keep this momentum and get faster every race . " Innerhofer , who was 14th in the downhill at this month 's world championships , triumphed by just 0.12 seconds from surprise runner-up Georg Streitberger . With Klaus Kroll claiming third , Austria became the first country to pass 500 World Cup podiums in any discipline , men or women . "  It 's a perfect day , " said Streitberger , who was fourth in the world championships on home snow at Schladming , where Austria 's only individual gold came on the final day last Sunday for overall World Cup leader Marcel Hirscher in the slalom . "  My last podium was in Kitzbuhel in 2011 and since then I struggled with an injury , and to come back and finish on the podium is amazing , " he said . "  I was very fast in the first section , than I might have lost the victory in the middle due to some small mistakes but altogether it 's an incredible day . " With world champion Aksel Lund Svindal finishing fifth to remain on top of the downhill standings , Hirscher holds a 169-point lead over the Norwegian going into Sunday 's giant slalom -- where he will take on three-time Schladming gold medalist Ted Ligety of the U.S. Meanwhile , Tina Maze maintained her massive lead in the women 's World Cup standings with fourth place in the downhill at Meribel in France on Saturday . The Slovenian is 858 points clear of Germany 's Maria Hofl-Riesch , who took second place behind Spain 's surprise victor Carolina Ruiz Castillo . Ruiz-Castillo claimed her maiden win , and only her second podium placing -- some 13 years after her first in a giant slalom in Sestriere , Italy . Born in Chile , but a longtime Spain representative at international level , the 31-year-old became the first skier from her country to win a women 's World Cup downhill . "  So far it 's been my best season and I 'm incredibly happy about what happened today " , she said . "  This is the result of a lot of work and the collaboration with the French team . I 've been training as a full member of their team for a year now and it 's paying off . "  Sharing the successes of my French teammates at the world championships was really inspiring . I already knew I could be as fast as them or even faster sometimes in trainings and found the opportunity to show it today . " France 's surprise world champion Marion Rolland was back in 10th , but teammate Marie Marchand-Arvier took the final podium place -- the fifth of her career and her first this season . It was the first World Cup women 's race held at Meribel since 1994 , and only the sixth ever .	Christof Innerhofer becomes second Italian skier to win three races in a World Cup season He bounces back after winning no medals at this month 's world championships in Austria Georg Streitberger 's second place makes Austria first nation to reach 500 World Cup podiums Carolina Ruiz Castillo becomes first Spanish woman to win a World Cup downhill race
CNN  -- "  Downton Abbey " has called it a season , and the concluding chapter had its fair share of the romance , births , deaths and scheming that make the show "  must-see television " every week . That is , for everyone but Maggie Smith , it seems . But for those of us who have been watching since the very beginning , this season was seven episodes of welcoming new characters and mourning the loss of a few fan favorites . Oh , and did we mention Shirley MacLaine ?! Production will soon begin on Season 4 , but until then , here are our top five takeaways from Sunday 's finale . 1 . The end of Matthew Crawley The end EVERYONE saw coming . It was reported months ago that main cast member Dan Stevens would be shutting the door on his time at Downton . It was n't long after that news of a death in the Season 3 ender began circulating . For many , it was just a matter of putting two and two together . But for those who remained unspoiled , the car accident at the end of this episode may have come as quite the shocker . The end had come for heartthrob Matthew Crawley . After this , and the earlier death of Lady Sybil , it appears no life is brought into the world of Downton without the loss of another . Yes , Mary gave birth to her first son -- a child who will never get to know his father . The family dynamic at our favorite Edwardian country home certainly has changed since the start of the Roaring '20s . We now have a widow , widower , two young children and a teen occupying space at Downton . How will the family come to terms with the loss of Matthew ? How will Cousin Isobel deal with the death of her only son ? Will Lady Mary find love again ? One can only hope the next season explores this hardship instead of jumping a year or two ahead . 2 . Romance is in the air Almost everyone at Downton faced love life developments before last night 's credits rolled . Lady Edith appears more interested in following her heart than her mind as she warms up to the advances of her married editor , Gregson . But is Edith willing to risk bringing scandal to Downton as "  the other woman " ? We 'll have to wait for the next season to know for sure . Anna and Bates appear more in love than ever as they share picnics and let their hair down on their Scotland trip with the family . In the presence of the warring MacClares , Robert and Cora drew closer and shared a couple of tender moments . Even Mrs. Patmore and Isobel each found an admirer in this sprawling episode -- or so they thought . It 's not long before both those flames are put out , but it was a pleasant surprise seeing focus spent on the loves of our favorite supporting players . 3 . Tom is still dealing with his upgraded social status Tom did not join the Crawley clan on the Scotland trip , and decided to spend his time with the staff to keep from feeling alone . There was one employee in particular who caught Branson 's attention : new maid Edna . Edna develops an attraction to the widower and proceeds to act on her feelings with a kiss . It does n't take long for Carson and Hughes to catch onto the pair , and they fire the chambermaid before things can go any further . Tom is still reeling from Sybil 's death and is still struggling with his transition from employee to family member . He wants to relate to both sides , but has to accept that he is leading a new life . Will Tom find a new mother for Baby Sybbie ? Perhaps , but neither he nor fans may be prepared for that just yet . 4 . The staff finally get out of the house for a spot of fun It was nice to see the staff get some time off from their employers . It 's not often we see this bunch out of uniform enjoying a little fun outdoors . The trip to the fair provided a chance for the gang to let loose . We also got a nice resolution to the Thomas-Jimmy conflict that plagued episode six . After Jimmy is jumped by a trio of men , it 's Thomas who comes to his rescue ! There may be a heart of gold hidden underneath those layers of lies and schemes that initially made Thomas so villainous . It 's not long before Jimmy thanks Thomas and the two agree to be friends . Strictly platonic , that is . 5 . Cousin Rose is here to stay ! That 's right , much to many fans ' dismay , we have n't seen the last of Rose . In fact , the rebellious teen will be moving in with the Crawley family as her parents travel to India . We suspect it 's only a matter of time before the Dowager Countess grows tired of Rose 's antics and has her killed off , but perhaps that 's mixing confusion with desire . Either way , the latest lady to enter Downton is sure to stir up trouble , and we all know the Abbey ca n't run without a little scandal mixed in .	Popular British drama on PBS has viewers hanging on every arch word Birth and death , love and loss mark season-ender Tom remains caught between two worlds Staff finally get out of the house for a while
CNN  -- U.N. forces withdrew Monday from the Syrian-controlled side of the Golan Heights , the world body confirmed . The U.N. statement cited the "  exceptionally challenging environment " posed by armed rebel groups advancing on peacekeeping positions its observer force has held for close to four decades . The confirmation comes hours after a journalist working for CNN saw dozens of peacekeeping vehicles crossing into territory controlled by Israel . The withdrawal comes a little more than two weeks after Islamic militant fighters took some peacekeepers hostage and besieged others . Al-Nusra Front freed 45 U.N. peacekeepers from Fiji in good condition last week , while forces from the Philippines escaped after exchanging fire with militant fighters , according to media reports . The incidents occurred after Syrian rebel fighters took control of the only border crossing between Israel and Syria in the Syrian town of Quneitra in late August . U.N. forces have been stationed in the Golan Heights since 1974 following negotiations between Israel and Syria to reduce tensions along their shared border after hostilities in 1973 . Israel has occupied a portion of the territory since seizing it during its 1967 war with Egypt , Jordan and Syria . The U.N. Disengagement Observer Force includes 1,250 troops from six countries . In addition to Fiji and the Philippines , India , Nepal , Ireland and the Netherlands have troops assigned to the force . Austrian troops who had been taking part in the forces in 2013 pulled out after fighting in the Syrian-controlled Golan Heights between rebels and Syrian government forces . Golan Heights : Making wine in the shadow of war CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	U.N. peacekeepers withdrawing from Syrian-controlled Golan Heights The withdrawal follows the capture of some peacekeepers by Syrian rebels The peacekeepers were eventually released ; others escaped a militant siege U.N. peacekeepers have been in the region since 1974
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Mozart is trying to win a million dollars for New Orleans recovery efforts . But the charitable effort by the 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel may be derailed by a dog named after the satirical TV anchorman Stephen Colbert . Mozart 's owner says if he wins , all the prize money will go to charities aiding New Orleans . Both canines are contestants in a dog beauty pageant -- but only one pup can take home the big money . The first round is under way , with a hairy finalist selected each week by the number of fan votes . Mozart , or MoMo as friends and family know him , came in second last week in the Cutest Dog Competition with 2,780 votes . This week he is running neck and neck with a new challenger , Stephen Colbert el dos , a Pomeranian Chihuahua mixed-breed puppy from Atlanta , Georgia . MoMo 's owner is crying foul . "  It 's just coming out of nowhere , " Cara McCool said . "  It 's just unfortunate . MoMo is named after a famous person too , but he 's dead . " The Cutest Dog Competition is run by All American Pet Brands . Over 60,000 people have uploaded photos of their adorable dogs to the contest 's Web site . The final 12 pooches will get to compete for the grand prize , a cool million in cash . "  It 's a fraternity or sorority with people who do n't just have pets , these are their family members , their best friends , " said All American Pet Brands CEO Barry Schwartz . "  He 's my furry child , " said McCool , a New Orleans piano teacher who named her dog Mozart after her favorite composer . "  Sometimes I pull up chairs for him to sit next to me when I play or teach . He has been known to jump on the bench and actually has put his paws on the keys . " McCool has been active with several nonprofits working in New Orleans . If Mozart wins she said all the money will got to several charities : Redeemer Presbyterian Disaster Relief , Desire Street Ministries , Louisiana Teachers Save Our Students fund , Cavalier Rescue USA , Musical Arts Society of New Orleans , the Louisiana SPCA , and Teach for America . "  I already support them , but I ca n't afford that much because I 'm a piano teacher , " she said . If Mozart wins , all that could change . Colbert el dos ' owners did not want to be identified . They told CNN they have only mentioned the contest to a few friends and family members . However , they did post a note about the doggie competition on a Colbert fan site . The owners have not heard from the show but one of the fan sites says Colbert el dos will appear on "  The Colbert Report " if he makes the top 12 . Renata Luczak , a spokesperson for Comedy Central , could not confirm or deny the pet 's booking , saying , " ` The Colbert Report ' refrains from commenting on upcoming guests appearing on the show . " Even without a television appearance , Colbert el dos appears to be benefiting from the famous Colbert name bump . Colbert has wreaked havoc in other online competitions -- from a Hungarian bridge-naming contest to a NASA competition to name a room in the International Space Station . In both cases Colbert won the popular vote . However , NASA pushed back and instead of naming the room in his honor , the agency sent a treadmill to space with the Colbert honorific . In both of those contests , the competitions received heavy promotion during the show , with Colbert urging his viewers to participate . However , in this dog photo fight , Colbert is having an impact without any direct participation . Schwartz said the competition recognizes the outside influence of the Colbert bump . "  If there are those Colbert-named dogs that can get those thousands of votes , we do n't want to leave anyone out , so we added a new daily contest . " The voting for this week ends at midnight on Saturday . Schwartz said the grand prize winner will be named on Thanksgiving Day .	"  Stephen Colbert El Dos " is causing some snapping over cute dog contest The dog , named after the satirical TV anchorman , is in Cutest Dog Competition Mozart , a 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel , had been winning Mozart 's owner says Colbert came out of nowhere and "  it 's unfortunate "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano apologized Friday for a department assessment that suggested returning combat veterans could be recruited by right-wing extremist groups . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano says she offered her "  sincere apologies for any offense . " She met with American Legion National Commander David Rehbein at Homeland Security headquarters . "  The secretary started the meeting with an apology to me personally , to the American Legion and to the entire veterans community , " Rehbein told reporters after the meeting . In a statement issued by the department , Napolitano said , "  We connected meaningfully about the important issues that have emerged over recent days , and I offered him my sincere apologies for any offense to our veterans caused by this report . ... I pledge that the department has fixed the internal process that allowed this document to be released before it was ready . " The report was an unclassified assessment sent to law enforcement agencies . It was titled "  Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment . " The mention of combat veterans surfaced on a conservative radio program earlier this month , and it drew the scorn of commentators and conservative members of Congress . Rep. John Carter , R - Texas , called on Napolitano to resign . Rehbein said Friday it is time to move forward . "  In the mind of the American Legion , I think her apology was sufficient , " he said . "  The way the Vietnam veterans were treated once they came home , that 's what drives the sensitivity to this , because those things start small and then grow from there , and we need to make sure anytime something like that happens we need to step on that and make sure it goes away very quickly . "	Homeland Security report says veterans could be recruited by right-wing extremists Homeland Security chief apologizes for "  any offense caused by this report ' Napolitano says document was released before it was ready American Legion commander accepts apology , says it 's time to move on
CNN  -- The oil spill on the Gulf Coast has states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida Officials are advising against getting in the water in Destin , Fort Walton Beach and Okaloosa Island because of the increased presence of tar balls , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors bureau , which represents the three destinations . The beaches remain open . "  Oil in the water is being skimmed and any balls that reach the beach are being removed as quickly as possible , " the bureau 's website said Thursday . iReport : See photos from Okaloosa Island Dime-size to 5-inch tar balls continue to wash up in widely scattered areas of Northwest Florida , but all of the state 's beaches remain open , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . "  There have been no reports of Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill-related oil products reaching the shore beyond the Northwest Florida region , " Visit Florida 's website said . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches There have been no oil effects in Panama City Beach , Florida , and the area 's beaches and waters are open , the Panama City Beach Convention and Visitors Bureau website said . The water at Pensacola Beach is also open for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  On Pensacola Beach there are reports of tar balls and sheen on less than one percent of the entire beach , " the bureau 's website said . Due to heavier oiling on Perdido Key , a health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the Pensacola Bay Area visitors bureau said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore beaches , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . In Florida , Fort Pickens and Perdido Key had increased oiling earlier in the week . Tar balls and light oiling have affected Petit Bois and Horn islands this week in Mississippi . "  Surveillance for oiling continues throughout all park areas on a daily basis . Clean-up operations continue throughout the park , " the website said . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama , have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . The beaches remain open for sunbathing and walking , but both cities are flying double red flags at public beaches , meaning the waters are closed for swimming or wading . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . The city of Gulf Shores has suspended beach parking fees "  as a way to thank visitors for traveling to the coast , " the website said . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website , although most of the coast is unaffected . "  The primary affected area is from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east . Over 75 percent of Louisiana 's coastal waters extend westward from the mouth of the Mississippi River , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	All of Florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots Panama City and Pensacola Swimming , fishing not advised in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Oil affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , but most of its coast is unaffected
Hong Kong  CNN  -- At least 36 people have died after two passenger boats collided off Hong Kong 's Lamma Island on Monday evening , throwing more than 100 people into the sea . The crash happened on a night when Hong Kong 's busy waters were even more crowded than usual , as the city celebrated China 's National Day . One of the vessels , owned by The Hong Kong Electric Company , was carrying company employees and their families to watch the scheduled fireworks display when it was struck by a passenger ferry traveling from Hong Kong Island to Lamma . Government officials said the collision occurred off Lamma 's coast at around 8:20 p.m. local time . "  I thought we 'd hit a rock or a lighthouse , " said Chris Head , a school teacher who was on the passenger ferry that crashed into the Hong Kong Electric vessel . He said the force of the impact threw him out of his seat at the back of the ferry , which was not very full of people . As the damaged ferry began to move toward the pier in the small town of Yung Shue Wan on Lamma , Head said he could see the other boat had started to sink into the water vertically , like the Titanic . According to the Hong Kong Fire Services Department  FSD  , which led the rescue , the vessel sank quickly after the impact . It said low visibility and many obstacles on board made it difficult for rescuers . The FSD said its rescue boats , including a diving support vessel , arrived on the scene at 8:41 p.m. local time and managed to pull 123 people from the water . Twenty-eight people were declared dead at the scene , and eight others were certified dead upon arrival at the hospital , according to a statement early Tuesday from the Hong Kong government . The survivors were taken to five hospitals around the city , with nine said to have serious injuries , the government statement added . "  After 10 minutes out a boat crashed into ours from the side at very high speed , " one male survivor told the South China Morning Post . "  The rear of the ferry started to sink . I suddenly found myself deep under the sea . I swam hard and tried to grab a life buoy . I do n't know where my two kids are . " Residents on Lamma reported being woken up in the middle of the night by the massive rescue operation going on offshore . On Tuesday , the front of the stricken vessel was still sticking out of the water , tethered to a big barge just a few hundred meters from Lamma . Police vessels surrounded the scene , and divers were conducting a search . The authorities have not ruled out the possibility that some people may still be inside the vessel or missing . The passenger ferry was able to dock safely . Government officials have not yet confirmed if passengers aboard that vessel were injured , but Head said nobody around him appeared to have been hurt . The narrow sea lanes leading into Hong Kong 's main deepwater harbor are some of the busiest in Asia , with giant commercial freighters , ocean liners , passenger ferries and private boats of all sizes sharing the same waters . Hong Kong is home to more than 200 outlying Islands , including Lamma , which lies to the southwest of Hong Kong Island -- the city 's financial center . Hong Kong Island is located to the south of Victoria harbor , with Kowloon forming its northern shores . To the north of Kowloon lie the New Territories , which stretch all the way to mainland China . Were you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . CNN 's Judy Kwon , Jethro Mullen , Pamela Boykoff and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	NEW : Impact was like hitting a rock or a lighthouse , a passenger says NEW : Rescue workers continue to search for survivors near the stricken vessel Death toll from the accident near Lamma Island rises to 36 , Hong Kong authorities say Passengers thrown into water ; more than 100 people have been rescued so far
Los Angeles  CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update 9:22 a.m. ET -RSB- "  Django Unchained " actress Daniele Watts said on CNN Monday that she refused to give a Los Angeles Police Officer her identification when he asked for it because , "  I believe in America and what it stands for . " Police said they were responding to calls from witnesses who said Watts and her boyfriend were involved in a "  sexual act " in a public place in their car . Legal experts say the officer did have the right to request identification if he suspected illegal behavior . -LSB- Story previously published Sunday 4:33 p.m. ET -RSB- "  Django Unchained " actress Daniele Watts says Los Angeles police allegedly detained her because they thought she was a prostitute . Watts , who is African-American , and her white boyfriend accuse police of racism for questioning them after they were seen showing affection in public . An LAPD spokesman told CNN Sunday that officers from its North Hollywood precinct were responding to a citizen complaint . "  There was an indication on the radio call that a male white and female black were involved in a sexual act inside a Mercedes with the vehicle door open , " Officer Sally Madera said . Her boyfriend -- Brian James Lucas but better known as celebrity chef Cheffy Be * Live -- wrote in a Facebook post that police "  saw a tatted RAWKer white boy and a hot bootie shorted black girl and thought we were a HO  prostitute  & a TRICK  client  . " "  Two people were briefly detained , but it was revealed no crime had been committed , " Medera said . The man was not handcuffed , but the woman was , according to the couple . The alleged racial-profiling incident happened on a sidewalk near the gate of the CBS Studio Center in Studio City on Thursday . The neighborhood is an upscale area and is home to many celebrities , including George Clooney , Miley Cyrus and Steve Martin . The couple posted a short video clip and several photos showing Watts in handcuffs talking to police . One image shows a cut on her wrist , which she said was caused by the tight handcuffs . Watts , who acts in the FX show "  Partners , " said the officers "  accosted me and forced me into handcuffs " after she refused "  to agree that I had done something wrong by showing affection , fully clothed , in a public place . " Lucas said when an officer asked for their identifications , he showed his that but Watts refused "  to give it because they had no right to do so . " "  So they handcuffed her and threw her roughly into the back of the cop car until they could figure out who she was , " he wrote . "  In the process of handcuffing her , they cut her wrist , which was truly NOT COOL !!! " She was released "  quite quickly when they realized we were right outside CBS and that she was a celebrity and I was a celeb chef , " Lucas wrote . "  Before they figured out who she was they were threatening calling an ambulance and drugging her for being psychologically unstable , SO NOT COOL WHATSOEVER ! " Watts and Lucas said they initially decided to forget about the incident , but then they decided they needed to speak up . "  We still forgive , love and bless them ... just not putting up with this for our own freedom and heart space , " Lucas wrote . The couple has contacted lawyers , the ACLU and the NAACP , he said . "  Our publicist has us in contact with media about it , too , and we 're supposed to hear back . " Watts , a native of Atlanta , made her feature film debut in 2012 as Coco in the Oscar-nominated "  Django Unchained . " Her biggest television role is on "  Partners , " in which she plays Martin Lawrence 's daughter . Hollywood couple stopped by police , say they were racially profiled	LAPD responded to a call that "  a male white and female black were involved in a sexual act " "  Two people were briefly detained , but it was revealed no crime had been committed , " LAPD says Daniele Watts is African-American and her boyfriend is white Watts says LAPD officers handcuffed her , but not her boyfriend , Cheffy Be * Live
Rome  CNN  -- Scandal is threatening to eclipse the poignancy and pageantry of Benedict XVI 's historic final days as pope . Vatican officials were already trying Monday to swat down unsavory claims by Italian publications of a brewing episode involving gay priests , male prostitutes and blackmail when news broke that Benedict had moved up the resignation of a Scottish archbishop linked over the weekend by a British newspaper to inappropriate relationships with priests . Benedict announced two weeks ago that he will step down as pope Thursday , becoming the first pontiff to leave the job alive in 598 years . Interactive : Where does the pope live ? At 85 , he said he was too old , frail and tired to continue on as spiritual leader of the Roman Catholic Church and its 1.2 billion followers worldwide . It was a stunningly unexpected announcement that left church scholars poring over Catholic law to answer such basic questions as when the pope 's successor would be chosen and even what he would be called in retirement . But the scandals -- along with lingering questions about how the church has handled claims of abuse by Catholic priests around the world -- have dimmed the spotlight on Benedict 's final days as pope . "  Clearly , prior to these scandals erupting , the cardinals had a long checklist of things they were looking for in terms of the new pope , " CNN senior Vatican analyst John Allen said Monday , including finding someone to help spread the message of the church and inspire faith amid flagging practice of the Catholic faith in many parts of the world . "  But in the wake of everything that 's happened in the last 72 hours or so , quite clearly a new item is on that list , which is they also want to make sure they pick somebody who 's got clean hands , " Allen said . Vatican reveals Pope Benedict 's new title Archbishop 's resignation The Vatican confirmed Monday that Benedict had accelerated the resignation of Cardinal Keith O'Brien , the archbishop of Scotland . O'Brien told the pope in November that he would resign effective with his 75th birthday , on March 17 . But Benedict decided to make the resignation effective immediately in light of the pope 's imminent resignation , the Scottish Catholic Media Office said . The announcement comes a day after a Sunday report by the British newspaper The Observer that three priests and one former priest leveled allegations against O'Brien that date back 30 years . The Observer did not recount details of the claims or identify any of O'Brien 's accusers , but said one of the priests alleged "  that the cardinal developed an inappropriate relationship with him . " O'Brien did not attend Mass at St. Mary 's Cathedral in Edinburgh on Sunday , but the Scottish Catholic Media Office told CNN that the cardinal "  contests these claims and is taking legal advice . " His accusers took their complaints to the Vatican representative in Britain and demanded O'Brien 's resignation , The Observer reported . At the Vatican , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a spokesman for the church , told reporters that Benedict has been informed of the allegations . As late as last week , O'Brien appeared to be making plans to take part in the conclave , when the College of Cardinals gathers in Rome to pick a successor to Benedict . But in a statement in which he thanked God for the good he was able to do and apologized to "  all whom I have offended , " O'Brien said Monday that he would not be part of that gathering . "  I do not wish media attention in Rome to be focused on me -- but rather on Pope Benedict XVI and on his successor , " O'Brien said . Opinion : ` Gay lobby ' behind pope 's resignation ? Not likely Cardinal controversy While O'Brien will no longer be involved in electing the new pope , another controversial cardinal 's plan to attend is further taking focus from Benedict 's final days in office . Cardinal Roger Mahony of Los Angeles is facing fresh attention for his role in the cover-up of sexual abuse by priests . Documents recently released as part of the 2007 settlement in a previous abuse case detail what Terry McKiernan , founder of the watchdog group BishopAccountability.org says is "  stark " evidence of efforts by Mahoney and others to sidestep authorities investigating sexual abuse . He recently gave a deposition in a 2010 civil lawsuit filed in the United States by a Mexican citizen suing the Los Angeles archdiocese . The man alleges Mahony and a Mexican cardinal conspired to allow a priest accused of abuse to flee to Mexico , putting an untold number of children at risk . Mahony has denied the allegations . Two groups seeking to stop Mahony 's participation in the election said Saturday they have collected nearly 10,000 signatures on a petition against his involvement . "  His participation in the conclave would only bring clouds of shame at a time that should bring springs of hope , " said Chris Pumpelly , the communications director for one of the groups , Catholics United . Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests also worked on the campaign . Church law requires that Mahony attend , the Archdiocese of Los Angeles said . Father Albert Cutie , an Espiscopal priest who studies the Vatican , said it would be impossible to exclude every cardinal with a hand in the church 's vast sex-abuse problem . "  Unfortunately , if you were going to tell me no one can go to the conclave who has part in any type of cover up , you would probably exclude every cardinal in the church , because unfortunately that 's the way the church is operated , " he said . Blackmail allegations As if the controversies over O'Brien and Mahony were not enough , two Italian publications reported over the weekend that Benedict had decided to resign not because of age , but because of a brewing scandal over the blackmail of gay priests by male prostitutes in Rome . Benedict received a 300-page report in December detailing the possible blackmail , la Repubblica newspaper and the Panorama news weekly reported , citing an unidentified senior Vatican official and dozens of unnamed sources . The Vatican emphatically denied the allegations this weekend , with Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone criticizing a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " as the cardinals prepare for their conclave . Cardinal Velasio de Paulis , one of the men who will help elect Benedict 's successor , called the claims "  guesswork and imagination . " "  There is no proof and these allegations only serve to create a climate of division that helps no one , " he said . While no one outside the Vatican has seen the document that purportedly details the claims and Vatican officials have not confirmed it exists , Allen said such a claim is not improbable . "  To me that passes the smell test , " he said . Retirement preparations Amid the scandal , the Vatican still has a transfer of power to manage . On Monday , Lombardi said it remains unclear when the gathering of church leaders who will elect the next pope will begin . While Benedict issued an order Monday to allow the election to begin sooner than the 15 days after the seat becomes vacant mandated by church rules , the date for the election will be set by the cardinals when they first gather , Monsignor Pier Luigi Celata said Monday at a Vatican press briefing . It still must happen within 20 days of his resignation , the pope said . After his retirement , Benedict is expected to head to the pope 's summer residence in Rome before eventually settling in a monastery in Vatican City . Church officials have said he will seek no influence over the election of his successor , or over management of the church . Among other issues , Vatican officials are still trying to work out what Benedict will be called in retirement . One suggestion is "  pontifex maximus , " Celata said . The term can be translated as "  supreme bishop . " Vatican officials hope to have an answer next week , Lombardi said . Ben Wedeman reported from Rome ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Wayne Drash , Hada Messia and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report	NEW : Vatican awash in scandal amid preparations for Pope Benedict XVI 's retirement On Sunday , a British newspaper reported four men accused O'Brien of abuse Italian publications report allegations of priest blackmail by male prostitutes Benedict retires Thursday , the first pope to resign in nearly 600 years
London  CNN  -- During the 1970s , Formula One really was car crash telly . Drivers were routinely maimed or killed as safety took a back seat . The wacky races run during that era provided the sport with some of its most celebrated and reviled moments which are now the subject of two feature-length films released this autumn . ` Rush ' Directed by Oscar-winning director Ron Howard , "  Rush " tells the true story of the battle between James Hunt and Austria 's Niki Lauda for the 1976 F1 World Championship . The pair were polar opposites . Hunt , played by Australian actor Chris Hemsworth , was a swashbuckling , hedonistic Brit . Lauda  Daniel Bruhl  , on the other hand , was a deeply fastidious character known as "  The Computer . " A glorious battle of egos ensues amid a season marked by arguments over car and fuel regulations off the track and near-tragedy on it when Lauda spectacularly crashes out of the German Grand Prix at the Nurburgring . Trapped inside the burning wreck of his Ferrari , Lauda is eventually pulled free by fellow drivers but not before enduring terrible burns to his face and lung damage . Not only does Lauda beat the odds -- at one point a priest is called to administer the last rites -- he also defies all logic , returning to race 43 days later at Monza where he finishes fourth in the Italian Grand Prix . "  I was happy to stay alive . Normally you get killed in this kind of accident , " Lauda told CNN at the world premiere in London earlier this month . "  It was clear that the challenge now was to say : Can you ever come back , and how much time does it take ? This was really my challenge . It was not Hunt at the time . So I fought my way back five weeks later in Monza . " Lauda 's miraculous return makes for a thrilling climax to the season which , naturally , ends on a controversial note at a rain-lashed Fuji Speedway in Japan . "  Both of these guys were so truthful and so competitive and there 's not a hypocritical bone in either of their bodies , " director , Ron Howard told CNN . "  They just did things their way . They would have scars of some of those decisions , but they also got to own their own triumphs and you have to admire that . To me , that 's the nobility of the story . " "  Rush " goes on release in the U.S. on September 20 . ' 1 ' Serious injuries and fatalities are thankfully rare in F1 these days , but it was n't so long ago that the sport would consider itself very lucky to get through a season without someone being killed . "  1 , " a new 90-minute documentary narrated by Michael Fassbender , tells the story of the fight to improve safety told by the men who survived the sport 's most deadly era . "  The racetracks had n't changed , the medical facilities had n't changed and suddenly the cars were going almost twice as fast , " explains three-time world champion Jackie Stewart during the film . Director Paul Crowder , vividly recalls his teenage self watching F1 during the 1970s in an almost permanent state of disbelief . "  The thing I always remember about it was thinking : another one has died . It 's crazy . I could n't quite fathom  it  . It happened so consistently . " Crowder speaks to the survivors -- Stewart , Jody Scheckter , Emerson Fittipaldi and others -- who share stories of camaraderie and their battles with the sport 's governing body , the FIA , to take safety more seriously . "  All the drivers were trying , but the biggest key was the FIA . Basically their attitude was : ` If you think it 's dangerous , slow down , ' " Crowder says . "  I think they thought we were gladiators , " Stewart says . "  They were blind to the reality . They did n't know those drivers . They did n't know the driver 's wives , fathers and mothers . " Improvements eventually came , but it was n't until the death of Ayrton Senna at Imola in 1994 that safety regulations started to be transformed , says Crowder . "  That was the point at which they had the technology and the will , and they had Max Mosley running the FIA . " Today , whatever the sport may have lost in terms of raw excitement , it has gained the total acceptance that the preservation of human life comes first . "  Whatever is happening to a car , there should be no reason to die in a car , " seven-time Michael Schumacher tells Crowder . "  1 " will be shown at the London Film Festival in October and is available for download on iTunes in the U.S. from October 1 . Customers who watch "  Rush " and "  1 " may also like ... ` Senna ' This moving portrait of the late Brazilian resonated with both critics and moviegoers becoming an instant classic when it was released in 2010 . Directed by Asif Kapadia , "  Senna " tells the story of Brazil 's three-time world champion from his karting days in the late 1970s to his tragic death , aged 34 , at Imola in May 1994 . Senna was compassionate and charismatic off the track and fearless , sometimes reckless , on it . The combination made him a global superstar that transcended the sport . Rare archive footage and interviews with a string of ex-drivers , officials and journalists combine to create a searing portrait of arguably the greatest driver to ever race an F1 car . ` Grand Prix ' The 1966 Oscar-winning tale of a fictional motor racing season remains a classic of the motorsport genre . American actor James Garner heads an international cast which includes British world champion Graham Hill and cameos by many of his famous racing contemporaries . Beautifully directed by John Frankenheimer , "  Grand Prix " includes some memorable racing scenes from Monaco , Brand 's Hatch , Spa-Francorchamps and some terrifying footage around the high-speed oval at Monza .	Formula One in the cinema spotlight with release of two feature-length films "  Rush " dramatizes battle between James Hunt and Niki Lauda for 1976 F1 title New documentary "  1 " tells the story of how F1 transformed appalling safety record Formula One drivers were routinely killed at races during the 1960s & 1970s
