CNN  -- You insisted the first Jeff Gordon wild-driving viral video was a fake . What do you think of the second one , Travis Okulski ? Oh , this one is "  unequivocally , one hundred percent , totally , absolutely real , " he says . How would he know ? Because he 's in it , the victim of a prank and Gordon 's revenge . A year ago , Okulski called out Gordon on the Jalopnik auto blog after the millions of views for a video in which Gordon dons a disguise and takes a supposedly unsuspecting car salesman for a high-speed test drive . It 's one of those commercials masking itself as a video that begs the question : Is it fake ? Okulski led the "  it 's obviously staged " camp . So Pepsi and Gordon decided to exact revenge . They tempted him into coming to North Carolina by promising an exclusive test drive in a highly anticipated new Corvette . Then they dressed Gordon up in a new disguise with a neck tattoo , sideburns , mullet covered by a camouflage hat and sent him over in a fake cab  with real markings  to pick Okulski up at the hotel . Gordon 's cover story was that he 's just out of prison after 10 years , so when a highway patrol officer pulls them over , the "  cab driver " decides he can not go back to the joint . And , despite the protests of Okulski , the chase is on . As the car tears through an industrial complex , Okulski screams in the back seat and begs the driver to stop . "  I 'm gon na lose this guy , " Gordon says as he winds and slides over asphalt . "  This never works . This never works ! " Okulski replies . Finally the car skids into the open door of a warehouse where the folks from Pepsi await . As of Thursday evening , the video , "  Test Drive 2 , " had 1,000,000 views in just a few hours . Test Drive , meanwhile , now has almost 41 million views . Okluski wrote on a blog post on how he fell for the cab gag . "  I thought I was going to die , " he wrote . "  I yelled , I banged the glass , I actually tried to kick through the Plexiglas window between the driver and me . I pulled out my phone to call 911 but could n't keep it steady enough to dial . " He insists this video was definitely real . But is it ? Is the video that proves the fake video is n't a fake actually a fake , too ? The conspiracy theories have already begun . Keep your eye on the car , the naysayers say . Something changes on the car . And it looks like someone has driven the course before . Multiple takes , they wonder ? That 's aside from the questions about how did he get fooled , not figure out the cab was fake , not see the cameras , not realize it was Jeff Gordon . "  Looking back on it now , I 'm not sure how I did n't guess beforehand , but it boils down to the fact that I had no reason to believe anything was off , " he said . Or was it ? What do you think ?	Auto blogger Travis Okulski made Jeff Gordon mad when he said a popular video was fake Gordon decided to take the blogger on a wild ride of his own Okulski swears his panicked screams are real , that he thought he might die A few conspiracists do n't buy it ; they think there are clues that this one is fake , too
CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's ruling party paid the price for a weak economy in midterm elections as the opposition Revolutionary Institutional Party rolled to victories in the lower legislative house as well as state and local posts . Mexican President Felipe Calderon was n't on Sunday 's ballot and has three years left in his six-year term . With more than 99 percent of the votes counted , the PRI had 36.7 percent to 28 percent for Calderon 's National Action Party  PAN  , the state-run Notimex news agency reported Monday . The leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution  PRD  , which nearly won the 2006 presidential election , came in a distant third with 12.2 percent of the vote . In response to the defeat , PAN president German Martinez resigned from the top party post Monday . On the ballot were seats for 500 federal legislators , six governors and about 500 mayors and local legislators in 11 states . Though Calderon has three years left in his six-year term and was not on the ballot , analysts said Monday he was held responsible for Mexico 's problems amid the global economic downturn . "  He got a beating because of the economy , " said Ana Maria Salazar , a television and radio political commentator in Mexico City . "  The government in power pays for it , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue . Besides the economy , Calderon has had to face the consequences of a drug war he launched that has left more than 10,000 people dead since he came to office in December 2006 . He also had to deal with the H1N1 flu pandemic that first became known in Mexico this year . The PAN has the most seats in the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies , the lower house of Mexico 's Congress , but it does not have a majority in either . The party lost its lead in the lower house , as the PRI will hold more seats when the new delegates are seated in December . No seats were at stake in the Senate , which elects its members every six years . Calderon acknowledged the setback in a late-night address to the nation Sunday . "  The federal government recognizes the new composition of the Chamber of Deputies since it is a sovereign decision of the citizens . I congratulate who they have chosen , " Calderon said , adding he will work with the new representatives . He will have no choice but to work with the resurgent PRI , analysts said . But since the PAN did not have control of either house of Congress , Calderon has been compromising and making deals with the PRI and other parties since coming to power . "  I do n't think the job is much more difficult than it was at the outset , " Hakim said . "  It 's all a matter of degrees . Yeah , it will make it a little more difficult . But he has had to work through negotiation anyway . " Still , analysts said , the PRI now wields considerable more power . "  They 're in a position to run Congress , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute . By forming temporary coalitions with the Green Party and other minor parties , the PRI can block presidential vetoes , Salazar said . "  They pretty much have control over the purse , " she said . Much more is at stake for the PRI though . After having held the presidency from 1929 to 2000 and then losing it to the PAN in the last two elections , the party is looking for a path back to power . Sunday 's results were particularly significant because the PRI finished third in the 2006 presidential election . "  The presidential campaign has started as of today , Monday , " Salazar said . Also significant was the PRD 's apparent collapse as a major party , considering it came within 1 percent of winning the presidency in 2006 . That race was so close that the results were not verified until a controversial decision two months later . Losing candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador refused to accept the results and announced himself the winner . Fistfights broke out in the Chamber of Deputies . The PRI drew away votes from the PRD in Sunday 's election , Hakim said , noting that may help Calderon because the PRD is Calderon 's main foe in Congress . Working with a larger PRI may be easier . But Selee said Calderon is on a deadline , until the 2012 presidential race really heats up . "  His window of opportunity is for the next year and half , " Selee said . "  The PRI wants to show that they can lead , that they 're a party of ideas . " No one knows if the PRI is up to the task . "  The big question is whether the PRI will look forward only to the presidential elections , " Hakim said . "  The PRI has to show that they 're responsible and capable of governing again . " To do so , the PRI has to make sure that internal fighting over who will run as the presidential candidate in three years does not paralyze the party . "  Do n't underestimate the ability of the PRI to cannibalize itself , " Salazar said . PRI leader Beatriz Paredes has emerged as a major power broker . As head of the party and newly elected member of the Chamber of Deputies , she will lead the PRI 's legislative efforts . That 's good for Calderon , Salazar said , because it will be "  much easier to negotiate with her than with other factions of the PRI . " But if the PAN and PRI ca n't agree , Selee said , "  there will be a breakdown of consensus politics . " Mexico 's leaders -- regardless of party affiliation -- also have to battle apparent disenchantment among everyday Mexicans . Voter participation Sunday was about 30 percent , officials said , but more 5 percent of those were people who "  annulled " their ballots . They turned in a ballot but did not vote for anyone or defaced the ballot . Their intent was to show that they cared enough to vote , just not for anyone on the ballot . "  It 's a repudiation of what is going on in Mexico in general , " Salazar said . Selee sees "  a general skepticism , " saying , "  Mexicans have tired of where things are going . "	NEW : German Martinez , president of PAN political party , resigns in aftermath Felipe Calderon 's party loses lead in Mexico 's lower house Mexican president held responsible for economic downturn , analysts say PRI has 36.8 percent of vote to 27.9 percent for Calderon 's PAN , news agency says
CNN  -- As a group of martial art students are put through their paces in downtown Ho Chi Minh City , grandmaster Nguyen Van Chieu sits at the side of the room wearing a quiet look of contentment . The 65-year-old has devoted his adult life to spreading the word about Vovinam , a form of martial arts originating in Vietnam . The youngsters have put on an impressive show for the cameras , running through Vovinam 's frequently spectacular repertoire which includes scissor kicks and choreographed sword fights . That the martial art has such a loyal following in Vietnam is in large part down to the efforts of Van Chieu , who has spent more than four decades fostering its development . At his age , Van Chieu could be forgiven for wanting to put his feet up , but there is always more work to be done , he says . "  My dream is to open an academy , a big school , so people from other countries can come to Vietnam to research and learn Vovinam , " Van Chieu told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  Vovinam is suitable for all people ... especially it is suitable for training programs for the armed forces and as self-defense for women , " he says . Founded in Hanoi by grandmaster Nguyen Loc in 1938 , Vovinam fuses elements of traditional Vietnamese martial arts and other martial arts from around the world . It combines both hard and soft elements , says Van Chieu , referring to the contrasting methods deployed in martial arts to repel an attack . A "  hard " approach would see a defender meet oncoming force with force while a "  soft " approach uses an opponent 's forward momentum as a catalyst to disarm or destabilize . "  With its wide variety of techniques , Vovinam is the complete martial art , " says Nguyen Hung , vice-president of The Federation Vovinam-VietVoDao France . "  For example , Judo uses principally  throwing  techniques , Taekwondo uses kicks and in karate ,  there is  no manipulation of traditional weapons . " Vovinam melds all these separate disciplines , employing kicks , punches , throws , self-defense , wrestling and traditional weapons together with a signature leg-grappling technique . This latter move can be quite literally breathtaking to behold and involves a spectacular flying scissor-kick  called a Don Chan  that disables an opponent by seizing the leg , body or even the neck . There are also impressive demonstrations of self-defense with weapons , as the students from Ho Chi Minh City display with gusto . Firstly , a man brandishes a halberd  a six-foot pole with a wide , glinting blade at its tip  before whirling it around like a majorette might twirl a baton . Moments later , two girls carrying swords demonstrate the art of self-defense -- it 's like they are rehearsing a stunt sequence for the next martial arts blockbuster . But in Vovinam , the physical is married to mental restraint and composure . "  You must have a strong mind , a strong will to work in any circumstances . The richness of Vovinam also resides in the equilibrium of technical and philosophical practice , " says Nguyen Hung . Above all , Vovinam is a philosophical martial art which aims to make better citizens for society rather than train fighters , he says . Nguyen Van Chieu has been practicing since he was 16 and started teaching in earnest in the early 1970s becoming director of a training center in the south central province of Binh Dinh . In 1978 , he was the first person to reinstate Vovinam in Ho Chi Minh City  formerly Saigon  following the end of the Vietnam War in 1975 . After helping oversee the sports resurgence in his homeland during the 1980s , he turned his attentions to developing the sport abroad , organizing demonstration events in more than 20 countries , starting with Belarus in 1990 . Today , the World Vovinam Federation estimates that the martial art has one million participants in Vietnam with a further 500,000 active in 52 countries around the world on five continents . In France alone , Nguyen Hung reckons there are around 10,000 practitioners and earlier this year the French capital , Paris hosted the fourth Vovinam World Cup . "  Vovinam was originally Vietnamese and now today has become a martial art for everyone , " says Nguyen Hung . In 2009 , it was accepted onto the program of the Asian Indoor Games before making its debut at the Southeast Asian Games two years later . Back in Ho Chi Minh City , Nguyen Van Chieu can reflect on a life 's work with a degree of satisfaction and pride . "  I 've led this martial art life , generally I am not rich . Compared to people who do other jobs , I can be poorer , " he says . "  I follow this path because of my passion and the spirit of the sport and because I have learned it so I have to repay the debt to my teachers . It 's my destiny . " Despite his advancing years , he 's still flexible enough to run through a few routines that would leave most sexagenarian 's rigid with fear . "  There are many benefits to Vovinam , it gives me physical strength and energy to work . When I practice , I feel healthy and it helps me stay away from the drinking ! " Read more : Ocean is my office Read more : Tearful toddler to table tennis queen	Vietnamese martial arts grandmaster has helped Vovinam become a global sport Vovinam combines traditional Vietnamese martial arts and others from around the world Signature move is a spectacular flying scissor kick ; weapons also used for self-defense Vovinam participants need to master both physical and mental side of martial art
CNN  -- It 's an odd pairing , really , the gadget-obsessed tech giant from Silicon Valley teaming up with hip-hop super producer Dr. Dre and music mogul Jimmy Iovine . But late Thursday , reports surfaced that a $ 3.2 billion deal was in the works for Apple to scoop up Beats Electronics , the world 's most popular maker of headphones and , more recently , the company behind a highly regarded music-streaming service . Neither side has confirmed the deal , though Dre came dangerously close in a new video in which he declared himself "  the first billionaire in hip-hop . " For fans of Apple , Beats , or both , the main question here is obvious : If the reports are true , what will it mean for me , the consumer ? Here are some educated guesses . Deal ... or no deal ? First of all , analyst James McQuivey , who follows Apple and other tech companies for Forrester Research , is n't convinced that the deal will really go down . "  Given Apple 's historical tight-fistedness with the contents of its huge treasure chest , it would n't be surprising if the company backed away , " he said in a blog post . But if it does happen , he speculates that it wo n't be simply about bringing the successful Beats under the Apple umbrella . Instead , Apple fans may get some new product no one is envisioning yet . "  I 'd like to believe that  Apple  would team up with Beats to do something totally amazing and world-changing , " he said . "  Because we need some world changing much more than we need Apple to return its hard-earned cash to investors in the form of more dividends . "  So even if Apple does n't buy Beats after all , the fact that the company is shopping encourages some of us to anticipate what it could spend its hard-earned money on next . " Among projects McQuivey envisions are Beats being part of an Apple-created health-and-fitness monitor  considered likely after Nike essentially punted the future of its FuelBand  or providing the audio on a headset to compete with Google Glass . ` Smart ' headphones For audiophiles , the marriage would , in some ways , be an ironic one . Apple , whose iconic earbuds have been knocked for delivering subpar sound , could be joined by Beats headphones , which have received similar criticisms . "  It is a fair assessment , and I lay the blame squarely on executive management , " said Tyll Hertsens , editor at audio website Inner Fidelity , referring to Beats . "  Their headphones had just way too much bass , as a general rule , and some models were particularly poor performers -- Solo and Solo HD . Build quality has gotten much better though ; they 're fairly well built headphones . " How Beats headphones changed the audio world Apple has worked to address quality issues with its earbuds , which had begun going straight into the garbage , or at least storage , at the hands of many new iPod and iPhone customers . When their new-generation EarPods rolled out in 2012 , Engadget reviewer Joe Pollicino may not have been damning them , but he certainly offered faint praise . "  The EarPods are possibly the best-sounding set of $ 29 earbuds you 'll be able to find , but at the end of the day , that 's not saying much , " he wrote . Hertsens sees some things changing and something staying the same at an Apple-owned Beats . The well-established brand would remain intact to keep the "  young and/or impressionable " buyers who are already fans . Meanwhile , Apple could tap into Beats ' existing research and development and manufacturing knowhow to develop new products under the Apple name . He pointed to patents Apple has filed for things like biometric and spacial sensors in headsets , saying "  smart headphones " from Apple could be on the way . "  In other words , Apple has a bunch of cool new ideas about putting sensors in headphones , " Hertsens said . "  Beats gives them an instantaneous headphone development and manufacturing capability to kickstart the appearance of these new products . " HD downloads But for all the talk about headphones -- Beats ' flagship product and an accessory used with every Apple mobile device -- another potential product may have caught the eye of folks in Cupertino . Beats Music launched in January , riding a wave of music-streaming websites and apps that have begun changing the way millions of people consume music . Pay-by-the-song digital music services like iTunes have been ceding market share to streaming services like Spotify and Pandora , which offer access to millions of songs , often for free . Why everybody is building a Web music service Revenues for subscription streaming services were up 51 % in 2013 , according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry  IFPI  . Meanwhile digital downloads from services like iTunes fell 2.1 % , the industry group said in its annual report . Apple 's entry into the market , iTunes Radio , has failed to make much of a dent in the Unites States , where Pandora remains the dominant streaming service . The mobile-oriented Beats Music is just a few months old , but it 's gotten high marks for its robust suggestion engine that considers factors as detailed as which songs make the user crank up the volume . Michael Lavorgna , of AudioStream.com , said a major push into streaming could coincide with Apple also offering higher-quality , 24-bit downloads . Direct sales from iTunes could become a more specialized market , wherein users would get the same sound quality they 're used to getting by streaming . "  How many people will continue to pay for lossy  low-quality  downloads when they can stream millions of choices in the same quality for the cost of about one album download per month ? " Lavorgna asked rhetorically . "  This potential deal between Apple and Beats could very well spur Apple 's move to HD downloads . If this deal happens , its safe to say we 'll see a sea change in the market and a move away from lossy downloads . I say it 's about damn time . "	Apple is reportedly close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics The tech giant could incorporate Beats research into "  smart headphones " Analysts predict Beats brand , popular with young buyers , wo n't go away The deal would also boost Apple 's music streaming potential
CNN  -- Bolivians are widely expected to approve a new constitution Sunday that would allow leftist President Evo Morales to run for another term this year , which he ca n't do under the current document . The new constitution would eliminate term limits and allow President Evo Morales to run again for president . The new constitution would replace the 1967 charter and give greater voice to the indigenous people who make up most of the country . It would also give more power to the central government . Morales , speaking at rallies in La Paz and Cochabamba this week , said the new document will propel the nation . "  Once approved , this will be the refoundation of Bolivia and the refoundation of a new state where there will be equality and we will all have the same rights and the same obligations , " he said . Others say the referendum is a way for Morales to keep himself in power , a move that could plunge the country into further violence , division and uncertainty . That effort , critics say , is in ample evidence as some regions fight to break away and as the deaths of up to 30 peasant government supporters a few months ago led to accusations of a right-wing massacre . "  What will be opened is a new chapter of violence , " said Carlos Toranzo , an investigator in La Paz with the Friedrich Ebert Foundation , a policy institute associated with the Social Democratic Party of Germany . As campaigning on Sunday 's referendum came to a close Thursday with massive festive rallies for each side , Bolivians gave voice to the chasm that separates them . "  What this constitutional project does is divide us , " said Fernanda San Martin , who was at the final opposition rally in the city of Santa Cruz . "  What it does is feed hate and racism in the country . " Efrain Tico Quispe , at a rally in favor of the new constitution , sees it from a different perspective . "  For them , it 's division . It does n't benefit them , " he said . "  But for humble people of our class , it serves us well . " The referendum has two parts : a straight yes-or-no vote on adopting the new constitution and a question asking Bolivians whether the maximum amount of private property that can be owned should be 5,000 or 10,000 hectares  12,355 or 24,710 acres  . The wide-ranging constitution would give the government a greater role in the economy and more control over natural resources , broaden nationalization of private industries and increase the rights of indigenous people . The new document also would eliminate term limits for all elected offices and would allow the president to run for re-election to a second consecutive five-year term . The current constitution limits the president to one five-year term . Under provisions of the new constitution , current terms would not be counted , so Morales could run in December and in 2014 . In return for support for the constitution , Morales reportedly has agreed not to run in 2014 if he wins this year . But Morales , who was elected in December 2005 by the largest margin since civilian rule was restored in 1982 , would still be in office for nine years . That part bothers those who see the vote as a way for Morales to keep himself in power . Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute in Washington , warns against politicians "  who use democracy to concentrate power . " Sunday 's vote comes after a long and troubled path that saw the referendum postponed three times . Morales , who campaigned on a promise to change the constitution , convened a constitutional assembly in July 2006 , with a referendum scheduled for August 2007 . The assembly did not have a draft document ready until December 2007 . After much wrangling and accusations that opponents were locked out of crucial votes , the Bolivian congress approved a referendum in February 2008 , scheduling it for May . But the government suspended that vote in March because some of the nation 's nine departments , or states , wanted to hold local referendums on greater autonomy during the May balloting . In August , Morales said the referendum would be held in December . That vote also was postponed after unrest in Pando department in which pro-government peasants were killed . In October , an agreement was reached to hold the referendum January 25 , 2009 . Hakim and others understand why many Bolivians are eager for the vote , particularly in a country with 85 percent indigenous or mestizo lineage and only 15 percent white . "  There 's a certain amount of ethnic identity that 's involved . That 's really important , " said Peter DeShazo , director of the Americas Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . "  People believe that somehow this is going to translate into something positive for their lives . " A turning point came with the election of Morales , the nation 's first Indian president . "  In Bolivia , you have a society that was very segregated , " Hakim said . "  There was a lot of repression against Indian groups . There 's a lot of impatience in the country . They feel that past governments have neglected them . They feel that the international communities and the United States have ignored them . " Morales , who won a recall vote last summer by a two-thirds margin , also is eager for a vote . The referendum is as much about him as it is the constitution . "  It 's a very important development , " said Erasto Almeida , an analyst with the Eurasia Group , a political research and consulting firm . "  Morales came into office with an agenda of radical change . The new constitution is an important step to consolidate this agenda . " Analysts and everyday Bolivians agree that the referendum is nearly certain to pass . DeShazo notes that more than 100 new laws will be required to put the constitution into play . That will take time . Almeida points out that Morales had to compromise on many issues "  as the result of a long and difficult negotiation . " More than 100 of the 411 articles in the constitution Morales ' party drafted in 2007 were changed as a result of negotiations with congress , DeShazo said . "  The fact that Morales made concessions and made the constitution more moderate makes the constitution more resilient , " Almeida said . He sees a couple of ways in which the opposition might try to make trouble for Morales . "  He 's going to get about two-thirds -LSB- of the vote -RSB- . That 's what 's expected , " Almeida said . "  If he gets lower , you could have more tension because the opposition will be emboldened . " If Morales gets significantly more of the vote than expected and tries to ram through his agenda , the opposition also could be energized , Almeida said . Toranzo , the La Paz investigator with the Ebert Foundation , has a more dire forecast . "  From Monday on , " he said , "  Bolivians wo n't know what to respect : what was before or what will come . This will destabilize the country . " He also thinks Bolivia 's faltering economy may factor into Sunday 's vote . The constitution was formulated , he said , "  during a time of fat cows , but it is being voted on during a time of skinny cows . " Though spirited , the campaign has been relatively trouble-free . About 3.8 million Bolivians are eligible to cast ballots in the mandatory voting . Jennifer McCoy , director of the Americas Program at the Carter Center , is head of a nine-person group of observers sent by former President Carter , who frequently monitors elections . The Organization of American States has sent a 65-person delegation , and the European Union has 45 observers , she said . "  It 's fairly quiet now . It 's fairly calm , " she said Friday . "  There were some protesters . There was a little bit of rock-throwing . But there has been no real violence , no deaths . There 's more real calm than previous events in Bolivia . " Hakim agrees , to a point . "  It 's a drama that 's playing itself out now , " he said . "  The degree of polarization and friction does not leave me terribly optimistic . On the other hand , things have n't gotten out of hand . " CNN 's Gloria Carrasco in La Paz , Bolivia , contributed to this report .	New constitution would eliminate term limits , give more voice to indigenous people Some say it 's just way for president to keep himself in power Critics express concern that dramatic change could lead to violence , divisions Policy investigator : "  Bolivians wo n't know what to respect " under new constitution
CNN  -- Man of the moment Andy Murray needed less than an hour to book his place in the quarterfinals of the Japan Open in Tokyo Wednesday . The defending champion beat Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-1 6-2 in 57 minutes at the Ariake Coliseum to book a clash against Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka in the last eight . It was the Scot 's ninth win in a row after his U.S. Open triumph where he beat Novak Djokovic in the final in New York . Murray also won singles gold in the London Olympics , defeating Wawrinka on the way to his triumph at Wimbledon . The World No. 3 was on control from the start against Lacko , breaking him twice on the way to taking the opening set and then continuing the good work in the second . "  I began the match very well , which was nice because it was long day to get on , " Murray told the official ATP Tour website . "  I started the match almost perfect . That was important . Once I got the break in the second set , I started to play better . " Murray holds a 7-4 winning career record against Wawrinka , who beat Jeremy Chardy of France 7-6 6-7 7-5 in a tight last 16 encounter . Meanwhile , top seed Djokovic eased through his second round match at the China Open in Beijing . Like Murray , the Serbian is playing in his first tournament since Flushing Meadows , and wasted little time in beating Argentina 's Carlos Berlocq in straight sets . Djokovic , who struggled past Germany 's Michael Berrer in the first round , broke his opponent six times on his way to a 6-1 6-3 victory in one hour and 14 minutes . In the accompanying WTA tournament at the same venue , Russia 's Maria Sharapova began with a 6-2 6-2 win over Romania 's Sorana Cirstea . But Serbian pair Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Jankovic were third round casualties , losing to Romina Oprandi and Carla Suarez-Navarro respectively .	Andy Murray charges into quarterfinals of Japan Open Defending champions needs less than an hour to beat Lukas Lacko Novak Djokovic wins second round match at China Open Marai Sharapova progresses in WTA tournament in Beijing
CNN  -- One of London 's most iconic landmarks is being given a green energy makeover as part of the city 's preparations to host the most environmentally friendly Olympic Games in history . Tower Bridge , which has spanned the River Thames for over 100 years , is being retrofitted with an LED lighting system that will reduce the structure 's energy consumption by 40 % , according to the City of London . The project will be completed by the start of this summer 's sporting extravaganza and will cut it 's electricity bills , making the bridge cheaper to maintain and operate . But while the new-look lighting will go some way to accentuating the structure 's unmistakeable features , one green building expert believes retrofitting famous monuments can do more than just add to their aesthetic . "  These high profile projects can highlight the importance of retrofitting and cause people to think about installing renewable energy systems on the micro level , " says John Alker , director of policy at the UK Green Building Council . "  Relatively speaking , Tower Bridge will save a small amount of energy but this could translate into a quite significant proportion if people can be persuaded to follow , " he adds . In recent years , other famous landmarks have adopted a similarly proactive approach to reducing their carbon output . The Vatican City , the Empire State Building and the Sydney Opera House have all employed low-energy solutions in one form or another . Alker is enthusiastic about the benefits of retrofitting famous landmarks , but warns that a balance must be found so that the integrity of historic buildings can be maintained . "  You have to be particularly sensitive , particularly to the facade of the building " he says . "  But in many cases much of what can be done -- like improving insulation , replacing windows and making air conditioning more efficient -- does n't necessarily have to be visibly noticeable or negligible on the aesthetic value of the building , " he adds .	Tower Bridge in London is being retrofitted with LED light bulbs that will reduce its energy consumption by 40 % The project will be completed by the start of the 2012 Olympics , which are aiming to be the greenest ever Other famous buildings to be retrofitted with green technology include Sydney Opera House and the Empire State Building
CNN  -- Today could be a crucial day in the push to rid Syria of chemical weapons . It 's day two of meetings between Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Geneva , Switzerland . A plan could be created Friday , but then again ... The United Nations is also poised to get involved . Although Syria 's bloody civil war is over two years old , power players from many nations seemed focused on making changes . Here are the five things to pay attention to today . 1 . Nailing down a plan Lavrov and Kerry take 2 . The most talked about chat in the world goes into its second day Friday with many hoping that the two can nail down a blueprint to destroy Syria 's chemical weapons . If Thursday 's meeting in Geneva is any indication , there is going to be a lot of back and forth . The sparring began in the opening statements . Lavrov spoke first . Kerry followed with longer and more forceful remarks . When he finished , Lavrov asked to respond and said he had n't come "  prepared with the extended political statement , " adding that "  diplomacy likes silence . " Kerry then asked the translator to repeat Lavrov 's final comment , but when that did n't happen , Lavrov tried to assure Kerry there was no problem . "  You want me to take your word for it ? It 's a little early for that , " Kerry said , smiling , as the two men shook hands for the cameras . Ouch . Though this exchange was playful , former U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen says Kerry will have his hands full with Lavrov . Cohen said Lavrov is "  very , very skilled , " "  bright , " "  articulate " and "  a very tough negotiator . " The talks could extend into Saturday , officials have said . If any deal is reached , it would have to be taken to the United Nations for consideration . 2 . More Putin backlash Russian President Vladimir Putin may not be America 's favorite writer , right now . Putin 's opinion piece published Wednesday in the New York Times ruffled some feathers and had at least one U.S. lawmaker looking for a barf bag . The Russian leader 's argument against military intervention in Syria brought some response . But his slap at American exceptionalism brought a flurry of U.S. reaction Thursday . Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez says the piece made him almost want to throw up , and House Speaker John Boehner says he 's "  insulted . " Even though the the White House shrugged off the fuss calling it "  irrelevant , " do n't be surprised if there are more reactions Friday . 3 . More fighting and sadly more deaths Though the camera seems focused on political spats , and negotiations about Syria , in the country a fierce fight continues . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported that fighting killed at least 94 people across Syria on Thursday , including 24 in Daraa province . This figure includes 27 deaths in Daraa province and another 26 in Aleppo province . The same group documented shelling that struck nearly 500 locales , along with almost 50 military jet attacks . The fight continues Friday . 4 . So where are these chemical weapons ? And while world powers haggle about what to do with Syria 's chemical weapons , a rebel leader is claiming the government 's cache of mass destruction is on the move . Gen. Salim Idriss , head of the opposition Free Syrian Army , says Syria 's government is shifting its chemical weapons out of the country . Where ? Iraq and Lebanon , Idriss says . CNN could not verify that claim . And Iraq quickly said : no way . "  We were the victims of chemical weapons under Saddam  Hussein 's  regime , and we will never allow to let any country to transfer chemical materials to our lands at all , " said an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . 5 . The UN gets closer to weighing in A greatly anticipated U.N. report on Syria 's alleged chemical attack could be coming soon . This development could speed up an international response to Syria French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Thursday that the United Nations report on the August attack in Syria will "  probably " be published on Monday , and that there will "  certainly be indications " pointing to the origin of the attack . France and other U.S. allies have said they want any coordinated response on Syria to be controlled by the U.N. . The report is being created by inspectors who traveled to the site of the chemical weapons attack in the suburban Damascus that the United States estimates killed more than 1,400 people . It could be a first step toward generating support for a Security Council resolution . The world is waiting . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Steve Brusk , Jamie Crawford , Jake Tapper , Elise Labott , Barbara Starr , John King , Jake Tapper and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Talks between the United States and Russia continue Russia 's Putin New York Times op-ed piece gets backlash Close to 100 die in fighting in Syria Thursday , opposition says
CNN  -- It was a dark secret . The kind that destroys lives , devastates families and decimates faith . Nobody shared it with Valerie Spruill while her husband was alive . For years after his death , she heard bits of the story . It was something about an absentee father , something about her husband . None of it made sense , she said . That 's not until her uncle finally told her what no one else had : She had unknowingly married the father she never knew . "  It is devastating . It can destroy you , " Spruill told CNN late Thursday by telephone . "  It almost did . " Spruill , 60 , of Doylestown , Ohio , went public with her story this month , first published in the Akron Beacon Journal , with the hopes that it would help others facing what seem like insurmountable problems . It 's a story that has gone viral , attracting attention as faraway as Australia and India where the questions are always the same , she says : How could that happen ? WCPO : How a woman unwittingly married her father It 's a question that Spruill said she has been grappling with since she first learned the truth in 2004 , six years after her husband Percy Spruill died . "  I do n't know if he ever knew or not . That conversation did n't come up , " she said . "  I think if he did know , there is no way he could have told me . " She confirmed that her husband was indeed her father through a DNA test , hair taken from one of his brushes . The aftermath of the secret was devastating emotionally -- and physically , Spruill suffered two strokes and was diagnosed with diabetes . All of it , she believes was brought on by learning the family secret . "  Pain and stress will kill , and I had to release my stress , " Spruill said . "  I 'm just telling the story to release my pain . " Stress may harm brain - but it recovers She has a deep , abiding faith in God , who she believes has guided her through the experience -- and others that have shaped her life . "  You have to have faith , " she said . "  If God brought me this far , he 's not going to leave me now . " Spruill met and married her husband-father in Akron and settled in Doylestown , a working class suburb of about 2,300 . It was her second marriage . Spruill was a nice man , a good provider . He was kind to her three children from her previous marriage . "  We had a good life , " she said . She initially struggled with anger , with hating Spruill for what happened . But therapy taught her what happened was n't her fault . Her faith taught her to forgive . Initial response to her story has been mixed : "  More positive than negative , " she says . In recent days , she has been in contact with a couple who found out after they were married that they were brother and sister . They told her , she said , that her story is helping them deal with their own experience . "  They are trying to be friends now , " Spruill said . Others , though , have been less kind . "  They 've said things like ` Some secrets should stay secrets , ' " she said . "  I ca n't do anything about what they think . I just know what I think . God is always mighty , and he teaches you to tell the truth no matter what . " My Faith : Suffering my way to a new tomorrow Spruill knows not everybody tells the truth . It 's a lesson she learned as a child the hard way . By all accounts , Spruill 's mother got pregnant as a teenager while dating her then 15-year-old father . She was 3-months-old when she was sent to live with her grandmother and grandfather , who she initially believed as she grew up was her father . Spruill said at about age 8 or 9 , she discovered that the woman who often visited the house was not a family friend but her mother . But nobody , she said , talked about her father . There 's nobody left to give her the answers about her husband-father . Her mother , Christine , died in 1984 . Her grandparents have long since passed . So , too , have a number of Percy Spruill 's relatives . Spruill knows her mother worked as a prostitute and even got caught up in the 1980 high-profile corruption scandal surrounding James Barbuto , a probate judge who was convicted of intimidating investigators and gross sexual imposition for attacking a courthouse clerk in his chambers . "  My mother showed me lots of love . All said and done , I have no regrets in my life at all , " she said . She believes she has siblings or half-siblings from Spruill 's previous relationships , including the one with her mother . She said she wants to find them and let them know they are not alone . Siblings heal family rifts through therapy Spruill , herself , has three children and eight grandchildren . She struggled with telling her children that the man they believed was their step-father was their grandfather . A therapist "  advised me to tell my kids , " she said . "  I told them about two years ago . They are remarkable . They are handling it better than I am . " In recent days , shortly before the news broke , she also told her grandchildren . "  They have been so supportive . They are telling me they love me , telling me they will do whatever I need , " she said . In her spare time , since retiring from the accounting department where she worked for 34 years at Goodyear , she has been writing down her story with the hopes of publishing it . "  I thank God that he gave me a chance to live through all of this , " she said . "  It is nothing short of a miracle that I 'm still here . I want people to know that they can survive something like this . "	Valerie Spruill , 60 , found out her husband was her father in 2004 Spruill 's husband-father died in 1998 at the age of 60 Spruill learned the family secret from an uncle A DNA test on hair taken from a brush proved the claim
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki beat Ana Ivanovic in a battle of former world number one ranked players to reach the semifinals of the $ 2 million WTA tournament in Dubai Thursday . The Dane , who lost the top spot during the Australian Open earlier this year , won an entertaining encounter 6-3 7-5 in one hour 33 minutes . Former French Open champion Ivanovic threatened a comeback when she twice retrieved deficits in a thrilling second set , but Wozniacki achieved her sixth break of service to lead 6-5 and serve for the match . Ivanovic saved one match point but hit a return long on the second to leave defending champion Wozniacki on course to defend her title . Her semifinal will be against Julia Goerges , the improving German , who beat Slovakian star Daniela Hantuchova 4-6 6-3 6-4 in their last eight match The unseeded Goerges has beaten Wozniacki the last two times they have met , both on clay . Wozniacki is the highest ranked player left in the tournament after the withdrawals of Victoria Azarenka and Petra Kvitova through injury . Earlier , Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland reached her second semifinal in two weeks by thrashing German Sabine Lisicki 6-2 6-1 . The fifth seed will play in-form Jelena Jankovic in their last four clash Friday . Jankovic , also a former world number one , upset fourth seed and reigning U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur 6-4 6-2 to reach her fifth Dubai semifinal since 2005 .	Caroline Wozniacki beats Ana Ivanovic 6-3 7-5 in Dubai Open quarterfinals Both players have been former world number one ranked Agnieszka Radwanska thrashes Sabine Lisicki in their quarterfinal Jelena Jankovic beats Sam Stosur to reach the semifinals
CNN  -- A fight for the control of Sake , a strategically placed town in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo , raged Thursday , while regional leaders sought to end the crisis . The political leader of M23 , the rebel group that captured Goma , a key city near Sake , two days earlier , flew to Uganda Thursday for talks with that country 's president . The United Kingdom 's minister for Africa , Mark Simmonds , arrived in Kigali , Rwanda , Thursday and immediately issued a statement saying "  there can be no attempt to unseat the legitimate government of the Democratic Republic of Congo " while calling on the DRC government to "  address the underlying causes of the conflict . " "  I call on the M23 to stop its advance and to withdraw from Goma immediately , " Simmonds said . "  This would benefit the people of the DRC and is the will of the governments of the region and the whole international community . " Oxfam , which is monitoring humanitarian conditions in the area , warned Thursday that the fall of Goma to the rebels poses "  a very real risk of complete collapse of state authority and the humanitarian crisis reaching new depths . " It estimates that 120,000 people are in urgent need of help , with many sleeping in the open or in schools and other buildings without humanitarian aid . "  People are living in chaotic conditions , " said Tariq Riebl , Oxfam 's humanitarian coordinator . "  There are real fears that cholera and other fatal water-borne diseases could spread , as shortages of power and water in Goma have left thousands of people with no choice but to get water straight from Lake Kivu . " Reporter Phil Moore , who was in Sake Thursday , said "  the crack of heavy gunfire ripped through the town " in the afternoon , sending thousands of residents fleeing down the road to Goma . "  The road east to Goma was filled by people carrying bedding , cooking pots and whatever belongings they had to hand , " Moore said . "  One boy walked past with his six goats . Motorcycles sped past , three people squeezed onto the small seat , and minibuses were bursting with those fleeing renewed violence . The sound of mortar rounds exploding mixed with the rumble of thunder , rolling in from the north . " These refugees from Sake will suffer a difficult night , he said , "  forced to sleep amongst the sharp , volcanic rock that defines the landscape on the edge of Lake Kivu . Seeking refuge in the Mugunga IDP camp , already filled with 50,000 people . There is little to eat , and no shelter . " The situation of who is fighting and who is in control is unclear , he said . Sake is strategic because it is a gateway to Bukavu , the capital of South Kivu . "  A motorcycle raced through the crowd saying that M23 had retreated from the town and were held up at a small stream crossing just outside of the city , " Moore said . "  As the thousands of fleeing civilians walked east towards a camp for the internally displaced , a truck filled with rebels raced from Goma towards Sake . Minutes later , they were followed by a column of a dozen rebels , running on foot , their pick-up truck having broken down further up the road . Bandoliers rattled around their necks as they carried PKM machine guns and Kalashnikov rifles , and some carried rocket-propelled grenades . " M23 political leader Jean-Marie Runiga Lugerero was summoned to Kampala by Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , who is hosting a conference of regional leaders Saturday aimed at ending the crisis in the DRC , according to an M23 source close to Lugerero . DRC President Joseph Kabila and President Paul Kagame of Rwanda were also in Kampala for the International Conference for the Great Lakes Region , which is set to start there Saturday . When the M23 rebel movement gained control of Goma earlier this week , it announced that it plans to "  liberate " the entire country . An M23 spokesman said Tuesday that the capture of Goma , the culmination of several days of heavy fighting against government forces , was just the beginning . "  We will push on to Bukavu , then Kisangani , and finally take Kinshasa and overthrow the government , " Lt. Col. Vianney Kazarama said to enthusiastic cheers from a crowd of several hundred at Goma 's stadium , according to a Congolese reporter there . Kazarama said that once the rebels overthrow the government , they will call for elections . Kinshasa , the country 's capital , lies nearly 1,000 miles west of Goma , the capital of North Kivu province . The eastern part of the DRC , which includes Goma , has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals following the genocide in that country . The M23 group was named for the peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which they accuse the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly Tutsis , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army in April , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised , and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions . Tens of thousands of Congolese , already displaced by previous rounds of fighting in the volatile region , have fled camps around the edges of Goma , according to UNICEF and the medical charity Doctors Without Borders . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : U.K. minister calls on M23 to "  stop its advance and to withdraw from Goma immediately " Uganda 's president summoned M23 's political leader to Kampala for discussions Fierce fighting erupted Thursday in Sake , a city west of Goma Oxfam warns of "  the humanitarian crisis reaching new depths "
CNN  -- If not for the hue of their skin or their ethnicity , 24 soldiers who faced death in service to their nation would have received the most prestigious medals for their valor long ago . But they were born and fought in a time when such deeds were not always fairly acknowledged . On Tuesday , the U.S. government corrected the oversight . President Barack Obama honored 24 Army veterans with the Medal of Honor -- the country 's highest military award , given to American soldiers who display "  gallantry above and beyond the call of duty " -- for their combat actions in Vietnam , Korea and World War II . "  No nation is perfect , but here ... we confront our imperfections and face a sometimes painful past , including the truth that some of these soldiers fought and died for a country that did not always see them as equal , " Obama said . Only three of the soldiers are alive to receive the recognition . The rest -- soldiers with last names including Garcia and Weinstein and Negron -- are dead . Of the 24 honored , 10 never came home . The body of one -- Cpl. Joe Baldonado -- has never been recovered , Obama said . For the few who survive , such as Melvin Morris , this day has been more than 40 years in the making . He was fresh-faced and 19 when he volunteered to go to Vietnam . In 1969 , the Army Green Beret "  charged into a hail of fire " to save his injured comrades and retrieve the bodies of the fallen , even though he was shot several times and bleeding . The Army would later say his actions on the battlefield that day showed "  determination possessed by few men . " "  The staff sergeant recovered a fallen comrade ... and took out several bunkers even after he was shot several times , " Obama said . He was honored in 1970 with the Army 's Distinguished Service Cross award . Today , at age 72 , Morris -- who is African-American -- received his nation 's most esteemed military honor . "  It makes me very proud that they are going back and looking at records , " Morris told CNN . But it was never about a medal for Morris , who joined the Army in 1959 . On September 17 , 1969 , he was on a search-and-destroy mission with his company when he learned the commander of another company nearby had been killed . "  Immediately it came to me that I had to recover his body , " Morris said . " ... Leave no man behind under any circumstance . " Morris was shot three times -- in the chest , arm and left ring finger -- as he carried the casualties out of the line of fire . He was then trapped in the firefight . "  The only thing I could do is fight , to hope I could get out , " he said . And fight he did . He was later evacuated from the battlefield . Less than a year later , he returned to duty in Vietnam where he would be decorated again for his actions in combat . There are others , too . Men like Santiago J. Erevia , a radiotelephone operator from Texas who in 1969 tended injured comrades in Vietnam 's Quang Tin province when his position came under attack . According to the citation , Erevia took out three machine gun bunkers with grenades and gunfire . He then returned to care for his wounded comrades , crawling from one wounded man to another to administer aid . And there were men like Jose Rodela , who , while commanding a mobile strike force in Vietnam 's Phuoc Long province , "  was wounded in the back and head by rocket shrapnel while recovering a wounded comrade , " according to a military commendation . Still he single-handedly assaulted and knocked out a mortar position before returning to lead his men . Morris , Rodela and Erevia wore Army uniforms as they accepted the medal , which was placed around their neck by Obama . "  In the thick of the fight all those years ago , for your comrades and your country , you refused to yield , " the President said . In 2002 Congress -- as part of the Defense Authorization Act -- set up a review of Jewish and Hispanic veterans who had served in combat since the middle of the century "  to ensure those deserving the Medal of Honor were not denied because of prejudice , " explained the White House . The congressional action was later amended to open the door for any serviceman or woman denied the award due to discrimination . One of those who posthumously received the award is Leonard Kravitz , an assistant machine gunner in the Korean War . He is the uncle and namesake of actor and rock musician Lenny Kravitz . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : " The only thing I could do is fight , " honoree Melvin Morris tells CNN President Barack Obama honors 24 veterans with the Medal of Honor White House says they were passed over for the top medal because of discrimination Only three of them are still alive ; they served in WWII , Korea and Vietnam
EW.com  -- Have you ever seen a Velvet Teddy Bear with rock-hard abs ? American Idol alum Ruben Studdard , who beat Clay Aiken back in 2003 to earn the season 2 crown , is moving on to a new reality competition : The Biggest Loser . Studdard -- nicknamed the Velvet Teddy Bear for his cuddly physique and silky-smooth vocals -- is ready to change that image in the name of health . EW : ` The Biggest Loser ' gains viewers , but so do Fox toons "  I 've never had an issue with my weight , " Studdard , 35 , told People . " -LSB- But -RSB- my family has a history of high blood pressure , diabetes , heart-related issues -- things I did n't have to deal with yet because I 'm young . But I do n't want to be worried at 40 , and if I do n't fix things now , I will be . " EW : ` Biggest Loser ' trainers wo n't scream at kid contestants While Studdard is hardly the first celebrity to lose weight on TV -- VH1  s "  Celebrity Fit Club " ran for seven seasons -- he is the first famous face to compete on "  The Biggest Loser , " which returns to NBC this fall . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Velvet Teddy Bear would like to shed more weight Studdard will be the first famous face on "  The Biggest Loser " He said he is doing it for his health
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Taylor Swift gets a chance to extend her reign as the Academy of Country Music 's entertainer of the year , but she 's competing with four-time winner Kenny Chesney and nominees Jason Aldean , Brad Paisley and Blake Shelton . Chesney received nine Academy of Country Music Awards nods -- the most of any artist -- when the nominations were revealed Thursday , followed by Aldean 's six and Paisley 's four . Swift is the most-nominated female solo artist with three . Lady Antebellum leads in group nominations with five , while the Eli Young Band has three . The list of first-time nominees includes Grace Potter with three , Aaron Lewis with two , and Thompson Square and Love and Theft earned single nominations . Shelton will join forces with Reba McEntire in hosting the 47th annual Academy of Country Music Awards in a live CBS telecast from Las Vegas on April 1 . Swift picked up her third consecutive nomination for entertainer of the year , which she won for the first time last year . The country and pop singer is also nominated for female vocalist for a fifth year and for video of the year for "  Mean . " Chesney 's domination of the country music awards includes a nomination for male vocalist of the year , his 10th ; two album of the year nods for "  Hemingway 's Whiskey ; " double nominations for single record of the year and vocal event of the year as artist and producer on "  You and Tequila . " That tune , recorded with Potter , is also up for song of the year . Aldean 's six award nominations include his second for entertainer of the year and male vocalist of the year . His "  My Kinda Party " is up for album of the year , while "  Do n't You Wan na Stay , " featuring Kelly Clarkson , is nominated in the single record and vocal event categories . Aldean 's "  Tattoos On This Town " is competing for video of the year . Lady Antebellum 's five nominations include vocal group of the year , album of the year -- both as artists and producers of "  Own The Night " -- and for song and video of the year for "  Just A Kiss . " Paisley got his fifth straight entertainer of the year nomination and eighth for male vocalist of the year , which he has won five times since 2006 . Paisley also is nominated twice in the vocal event category for "  Old Alabama " with Alabama and "  Remind Me " with Carrie Underwood . Toby Keith 's homage to the ubiquitous party drink container -- "  Red Solo Cup " -- is honored with three ACM nominations , including for video of the year and a double nomination as artist and producer for single record of the year . Potter 's three nominations are all shared with Chesney for their collaboration on "  You And Tequila . " Eli Young Band 's three nominations include single record and song of the year for "  Crazy Girl " and vocal group of the year . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Kenny Chesney picks up nine Academy of Country Music Awards nominations Lady Antebellum leads in group nominations with five , the Eli Young Band has three Taylor Swift is the most-nominated female solo artist with three Blake Shelton and Reba McEntire will host the awards show on CBS April 1
CNN  -- Former English Premier League referees have jumped to the defense of Howard Webb after criticism of his performance in Sunday 's World Cup final . Webb , the first referee to officiate the European Champions League final and World Cup final in the same season , dished out 13 yellow cards and one red as Spain defeated the Netherlands 1-0 in a tempestuous clash at Soccer City , Johannesburg . Dutch coach Bert Van Marwijk and several of his players suggested the English official favored the Spanish , and Netherlands fans booed Webb and his assistants when they collected their medals after the game . But ex-referee Jeff Winter , who took charge of several fiery encounters between English giants like Manchester United , Arsenal and Liverpool , was full of praise for Webb 's performance in extremely testing circumstances . "  I thought he had a superb game , " Winter told CNN . "  I find it very difficult to remember a more testing game than that at any level . I thought the players ' behavior and discipline were abysmal . "  It was as if the Dutch had decided the only way they were going to stop Spain was by kicking them , harassing the referee and being obnoxious throughout . "  From a referee 's point of view , if the players do n't want to be controlled it 's virtually impossible to control them . Had it had been a referee without his experience of the European game , they might have lost control within the first 30 minutes . " Webb 's tally of 14 yellow cards -- including the red shown to Netherlands defender Johnny Heitinga in extra-time - was a record for the World Cup final . Players from both sides flew into challenges from the first whistle and Dutch midfielder Nigel De Jong was fortunate to escape with only a yellow for a chest-high kick on Spain 's Xabi Alonso . "  Howard will never , ever , if he lives to be 100 , referee a tougher match , " Dermot Gallagher , another former Premier League referee , told Sky Sports News . "  If you take the De Jong tackle out -- I thought that was a red card -- other than that I do n't think he 's got much to really look back in anger at himself , because he 's gone out , he 's been tested to the absolute limit . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter also defended Webb 's performance , stating that it was "  not easy " to control such a match . "  It 's not up to me to judge the performances of the officials , I can only say it was a very hard task that the referee trio had on the field of play , " he told reporters in Johannesburg . The defeat was the Netherlands ' third in a World Cup final , and several of the players made Webb the target of their frustration . The official declined to dismiss Spain center-back Carles Puyol for a tug on Arjen Robben as he bore down on goal in the second half and failed to award a corner to the Dutch when a free-kick was deflected wide shortly before Spain 's goal . "  There were some strange decisions and for me , honestly , if you play a World Cup final , you need a world-class referee , " Robben said , the U.K. Press Association reported . Van Marwijk said Webb had not controlled the match , while Liverpool forward Dirk Kuyt said : "  I know you can not blame others , but the referee favored Spain . " Winter , Webb 's room-mate when he joined the Premier League circuit in 2003 , has no sympathy for the Dutch . "  To listen to Dutch players after the game blaming the referee for the defeat after they conducted themselves abysmally for the whole two hours is unbelievable , " he said . "  I hope when they look back at what they 've said they are totally and utterly embarrassed . "	Former referees defend Howard Webb 's performance in World Cup final Ex-Premier League official Jeff Winter ddescribesWebb 's display as superb FIFA president Sepp Blatter says Webb had a "  very hard task " in the match Dutch players and manager say referee favored Spain , who won 1-0 in extra-time
The Baltimore Ravens ' top security guy has been charged with a sex offense that allegedly occurred December 14 , online court records reveal . The senior security director for the NFL team , Darren Sanders , was charged with a fourth-degree sex offense which is "  not considered a sexually violent offense but sexual contact without consent of victim , " according to the Maryland Attorney General 's office definition . The record did not go into details about the charges but the address listed for the defendant is that of the team 's headquarters in Owings Mills , Maryland . CNN was unable to reach Sanders ' lawyer . But the lawyer , Andrew Alperstein , told the Baltimore Sun the charges were "  totally fabricated . " Earlier this year , Sanders was mired in the infamous Ray Rice elevator beating scandal in which the football player was investigated for hitting his then-fiance in an elevator of a New Jersey casino . Sanders played a role in explaining how he , on the team 's behalf , requested the casino 's video footage of Janay Palmer being beaten in the elevator . He said the casino officer would only describe the video to him , and he relayed the information to Ravens executives . Sanders was publicly scrutinized for his lack of investigative effort when the media outlet , TMZ , obtained and released the video footage . Sanders ' court date is scheduled for February 9 in Maryland .	Sanders is charged with a fourth-degree sex offense His lawyer told the Baltimore Sun the charges are fabricated
Yemeni women defiantly burned their traditional veils Wednesday in protest of President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's brutal crackdown on anti-government demonstrations . Thousands of women gathered in the capital , Sanaa , said witnesses . They carried banners that read : "  Saleh the butcher is killing women and is proud of it " and "  Women have no value in the eyes in Ali Saleh . " They collected their veils and scarves in a huge pile and set it ablaze -- an act that is highly symbolic in the conservative Islamic nation , where women use their veils to cover their faces and bodies . It 's the first time in the nine months of Yemen 's uprising that such an event has occurred . Inspired by Yemeni activist Tawakkol Karman 's Nobel Peace Prize this month , more and more Yemeni women have taken to the streets and escalated their campaign for help from the international community . More than 60 women were attacked in October alone by the government , said protester Ruqaiah Nasser . Government forces are raiding homes and also killing children , she said . She said silence from tribal leaders on the matter is a "  disgrace . " "  We will not stay quiet and will defend ourselves if our men ca n't defend us , " Nasser said . "  Tribes must understand they will not be respected by Yemeni women if they stay quiet while their women are being attacked by the Saleh regime . Tribes who ignore our calls are cowards and have no dignity . " "  Saleh is killing women and children and this is against tribal culture , " she said . "  Where are their voices when we need them ? It 's a disgrace if they stay quiet . " The women 's protests came after the Yemeni government announced a cease-fire Tuesday . But that did not appear to be holding . At least 10 people died and dozens were injured earlier Tuesday in clashes between Yemeni government security forces in the country 's capital and the province of Taiz , medical officials reported . Yemen 's government has said that opposition-supported militants are responsible for the violence . Saleh summoned the U.S. ambassador and reiterated a promise to sign an agreement brokered by the Gulf Cooperation Council in which he would step aside in exchange for immunity from prosecution , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . However , Saleh has repeatedly promised to sign the council-backed deal and not done so . The embattled leader has clung to power through the protracted protests .	The women gathered their veils and scarves in a pile and set it ablaze The act is highly symbolic in the conservative Muslim nation A protester accused Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime of killing women and children She said women would not tolerate silence from tribal leaders
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . Beware , it contains offensive language . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- Fast food is quick and cheap and tastes delicious in a horribly wonderful way . But whether it 's a misguided menu item or an employee hocking up mucus on take-out orders , it seems like there 's always something crazy going on at your favorite fast food restaurant . Papa John 's made headlines this week after a delivery man pocket-dialed a customer during a racist tirade . Let 's look back at a few more not-so-hot fast food moments from recent memory . If you are reading this on mobile you wo n't be able to see this story in all its glory . Click here instead . .	A customer posted a YouTube video of a racist rant by Papa John 's pizza delivery man Do you remember the Domino 's employee who stuck cheese up his nose ? Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Nyla was just two or three days old , no one really knows for sure , when she was found abandoned in the middle of a field in Rwanda . She was "  black and blue , " says her adoptive mother , Karen Brown . Her umbilical cord was still attached . One year later , Nyla lives in a high-rise building in Hong Kong with American parents and a four-year-old sister who is Chinese . She just started walking and has "  seven-and-a-half " teeth , though she 's too shy to show them . The bright-eyed baby is one of more than 35,000 children sent from Africa in a surge of adoptions in the last eight years , according to adoption expert Peter Selman from Newcastle University in the UK . During that time , figures have risen three-fold at the same time as international adoptions from all countries have slumped to a 15-year low , Selman said . A new report from The African Child Policy Forum  ACPF  entitled "  Africa : The New Frontier for Intercountry Adoption , " says the trend indicates that receiving countries are turning "  en masse " to Africa to meet demand for adoptive children as other options close . It 's a trend , they say , that needs to stop . "  It must at all costs be discouraged . It should be a last resort and an exception rather than the normal recourse to solving the situation of children in difficult circumstances , as it seems to have now become , " said David Mugawe , executive director of the ACPF in a press statement . The group says that the lack of regulation combined with the promise of money from abroad had turned children into "  commodities in the graying and increasingly amoral world of intercountry adoption . " "  Due to the illegal nature of these acts , it has been difficult to properly document them , but it is known that there have been cases of children sold by their parents , and children abducted and later trafficked or even placed for adoption because wrongly considered orphans , " said Najat M'jid Maalla , U.N. Special Rapporteur on the sale of children , child prostitution and child pornography . Children 's rights advocates are meeting in Ethiopia this week to consider what needs to be done to protect the continent 's children at the Fifth International Policy Conference on the African Child  IPC  . The ACPF is urging African leaders to seek family-based , national solutions to care for the estimated 58 million children on the continent who have been orphaned by war , famine and disease . "  Every child should have an inalienable right to be nurtured and reared in the country and culture in which they are born , " Mugawe said . See also : Should race be a factor in adoption ? In the eight years from 2003 to 2010 , more than half of the children adopted from Africa came from Ethiopia  22,282  , followed by South Africa  1,871  , Liberia  1,355  and Madagascar  1,331  and Nigeria  1,118  , according to Selman . Of those , only South Africa and Madagascar have ratified the 1993 Hague Convention on the Protection of Children and Co-operation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption . Compliance with the Convention typically leads to a fall in adoption from those countries as they work to satisfy demands for greater transparency , the ACPF said . However , sharp increases in adoption rates from non-Hague Convention countries exposed a "  deeply troubling " trend of shifting demand , according to a second report released by the group Tuesday , "  Intercountry Adoption : An African Perspective . " "  Demand transfers to other countries where Hague protections do not exist and where , all too often , the authorities are totally unprepared to cope with the sudden influx of applications and are unable to apply basic child protection safeguards , " the report said . Among other safeguards , the Convention dictates that a Central Authority must ensure that adoption is in the best interests of the child . Only 13 -- or less than one third of -- African countries have signed the Convention , according to the ACPF . The majority of children adopted from Africa go to the United States or France , two of the world 's biggest receiving countries , according to Selman . They 're also the two countries that have experienced the greatest falls in international adoption rates in the past year , mostly due to a drop in adoptions from Haiti after the 2010 earthquake . Based on current but incomplete figures , Selman predicts international adoption rates will fall again in 2011 , taking the total number to between 23,000 and 25,000 -- down about 50 % since 2004 . "  The general agreement is it 's an issue of supply rather than demand . In other words , it 's not that people do n't want to adopt from abroad . It means that countries are less willing to send or we decide that they are operating so poorly that we do n't want to receive them , " he said . Any further reduction from Africa would put further pressure on countries still open to adoptions and create longer waiting lists for potential parents . "  There are many frustrated singles and couples who have been approved for adoptions and are waiting longer than they expected and some are feeling as though they will never get a child , " Selman said . Nyla 's parents Karen and Charlie Brown have just embarked on what they know will be a long campaign to adopt a third child . It has taken the couple seven years to adopt two children and as the number of adopting countries shrinks , so do their options . Rwanda , Nyla 's birthplace , has temporarily suspended new adoptions while it works to implement the Hague Convention . Brown said she knows a lot of people who want to adopt who are now looking to Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo . Both have recorded sharp jumps in international adoption rates in recent years , according to Selman . Neither has ratified the Hague Convention . Brown is not sure if Nyla would have survived had she remained in the Rwandan orphanage . She was five months old and malnourished when they gained custody . "  She had antibiotic-resistant salmonella poisoning in her entire body . Her head was covered in ring worm . She brought home other health issues , a lot of which we 've been able to eradicate . She 's a healthy little girl ... now , " she said . As to the suggestion that the doors should be all but closed to international adoptions from Africa , Brown said it should n't matter where adoptive parents live . "  If there 's a mum and dad and everybody knows your name and you have plenty of food and you get a great education and you 're loved , I personally do n't think it matters what country you 're in , " she said .	African children 's rights groups calls for cut in international adoptions Adoption abroad should be discouraged "  at all costs , ' " says African Child Policy Forum Experts are meeting in Ethiopia this week to discuss sharp rise in adoptions Adoptions from Africa have surged three-fold in 8 years as total adoptions have dropped
CNN  -- Central African Republic rebels and government officials will meet early next week for talks , a minister said Saturday , after a spate of violence that has left the fate of the inland African nation in limbo . The upcoming discussions will be in Gabon , on Africa 's western coast , said the Central African Republic 's Minister of Territorial Administration and Decentralization Josue Binoua . He did not specify the date when the discussions would begin . Central African Republic diplomatic adviser Honore Nzessiwe had indicated Thursday that the government was then trying to arrange a meeting with rebel leaders in Libreville , Gabon . The development comes as officials from various nations take steps to protect their citizens and interests in the Central African Republic , amid fears of more violence . U.S. President Barack Obama wrote a letter Saturday to Congress informing them that about 50 U.S. troops were sent to Chad on Thursday "  to support the evacuation of U.S. embassy personnel and U.S. citizens from the Central African Republic . " "  Although equipped for combat , this stand-by security force was deployed solely for the purpose of protecting U.S. citizens and property , if necessary , " Obama wrote . The rebels were reported earlier this week to be about 190 miles from Bangui . But there 's been a lull in rebel attacks in recent days , which Margaret Vogt , a special representative of the U.N. secretary-general , said might be evidence that they are respecting an earlier promise to halt their advance on the capital . The volatile situation -- which has spurred demonstrations in Bangui , the country 's capital and largest city , urging foreign intervention amid concerns rebels could soon enter the city -- prompted government authorities to set an 8 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  curfew Sunday , Binoua said . Already , the lingering unrest has prompted the United Nations to relocate dependents and nonessential staff from the country and the U.S. Embassy in Bangui to shut down operations . The U.S. State Department said Thursday -- the same day U.S. troops were sent to Chad -- its ambassador and diplomatic team left the capital , but that the United States is not cutting off diplomatic relations with the turbulent African nation . Read more : U.S. diplomats leave Central African Republic President Francois Bozize on Thursday asked for other nations ' help in staving off rebel advances that threaten his rule . Bozize specifically called on France -- which ruled his country , then as a colony known as Ubangi-Shari , until it gained independence in 1960 -- and the United States to help ensure "  the rebels return home ... instead of destroying and killing Central Africans . " U.N. efforts have focused on calling for a disarmament process , but a lack of funding from the European Union meant such a program could not be carried out in the country 's northeast , where there is fighting , Vogt said . France has a permanent presence of 200 to 300 military personnel at Bangui 's airport under the mandate of the Economic Community of Central African States , and French President Francois Hollande ordered them to safeguard his nation 's embassy earlier this week . But Hollande said Thursday that his nation 's troops are not there to "  protect a regime , " but instead protect French nationals and interests . France will not "  interfere in the internal affairs of a country , in this case , CAR , " Hollande said , adding , "  That time is over . " Read more : CNN Inside Africa CNN 's Bharati Naik , Stephanie Halasz and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : About 50 U.S. troops have been deployed to help evacuate citizens , Obama says Rebels , angry with the government , have staged attacks in recent days The C.A.R. president has urged international intervention to stave off rebel advances The two sides will talk next week in Gabon , a government minister says
CNN  -- Syrian forces are uprooting thousands of people and then demolishing their homes in part of a flashpoint city that has been the center of an anti-government rebellion , according to residents there . Tanks and bulldozers have been tearing down houses in the Mesha Alarbeen district of the city of Hama , the site of intense fighting during an uprising against the Syrian government . The displacement and demolition has conjured fears of something that happened in the western city 30 years ago . The Hama Massacre of 1982 is fresh in the minds of Syrians . Acting under orders from Hafez Assad -- the father of the current Syrian president -- the Syrian military brutally suppressed a revolt in Hama . Estimates of the number of casualties vary from 3,000 to 40,000 . A 1983 Amnesty International report put the death toll on both sides as between 10,000 and 25,000 . Read more : Syrian children 's horror stories released Once again , Hama is a stronghold of anti-government activists who have roiled the country for the past 18 months . Security forces rolled in with tanks and bulldozers . "  So far they have razed 120 buildings , " Osamah , a Hama resident who visited the neighborhood on Sunday , told CNN . The neighborhood had been "  the main gathering place " for those "  peaceful and militant " who oppose President Bashar al-Assad 's government , according to Osamah . That is until last June , when the security forces decided to enter the district and completely take it over , several activists said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported a "  massive presence of terrorist armed gangs that threaten " the people of Hama . Other SANA articles referenced how security forces had found large amounts of weapons in the area . Read more : Fresh attacks , but few answers in Syria The government has consistently referred to anti-government forces as terrorists . "  The security forces started using artillery fire to shell several positions in the neighborhood , " Abdallah -- another resident -- told CNN from Meshaa Alarbaeen . "  Some of the poorest people live here . The security forces targeted their homes indiscriminately . They really tried to make life impossible for the residents . " Read more : Syria explained : What you need to know A few weeks ago , security forces allowed the bulldozers to enter the district . Several amateur videos purportedly shot over the past two weeks support the activists ' claims . They show bulldozers flattening entire blocks while operating under the watchful eyes of security forces . Eyewitnesses said security force members have been going building-to-building asking people to evacuate their homes . "  Most of the residents have left their homes . The majority of them went to neighboring areas in the province . Some are still sleeping in the streets , and only a few of them remain in their homes , " Abdallah said . Another resident reached by phone Sunday said she 's been living on the street , along with her two kids , for five days after her husband was detained by authorities and her home was burned . She did not want to be named for safety reasons . Read more : Syrian novelist pens 100 days of horror Some Shabiha -- gangs loyal to the regime -- resort to other extreme tactics to intimidate those who do not want to leave their homes . "  A few days ago , a regime loyalist gang stormed one of the activists ' homes and brought out his wife , undressed her and made her stand on tank as it drove through the neighborhood , " Khaled , an eyewitness told CNN . Residents said the anti-government sentiment is only growing , even after the razing of homes and intimidation of residents . "  The government wants to deny the activists popular support through leveling Meshaa Alarbaeen , " Osamah said . "  But this incident has only fueled more anger here . "	Forces go door to door in Hama telling people to evacuate before demolition begins , residents say Bulldozers have razed 120 buildings and remain active in the area , a resident says The district , which once had 30,000 people , was a hotbed for "  peaceful and militant " opposition The razings and intimidation of residents have "  only fueled more anger , " the resident adds
SHANGHAI , China  CNN  -- When Shi Rui Huan was led through the back entrance of a China Mobile store on the first day of April last year , he had no idea that he was about to be at the center of one of the most significant events in the history of telecommunications in China . Shi Rui Huan , aka , ` the 3G guy ' shows off his 3G phone . Will millions of other Chinese follow his lead ? And he also had no idea that he had just become the victim of the ultimate April Fool 's joke . One of his friends had called the day before , told him there was an important meeting he should attend and to be sure to dress up . It turned out that Shi had been chosen to be the very first person to have the very first subscription ever given out in China for third-generation  3G  mobile phone service . His face appeared in newspapers and on television programs for weeks . Even today he 's still known by many as simply "  the 3G guy . " "  It was like I was like President Hu Jintao , " Shi said jokingly . Shi , a trendy , 31-year-old who works in advertising and can often be spotted wearing his favorite pair of black cowboy boots while smoking gold-tipped cigarettes , is exactly the type of customer China 's mobile phone operators are hoping will be among the first to subscribe for 3G services . First introduced in Japan a decade ago , 3G wireless networks give subscribers faster Internet connections , which means music , movies and games can be downloaded with greater ease , e-mail can be accessed much more quickly and other multimedia applications such as instant messaging and video-conferencing are possible on a mobile phone . After a slow start , 3G is now widely used in Japan and Korea , yet has had less than stellar adoption rates across Europe and in the United States , where uptake has been stymied because of expensive handsets and pricing plans , poor network coverage and lack of consumer interest . For years , Beijing has delayed the rollout of next-generation networks largely to complete technology for its homegrown 3G standard called TD-SCDMA , which many experts say was developed to reduce China 's dependence on foreign technology and spur the growth of its domestic telecom industry . Last spring , the government began testing the new standard among select customers -- Shi was the first -- in a handful of cities and last month announced it would issue 3G licenses to the country 's three state-owned mobile phone carriers . China Mobile , the dominant provider by far , received the license for TD-SCDMA , while China Unicom and China Telecom were given licenses for international standards used in Europe and the United States . The carriers have announced they will collectively spend almost $ 60 billion over the next several years to build their respective 3G networks while the government has set targets for tens of millions of subscribers by 2011 . The billion-dollar question Now that the guessing game surrounding when China would finally issue 3G licenses has ended , many experts are wondering exactly what , if any , impact next-generation networks will have in the biggest mobile phone market in the world . "  That is a million-dollar question , " said Benjamin Joffe , founder of the Beijing-based mobile and Internet consulting firm Plus8Star . "  Essentially if you want to know how a market with 10 years experience is doing , the simplest thing to do is to look at Japan . " While some say the success of 3G in Japan is mostly hype , the country , which has over 80 percent adoption rates , has become home to a "  thriving mobile ecosystem , " said Joffe , noting that second-generation  2G  handsets are no longer sold there . Two of the richest mobile social networking companies in the world are based in Japan , along with a number of other highly profitable firms that have developed cool content and even cooler applications , such as mobile commerce and mobile auctions , for 3G phones . Similar businesses have begun to emerge in China and are creating mobile platforms aimed at the country 's technologically savvy youth , hungry for entertainment on-the-go and turned on by flashy 3G phones . "  It is very good for us , " said Alvin Wang Graylin , whose Shanghai-based mobile search and ad provider mInfo is positioned to directly benefit from 3G 's higher data speeds . " -LSB- Subscribers -RSB- will use more mobile Internet and more mobile data services , leading to more ad inventory , " he said . According to Frost & Sullivan 's senior industry analyst Marc Einstein , even without 3G networks Chinese telecoms already earn over 20 percent of their revenues from non-voice data usage , like text messages and ringtone downloads , which is on par with carriers in the United States where high-speed networks have been in place for years . "  I think this bodes well for future uptake in the market , " said Einstein . "  China is leaps and bounds ahead of most other emerging markets , notably India where the figure is more like 10 percent . " However unlike 3G users in other markets , those in China have considerably less cash , which means its widespread adoption may boil down to one thing : cost . In a country where the average per capita income is only a few thousand dollars a year , next-generation wireless service may be prohibitive for a while . "  In terms of immediate impact on the market , it is going to be very limited just like it was in any other country that launched 3G -- in the first two years , nothing happened , " said Joffe . "  There wo n't be miracles . " Power of the Chinese consumer But if prices are affordable , especially on the handset side , some believe the demand for 3G may be driven by consumers in second - and third-tier cities which simply want to log onto the web . "  Pure Internet usage will be a strong driver , " Nokia spokesman Thomas Jonsson told CNN . "  Today there is already a very high number of Internet users and the first time they enter the Internet is through their mobile phones . " And also for the first time , consumers may have more power than ever to shape the state-controlled telecommunications industry , which was restructured last year to pave the way for 3G and introduce more competition . Faced with China Mobile 's unproved TD-SCDMA network that works mainly with less-than-fashionable handsets from domestic companies , many Chinese may choose to switch the other carriers that have tried-and-tested 3G standards and are compatible with brand name handsets from foreign manufacturers . "  I think consumers will ultimately be smart , and that is a challenge for China Mobile , " Duncan Clark , chairman of consulting firm BDA China , told CNN . "  There is a good market in China , " added Clark . "  Chinese like to adopt technologies and show them off . " Shi , who switches mobile phones at least twice a year , says he already is on the lookout for the next cool handset to flash around in front of his friends . Yet when it comes to talking about being the first-ever 3G subscriber in China , he is slightly less exuberant . "  It is not a very important thing in my life , " he said while smoking one of his golden cigarettes and sipping tea . "  It was just a joke . "	China has restructured mobile market to make way for 3G network and phones 3G slow to be adopted in Europe and U.S. but big in Japan Internet usage will be strong driving factor for adoption of 3G in China Chinese consumers will decide which state-owned mobile network succeeds
CNN  -- In a presidential election dominated by Iran 's conservative ruling clerics and Ayatollah Khamenei 's followers , a virtual female candidate named "  Zahra " rose to compete with the all-male ensemble approved by the country 's Guardian Council . "  Zahra is created to demand fair and free elections and seek respect for our basic human rights , especially for women who were rejected to run in this election ; and others who ca n't have their voices heard in Iran , " said Firuzeh Mahmoudi , executive director of the U.S.-based non-profit organization United4Iran , which ran her online campaign . "  The goal of the Zahra campaign is to expose a corrupt and exclusive political landscape through satire , " said Mahmoudi , adding that he believed creative opposition tactics could help revive people 's hopes and dreams . United4Iran said Zahra received almost 2,000 virtual votes . Her campaign also had nearly 4,000 Facebook supporters , with many from Iran . WATCH : Iranian cartoon popular candidate on the web Amir Soltani -- an Iranian-American writer -- and Khalil , an Arab illustrator based in San Francisco , had previously created Zahra as the main character in an online graphic novel aimed at blurring the line between the virtual space and the real world and showing support for democracy in Iran . In their novel , Zahra searches for her young son "  Mehdi " -- a "  Green Movement " activist -- in the aftermath of the much-disputed 2009 Iranian elections . She eventually finds him dead in "  Zahra 's Paradise , " Tehran 's largest cemetery . Soltani and Khalil were inspired by the true events of the 2009 post presidential election , including the fatal shootings of Neda Agha Soltan and Sohrab Aarabi , whose deaths at peaceful anti-government protests became a rallying cry for the opposition and human rights groups . "  We did not have to bury the body and the dreams of another generation of Iranian youth in dust and dirt . There had to be some ways of turning all that death back into life , some way of defying gravity and turning time around -- for me , that way was to tell the story of a burial in Zahra 's Paradise , " Soltani told CNN . Websites associated with Iran 's government attacked the Zahra campaign for presidency as a "  highly sophisticated and professionally organized plot " launched by the CIA and Zionist agents . Soltani said Zahra 's campaign gained momentum in May , as the international media noticed this fictional character particularly after almost 700 candidates -- including 30 women -- were rejected during the Guardian Council 's vetting process . The council is made up of six clerics and six lawyers and operates under the oversight of Ayatollah Khamenei , Iran 's Supreme Leader . From all those registered , only eight were given the opportunity to run in Iran 's eleventh presidential election and replace the outgoing president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . "  It 's a slap to the people 's face , when a group of 12 old men , almost all of them over 70 , decide who gets to run for presidency ; and determine the faith of a society -- especially , a society where woman are arguably its most vibrant , energetic and bright sector that make up 60 % of its educated class , " said Abbas Milani , an Iran scholar who heads the Iranian Studies Department at Stanford University . In the days leading up to Iran 's presidential election , Ayatollah Yazdi , one of the 12 members of the Guardian Council denounced women 's right to run for president . The semi-official Iranian Mehr news agency quoted Yazdi as saying the "  law does not approve " of a woman in Iran 's highest elected office and that this is "  not allowed . " In March , the Iran Human Rights Documentation Centre said the 1979 revolution that brought Iran 's current regime to power was "  in many respects a point of ` no return ' for women 's rights . " "  Women suffer from severe oppression , whether it 's discrimination in universities by the governing system , or on the street being harassed by the ` morality police ' about what they are wearing and whether or not their head scarves are covering enough of their hair and abiding the regime 's Islamic rules and regulations , " said Sahar Rezazadeh , a student activist who finished her Master 's Degree in Communication in Tehran . Recently , Rezazadeh and her husband Reza took refuge in the United States as her husband was an outspoken reformist and activist in Iran . "  The goal with Zahra 's campaign is to move our basic fundamental human , civil and social rights from dreams to reality ; because by creating our reality , even if not currently political viable , we are introducing possibilities to change the political landscape of today and tomorrow , " said Mahmoudi . A political landscape that former female parliamentarian Fatemeh Haghighatjoo said for the past eight years had "  oppressed people , especially women and youth through a strong militant governing body . " Haghighatjoo served from 2000-2004 and was the first to resign when the Guardian Council banned more than 2,000 reformist candidates from the seventh parliamentary election . In 2005 , she moved to the United States . However , Haghighatjoo said that the election of moderate politician Hassan Rouhani to the presidency had "  created a change in the political landscape . " Rouhani was backed by former reformist President Mohammad Khatami and Iran 's political power-player Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani . During his campaign , he strongly criticized the conservatives and promised social , political and cultural reforms for women . He also promised to create a Ministry of Women 's Affairs to help address women 's issues . "  Rouhani now has the ability to shift the socio-political and cultural landscape of Iran from the old didactic and heavily militant ambiance into a liberal and reformist society that allows change and reform for everyone , especially women , " Haghighatjoo said . "  I just wanted a reformist , someone different , someone who is not a lunatic conservative , " a 25-year-old university student , Roshanak , told CNN via Facebook . Roshanak lives in Tehran and asked that her surname not be used . "  You should have seen the city today -LSB- June 15 -RSB- , for the past eight years you could smell oppression everywhere ; but today , there was liberty , a small sense of freedom , people were genuinely smiling and loud music was no longer banned , you could feel that people were starting to believe again , " she said . But with the Iranian election fading away in the real world , Mahmoudi and the campaign plan to use Zahra 's virtual celebrity to continue to campaign against social and political inequalities for women ; and call for democracy and reform in Iran -- an aspiration that this virtual character says she owes to the "  children of Iran and those we lost like Neda , Mehdi , and Sohrab . " "  Zahra exists for those of us that have nowhere else to turn , to give us a vote for what we believe in , " said Mahmoudi .	"  Zahra " is a fictional character in an online graphic novel made after Iran 's 2009 election Zahra 's creators said she was aimed at showing support for democracy in Iran United4Iran promoted Zahra as a virtual candidate in this year 's presidential elections The campaign said she received nearly 2,000 votes and 4,000 supporters on Facebook
CNN Student News  -- April 30 , 2014 Another round of severe weather strikes the U.S. , concerns are voiced about whether Rio de Janeiro will be ready for the 2016 Olympics , and a British cancer patient turns his bucket list into a list of ways he 's helped others . We also visit a Mexican resort town , and we 'll show you what 's likely the cutest antelope you 've ever seen . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be the pros and cons of getting vacation information from the destination 's tourism website ? Where might you go for additional information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . International Olympic Committee  IOC 2 . tourism 3 . "  bucket list " Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . About how many people in the U.S. were under the threat of severe weather yesterday ? What states were hit by suspected tornadoes ? What aspects of forecasting and communication are helping to save lives during tornado season ? What challenges to dealing with these storms still exist ? 2 . What city is the site of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games ? According to the head of the International Olympic Committee , is the city on track to be ready for this event ? Explain . How has the city 's mayor responded to this claim ? 3 . Where is Puerto Vallarta located ? What are some of the challenges this resort has faced in recent years ? According to its tourism director , how was Puerto Vallarta 's tourism industry affected by these challenges ? What are some of the things the resort is doing to try to lure tourists back ? How do officials respond to the reports of drug violence in the country ? 4 . Who is Stephen Sutton ? What are some of the items on his bucket list ? What did he do with the money people contributed to help complete the list ? What organization is he trying to help ? How much money has he raised for this cause ? How has the bucket list changed his life ? What does Sutton say he 'd like others to get from his story ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What kinds of preparation do you think are necessary for a city planning to host an international event like the Olympics ? Who would need to be involved in these plans ? What measures do you think event officials might use to determine if a city were making adequate progress in its preparation ? 2 . What are some factors you consider when choosing where to go on vacation ? How much do you think about your personal safety when traveling ? Do you take any precautions to protect yourself and your property while on vacation ? Explain . What are some measures you could take to enhance your personal safety while still having a good time ? 3 . What is your reaction to Stephen Sutton 's story ? What do you think others can learn from him ? How might a person fighting a serious illness teach others how not to take life for granted ? Do you know of anyone who is inspirational in this regard ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Lavish weddings on soap operas are commonplace -- beautiful , wealthy characters united amid copious tears , heaps of flowers and exquisite attire . Actresses Tamara Braun and Eden Riegel take part in the wedding as depicted on ABC 's "  All My Children . " Monday 's ceremony on ABC 's "  All My Children " was much the same , except for the couple : Bianca Montgomery and Reese Williams , both wearing designer dresses , united in daytime television 's first lesbian wedding . "  When my character did first come out of the closet , there was a lot of negative reaction , " said Eden Riegel , the actress who plays Bianca . Her character is the daughter of Erica Kane , a longtime mainstay on the show played by Susan Lucci . "  People were very protective of Erica Kane 's daughter , and I think that the beauty of the show is that we were able to reach people and get people sort of used to the idea , " Riegel said . Watch the actress talk about her character and the wedding " The ceremony , portions of which were posted on a Web site dedicated to ABC daytime television and SOAPnet.com , featured both women wearing designer dresses and holding red roses . "  I promise to love you and devote myself to you , " says a tearful Reese , played by Tamara Braun , during the ceremony , her hands in Bianca 's . "  Because standing here with you , it 's where I belong . " Lucci said , "  Once Bianca came out and said she was gay , Erica said , ` But no ! You wo n't get married ! ' Well , now that Bianca is getting married , you know , the other part of Erica is like , ` Hooray ! ' You know ? ' I get to plan my daughter 's wedding after all ! ' " At least one religious group , however , expressed its disapproval of the nuptials . "  I think it is really important to understand that there are a lot of things that people do n't really want to see and do n't want coming into their homes , and lesbian weddings are certainly one of them , " said Glenn Stanton of the group Focus on the Family . But gay and lesbian groups hailed the televised wedding as a victory . "  It 's reality , " said Neil Giuliano , president of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  . "  So when we see a lesbian couple getting married on daytime drama , it simply reflects what 's happening in the real world . " Actress Braun said , "  If you are brave enough to want to get married , especially with the divorce rate as high as it is , then you should have that right no matter what sex you are , who you love , what color you are , how many extra toes and feet you have ... equal rights for all people . " Recent high-profile same-sex weddings included that of talk show host Ellen DeGeneres and her partner , actress Portia de Rossi , last August . However , same-sex marriage remains a hot-button issue in many states -- particularly California . The state was one of several to ban same-sex marriage in the November 4 elections . But unlike the others , California had been issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples since a May 15 ruling by the state Supreme Court legalized the unions . However , California 's Proposition 8 , the measure outlawing same-sex marriage , passed with about 52.5 percent of the vote . Three groups -- the American Civil Liberties Union , gay-rights group Lambda Legal and the National Center for Lesbian Rights -- filed a legal challenge to the vote , asking the state Supreme Court to rule the ballot-initiative process was "  improperly used " to strip away a right protected by the state constitution . The court has said it will hear the appeal , but will not block the implementation or enforcement of the law in the meantime . Arguments in the case could be heard as early as next month . Same-sex marriage is legal in Massachusetts and Connecticut . Rhode Island recognizes same-sex marriages from other states , and Vermont , New Jersey and New Hampshire allow civil unions . CNN 's Lola Ogunnaike contributed to this report .	"  All My Children " episode features characters who take part in a lesbian wedding Ceremony features both women wearing designer dresses and holding red roses Gay and lesbian groups hail the televised wedding as a victory At least one religious group expresses its disapproval of the nuptials
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Kelley Mulfinger thought she would be making a six-figure salary in marketing by her second year out of school . Instead , the University of Virginia alum is teaching a classroom of first-graders how to spell words like "  care . " Kelley Mulfinger says teaching has provided her with job security and a strong sense of purpose . Mulfinger is one of many recent graduates who are turning to lower paying jobs with the help of national service organizations such as Teach for America as the conventional job market shrinks . The 24-year-old signed on to become a teacher in Atlanta , Georgia , two years ago when she could n't find a job that excited her . Now , faced with even bleaker job prospects , she just renewed her contract . Mulfinger says being a teacher means more to her than just having security . "  With the economy the way that it is , I look around and I see my peers losing their jobs or scared for their jobs and it 's really made me reflect on my last two years and how much I 've enjoyed the ability to make an impact every single day , " she said . Watch Mulfinger talk about what teaching means to her " Teach for America received a record number of more than 35,000 applications in 2009 , up 42 percent from last year , spokeswoman Rhonda Stewart said . Stewart attributes the increase in applicants to "  a growing interest in public service " and "  an economy that 's encouraging people to re-evaluate and pursue meaningful careers where they can have an impact right out of college . " See more stories from recent grads who are turning to national service " Smaller nonprofits also appear to be benefiting from the sudden availability of skilled labor . Jonathan Olinger , founder of Discover the Journey , a nonprofit that uses film to draw awareness to children living in crisis , said the economic downturn has proved to be an "  odd but effective motivator " for people to turn to volunteerism . "  Highly skilled people who had been laid off from their jobs in the for-profit sector have been volunteering for us in their new-found time , " he said . " -LSB- It 's a -RSB- validating excuse to finally follow their passion , live a life of purpose and step into something larger than themselves through serving . " AmeriCorps , an independent federal agency that places adults in jobs with local and national nonprofit groups , also says it has seen a 400 percent increase in applications in the past four months . Supporters of AmeriCorps say the experience provides job seekers with benefits including health care and money to help pay off student loans while they give back to their communities . "  National service is a cost-effective , empowering way for citizens to build an America they can be proud of , " said former AmeriCorps volunteer Matt Wilhelm , who parlayed his stint as a volunteer into a full-time job with Calling All Crows , a nonprofit that uses the live musicians to promote human rights . President Obama 's call to service has buoyed nonprofits and service organizations , whose operating budgets have also suffered the effects of the shrinking economy . Such organizations also stand to benefit significantly from legislation passed in the Senate and House to expand funding and incentives for national service programs . The legislation will affect national service programs administered by the federal agency of the Corporation for National and Community Service , more than tripling the number of positions in the AmeriCorps program from 75,000 to 250,000 , for one . The legislation will also develop new positions in the areas of education , clean energy , health care and veteran affairs and create more financial incentives for potential applicants . The bill -- recently renamed The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act -- passed the House by a vote of 275-149 on Tuesday . It is awaiting approval from Obama , who has vowed to sign it . Democrats supported it almost unanimously ; a strong majority of Republicans were opposed . Critics contend the bill is fiscally irresponsible in light of the current economic downturn . They also argue that the concept of volunteerism is undermined by providing financial compensation for community service . "  With the enactment of the landmark Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act legislation , millions of Americans of all ages will be able to serve to address their local community 's most pressing needs , " said Michelle Nunn , CEO of the Points of Light Institute and co-founder of the HandsOn Network , an organization that connects people with volunteer and paid opportunities in community service nationwide . "  The Volunteer Generation Fund provision of this new law will open pathways for organizations like HandsOn Network to apply for funds to train , equip and mobilize our greatest national resource -- our volunteers . "	So far this year , applications for Teach for America are up 42 percent from 2008 Increase attributed to economy that 's encouraging people to re-evaluate careers Small nonprofits also benefit from sudden availability of skilled labor Community service groups stand to benefit from legislation to increase funding
CNN  -- The father of Malala Yousafzai , the teenager whom the Taliban tried to kill , has been given a job in a Pakistan consulate in Birmingham , England , where she is recovering from gunshot wounds to her head and neck , Pakistani officials said Wednesday . Ziauddin Yousafzai has been appointed education attache and will function as head of the consulate 's education section for three years , the Pakistani government said . His job could be extended two additional years . At the time of his daughter 's shooting , Ziauddin Yousafzai ran a school in Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley that kept its doors open to girls -- in defiance of the Taliban . The Taliban forbid girls in the classroom and have threatened to kill anyone who defies them . Malala was shot by gunmen last fall for her crusade about girls going to school . She had blogged fearlessly about girls ' education and accused the Taliban of thriving on ignorance . Her father 's employment fulfills a pledge by Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , who visited Malala in December and assured her father that the government would meet "  all expenses of Malala 's treatment and all the needs of the family while in UK , " a government statement said Wednesday . "  In light of that , the present appointment has been made , " the statement said . On October 9 , Malala was on a school van in Swat Valley when Taliban gunmen stopped the vehicle and demanded that other girls tell them who was Malala . They identified her . Malala was then shot , as were two other girls who survived the attack . "  We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us , " a Taliban spokesman said after the shooting . He vowed to come after her if she managed to live . Islamic militants also threatened to kill journalists covering her story . Since her shooting , Malala has become an international figure . She was selected as runner-up for Time magazine 's Person of the Year for 2012 . CNN and Time are owned by Time Warner Inc. . Malala arrived at Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham on October 16 . A bullet that hit her left brow did n't penetrate the skull but traveled the side of her head under the skin and into her neck , the hospital said . The shock wave shattered the thinnest bone of her skull , and fragments entered her brain , the hospital said . The teen had been in critical condition , but doctors removed the bullet and she has no major brain or nerve damage . Physicians said she will need reconstructive surgery . Malala is walking , writing and reading again . The Islamic militants behind the Taliban continue to repress women in northwest Pakistan . Last month , Malala asked a graduate school not to name its institution after her . Girls were afraid that attending the Malala Yousafzai Post Graduate College for Women in the Taliban-dominated Swat Valley would attract the attention of fighters such as the ones who shot Malala and the two other girls , said Kamran Rehman Khan , a top official in the Swat Valley . The Saidu Sharif Post Graduate School briefly changed its name to recognize Malala 's brave campaign for girls ' education in Pakistan . Several students told Khan that they respect Malala but were concerned about their safety , he said . Khan told CNN that Malala called him last month from her hospital room in England and asked the school to remove her name . But she wished for people to continue to fight for girls to go to school , he said . "  I was so impressed that despite having threats against her life , she was talking about girls ' education in the region and against militants , " Khan said . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Ziauddin Yousafzai , father of Malala , will work in Birmingham , England , consulate He will serve as education attache for three years with possibility of extension The job fulfills a Pakistan government pledge to help the family Malala is being treated in England after being shot in the head by Taliban gunman
The massive hurricane barreling toward the East Coast has both presidential campaigns throwing out their fourth-quarter playbooks , canceling events in the storm 's track and attempting to balance last-minute intensity with a show of compassion for people whose lives could be upended . On Sunday , politicos from both sides said it was still too early to tell how the storm would affect the race , but that access to voting centers would be a concern if effects from the storm persist until Election Day . "  I do n't think anybody really knows , " top Obama adviser David Axelrod said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " about the potential political impact of Hurricane Sandy . "  Obviously , we want unfettered access to the polls because we believe that the more people come out , the better we 're going to do , and so to the extent that it makes it harder , you know , that 's a source of concern . But I do n't know how all the politics will sort out . " Live blog : Hurricane Sandy Virginia 's Republican governor said Sunday his state would take measures to ensure residents are able to vote , despite potential obstacles brought on by the storm . "  We 'll be ready , but we 're planning for contingencies if there 's still a problem , " Bob McDonnell said on "  State of the Union . " He said his state would "  absolutely " make polling centers such as schools and fire stations a top priority for restoring power should widespread outages occur . Another Virginian , Democratic Sen. Mark Warner , predicted on Fox News the "  storm will throw havoc into the race . " Obama , Romney campaigns cancel events ahead of hurricane In Virginia , the effects of a major storm could linger until Election Day . Hundreds of thousands of customers in Northern Virginia lost power for more than week after Hurricane Irene in August 2011 and again in June after a powerful complex of thunderstorms called a derecho moved through . Residents ' priorities might still be dealing with the storm 's aftermath rather than a trip to the polls . Virginia offers early absentee voting only with an excuse , unlike other states that offer less restrictive ways to cast ballots before November 6 . That means the race in the commonwealth will be won or lost on Election Day . North Carolina and Maryland , two other states in the storm 's projected path , offer in-person early voting , which has benefited Democrats in the past . Martin O'Malley , Maryland 's Democratic governor , canceled early voting on Monday in his state . In Delaware , New York , Massachusetts , Connecticut and Rhode Island , residents only have the option of voting early by mail . Hurricane Sandy : 5 things to know Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , predicted Sunday the storm could help boost Obama in the eyes of voters , but said he doubted the image of a strong leader would sway voters after months of campaigning . "  I think that the president of the United States is the commander in chief , " McCain said on CBS . "  The American people look to him , and I 'm sure he will conduct himself and play his leadership role in a fine fashion . So I would imagine that might help him a little bit . But I 'm not sure it will affect votes . People have been exposed to this very long campaign . " Obama is being briefed regularly on the storm 's path , White House officials say , and he will balance his campaign with his responsibilities as president . "  This is an example yet again of the president having to put his responsibilities as commander in chief and as leader of the country first while at the same time he pursues his responsibilities as candidate for election , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday . In a statement Sunday at the headquarters of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , Obama warned Americans in the storm 's path to prepare . "  This is a serious and big storm , " Obama said at FEMA , adding "  you need to take this seriously and take guidance from state and local officials . " Obama advises preparedness ahead of storm While Obama will balance governing and campaigning this week , Romney will also face the task of adopting the right tone during a time of crisis for a large chunk of the East Coast . A top Republican conceded even "  weather-safe " swing states such as Colorado and Ohio might be difficult campaign stops for Romney if Hurricane Sandy devastates the Eastern Seaboard with widespread injuries , deaths or life-threatening situations . Disasters , natural and otherwise , are always a difficult balancing act for politicians of all stripes who do n't want to be seen as uncaring , even if there is little for them to do . "  It gets tricky , " the source conceded . "  Optics are important . " That source said the Romney campaign will "  play it by ear " as the storm unfolds . Romney campaign spokesman Kevin Madden said Sunday afternoon that campaign workers in Virginia "  are doing as much as they can to help with relief efforts . " The former Massachusetts governor and the president have already canceled stops in Virginia , a pivotal swing state expected to be hard hit . Vice President Joe Biden canceled a Saturday event in Virginia and one scheduled for Monday in New Hampshire . Both campaigns cited a desire not to use resources better targeted toward pre-storm preparations . Crowley : Sandy introduces big unknown into campaign Ann Romney , who was slated to campaign in New Hampshire on Monday , canceled her events , and the Romney campaign said the bus that was to be used for her visit would instead be deployed for "  relief efforts throughout the East Coast . " Both campaigns said they were suspending fundraising e-mails to supporters in Virginia , Pennsylvania , North Carolina , New Jersey and the District of Columbia . Obama canceled trips to the battlegrounds of Ohio and Colorado to stay in Washington and monitor the oncoming storm , though a campaign trip to Florida remained on the president 's schedule for Monday . Romney is scheduled to campaign in Ohio , Iowa and Wisconsin on Monday , then in Ohio on Tuesday . A Romney campaign stop scheduled for Tuesday in New Hampshire was canceled late Sunday afternoon , the campaign announced in an e-mai . Opinion : How Sandy will test Obama , Romney Madden said the campaign would continue to update Romney 's calendar , based on where the storm goes . "  The schedule we have locked down for now are in states that are not directly impacted by the storm , " he said . "  But , again , we 're going to continue to update it . We 're going to continue to monitor the situation and stay in close contact with folks that are in the states that have the best information . " This is the second time the campaign has been affected by a major weather event . Hurricane Isaac forced the cancellation of the first day of the Republican National Convention in Tampa , Florida , in August . Asked whether the Romney campaign felt snake-bitten by Mother Nature , Madden said , "  Well , there 's certain things we ca n't control and nature 's one of them . So we just try to have focus on what we can control and part of what we can control is making sure that safety is a priority for the people that are in harm 's way in some of these states that are going to be directly impacted and so that 's a top concern and it 'll remain a top concern . " While the political experts navigated the ramifications of the storm , at least one campaign had more practical matters in mind . Tim Kaine , the Democratic Senate candidate in Virginia , e-mailed supporters to ask them to take their yard signs down during the storm , lest they become projectiles .	Romney and Obama campaigns cancel events because of hurricane Access to voting centers is a concern if storm 's effects linger until Election Day Virginia governor : Measures will be taken to ensure residents are able to vote McCain : Obama 's commander in chief role could help him , but only a little
"  We do n't negotiate with terrorists , " has long been the standard refrain of governments when it comes to violent extremists . But these days , when it comes to the realm of social media , they are at least talking to them . In recent years , the U.S. State Department has launched social media efforts to engage jihadists and their sympathizers online , contesting their claims with the intention of dissuading potential converts to Islamic extremism . "  We are actually giving al Qaeda the benefit of the doubt because we are answering their arguments , " says Alberto Fernandez , coordinator of the State Department 's Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications  CSCC  , which runs the program . "  The way I see it is we are participating in the marketplace of ideas . " That marketplace is now online , and the corners of it dedicated to Islamic extremist talk can be surreal , noisy , sometimes horrifying places . Jihadist social media : Decapitations , appeals for wives Like no conflict before , the Syrian war , the prime focus of the world 's jihadists , is being discussed , disputed -- and waged , in its propaganda aspects -- on social media . The content ranges from the shockingly grisly to the bizarre . Combatants post photos of decapitated heads as trophies of battlefield victories , or images of victims from their own side , captioned with vows to avenge them . Links to grainy phone-camera footage abound , documenting everything from group executions , to a video appeal summoning Muslim women to come to Syria to find a husband among the Islamist rebels . On Twitter , jihadists post their theological quandaries : how to watch football when it means being exposed to men 's bare legs ? Often informed by the memes and language of the broader Internet , the content is disseminated swiftly around the world through a diverse network of jihadists and their supporters , journalists , analysts and onlookers . In this way , social media has become a prime conduit for motivating budding extremists to take up arms . A study recently published by researchers at King 's College London traces how Western-based radical preachers with strong social media influence have inspired a wave of Western Muslims to fight in Syria , where they are now estimated to account for about a quarter of the 11,000 foreign jihadists in the country . In response to this threat , the U.S. government has been "  messaging " in social media in Arabic , Urdu and Somali for three years now , attempting to penetrate the virtual echo chambers of jihadist thought with contrary points of view . But it is only since their English-language Twitter feed was launched in December , becoming a pugnacious new voice in the conversation , that their efforts have increasingly drawn attention -- and raised eyebrows -- in the West . This development has led to the spectacle of the U.S. government publicly bickering with jihadists and their ideological fellow travelers on social media , debating Syria , the War on Terror , "  the clash of civilizations " in 140-character bursts . A typical exchange occurred recently when a pro-jihadist Twitter user admiringly posted an image of a desecrated Buddha of Bamiyan , one of the monumental statues in Afghanistan destroyed by the Taliban in 2001 . The CSCC account tweeted in response : "  Destroying ancient culture out of hatred and backwardness are a feature of al Qaeda 's ideology . " "  Crying about so-called ancient culture when there was no food and children were dying out of hunger , " scoffed the Islamist . "  The shortage of food in Afghanistan was due to Taliban 's disastrous policies , " replied the State Department account . Another user chimed in with a tweet at the State Department : "  Al Qaeda just bombed a kindergarten and school with your funding and guns . " Trolling the terrorists ? Some observers have been dismissive of the State Department 's efforts , conducted under the banner : "  Think Again , Turn Away . " Jonathan Krohn , a journalist who , with a colleague , has launched a Twitter account and podcast dedicated to jihadist social media , and sometimes tussles with the State Department account online , describes their activities as "  trolling . " "  As a psy-op tool , it 's pretty laughable , " he said . "  They target journalists and analysts with as much verve as attacking jihadis . " But others say the efforts appear to having some success at "  getting in the heads " of senior Islamic militants . "  For years , al Qaeda had gotten in the heads of the U.S. government , and the U.S. government had become very sensitive to various al Qaeda talking points , " says Will McCants , a scholar of militant Islam at the Brookings Institution , who was involved in setting up the CSCC . "  I felt there 's no reason why we ca n't return that favor ... The more you can make them think on these points , the more you can damage their credibility and shape their behavior . " For his part , Fernandez , a former U.S. ambassador to Equatorial Guinea , rejects the "  State Department troll " label . "  Some people use that because I think it 's convenient shorthand for an adversarial relationship , " he said . "  To me ,  a troll  ... is a person who is annoying and obnoxious and stupid . Well , we 're none of those things , because we 're answering their charges with facts . " But he admits to drawing on the same emotional arsenal as an Internet troll in the center 's work . "  People who study the Internet more than I do ... mention that the two things that motivate people the most when it comes to social media are comedy and anger , " he said . "  If you 're talking about al Qaeda -- let 's face it , it 's going to be negative . So it might as well be pointed . " ` An ungoverned space ' For the U.S. government , entering the social media fray to argue with terrorists has required a substantial paradigm shift . The default posture had been not to dignify the extremists with a response . But gradually , said Fernandez , the government realized that doing so was simply surrendering ground to their opponents . "  We seek to contest space that previously had been ceded to our adversary , " he said . Al Qaeda tends to thrive in "  the ungoverned spaces of the world , " such as "  the Sahara desert , or places in Somalia or Yemen or Syria . The Internet is also an ungoverned space , so it 's an area of opportunity for them . " Al Qaeda has long publicly acknowledged the crucial importance of propaganda to their cause , he said , with its leader Ayman al-Zawahiri quoted as saying that "  more than half " their battle to win the hearts and minds of Muslims was being waged through media . "  We in the West think kinetic strikes or arresting people or fighting ... that 's important , " said Fernandez . "  Media stuff ... it 's secondary or tertiary . Al Qaeda does n't see it that way . " The aim was also , broadly , to make "  life more difficult for the extremists . " "  It 's very easy if you 're out there and able to say whatever you want and nobody contradicts you , " said Fernandez . READ MORE : Unsettling video shows large al Qaeda meeting in Yemen McCants said the online space taken up by jihadist chatter has expanded and become much more diffuse in recent years , as it had migrated from discussion boards to social media platforms like Twitter , and been increasingly conducted in English . "  There are many more people talking , " he said , adding that while that meant they could be harder to find , "  once you find them you really can insert yourself and engage directly . They have to listen to it , at least until they block you . " Fernandez said the CSCC 's efforts were aimed not at converting extremists -- although "  it would be nice " -- but reaching the wider audience of onlookers that jihadists were trying to influence . "  In a way , we 're picking a fight with the extremists , because the extremists are there to radicalize other people , " he said . Their "  bread and butter " was using jihadists ' own content to make the case against them , he said , such as when they recently hijacked a hashtag in Arabic -- "  accomplishments of the Islamic state " -- that had been started by supporters of the bloodthirsty Islamist militant group ISIS . The CSCC account used the hashtag on 176 tweets that Fernandez said listed the true achievements of ISIS : "  Things like poverty , murder , detracting from the decency of the Syrian revolution , helping the Assad regime by trading oil with them . " Is it working ? Studies have pointed to the potential shortcomings of this kind of work : that the counter-messaging is simply ignored , as Krohn suggests it often is , or stirs up antagonism by providing an opponent for extremists to rally against . So is the project working well enough to justify its 50 staff and a $ 5 million a year budget ? Fernandez says feedback had been positive and the work would continue , although it was difficult to quantify results objectively . "  We are never going to know ... unless they put up their hand and say ' I saw your stuff and decided not to become a terrorist ' , " he said . "  You 're almost never going to get that . " The initiative , already active across Twitter , Facebook and YouTube , would look to branch out to other social media where jihadists were active . "  What about Ask.fm ? What about Instagram ? What about Pinterest ? " said Fernandez . "  In a way , we 're mirroring or shadowing what they do . " McCants said he considered the program "  a qualified success , " and that criticisms of the work tended not to be data-driven . "  I do n't think anyone believes this has been a dramatic blow against terrorism recruitment ... But I think on this particular measure of getting inside the heads of terrorist recruiters and leaders -- at least in the al Qaeda orbit -- it has been successful . " He believed jihadist groups had been rattled by certain of the CSCC 's claims -- in particular , that the victims of Islamic extremists were predominantly other Muslims . It was possible to tell when messaging had struck a nerve , he said , as jihadist leaders would typically respond "  by putting messages out on the discussion boards saying , ` Listen , they 're putting these lies out , do n't engage them ' . " "  We got quite good at this during the Cold War , and then we forgot , because as the only superpower , we did n't really have to do it , " he said . "  But  the U.S. government is rediscovering its skills in this sort of thing . " WATCH : What new video reveals about al Qaeda WATCH : New al Qaeda video raises serious questions	The U.S. State Department has begun engaging with Muslim extremists on social media It hopes to dissuade potential Islamic militants by presenting an alternative viewpoint Some have derided the initiative as ` trolling , ' while others say it is rattling jihadist leaders Social media has become a vital recruiting ground for Islamic extremists
CNN  -- Rock star Joan Jett was removed from a parade float representing South Dakota in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade after ranchers protested her appearance , saying she 's a vegetarian and a critic of their livestock production . Jett is a supporter of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , the world 's largest animal rights group that promotes a vegetarian diet and condemns factory farms and ranches . "  I 've decided to switch from South Dakota to another float because people 's political agendas were getting in the way of what should be a purely entertainment driven event , " Jett said in a statement Saturday . "  I will remain focused on entertaining the millions of people watching , who will be celebrating a great American tradition . " The trade group for ranchers in South Dakota complained about Jett 's placement on the state 's float for the New York parade , CNN affiliate KEVN reported . "  So , of course , when we learned that about Miss Jett , we were rightly concerned about her representing South Dakota and a state that is so heavily reliant on agriculture and livestock production to drive our economy , " Jodie Anderson of the South Dakota Cattlemen 's Association told the station . A Macy 's spokesman said Jett and her Blackhearts band will be moved to another float , and another undetermined performer will take Jett 's place on the South Dakota float , the affiliate said . A PETA leader said the controversy reflected what the group deems as problems in the cattle industry . "  Thanks to South Dakota 's reactionary ranchers , people across the country have learned why Joan Jett supports PETA . The meat trade ca n't stand any scrutiny of its cruelty , " PETA Senior Vice President Dan Mathews said in a statement . Many celebrities who support PETA have appeared on previous Macy 's parade floats or performed without controversy , PETA spokeswoman Moira Colley said . They include "  Glee " actress Lea Michele , Jay McGuiness of "  The Wanted " , singer Jay Sean , Alan Cumming and Carrie Underwood , Colley said .	Other celebs who support PETA have been on parade floats without controversy Jett says she wants to be on another float because of "  people 's political agendas " "  We were rightly concerned about her representing South Dakota , " ranchers ' rep says Jett supports PETA , which says "  the meat trade ca n't stand any scrutiny of its cruelty "
Three suspects were charged Tuesday for their alleged roles in a vicious mob beating of a Detroit tree trimmer after a car accident last week . Bruce Edward Wimbush Jr. , 17 , Wonzey Saffold , 30 , and James Deontae Davis , 24 , are three of the dozen or so people who attacked Steven Utash after he inadvertently struck a 10-year-old boy who had stepped into a road , Detroit Police Sgt. Michael Woody said . Utash , a 54-year-old grandfather , immediately stopped his vehicle to help the boy and was allegedly "  severely beaten " with "  fists and feet , " Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a news release . He 's been in a medically induced coma since . Detroit Police Chief James Craig would n't go so far as to the attack a "  hate crime , " but , he said , "  the issue of race is being looked at " as a possible motive . He gave credit to a woman who stepped in as Utash was being attacked , CNN affiliate WDIV reported . "  Just her presence , offering aid to this gentleman , may have saved his life , " Craig said . That woman , Deborah Hughes , met Utash 's son to talk about what happened . "  I went to your dad and he was unconscious . He was n't doing anything , " she said , WDIV reported . "  I go over there and I say , ` Do n't nobody else hit him . Do n't put your hands on him . Leave him alone ! ' And everybody backed up and let me go to work on your dad , " said Hughes , a retired nurse . She told WDIV that Utash gained consciousness at one point and asked , "  Is the boy dead ? " His son , Joe Utash , thanked Hughes for everything she did . "  I know that you saved him and that means so much to us , " he said , WDIV reported . The prosecutor 's office said the boy who was struck by Utash 's truck was taken to a local hospital and treated for a leg injury . Woody said that he was unsure of the extent of the boy 's injuries but that he is at home recovering from the accident . All three have been charged as adults with assault with intent to murder and assault with intent to do great bodily harm . A fourth suspect , a 16-year-old boy , was also arrested , but prosecutors are still deciding if he will be charged as an adult . None of the charged suspects are believed to be related or linked to the boy or his family , said Jennifer Moreno , a police public information officer . She says the beating was "  a spontaneous response . " But some are asking whether the beating last Wednesday reflects a state of racial tension in the Motor City : Utash is white . The child he hit with his truck is African-American , as are all of this alleged assailants , Moreno said . Local defense attorney Cliff Woodards II says the lack of outrage in the African-American community reveals hypocrisy among its leaders . "  Imagine , though , if this happened to a black tree trimmer who was passing through Roseville ? " wrote Woodards , who is African-American , in a Facebook post he titled "  Shame On Us . " Roseville is the suburb Utash hails from . "  Al Sharpton would have been on a plane before the man got out of surgery . Local community leaders and pastors would have taken to the airwaves and the pulpits in search of justice for this fallen hero . " Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan and City Council President Brenda Jones issued a statement Friday in response to outrage over the incident , asking for calm and patience from all Detroiters , but made no mention of race . "  This senseless vigilante style attack is not the essence of who we are as Detroiters and will not be tolerated , " the statement said . Utash 's daughter , Felicia Utash , told CNN affiliate WXYZ that she does n't want to believe the assault on her father was a hate crime , but she is pleased that suspects have been apprehended . She , along with her brother and sister , have set up a GoFundMe.com page for their father , who they say does not have health insurance . Donations have exceeded $ 135,000 in four days . Police are still searching for the remaining suspects . "  By no means are we through with this investigation , " Woody said .	Detroit police chief credits woman for stepping in , possibly saving driver 's life Three suspects charged for alleged roles in the beating of a driver after a car accident Four people are in custody ; prosecutors debate whether to charge 16-year-old as an adult The driver was severely beaten by a mob after accidentally injuring a boy , officials say
Lawyers for presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. say he is not dangerous and should eventually be released from a government mental hospital . But prosecutors are fighting that , saying Hinckley has been deceptive about his activities while on visits to his mother in Williamsburg , Virginia . A hearing began in Washington on Wednesday to determine the future of Hinckley , who shot President Ronald Reagan and three others in March of 1981 . He was found not guilty by reason of insanity in 1982 . In opening statements , prosecutor Sarah Chasson said Secret Service agents will testify they performed surveillance on Hinckley without his knowledge earlier this year when he was allowed what he was told was unsupervised free time in Williamsburg . On several occasions in July and September , Hinckley was supposed to go to the movies or shopping but instead went to bookstores where he looked at books about Ronald Reagan and presidential assassins , Chasson said . A requirement of Hinckley 's current visitation program is that plans be laid out detailing what he will do when on his own and that medical staff and the Secret Service are informed . According to Chasson , in the first instance in July , Hinckley was supposed to go to the movie "  Captain America . " Later when he saw his "  treatment team , " Hinckley not only maintained he had gone to the movie , but he enthusiastically recommended it . Chasson also quoted from a 1987 diary entry by Hinckley in which he said "  Psychiatry is a guessing game " and doctors "  will never know the true John Hinckley . " "  The hospital does n't know what Mr. Hinckley is thinking and he wants it that way , " the prosecutor said . Hinckley 's attorney , Barry Levine , said the issue is not whether Hinckley has sometimes been deceptive but whether he is dangerous . "  This man is not dangerous and the evidence shows he is not dangerous , " Levine said . He added that Hinckley is "  flawed " but is "  fundamentally decent . " Levine said that in the two and a half decades that Hinckley has been at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington to undergo treatment and during his visits outside that facility , there has "  not been a single act of violence . " Since 1999 , Levine said , Hinckley has been taking a drug called Risperdal . Medical websites describe Risperdal as an antipsychotic medication often used to treat bipolar disorder and schizophrenia . Dr. Tyler Jones , director of psychiatry at St. Elizabeths , testified Hinckley also started taking Zoloft in 2005 after complaining about anxiety . Jones said Hinckley had been diagnosed years ago as suffering from depression and from an unspecified psychotic disorder . But Jones said he 's been in remission for both of those disorders for many years . He said Hinckley also suffers from narcissism , which has improved but is still present . Jones said he has interviewed Hinckley but has not treated him . According to Jones , Hinckley 's treatment team was informed by the Secret Service that Hinckley had not told the truth about his activities during several visits . Jones said the medical staff discussed this issue with Hinckley , who initially did not appear to view the issue as a big deal , but later understood it was a serious issue . Although concerned Hinckley was not truthful about his activities , Jones said , "  We did n't feel this constituted an increased risk . " The staff decided to reduce Hinckley 's Christmas visit to his mother from 10 days to five days , and he will not be allowed to have any unaccompanied activities during that December stay . Jones said the staff had considered stronger action including the possibility of revoking Hinckley 's privileges altogether . A September filing by prosecutors said Hinckley "  continues to be deceptive regarding his relationships with and interest in women . " According to the document , in June of 2009 he went on the Internet to find photos of his female dentist . "  When he was caught , Hinckley claimed , falsely , that the dentist had invited him to view her personal photographs . " Asked about the photographs of the dentist , Jones said the photographs were of the woman graduating from dental school and were "  not salacious . " He said the hospital considers Hinckley "  a low risk of violence to himself and others . " Currently , Hinckley is allowed to visit his mother 10 days a month . On July 29 , St. Elizabeths Hospital filed a proposal to increase that . The first step would allow Hinckley to have two visits of 17 days . That would be followed by six visits of 24 days . According to the September government filing opposing the plan , the hospital would then "  be given the sole discretion to place Hinckley on convalescent leave in his mother 's hometown . " After the judge and all the lawyers were in place , Hinckley , now 56 , entered the court wearing a brown sports jacket , dark pants and a striped tie . He shook hands with all his lawyers and sat down . U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman greeted Hinckley and he replied , saying , "  Good morning . " Hinckley 's defense team has listed him as a possible witness at the proceedings but has not revealed if he will definitely testify . Prosecutors want to cross-examine Hinckley and his defense lawyers oppose that . Mental health experts and Secret Service agents will testify , along with Hinckley 's brother and sister . Hinckley 's mother is now 85 years old and is not a scheduled witness . The hearing is scheduled to run about a week and a half . It 's not clear how quickly the judge might issue a ruling on the hospital 's plan to gradually allow Hinckley greater freedom . On March 30 , 1981 , Hinckley waited for President Reagan to leave a Washington Hotel after a speech . He opened fire and hit Reagan , his press secretary , James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington police officer Thomas Delahanty . All survived , but Brady suffered a serious head wound that permanently affected his mobility and his speech . Hinckley , who was 25 at the time of the shooting , was enamored of actress Jodie Foster . He left a letter addressed to her in his Washington hotel room saying , "  Dear Jodie . There is a definite possibility I will be killed in my attempt to get Reagan . "	Defense attorneys want John Hinckley to be transitioned out of a mental hospital "  The hospital does n't know what Mr. Hinckley is thinking , " the prosecutor says The hearing may determine whether to eventually free him from a mental hospital After John Hinckley shot Reagan , he was found not guilty by reason of insanity
CNN  -- Penny Ireland 's family is so scattered around the world that Facebook , the popular social networking site , has become the family 's No. 1 way to communicate . The fastest-growing age group on Facebook is women older than 55 , Inside Facebook says . "  We call it our living room , " the 56-year-old mother said by phone from her home in Houston , Texas . "  Everybody can tell what everybody else is doing . " "  Everybody " includes Ireland 's five kids and her 83-year-old mother , who has a Facebook profile she accesses daily , Ireland said . While online social networks like Facebook , Twitter and MySpace are known hang-outs for younger adults and teenagers , older generations in recent months have been taking to the medium at a faster rate than any other age group , according to industry reports . Many of these older folks use social networks to keep tabs on younger family members and they often find fruitful connections with their peers after they 've friended all of their kids and grandkids , according to an informal survey by Stanford University professor BJ Fogg . Join a conversation on this topic at CNN 's Facebook page The trend is still relatively confined . Only about 7 percent of people older than 65 have online social-networking profiles , according to research from the Pew Internet & American Life Project . But Facebook 's popularity is growing most quickly among women older than 55 , according to a site called Inside Facebook , which tracks Facebook 's growth . There are now about 1.5 million female users older than 55 on the site , the group says -- roughly a 550 percent increase over six months ago . By comparison , membership among people younger than 25 grew by less than 20 percent over the same period , Inside Facebook says . Facebook now says it has 200 million users , making its user base larger than the populations of all the world 's countries except China , India , the United States and Indonesia . Such a vast presence , coupled with news media buzz about all social media , has pushed online social networking to a "  tipping point , " said Amanda Lenhart , a senior research specialist at the Pew Internet & American Life Project . Fogg , the Stanford instructor , said the trend has spread outward from college towns , where Facebook was first adopted , and inward from the American coasts . Facebook today has a global presence , with 70 percent of users living outside the U.S. , the site says . "  We 've reached critical mass where there 's been enough talk about Facebook and people have gotten so many invitations from their friends , they 're going , ` OK , what is this Facebook thing ? I 've got to get onboard or I 'm going to be left in the dust , ' " Fogg said . Parents who are interested in their kids ' online activities contribute to the sharp increase in older users on Facebook , said Linda Fogg-Phillips , a 49-year-old who , with her brother , co-taught a six-week class at Stanford called "  Facebook for Parents . " "  Parents are finally at the point where they realize this is not going away . They better figure out how to get on it and they 'd better figure out how to use it , " said Fogg-Phillips , who is a mother of eight in Las Vegas , Nevada . "  It 's a snowball effect . It 's viral in a good sense . " Older people often must overcome fears about privacy issues before they will join Facebook , Fogg-Phillips said . Once they do , they often find unexpected uses for the network , she said . iReport.com : Facebook , Twitter growing pains ? That was the case for Craig Costa , a 55-year-old fly-fishing guide in Park City , Utah , who said family members forced him to join Facebook . Costa still finds parts of the site annoying , and is n't comfortable having his personal information made public , but he has connected with old friends he would n't have otherwise -- including his ex-wife , who now is a Facebook friend of his current wife . "  It 's been really interesting because so many people have a connection to me , " he said . "  I was married before and my wife is now talking to my ex-wife . And some of her old friends are telling old stories about me to my wife . It 's just bizarre for me . " Costa said he also can more easily keep up with his 28-year-old son , who lives in New York and also keeps a Facebook page for his dog . Karen Essman , 61 , uses Facebook but said she has trouble convincing her peers to join social-networking sites . They often do n't understand the interface or are afraid of scams , she said . "  It 's a little bit more difficult for older people , " she said . Margaret Brooks , 63 , of Idaho Falls , Idaho , joined the site because there was no other place for her to see her 18-year-old grandson 's artwork . She asked to be his friend online , and at first she worried he would n't respond . "  I did think , ` Oh my goodness , I 'm old grandma . He does n't want to have anything to do with grandma on Facebook , ' " she said . "  But he did , and every time I send something to him he sends something to me . " Joanne Woeppel joined Facebook so she could keep tabs on her 13 grandkids . But the Web site also has helped the 71-year-old keep up with other people without changing her routine . "  I 'm pretty much what you would call a loner . I 'm content in my own company . I can find things to do to entertain myself that I do n't need to be out and about , " she said by phone from her three-bedroom house near Dallas , Texas . "  I do n't go out to socialize . " A former call center worker and aspiring sci-fi author , Woeppel visits the online social network about once a day . Spending time on Facebook , which she joined in September , helps her feel connected to family all over the country -- especially to the youngsters , she said . She has family members who live nearby , but says she 's found a way to communicate with them in their own language through Facebook . "  Let 's face it , kids that age are n't really interested in talking to people my age very much . It 's more , ` Hi grandma how are ya ? ... Bye ! ' " she said with a laugh . "  That 's basically what I get from my grandkids , so if I can engage them through just a little bit of chit-chat -LSB- online -RSB- , it 's a lot more than I can get over the phone . "	Women older than 55 make up the fastest-growing age group on Facebook Expert says the site has hit a "  tipping point , " causing older people to join Some older family members use the site to get in touch with younger generations One mother says Facebook has become her family 's "  living room "
CNN  -- Fred Stobaugh of Peoria , Illinois , has written two songs in his 96 years . One was about Branson , Missouri . The other is about his unending love for his wife , Lorraine . Peoria 's Green Shoe Studio introduced Stobaugh to the world in a blog post from June . It describes how the studio received a manila envelope containing a handwritten letter and a page of lyrics for a song titled "  Oh Sweet Lorraine " from him as an entry in its online singer/songwriter contest . The letter described how Stobaugh 's wife had passed away in April , ending their nearly 75-year romance , and his reasons for writing the song . Studio members were so moved by the story and song , they decided to meet Stobaugh . They also decided to professionally record the song and make a short documentary about it . The studio posted the documentary on YouTube in July and on its Facebook page , where it was noticed by fans and friends but went largely unnoticed until recently . In the past few days , it has been featured in Britain 's Daily Mail and on Australian television . It also made the front page of the social sharing platform reddit . Green Shoe Studio did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment . The video features old family photos of Fred and Lorraine , as well as the letter . But he is definitely the star of the show . "  She was the prettiest girl I ever saw . ... I just fell in love with her right there , " he says in the video . "  After she passed away , I was just sitting in the front room one evening by myself , and it just came right to me almost . I just kept humming it and singing it . It just fit her , " Stobaugh says . Near the end , the audience gets to sit with him as he hears the recorded version of the song for the first time . He wipes away tears , and his eyes seem fixed on a faraway place . Finally , he responds quietly , "  It 's wonderful . Just wonderful . " "  Wonderful " is also the response the story is getting from online audiences . "  If you 're going to watch this , " Frank M. posted on YouTube , "  have a hanky handy . " Reddit user sad_little_turtle shared , "  My grandfather passed away earlier this year after spending over 60 years with him I overheard my grandmother one evening talking to his picture , ` Oh John , why could n't you take me with you ? It 's so lonely here without you and I bet wherever you are is a whole lot better than this lonely place . ' As sad as those stories/moments are they make me wish that I get the chance to share an entire lifetime with someone special . "	96-year-old widower writes song for beloved wife Music studio , moved by tribute , records his song "  Oh Sweet Lorraine " has brought tears to eyes around the world
CNN  -- Debra Lafave , the former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker , a Florida judge found Thursday . Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager . She is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18 . But the judge did not send Lafave to jail , saying the violation was "  not willful and substantial . " "  Please do n't come back , " he scolded . Dressed in a tailored , black pantsuit , Lafave said she had "  innocent " physical contact with a female co-worker she knew as under age 18 . Watch Lafave in the courtroom " At the time , she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at Danny Boy 's , a small restaurant in the Tampa , Florida , area . Lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation . Lafave was required to register as a sex offender and ordered not to have any contact with minors . A tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court , prompting the prosecutor to observe , "  I think she 's accounted for . " Lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation . She referred to the sexually explicit conversations at work as just "  girl talk . " Lafave denied talking about her sex life with co-workers . "  I do n't speak that way about my personal life , " she said . But she added that her co-workers spoke freely about sex in a "  small group setting . " While other co-workers socialized outside work , Lafave said , the 17-year-old was not included in those outings . Asked why she hugged the young co-worker , Lafave explained it was a small restaurant with a casual atmosphere where co-workers felt like family . The contact came , she said , "  out of my good nature , that 's the way it worked . " The contacts that led to Thursday 's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests administered as part of Lafave 's court-ordered supervision . She received a verbal reprimand a year ago , according to testimony . When the behavior continued , her probation officer asked a judge to find her in violation . She was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother 's beauty shop . In the past , Lafave has said she suffers from bipolar disorder and is receiving treatment . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Judge finds former teacher in violation of probation in student sex case But judge spares Debra Lafave from jail , warns her "  do n't come back " Lafave 's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The longest and most visible lines in Haiti 's capital are not for food , water or gas . They are for money . Earthquake survivors need cash and are waiting hours outside wire transfer businesses , including Western Union , that are starting to reopen . "  I have no money , " 32-year-old Anderson Bellegarde said Thursday , in his sixth hour standing outside a UniBank money wire branch . The business in Carrefour , near the epicenter of the earthquake and about eight miles from the capital of Port-au-Prince , was operating at a crawl . A line of Haitians loudly pleaded with guards , putting their hands around the blue iron gate and urging to be let in more quickly to access funds wired to them from beyond the disaster zone . Full coverage | Twitter updates Very little currency trickled into Haitian hands Thursday . There was little financial movement in the disaster zone , with most banks remaining shut . Bellegarde looked at the closed bank next to the money transfer station and squinted his eyes . "  That 's where our money 's at , and they 're holding it , " he told CNN Radio . "  We need it so we can buy food . " Basic groceries are relatively easy to find for sale throughout the streets of Port-au-Prince . Those with canned goods , some produce and even ice and bread have formed a massive , impromptu market . But most quake survivors do not have the cash to buy any of it . iReport : List of missing , found | Impact Your World "  I have not eaten for two days , " Bellegarde said , "  I 'm only drinking water . " Banks have been closed since the January 12 earthquake . There were widespread rumors that the Haitian government would force them to open Thursday , but that did n't happen . Now , officials say provincial banks will likely open Friday , and branches in Port-au-Prince will restart business Saturday .	Quake survivors are waiting hours outside wire transfer businesses Banks have remained closed since the January 12 earthquake Basic groceries are easy to find , but people ca n't access their money to buy them Officials say provincial banks will likely open Friday ; Port-au-Prince branches Saturday
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Just hours after the United States warned that North Korea would achieve nothing with threats or provocations , Pyongyang moved a long-range rocket it plans to test fire to a launch pad Monday , a South Korean Defense Ministry official said . A U.S. official said the United States also has seen signs the North Koreans are preparing to launch a long-range rocket . The news broke at the start of a two-day nuclear summit in Seoul that is bringing together leaders from the United States , Russia , China and dozens of other nations to discuss how to deal with nuclear terrorism and how to secure the world 's nuclear material . Overshadowing the summit 's message of international cooperation was an announcement by North Korea that it plans to carry out a rocket-powered satellite launch in mid-April . South Korea has said it considers the satellite launch an attempt to develop a nuclear-armed missile , while U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday such a launch would bring repercussions . "  Here in Korea , I want to speak directly to the leadership in Pyongyang . The United States has no hostile intent toward your country , " Obama said during a speech to students at Seoul 's Hankuk University of Foreign Studies . "  But by now it should be clear , your provocations and pursuit of nuclear weapons have not achieved the security you seek . They have undermined it . " South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said Monday his country would "  thoroughly retaliate against North Korea " if provoked . If the rocket is launched , South Korea is prepared to "  track its trajectory , " said the Defense Ministry official , who did not want to be named . "  There are concerns that parts of the rocket may fall within South Korean territory , " he said . "  If that were to happen it would threaten lives and cause damage to the economy . To guard against that , they  the military  will be tracking the orbit . " The rocket was moved to a launch pad in the northeastern portion of Dongchang-ri , a village in northwest North Korea , the South Korean official said . North Korea says it has a right to a peaceful space program and has invited international space experts and journalists to witness the launch . Prior to Obama 's speech , Pyongyang said it will see any statement critical of its nuclear program as "  a declaration of war . " Using ballistic missile technology is in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1874 and against a deal North Korea struck with the United States earlier this month that , in return for food aid , it would not carry out nuclear or missile tests . "  There will be no rewards for provocations . Those days are over , " Obama said in his speech . "  To the leaders of Pyongyang I say , this is the choice before you . This is the decision that you must make . Today we say , Pyongyang , have the courage to pursue peace and give a better life to the people of North Korea . " The U.N. nuclear watchdog agency 's director general , Yukiya Amano , said the U.S.-North Korea deal is "  not over " despite Pyongyang 's plans to launch the rocket . "  We have established contact at a working level , and they are keeping contact with the North Korean mission in Vienna , " Amano said . "  Nothing has been decided yet . " He said the International Atomic Energy Agency needs to consult with North Korea and other parties involved in the multilateral talks , known as the six-party talks . Obama 's wide-ranging speech also touched on the U.S. commitment to further cut its stockpile of nuclear weapons , and he issued a stern warning to Iran . The president said sanctions have led to the "  slowing " of Tehran 's nuclear program . But it remains a concern . While the president did n't specify the course of action if Iran does not comply with international demands and produces nuclear weapons , he left little leeway for Tehran 's leaders . "  Iran must act with the seriousness and sense of urgency that this moment demands . Iran must meet its obligations , " Obama said . Later , Obama met with his Russian counterpart , Dmitry Medvedev , and the two agreed that there is a window of opportunity to pursue diplomacy and that Iran should take advantage of it , Ben Rhodes , one of Obama 's deputy national security advisers , told reporters . The two leaders also agreed the proposed launch by North Korea would be a violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions , he said . "  There is agreement that provocative acts like this will only increase isolation going forward , " Rhodes said . The rocket launch site is near the Chinese border . China has somewhat of a diplomatic relationship with North Korea , though the relationship between the two countries is limited because of Pyongyang 's routine provocations . As a result , North Korea 's planned launch was front and center in a meeting between Obama and China 's president , Hu Jintao . "  The two leaders agreed to coordinate closely to this potential provocation , and registering our serious concerns , " Rhodes said . The two also agreed there is a broad view in the international community that a satellite launch would be destabilizing , he said . Obama and Hu also discussed North Korea 's new leadership , "  this being a sensitive time on the Korean peninsula , and this being a new leader who is going to take some lessons from what works and what does n't , " Rhodes said . North Korean leader Kim Jong Un took over from his father following the latter 's death in December . "  That 's a conversation President Obama had with both China and Russia , " Rhodes said . " ... I think they also share a frustration with the choices the new leadership has made as well . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Tim Schwartz , Becky Brittain , and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korea says it will retaliate if provoked A U.S. official says there are signs the North Koreans are preparing a launch China and the United States agree a rocket launch would be destabilizing North Korea moves a long-range rocket to a launch pad in Dongchang-ri , an official says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man dubbed "  the Field Marshal " by one advocacy group for alleged third-world arms dealing has been arrested on charges that he conspired to illegally export U.S. F-5 fighter jet engines and parts to Iran . An Iranian F-5 fighter jet lands in southern Iran during a military exercise on June 23 , 2009 . Jacques Monsieur , 56 , a Belgium native who currently lives in France , was arrested Friday in New York , officials said . An indictment also charges Dara Fotouhi , 54 , an Iranian living in France , with participating in the alleged crime . Fotouhi remains at large , official said . Monsieur pleaded not guilty at an arraignment Wednesday in Mobile , Alabama , where he is being held . He and Fotouhi are charged with conspiracy , money laundering and smuggling , as well as violations of the Arms Export Control Act and the International Emergency Economic Powers Act . According to the indictment and an affidavit filed in the case , both are experienced arms dealers who have been actively working with the Iranian government to procure military items . The F-5 Freedom Fighter , also called the Tiger , is built by Northrop and is used by the U.S. military for training . It is also sold overseas as a combat aircraft . The F-5 engine and parts are listed on the U.S. Munitions List and may not be exported from the United States without a license from the State Department , said John Morton , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and they can not be exported to Iran without a license from the Treasury Department . In a 2002 report by the Center for Public Integrity , a citizen advocacy group , Monsieur was nicknamed "  the Field Marshal " for allegedly acting as a middle-man in numerous arms deals with war-torn countries . The center 's report said Monsieur is "  believed to be among the biggest arms traffickers in Europe " and said he "  violated a United Nations embargo by shipping arms to Bosnia and Croatia during the long , bloody conflict in those countries , with the approval , he later claimed , of both the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and the ... French domestic intelligence service . " Morton said his agency launched an investigation in February when Monsieur contacted an undercover federal agent and indicated he wanted to buy engines for F-5 or C-130 aircraft for export to Iran . In subsequent e-mails to the agent , Monsieur requested engines for F-5 jet fighters . Officials said the engines could be used as replacements in fighters sold to Iran by the United States before the imposition of sanctions in 1995 . In March , Monsieur met with the undercover agent in Paris and again requested engines and parts , the indictment alleges . They met again in May in London , where Monsieur introduced Fotouhi as a business associate and again discussed the export of F-5 engines to Iran , according to the indictment . During this negotiation , it says , Monsieur and Fotouhi asked the agent if he could use U.S. shipping or export authorization documents that falsely indicated the items were going to Colombia . In July , Monsieur and Fotouhi wired about $ 110,000 from a bank in the United Arab Emirates to one in Mobile , Alabama , the indictment says . "  The two believed the funds would be used for the purchase of F-5 aircraft parts , " Morton said . Monsieur indicated he would deposit an additional $ 300,000 as a down payment for the purchase of two jet engines . "  This is part of our long-standing efforts to ensure that sensitive military equipment is not exported in violation of U.S. law and against the international interests of the United States , " Morton said .	A man dubbed "  the Field Marshal " allegedly tried to get F-5 engine parts for Iran F-5 built by Northrop ; used by U.S. military for training ; used overseas for combat Immigration and Customs Enforcement launched investigation Arrest part efforts to stop improper export of sensitive military equipment
CNN  -- Imagine for a moment that we lived in a world where two million children under the age of five were dying every year of diseases that were entirely preventable . Imagine that this world was divided in two , where in one half children were free from this scourge and the other half lived in fear of these diseases which threatened their families every single day . "  Mostly it is our children that are affected . I lost two of my children , a boy and a girl and my sister also lost two of her children ; two boys . The first one of mine was two years and the recent one who died just two weeks old . " These are n't the lines from a dystopian Brothers Grimm story , or a page lifted from the dark ages of our history . These are the words of Yenge Koroma , who lives in Vaama in Sierra Leone . This is our world today . Globally nearly a third of under-five child deaths are attributable to just two diseases , pneumonia and diarrhea . Between them , they account for around two million young lives a year , with nearly 90 % of these deaths occurring in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia . Last year , UNICEF and the World Health Organization launched a Joint Action Plan , which WaterAid strongly supports , to help tackle these two child killers together . These organizations recognized that alongside vaccines and treatments like oral rehydration salts , access to safe drinking water , basic sanitation and good hygiene are vital in helping to prevent these diseases . As Yenge puts it : "  The cause of the sicknesses is the water we are drinking . That water is polluted . There is dirt in the water and sometimes fish die in the water mysteriously . Sometimes we launder in that water ; we use the water as toilet . All this is really making the water unhygienic but we have no other source . It is the same water we are drinking and that water I believe is really the cause of the sicknesses in this community . " Her story is far from unique . Globally 1 in 10 people are without safe drinking water , while over a third of the planet  36 %  goes without basic sanitation . In Sub-Saharan Africa the situation is that much more desperate , with 35 % going without an improved water source , and a staggering 70 % without safe sanitation . This lack of access to such basic and essential services has devastating consequences for people 's health . According to the U.N. as many as half the hospital beds in the developing world are being used at any one time by people suffering from waterborne diseases . Economists at the World Health Organization have calculated that a lack of access to these services is costing developing countries $ 35 billion every year , in healthcare costs alone . When looking at the full range of productivity losses this figure jumps to $ 260 billion . This devastating loss of life and the economic costs can be tackled if governments , civil society and the private sector work together to address this crisis . Addressing this crisis requires collaboration and innovative partnerships and WaterAid works with organizations like the U.N. , the World Health Organization , with governments , businesses , academia and our colleagues and partners around the world to advocate for the step change in approach we need to see to get these services out to the communities that desperately need them . WaterAid works in Sierra Leone and 25 other countries around the world , providing some of the world 's poorest people with access to these basic services . Since 1981 WaterAid has reached 19.2 million people with safe water and 15.1 million people with sanitation , and we are proud to be the world 's largest international NGO focused entirely on water , sanitation and hygiene . We are approaching a crucial point . Next year , governments from around the world will finalize their negotiations to decide on a new set of Sustainable Development Goals to eradicate extreme poverty by 2030 . These goals will help to shape the progress and priorities in the developing world for the next decade and a half . WaterAid believes that these new Sustainable Development Goals should include a dedicated commitment from governments for everyone everywhere to have access to water , sanitation and hygiene . Access to these services is the crucial first step in tackling killer diseases , and in helping lift people out of debilitating poverty . A third of the U.N. member countries have already signaled that this should be a priority , and we agree . Access to sanitation , water and hygiene are fundamental for a decent and productive life . We must not lose this opportunity to act and help end preventable child deaths .	Pneumonia and diarrhea kill around two million young children a year Providing clean water and sanitation can help tackle these diseases Globally 1 in 10 people are without safe drinking water New Sustainable Development Goals should include access to water and hygiene , argues WaterAid
CNN  -- A month ago , Google 's three-year effort to push its Web browser , Chrome , took a major step when analysts said it had passed Mozilla 's Firefox to become the second-most popular tool of its kind on the Internet . Today , that climb continues and has some tech observers wondering whether Chrome could do the unthinkable and topple perennial leader Internet Explorer from atop the browser rankings . According to Web analytics firm StatCounter , the most popular version of Google 's browser , Chrome 15 , edged out Internet Explorer 8 in early December to become the world 's most used edition of a browser .  For those keeping score , the totals were 23.6 % of worldwide browser usage compared to IE8 's 23.5 % . When all versions are considered , Chrome accounted for more than 27 % of all worldwide browser use at the beginning of December , an increase of about 1.5 % over the previous month . That 's compared to about 37 % for Internet Explorer , which dropped 2 % from November , according to StatCounter . Now in third place , Firefox remained mostly steady with about 25 % of the browser market . Trailing far behind is Apple 's Safari , with about 6 % . The numbers can vary in the browser race depending on who is counting . Web surveying firm Net Applications still has Explorer at 52 % , Firefox at 22 % and Chrome at 19 % . But that represents a 10-point drop by Explorer since 2010 , while Chrome use more than doubled and Firefox remained flat . Gartner analyst David Mitchell Smith thinks Chrome has gathered momentum because it is a strong product . "  People like it because it 's fast , " he said . "  Google has done a nice job advertising it recently , so that 's increased awareness . " Since its rollout , reviews have been generally positive about Chrome . While some call it a work in progress , many have praised its features and speed . "  Super-fast browsing performance , now with hardware acceleration . Excellent security through sandboxing and malware warnings . Instant site prediction and loading , " PCMag wrote in a review of Chrome 15 , giving it 41/2 out of 5 stars . The review also praised it for strong support for the emerging HTML5 coding system amd built-in Flash player , while dinging it for still not being compatible with a handful of sites . Smith also said people are more aware than ever that they have a choice of browsers . Internet Explorer has been the dominant browser for more than a decade , at least in large part because it comes installed on Windows machines . "  This was happening even more so when there was a real big difference between what you could get from someone else and what Explorer was , " he said . "  Now , that 's not the case . Explorer 9 is pretty competitive with the other browsers , so maybe there 's not as much need to go away from it . " StatCounter CEO Aodhan Cullen attributed at least part of Chrome 's rise to its increased use among businesses . "  Google announced Chrome for business exactly a year ago and IT administrators appear to have embraced it in a remarkably short time , " he said . Chrome use already had overtaken Explorer on weekends , when personal use presumably trumps office use , since October . But Chrome 15 became the more popular from Monday to Friday on December 5 , he said . Microsoft , putting a positive spin on the numbers , emphasized that Explorer 's latest  and generally well-received  version , IE9 , is rapidly gaining ground as use of IE8 drops . IE9 was released in March . To its credit , Microsoft is also celebrating the demise of Internet Explorer 6 . Widely reviled by Web developers and many users from the start , use of that version dropped below 1 % in the United States last month , with Microsoft spokesman Roger Capriotti writing on the Windows blog that the company is breaking out the champagne and "  as eager as anyone to see it go away . " The statistics Microsoft used on its blog , which showed Chrome use mostly flat , only looked at browser usage on Microsoft 's Windows 7 operating system . The rise of Chrome comes as Google has expanded beyond its core product -- its search engine -- into such areas as mobile operating systems  Android  and social networking  Google Plus  . Chrome has been a high point for Google in what has developed into a two-front clash of tech titans with Microsoft . While Google tries to erode Explorer 's browser share , Microsoft is taking aim at Google 's longtime dominance in search . Launched in 2009 , Microsoft 's Bing has tried to make Web search a true two-way race . And while Google 's stranglehold on that market is still strong , Bing has chipped away . In December , Bing captured about 15 % of the search market , compared to 61 % for Google , according to Experian Hitwise . One victim of Google 's success  not to mention deep pockets  has been Firefox , long a favored browser among tech-savvy types . "  They  Mozilla  were not coming out with a lot of releases and new features for some time , " Smith said . "  They 've really tried to change that in the last year , but perceptions got made during that time frame . "  They were the ones that were the sole recipient of the browser change -- they were the alternative browser for most -- but now they have to split that role with Google . " Whether Chrome 's rise will continue remains to be seen , he said . Web users only tend to seek out a new browser if the one in front of them is lacking , and Internet Explorer appears to have stemmed that tide somewhat . "  Three or four years ago , if you wanted tabs , you had to go to another browser . If you wanted something fast you had to go to another browser , " Smith said . "  That 's not the case any more . "	Google 's Chrome browser continues to gain on market leader Internet Explorer Analysts say Chrome has 27 % of the browser market , trailing only IE at 37 % Chrome 's rise is part of a two-front Google vs. Microsoft duel that includes Web search Gartner analyst : New IE9 may help slow Chrome 's rise
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- At least 49 members of a wedding party are feared dead after a flash flood overturned a bus carrying them in the frontier Rajouri district of Indian-administered Kashmir , as heavy rain has caused flooding that has killed 20 other people . A senior government official told CNN that the bus was on its way to Lam village near Nowshehra in Rajouri , 150 kilometers  93 miles  north of the city of Jammu , when fast water overturned it on a causeway . "  A massive operation is on to recover the bodies from the flooded stream . However , our efforts are being hampered by heavy rains and strong currents , " said Jatinder Singh , a Rajouri district magistrate . He said the bus was carrying more than 50 passengers . "  Some passengers managed to jump off the bus . ... The exact number of passengers is not known yet . I do n't think there will be any survivors now , " he added . Heavy rain has been falling in Indian-administered Kashmir since Tuesday . The weather has put government authorities on high alert . Many villages and urban areas , including capital of Srinagar , have been inundated , with all waterways flowing above their danger marks . According to an official statement , flooding has claimed 20 other lives so far , and 50 homes have been damaged across the state . More than half a million sandbags have been prepared , the statement said , adding that people in flood areas are being told to move to safety . The Indian air force has been asked to keep an air rescue plan in place , the statement said . The local meteorological office has forecast no change in the weather until late Friday . Tour bus accident in Tibet kills at least 44	Victims , from in a wedding party , were swept off a causeway in Indian-administered Kashmir Rain has caused flooding that has killed 20 other people , an official statement says Heavy rain has been falling in the area since Tuesday , putting authorities on high alert . Fifty homes have been damaged across the state , according to the statement
CNN  -- About 83,000 Defense Department employees and contractors with security clearances to protect the nation 's secrets have delinquent federal tax debts totaling $ 730 million , according to an internal government audit . The findings in the new Government Accountability Office study raise security concerns for the U.S. government . Officials say employees and contractors who have financial problems are top targets of foreign intelligence agents . Federal regulations governing security clearances say that a person "  who is financially overextended is at risk of having to engage in illegal acts to generate funds " and that indebtedness should be among factors considered when someone applies for a clearance , the GAO study said . But the study found that government agencies in charge of the issue ca n't readily collect data on tax debt , in part because IRS privacy rules prohibit sharing certain taxpayer data . The GAO study is expected to be released Monday . CNN reviewed a copy prior to the release . The study comes as federal intelligence and law enforcement officials are grappling with ways to tighten access to classified information in the wake of major unauthorized disclosures carried out by insiders cleared to handle the nation 's most sensitive secrets . Edward Snowden , a former NSA contractor , and Bradley Manning , an Army private who now calls herself Chelsea Manning , passed the required background checks to obtain their security clearances . Snowden , under Russian government protection in Moscow , is charged with releasing to reporters millions of NSA surveillance documents . Manning was convicted of violating the Espionage Act , for releasing thousands of diplomatic cables and military documents . The 83,000 employees and contractors with tax debt in the GAO study are among 3.2 million people who the Pentagon says held or were approved for secret , top secret , SCI -LSB- sensitive compartmented information -RSB- and interim security clearances from January 2006 to December 2011 , the period covered by the GAO study . The $ 730 million in tax debt was as of June , 30 , 2012 , the most recent data analyzed by the study . Most accrued their unpaid tax debt after they received their clearances . Of the 83,000 with tax debt , about 4,800 had IRS liens against their property . About 28 % or 23,000 of them were subject to wage garnishment and other collection tactics by the IRS to collect taxes owed . According to the GAO , the Pentagon distinguishes between those who are eligible for access to classified information and a smaller subset of those who "  need to know " and are therefore granted access to classified documents . But even by that measure , the numbers are problematic . The GAO found 26,000 Defense Department employees and contractors with access to classified information owed about $ 229 million in delinquent tax debt . There are now 5.1 million federal employees and contractors eligible or holding security clearances , a number hard to police , government officials say . The Office Director of National Intelligence , which is developing new procedures to tighten the security clearance procedures , agreed with the GAO 's recommendation that tax debt be more readily available to investigators who gather background data on applicants for security clearances . The problem is the government is still struggling with technology that could provide automated tax debt information on applicants at the time of their application and during the time the security clearance is valid , according to the GAO . There are also privacy restrictions that limit what data the IRS can provide on taxpayers . Obama offers populist message on corporate taxes at end of fundraising trip Edward Snowden 's interview : 10 things we learned Review board finds potential for abuses in NSA phone , Internet surveillance	Findings raise security concerns for the U.S. government Officials say employees and contractors with financial problems are top targets of foreign intelligence agents Study comes as U.S. seeks ways to tighten access to classified information
CNN  -- Arjen Robben proved the difference for the second time in four days as Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Freiburg 2-1 to leapfrog Schalke at the top of the Bundesliga . The brilliant Dutchman put the Bavarian giants into the quarterfinals of the Champions League with his stunning strike against Fiorentina on Tuesday and worked his magic again at the Allianz Arena . Cedric Makiadi had put struggling Freiburg ahead in the 31st minute , but Robben equalized in the 76th and then converted a 83rd-minute penalty to give Bayern an invaluable three points . It leaves them two points clear of Schalke , who went temporarily top after a 2-1 lead against Stuttgart . Makiada 's fine strike left Hans Joerg-Butt with no chance and a shock looked on the cards as Louis van Gaal 's men appeared jaded after their midweek heroics . But Robben cropped up to drill home his ninth of the season and his 10th came after Thomas Mueller was fouled to win a penalty . Earlier on Saturday , Borussia Dortmund moved up to fourth spot with a 4-1 win at Bochum with Argentina star Lucas Barrios scoring twice in three minutes in the second half to seal victory . Defending champions VfL Wolfsburg picked up their fourth-straight Bundesliga win under caretaker coach Lorenz-Guenther Koestner as they beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 4-0 to move up to eighth . But basement side Hertha Berlin look certain for the drop after a 2-1 home defeat to fellow strugglers Nuremberg , who followed up their shock win 3-2 at Bayer Leverkusen with another fine victory . It lifts them to 15th . Third-placed Leverkusen play Hamburg on Sunday in a bid to get their title challenge back on track after Nuremberg ended their record unbeaten run . In other action around Europe on Saturday , on-loan Robbie Keane scored a hat-trick as Celtic won 3-0 at Kilmarnock to reach the semifinals of the Scottish Cup , their last realistic hope of silverware this season . In the French League , Lyon struggled after their midweek heroics against Real Madrid and were held to a 1-1 draw at home to local rivals St. Etienne . A first half goal from Emmanuel Riviere put struggling St. Etienne ahead with Lyon getting an 80th minute equalizer from Argentinian Lisandro Lopez . With leaders Bordeaux held to a goalless draw at Monaco and fellow challengers Montpellier and Auxerre playing out a 1-1 draw , Lyon 's draw was a missed opportunity . Bordeaux are top with 53 points from 27 games , with a game in hand on Montpellier , who also have 53 , with Auxerre just a point behind in third . Lyon are fourth with 50 points after 28 games .	Arjen Robben hits a second half double to give Bayern Munich 2-1 win over Freiburg Victory lifts them two points clear of Schalke at the top of the Bundesliga Nuremberg boost their battle against relegation with 2-1 win at Hertha Berlin Celtic reach semifinals of Scottish Cup as Robbie Keane scores hat-trick Lyon follow midweek heroics with 1-1 home draw against St.Etienne in France
February 20 , 2015 Welcome to Friday 's edition of CNN Student News ! Today , our coverage begins with a report on an international meeting in the U.S. capital . That 's followed by an explanation of "  cryptocurrencies , " defining the term , its uses and its limitations . And we tell you about a new application that 's brought about a network of people helping others . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . In what North African nation , a border country of Egypt , did Egyptian fighter planes launch strikes against the ISIS terrorist group this week ? 2 . What U.S. capital landmark is associated with the myth that only men were allowed to ride its elevator to prevent any risk to women and children ? 3 . Warner Bros. ' secret movie prop archive is located on the outskirts of what European city ? 4 . About what percentage of the U.S. population is composed by people of Hispanic or Latino descent , the largest ethnic or race minority in the country ? 5 . Bertha , a massive digging machine , was named after the first female mayor of what U.S. city ? 6 . Ash Wednesday marks the first day of what Christian religious season ? 7 . What event triggers the world 's largest annual human migration ? 8 . During what international economic crisis did the U.S. government institute the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  FDIC  ? 9 . In the 7th Century , the first-ever banknotes were traded in what Asian country ? 10 . Dating back to the 9th Century , Castilian is a dialect of what world language ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Hong Kong  CNN  -- Angel Lau adjusts her iridescent blue goggles over her cherubic face , steps to the edge of the pool and dives in head first . The 7-year-old is one of the lucky ones : Her mother enrolled her in private swim lessons since the age of 3 . Many other young Hong Kongers are on lengthy wait lists as demand for public swimming lessons outstrips supply in a city that 's surrounded by coastline -- yet a majority of residents ca n't swim , according to local water safety experts . "  It 's really hard to get placed , " says Candy Kwok , Angel 's stay-at-home mother . "  I 've got several friends who put their names in every year but they have n't been lucky . " "  And even if they get admitted , the classes are usually at the hottest time of the year . Public swimming pools are very crowded , " adds Kwok , who send her daughter to Stanford Swim School . With an estimated 12,000 students across 21 pools , it 's Hong Kong 's largest private swimming institution . Hong Kong holds a lottery , what it calls a ballot system , for government-subsidized swimming lessons . Nearly 60,000 people applied for 47,000 swim spots in the most recent 2011-2012 year , according to the city 's Leisure and Cultural Services Department . A one-hour session at Stanford costs about $ 15 for one hour , comparable to the cost for dance or piano lessons in this city . But publicly-backed lessons are a bargain -- a series of 10 one-hour sessions runs just $ 12 dollars . Hong Kong 's failure to satisfy demand for public classes sets the stage for a private business opportunity . "  I would say about 40 % of all parents who can not enroll in the government 's programs choose Stanford , " says Howard Fung , Director of Stanford Swim School . "  And even if you are lucky and you get a chance to participate in the government program , you 're not guaranteed to be allocated  a spot  in the next term . " A majority of Hong Kong 's citizens ca n't swim , says Alex Kwok , General Secretary of the Hong Kong Kowloon Lifeguards Union . Founded in 1968 , it 's the city 's oldest and largest such organization . "  I feel shocked , " he says , "  because Hong Kong is surrounded by water and it 's a big city . " This Chinese territory is made of more than 200 islands with 700 kilometers of coastline - more than the distance from London to Paris and double the distance from New York to Washington , D.C. Kwok , a lifeguard of a dozen years is well-known in Hong Kong 's swim community and a vocal critic of the government . He estimates if the city 's entire population of 7 million residents were thrown in the sea "  less than 20 % can survive " . Howard Fung of Stanford Swim School thinks it is more nuanced than that . He believes 20 % of Hong Kong 's elderly can swim while that number jumps to between 40 % and 50 % for the city 's youth . The Hong Kong government does not conduct surveys on the number of citizens who can swim . Regardless of numbers , Kwok blames Hong Kong society 's emphasis on academics . "  Most Chinese , especially Hong Kongers , are not as focused on swimming or sports because they think it 's useless . But I think this is n't right because children have to learn more things . You have to teach them how to survive in the water . " "  Stupid thinking . " he adds . "  I hope more parents can open their minds . " And the recent ferry collision - Hong Kong 's most fatal water disaster in four decades - still hangs fresh on many minds . On October 1 , amid fireworks for China 's National Day holiday celebrating the founding of the People 's Republic , 39 people died when two ferries collided . More than 100 passengers had been thrown into the sea . Watching the accident unfold , Angel 's mother - who ca n't swim herself - had no doubt her daughter 's time in the pool is well spent . "  Since Angel can swim , she wo n't panic and can save herself . I think her odds of surviving a water-related accident are double . " The Hong Kong government has since announced a nearly 7 % expansion of public swim classes . But the Lifeguard Union 's Alex Kwok is still critical . "  I do n't think this is enough . Even if they increase  public classes by  700 % it is not enough for Hong Kong 's children . " So for now , parents like Candy will go where the supply is -- at private schools -- if they can afford it . Those who can not will have to hope their names will finally be chosen next year . CNN 's Vivien Kam and Judy Zhu contributed to this report .	Waiting lists are long to get into public swimming lessons in Hong Kong Despite demand , head of lifeguard association estimates only one in five resident can swim The Chinese territory is made of more than 200 islands with 700 kilometers of coastline
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli President Shimon Peres on Tuesday stressed the need for a two-state solution in the quest for Israeli-Palestinian peace , a position out of step with the current Israeli government . U.S. envoy George Mitchell says Israel and the United States will remain close allies . It was one of several key issues both sides must emphasize if they are to take advantage of the current "  historic period " and achieve peace , Peres told visiting U.S. envoy George Mitchell . "  Nobody knows whether it will recur and nobody will forgive himself if we miss the opportunity to make peace , " Peres said , according to a release from his office . In their meeting , Mitchell said U.S. President Barack Obama is seeking a prompt resumption of the stalled Mideast peace talks and played down tensions that have arisen between the U.S. and Israel in recent days -- particularly over Israel 's recent settlement expansion . "  Israelis and Palestinians have a responsibility to meet their obligations under the road map , " Mitchell said . "  And we all share an obligation to create the conditions for the prompt resumption and early conclusion of negotiations . " The 2003 road map is a peace plan that calls for an independent Palestinian state with a secure border with Israel , and the implementation of a comprehensive peace agreement between Israel and its Arab neighbors . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who took office in March , has stated his opposition to an independent Palestinian state , and his opposition has cast doubt on the future of the stalled Israel-Palestinian peace process . Peres was elected president during the term of Netanyahu 's predecessor , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , who supported a two-state solution to achieve peace . Peres won the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts as foreign minister to secure peace , along with Israeli President Yitzak Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat . But in his discussions with Mitchell , the 85-year-old president stood firm on Israel 's current settlement policy , despite the road map 's provision for Israel to halt building settlements in occupied territories . "  There is agreement in Israel regarding the evacuation of illegal outposts and not to build new settlements , " Peres told Mitchell . "  However , the issue of natural growth in the settlement blocs must continue to be discussed intensively in order to reach agreement . " In recent days , the Obama administration has repeatedly called on Israel to stop construction of settlements . In a speech to the Muslim world Thursday in Egypt , Obama said his country "  does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements . " So far , Netanyahu has refused U.S. calls to stop them , and said he will deliver a major speech Sunday in which he will lay out his plan for the country 's peace and security . "  Let me be clear . These are not disagreements among adversaries , " said Mitchell , who was dispatched to the region to try and kick-start the negotiating process . "  The United States and Israel are and will remain close allies and friends . " Peres , too , tried to calm the diplomatic waters . "  I think  Obama 's  address was extremely sensitive , touching , concerning all sides without trying to play one against the other , paying compliments when it was justified , criticizing when it was necessary in the most honest way , " he said after last week 's speech . Watch a review of Obama 's visit to the Mideast , Europe " He told Mitchell that the Obama administration 's focus on "  a single issue ill-serves the wider diplomatic process which is supposed to set the agenda for Israel and its neighbors . " Mitchell also met Tuesday with Israel 's Defense Minister Ehud Barak , and is expected to meet with Netanyahu , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . Meanwhile , the State Department announced that Mitchell will spend two days in Syria this weekend as part of the Obama administration 's vision for comprehensive peace in the region . Before heading to Damascus , Mitchell plans to visit Ramallah , the seat of the Palestinian Authority , and Lebanon , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly told reporters in Washington . "  This is a very high priority , " Kelly said . U.S.-Syrian ties have been strained in recent years over the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , the war in Iraq and the ongoing political struggle between pro- and anti-Syrian factions in Lebanon . The United States has not had an ambassador in Damascus since 2005 . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Israeli President Shimon Peres says this is an "  opportunity to make peace " Peres meets with U.S. envoy George Mitchell , who urges resumption of peace talks Israeli prime minister to give major speech Sunday on his plan for peace , security NEW : Mitchell will travel to Syria this weekend , State Department announces
CNN  Kidnapped heiress , bank robber , actress -- and dog breeder ? Patty Hearst , granddaughter of powerful publisher William Randolph Hearst , was kidnapped in 1974 by the radical Symbionese Liberation Army and supposedly joined the cause . She 's also one of three owners of the shih tzu named GCH Hallmark Jolei Rocket Power , which won the toy dog category Monday at the 139th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show at New York 's Madison Square Garden . The dogs compete for best in breed and then for best in group . The seven groups are sporting , hound , working , terrier , toy , non-sporting and herding . The seven dogs named best in group compete for the overall best in show title in the finals Tuesday night . Hearst , 60 , has been involved in the dog world for the past decade , a world away from the controversial revolutionary life she once led . In a 1974 bank robbery after her kidnapping , surveillance cameras showed her with a rifle . She was arrested the following year and charged with armed bank robbery and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony . A jury did n't buy her defense of brainwashing and fear that she would be killed if she did not join the Symbionese Liberation Army , and she served two years of her sentence before President Jimmy Carter commuted it in 1979 . President Bill Clinton granted her a full pardon . Married to her security guard shortly after leaving prison , Hearst had two daughters and dabbled in acting and writing .	Patty Hearst is one of three owners of shih tzu that won toy dog category The heiress is best known for being kidnapped by a radical group in 1974 Rocket the shih tzu will compete for best in show Tuesday night
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- At least seven Somali civilians were killed Friday morning when people trying to take food clashed with government troops at the Badbaado refugee camp in Mogadishu , a witness told CNN . Mahamed Ali , a refugee at the camp , said several other people were wounded in the incident , which was sparked when food supplies were taken . David Orr , a spokesman for the World Food Programme in east , central and southern Africa , said the organization was working to clarify what happened . "  This incident highlights the challenges that humanitarian agencies face in trying to deliver assistance in this difficult environment , " he told CNN . The incident came a day after the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was ratcheting up emergency operations to help an additional 1.1 million people suffering from famine under drought and conflict . The agency is asking donors for $ 87 million more to address the crisis . "  The move comes in response to a situation that is becoming ever more desperate , " said Jakob Kellenberger , the president of the agency . "  Hundreds of thousands of Somalis face life-threatening food and water shortages . " The African Union , however , postponed its donor conference by two weeks , without giving any reasons . The meeting planned for August 9 now will take place August 25 . The United Nations estimates that 29,000 children have perished in the past month . Valerie Amos , the under-secretary for general and emergency relief , told CNN Thursday that 600,000 may die . She urged support for the aid organizations that are able to operate in southern Somalia , in areas controlled by rebel Al-Shabaab militants , who have banned international agencies . Al-Shabaab launched a Ramadan offensive Monday amid the spreading famine , with heavy fighting reported in northeastern Mogadishu , according to African Union officials . The United Nations declared famine in three more regions of Somalia on Wednesday -- the war-ravaged capital , Mogadishu , as well as the Ifgooye corridor and the Shabelle regions west of Mogadishu . The human catastrophe was triggered by the worst drought in more than a half-century and compounded by decades of conflict , high inflation and increasing global food and fuel prices . The United Nations issued a famine declaration for two districts of southern Somalia in June . In all , about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance . Somalia is the worst hit .	Several others were wounded , the witness says The incident reportedly occurred Friday morning A U.N. official says 600,000 children may die The Red Cross is asking donors for $ 87 million more for Somalia
CNN  -- Apple 's Steve Jobs gave quite a monologue Monday , dressing down competing makers of smartphones , tablets and software . The brunt of that was aimed at Google , which makes the Android software that powers smartphones from a range of manufacturers including Motorola , Samsung Electronics and HTC . First , Jobs expressed skepticism about how Google reports its number of Android users . This is an issue Jobs has raised in prior speeches , yet he freely addressed the point of comparison , saying Apple has activated 75,000 more iOS devices over the last 30 days compared to Google 's last reported Android activation number . Jobs , who made his comments in an unusual appearance on Apple 's quarterly earnings call with investors , then took issue with the geeky argument of open versus closed , which refers to how transparent a system 's source code is to developers . "  Google loves to characterize Android as open , and iOS and iPhone as closed , " Jobs said . "  We find this a bit disingenuous and clouding the differences between our two approaches . " He called Android "  fragmented . " He highlighted how Android handset makers install layers on top of Google 's software , which can introduce unexpected problems . And Amazon , Verizon Wireless and Vodafone say they intend to create their own digital stores to sell applications to Android users , despite Google 's own Marketplace . "  This is going to be a mess for both users and developers , " Jobs said . "  We believe integrated will trump fragmented every time . " Later , Jobs criticized Google for not having a version of Android that plays nicely with tablets . The animated executive then turned his attention to tablet-device makers , which are ramping up production in advance of the holiday season . "  Almost all of them use 7-inch screens , as opposed to the iPad 's 10-inch screen , " Jobs said . "  This size is n't sufficient to create great tablet apps . " Jobs joked that people would need to sandpaper their fingers in order to use these gadgets comfortably . While a smaller tablet is obviously more portable , he says consumers wo n't want something that replaces a smartphone . "  Every tablet user is also a smartphone user , " he proclaimed . His comments will perhaps put an end to speculation that Apple will make a 7-inch iPad . "  We think the 10-inch screen size is the minimum screen size required to make great tablet apps , " he added . Additionally , Jobs said tablet makers will have a hard time matching Apple 's prices . The most inexpensive iPad sells for $ 499 . Competitors ' tablets will be "  dead on arrival , " Jobs said . He added : "  Sounds like lots of fun ahead . " Jobs began his comments Monday by relishing in Apple 's successes with the iPhone 4 , pointing to the 14.1 million smartphones the company sold during the recent three-month fiscal period . That tops Research in Motion 's 12.1 million units sold , as Jobs was quick to note . "  We have now passed RIM , and I do n't see them catching up to us in the foreseeable future , " Jobs said . "  I think it 's going to be a challenge for them to create a competitive platform and to convince developers to create apps for yet a third software platform , after iOS and Android . " RIM , the Canadian smartphone manufacturer , is popular with corporate IT departments for its tight security mechanisms and reliable keyboards for tapping out long emails . Despite the slow quarter for RIM , the BlackBerry maker still has the highest market share of smartphone users , according to independent data . The company is preparing to enter the tablet market with its PlayBook , an area dominated by Apple 's iPad . "  RIM has a high mountain to climb , " Jobs concluded . On Adobe Systems , which makes the Flash platform that powers most of the Web 's video , Jobs dodged questions . He finally addressed the lack of Flash support on the iPad , iPhone and iPod Touch , saying : "  Flash has n't presented any problem at all . " On Nokia , which sells the most cell phones worldwide , Jobs said : "  Nokia is the biggest , and we admire them for being able to ship the number of handsets that they do . But we do n't aspire to be like them . " "  Nokia makes $ 50 handsets , and we do n't know how to make a great smartphone for $ 50 , " Jobs said . "  We 're not smart enough to figure that one out yet . " For the famed business leader to take part in the company 's earnings call is strange enough , as he acknowledged after being introduced in the meeting Monday .  Apple broke a number of its sales records this quarter .  But his comments were even more unexpected . Oftentimes , his discussions would come back to Google , as they did again after a question about Nokia . "  Android is our biggest competitor , " Jobs said . "  They outshipped us in the June quarter when we were transitioning to the iPhone 4 . " "  Eventually it will turn into a zero-sum game or a lot closer to that , " Jobs said of the smartphone market . "  Right now , iPhone and Android are winning that battle . "	Apple 's Steve Jobs participated in the company 's earnings call , which is unusual Jobs had choice words for competitors including Google , RIM , Nokia and Adobe Android is Apple 's biggest competitors in the smartphone industry , Jobs said
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Roberto Lee Jr , 35 , is the President of Fresh Bread & Company in Shanghai . He has an MBA from USC Marshall School of Business and an Executive MBA  EMBA  from INSEAD and Tsinghua University in Beijing . Roberto Lee : "  I do n't think I 'd be as complete a manager as I am today without the EMBA . " Roberto tells CNN how his EMBA has helped his career . CNN : Tell us about your current role . Roberto Lee Jr : I 'm president of Fresh Bread & Company , in Shanghai , which I started in 2004 . We supply finished products like sandwiches , cakes and desserts for Starbucks , Walmart , Metro AG , Tesco , and a number of franchised restaurants . We also have a more upscale chain with bakeries , coffee shops and the biggest bread chain in the Shanghai subway system . We currently have 620 employees , 32 shops in Shanghai , and we hope to expand into Eastern China next year . CNN : You already had an MBA , what made you decide to do an EMBA ? RL : We are hoping to expand Fresh internationally , at least in Asia , and it could become an international company . The Tsinghua/INSEAD EMBA is a really global MBA . We had classes in Beijing , Shanghai , Singapore , Abu Dhabi , and Fontainebleau  in France  so it gave a very international focus . In each city INSEAD arranged for guest speakers from very large companies to tell us about the business environment in each country . It gave me much more of an international focus . CNN : How has that global focus helped you with your business ? RL : In my class I had senior people from 17 countries . We became like a family and we are still in touch . I 've been in different countries the last few years and my classmates have entertained me and showed me around in each of the countries . Down the road , if we decide to go into some of these countries , I have contacts and I 've learned from my classmates , from their past experiences and the experiences they 're going through . CNN : What was the biggest difference between the MBA and the EMBA ? RL : A key difference is seniority . The average age on the MBA was 28 and on the EMBA it was 37 . On an MBA people are getting ready to move into senior management , whereas much more senior management things being discussed on the EMBA . The other difference is that for the MBA you take off two years of your life . With the EMBA you still work , so every five to six weeks you meet for a week or two and you go to classes . With the EMBA you do n't get spend as much time on the books , so an MBA is more theoretical and with the EMBA you learn a lot more from your classmates . I had numerous high-level people in my class and they shared how they 've done things in the past . Read more business related features CNN : So because you 're working at the same time , can you put what you 've learned into practice ? RL : That 's what was really cool -- all my classmates did it , taking stuff from class and applying it . I was able to get help from my finance professor about international standards for how some things are done on the books . The professors all have working experience -- they 're not just people with PhDs who teach -- so you can ask for advice and even now I can email them and ask their advice . CNN : Can you think of any example where you 've directly applied something you learned from the EMBA to your business ? RL : We learned about how one company got all its senior managers together and went out for a weekend brainstorm to set out their strategy for the next year . That 's something we did this past year at Fresh , and we set out a really clear path and goals . So far we 've met all our goals this year , so it was a really great way of doing it . CNN : Would you have got where you are today without the EMBA ? RL : It helped me out a lot -- I do n't think I 'd be as complete a manager as I am today without the EMBA . It 's given me a broader perspective for being a manager for all departments . My strong point has always been sales and when the company started that was the area I pushed the hardest , but now I 'm diving more into finance , accounting , marketing and HR . After the EMBA I have a much clearer idea what 's going on in my company within all the different departments -- that 's where it 's really been a huge help for me . CNN : What would you say to people put off by the expense of an MBA ? RL : If you 're going to do an EMBA program , do a good one . Tuition plus time and expense will usually run into six figures in U.S. dollars , but if you get into a good program it 's very worth it .	Roberto Lee Jr is President of Fresh Bread & Company , based in Shanghai He has an MBA from USC and EMBA from INSEAD and Tsinghua University "  I 've learned from my classmates and their past experiences , " says Lee He says the EMBA course helped him become a more complete manager
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Carmen Zapata , whose most visible film role was as a choir nun in "  Sister Act , " died Sunday at her Los Angeles home . She was 86 . Zapata 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honors her six decades of work on the stage , which began in New York in 1946 . Her death from heart problems was confirmed by a representative at the Bilingual Foundation of the Arts in Los Angeles , which Zapata co-founded in 1973 . She was "  an accomplished actress , translator , theater producer , and community leader who was knighted by King Juan Carlos of Spain , " according to her biography on the group 's website . Zapata , a Mexican-American born in New York , founded the theater group to promote bilingual stage productions . The goal was to "  instill cultural pride to Spanish-speaking audiences , and serve as an introduction to the rich and eloquent history of the diverse Hispanic culture to English-speaking audiences , " the website said . She was 19 when she made her Broadway debut as a member of the chorus in "  Oklahoma . " She initially performed under the stage name Marge Cameron at a time when discrimination against Hispanic actors was more common . Her television and film rsum is slim until the 1970s , when she began landing acting jobs on series including "  Room 222 , " "  Bonanza " and "  McMillan & Wife . " In 1971 , she was hired for a recurring role on "  The New Dick Van Dyke Show . " Other shows that decade in which she appears in multiple episodes include "  Adam-12 , " "  Love , American Style , " "  Marcus Welby , M.D. , " "  Medical Center " and "  The Streets of San Francisco . " She often played different characters in the same series , according to IMDB.com . Zapata 's television roles in the 1980s included several episodes as a nurse in "  Trapper John , M.D. " and 34 episodes on the TV soap "  Santa Barbara . " She was cast as one of the nuns in the choir in Whoopi Goldberg 's "  Sister Act " in 1992 and the 1993 sequel , "  Sister Act 2 : Back in the Habit . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Zapata 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honors her work on the stage She was "  actress , translator , theater producer , and community leader " Zapata co-founded a theater group to promote bilingual stage productions She was 19 when she made her Broadway debut in the chorus in "  Oklahoma "
CNN  -- Normally Germany and France are close partners at the heart of Europe -- but U.S. diplomatic cables suggest a battle royal between the two allies over satellite technology , with the German space and intelligence agencies accusing the French of bad faith and looking to the United States as a future partner to develop next-generation satellites . At the heart of the rivalry is HiRos -- a High Resolution Optical System -- that would potentially be a leap forward in satellite surveillance . A flurry of cables obtained by WikiLeaks and published by the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten shows German officials lobbying for a "  strategic US/German partnership " in 2009 to develop the system , amid French attempts to kill it . Some thirty pages of cables show the political maneuvering and enticing technological potential of HiRos , as well as the determination of the German space agency  DLR  to get it deployed by 2013 . The cables also shows the DLR 's desperation to end Germany 's dependence on "  foreign sources of imagery . " German officials were clearly sensitive about the dual intelligence and commercial use of the program . In February 2009 , U.S. diplomats were told that "  to minimize possible political backlash from developing HiRos as an intelligence satellite , the program will be managed by a civil agency . " But a later cable -- from September 2009 -- talks about HiRos ' "  primary customer " as the German intelligence service . One cable from February 2009 reveals efforts by German officials to steer development work on HiRos away from a Franco-German consortium toward a German company "  in an effort to minimize French mischief . " Subsequently , a senior official at the German space agency said Germany "  had been pushed into a corner by the French and left little choice but to go it alone within the EU . " The alliance with the United States , explained another official , would help prevent a French monopoly of the lucrative market for electro-optical imagery . But he was concerned by the "  fierce and persistent " French lobbying to halt HiRos . In lobbying the U.S. embassy in Berlin , German officials said HiRos would enable Germany to be "  a better partner ... by bringing more unique value to the table . " A senior German official suggested that three German and three U.S. satellites could be deployed , with the imagery being shared . At the same time , access to U.S. imagery of China , North Korea , Iran and the Haqqani Network  a terrorist group based on the Afghan/Pakistan border  would help fill German collection gaps . U.S. diplomats were enthusiastic about HiRos -- saying the German satellite program "  has yielded sophisticated and reliable satellite systems that provide an extraordinary amount of product for their investment . " They waxed lyrical about HiRos ' "  daily revisit capability for any spot on the Earth 's surface , " and its projected ability to provide detailed 3D images . German officials also promised that HiRos would be able to process "  near real-time " or in "  milliseconds " data that currently takes several hours to process . HiRos remains in the project phase , despite the intense lobbying by German space agency and intelligence officials -- and optimistic noises in 2009 that they were ready to move beyond the design phase and start "  bending metal . " CNN has reached out to the German space agency for further comment on the status and funding of HiRos . Neither the U.S. State Department nor the French Foreign Ministry would comment on the leaked cables , citing policy not to discuss classified information .	Cables show tensions between France and Germany Cables were obtained by WikiLeaks and published by a Norwegian newspaper Cables indicate Germans wanted U.S. partnership for satellite project
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The famed Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood , California , is filled to capacity on a Wednesday night , and it 's only 8:30 p.m. . What kind of star could bring out this kind of crowd -- and at such an L.A. early hour ? Zee Avi posted her songs on YouTube and attracted the interest of a record label . How about a Malaysian Internet sensation with a debut album that was released one day earlier ? Such is the buzz around Zee Avi , a 21st-century chanteuse in the most literal sense . Her spot-on Billie Holiday phrasing and honey-sweet voice would have had her entertaining in a caf in the 1930s . In this era , she was discovered on YouTube by an indie rocker -- Patrick Keeler of the Raconteurs -- and is on Jack Johnson 's record label , Brushfire , which has partnered with Monotone Records to produce her . Avi 's set of engaging acoustic offerings included an enthralling cover of Interpol 's "  Slow Hands , " and was delivered with self-assurance and poise . In an interview two days earlier , she credited her parents and grandfather for inspiring her love of music -- sometimes through karaoke . "  Got to love that , " she says . Avi , 23 , also acknowledges the influence of her native Malaysia , which kept her open to new ways of thinking . "  It 's a big melting pot of different cultures . We get a good mix of East and West , " she says . Watch the video of "  Bitter Heart " " Her love of music -- and of the Malay melting pot -- is reflected in her debut album , "  Zee Avi "  Brushfire Records  . The album , which was released mid-May , fuses early 20th century American standards with modern sounds on songs such as "  Kantoi " and "  Just You and Me . " CNN spoke to the singer-songwriter just before the album 's release . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : You can hear influences on your album from a wide range of artists and eras , from Billie Holiday to Cat Power . How did all of that find its way to you ? Zee Avi : Music is universal . With the media and the Internet you can gain access to everything . By listening to many different types of music it gives me many ways to fuse it with my own -LSB- ideas -RSB- and then I play whatever comes naturally to me . CNN : How did you develop a love for music and develop your particular style ? Avi : I think if it 's in your blood , it 's in your blood . If you love golf , then you would find which wood is good for this and which putter is good for that . It 's a passion altogether . Same with music . CNN : What made you want to put those songs on YouTube ? Avi : One of my friends missed my first gig . I played my first -LSB- original -RSB- song "  Poppy . " He 's a poet and a writer and I wanted his feedback because I respect his work . So he said to send the song over to him . I did n't know -LSB- how to send it -RSB- , but I did have this webcam on my dad 's laptop and one of those call center headsets . So I ended up putting it on YouTube and he watched and I said , "  OK , I 'm going to delete it now . " He said , "  No , let it nest there and see what happens . " I remember I got one comment and I was so happy  laughs  . Then I put my second video up and got three comments . It just went on from there . CNN : And you got a call from Monotone Records . Avi : One of the guys who worked there messaged me on YouTube . He said , "  Hey , we represent White Stripes , M.I.A. , the Shins " ... and I went "  gasp-gasp-gasp . " He said they were interested in talking to me . Next thing I knew we had a rough draft of the recordings . CNN : What would you be doing right now if there was no Internet ? Avi : What would -LSB- "  Leave Britney alone ! " YouTuber -RSB- Chris Crocker be doing right now ?  huge laughs Before the music thing happened , I wanted to study creative writing and philosophy . When I put these songs on YouTube I certainly never meant it to be a marketing tool . I had no expectations of -LSB- what it became -RSB- . CNN : Musically , the album is almost wistful , but darkness permeates the lyrics . Avi : Everybody has that side of their personality that they do n't show anybody . Music is my outlet for that . I also have a positive side -- let 's not be a wet blanket . It 's not my intention for a song to be -LSB- overly -RSB- emotive or anything like that . Velvet Underground 's "  Who Loves the Sun " plays a very important part in how I write songs . That song is very ironic . If you 're singing along to that song , you 're singing this happy melody but you 're actually singing about someone with a broken heart . It 's sarcasm too , in a way . It 's made such an impact on me , like the fact that you can do that -LSB- with songwriting -RSB- . CNN : Where does the darkness come from ? Avi : Most of my songs are about relationships , and as anyone knows relationships are n't always sunshine and rainbows . Even when it 's good sometimes it 's bad . I try to capture the reality of it . It can be a fairy tale , but it does n't always end up happily ever after . Fine -- prince marries princess and they live happily ever after . But what 's "  after " ? CNN : As a self-described woman of simple pleasures , how are you dealing with this new whirlwind lifestyle ? Avi : If there 's one thing my parents have taught me it 's to stay grounded . I always keep that in mind . Whatever success I achieve ... I 'm grateful . But I do n't expect anything from it .	Zee Avi posted her songs to YouTube , developed following Singer combines voice of '30s chanteuse with 21st-century world One way she found love of music : karaoke
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colorado  CNN  -- Matthew Murray wrote on an Internet forum of how he hated Christians between attacks on a mission center and church on Sunday , according to Denver-area media reports . A former roommate took this photo of Matthew Murray performing in a December 14 , 2002 , Christmas program . "  You Christians brought this on yourselves , " Murray wrote at 11:03 a.m. on Sunday , CNN affiliate KUSA reported on its Web site . "  I 'm coming for EVERYONE soon and I WILL be armed to the @ # % $ teeth and I WILL shoot to kill , " the KUSA report quoted from the final posting . With the exception of symbols used to replace an expletive , this was the same wording used by Eric Harris in a posting before he and Dylan Klebold went on a shooting rampage at Columbine High School in 1999 . The posting , under the user name "  nghtmrchld26 , " was made several hours after Murray killed two people at the Youth With a Mission Center in Arvada , Colorado , and a few hours before Murray killed two people at the New Life Church in Colorado Springs . He later died in a shootout with a church security guard . Watch accounts of shooting victim , former bunkmate " Five years ago , the Youth With A Mission center left Murray off a missionary trip for which he had trained . Peter Warren , director of the missionary center , said Monday that managers left Murray off the 2002 trip to Bosnia for health reasons . Joe Istre , president of Association of Former Pentecostals and administrator of the Web forum Murray used , said several of the forum 's members tried to help Murray in recent months . "  He appeared to be an isolated person , " Istre said . "  We tried to tell him to get help , to get some counseling , but he just laughed at it . " A psychologist offered to help Murray after reading a poem he posted called "  Crying all alone in pain in the nightmare of Christianity , " KUSA reported . "  I 've already been working with counselors , " Murray replied , according to KUSA . "  I have a point to make with all this talk about psychologists and counselors ` helping people with their pain . ' " Istre said the Sunday posting was the first one that included violent threats . "  He scared a lot of people in the forum throughout the last few months with some of pretty crazy posts but never anything violent . " Istre said he was allowed to continue his postings "  because he needed to vent . " Murray also copied from the writings of Columbine gunman Harris in another case : "  God , I ca n't wait till I can kill you people . Feel no remorse , no sense of shame , I do n't care if I live or die in the shoot-out . All I want to do is kill and injure as many of you ... as I can especially Christians who are to blame for most of the problems in the world . " While making the postings , Murray also sent hate mail to the mission center , the Rocky Mountain News reported . I-Report contributor Richard Werner , 34 , said Monday he was a worker at the center in Arvada , Colorado , in 2002 , the same time as Murray . Werner said five days before Murray was told in 2002 he could not make the Bosnia trip , Murray performed a pair of dark rock songs at a concert at the mission that made fellow workers "  pretty scared . " The performance -- which included a song by rock band Linkin Park and another that had been recorded by controversial rocker Marilyn Manson -- followed months of strange behavior , Werner said . Werner , of Balneario Camborius , Brazil , said he had a bunk near Murray 's and that Murray would roll around in bed and make noises . "  He would say , ` Do n't worry , I 'm just talking to the voices , ' " Werner said . "  He 'd say , ` Do n't worry , Richard . You 're a nice guy . The voices like you . ' " Werner said he instantly suspected Murray when he heard the news of Sunday 's shootings . "  I turned to my wife and I said , ' I know who did it . It 's Matthew , ' " he said . "  It was so obvious . "  For four months , he was sleeping right next to me . Those are the things you do n't imagine , but when it happened it was so obvious . " Werner said his "  heart is crushed " by news of the shootings . Phil Abeyta , who identified himself as Murray 's uncle , read a statement from the family Monday asking for forgiveness . "  Our family can not express the magnitude of our grief for the victims and families of this tragedy , " he said . " ... We can not understand why this has happened . " Abeyta spoke at a news conference with spokesmen from the Youth With A Mission center . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Gunman copied Columbine shooter 's writings in Web postings Matthew Murray , who killed four Sunday , worked at missionary center in 2002 He was left off mission trip for health reasons , center official says He performed Marilyn Manson , Linkin Park songs at concert , co-worker says
New York  CNN  -- Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut , reigning king of the world 's most famous hot dog eating contest , may have had an extra boost of confidence Friday . With a hug and kiss , his girlfriend of three years accepted his marriage proposal . On a rainy Independence Day at Brooklyn 's Coney Island , the San Jose , California , resident once again clinched the title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest before hundreds of umbrella-toting spectators at the annual celebration of gluttony . "  It was just a dog fight the entire time , " he told ESPN , which broadcast the popular event . Chestnut sloppily devoured 61 hot dogs in 10 minutes -- edging his biggest competitor , Matthew Stonie , who placed second after swallowing 56 dogs . Chestnut 's win at Nathan 's 98th annual International Hot Dog Eating Contest secured his title for the eighth consecutive year , but he was still a handful of wieners away from his world record 69 hot dogs in 10 minutes that he set last year . "  The hot dogs were slow today , the weather slowed everything down , " Chestnut told ESPN . "  I could never find my rhythm . " As reigning champ , Chestnut was paraded into the contest on the shoulders of fans on a chariot-like hot dog cart . In the women 's competition , Miki Sudo won by inhaling 34 dogs to eclipse the former champ , Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas . The hot dog eating contest was divided into men 's and women 's competitions in 2011 . Contestants compete for prize money and Nathan 's Mustard Belt . As American as apple pie -- the origins of picnic favorites Get ready for your feast : Grilling tips , tricks , recipes and advice	Reigning king of world 's most famous hot dog eating contest proposes before contest Joey Chestnut downs 61 hot dogs in 10 minutes He secures eighth consecutive title , falls short of record In women 's contest , Miki Sudo inhales 34 dogs to eclipse former champ
In order to understand the turbulent world of Thai politics , you have to start with one name : Thaksin Shinawatra . The former prime minister has dominated the country 's political scene for more than a decade despite going into exile after his ouster in a 2006 coup . Back in 2010 , deadly clashes took place between security forces and Thaksin supporters who had occupied central Bangkok . They were demanding his return . Now , his sister is in power and she recently tried to pass an amnesty law that could have allowed his return . The attempt failed , but it provided fuel for the current protests shaking the capital . Here 's a quick primer to make sense of it all . 1 . Who is Thaksin ? He 's a deeply polarizing figure -- a billionaire telecommunications mogul who built his political power on policies popular with Thailand 's rural villagers . His success ruffled a lot of feathers among the country 's established elites , and critics accused him of corruption and autocratic rule . He was prime minister between 2001 and 2006 , when the military deposed him in a bloodless coup . 2 . What happened in 2010 ? Thaksin 's ouster spurred the protest movement that developed over the years into the widespread "  red shirt " demonstrations that occupied upscale parts of Bangkok in 2010 . By that stage , the movement had broadened to represent other issues , including resentment at the military 's involvement in politics and economic inequality . The crackdown by security forces on the red shirts resulted in clashes that left around 90 people dead . It has been described as the worst civil violence in Thailand 's history , and the country remains severely scarred by the experience . 3 . Could the current protests lead to a repeat ? The situation is different this time . Those protesting are opponents of Thaksin rather than his supporters . His sister , Yingluck Shinawatra , is now prime minister . Her government is under pressure after widespread anger over its recent failed attempt to pass a bill that could have granted amnesty to Thaksin and others . Although the public has generally moved on from the conflict over the amnesty bill , the opposition Democrat Party is trying to use the issue to bring down Yingluck 's government , says Paul Quaglia , director of the Bangkok-based risk assessment firm PQA Associates . "  The government is facing probably a countdown until it will have to dissolve and hold new elections , " Quaglia says . "  But it does n't look like it 's a replay of 2010 when we 're going to see violence in the streets and an extended takeover of central Bangkok . " 4 . What has Thaksin been up to ? He has been living in exile in a number of different places , most recently Dubai , while continuing to play an active role in Thai politics . He briefly returned to Thailand in 2008 . Later that year , he was convicted by a Thai court of corruption and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison over a controversial land deal . Courts have also frozen billions of dollars of his assets , but he is believed to still have a great deal of money held elsewhere . He 's also stayed heavily involved in Thai politics over the years , communicating with supporters via social media and video messages . With his younger sister in power since 2011 , his influence remains strong . Critics say Yingluck is Thaksin 's puppet , but she insists she has always been independent . 5 . What is happening this week ? After weeks of demonstrations , thousands of protesters have gathered around government buildings in central Bangkok , occupying some of them for varying periods of time . Yingluck has expanded the area in and around Bangkok covered by an internal security law that gives police extra powers to disband protesters . In parliament , the Prime Minister is facing a "  no confidence " motion against her . And police have issued an arrest warrant against protest leader , Suthep Thaugsuban . For most of Bangkok , business as usual despite protests 6 . What 's at stake for the region ? The demonstrations are bringing instability once again to Thailand , a key regional economy and popular tourist destination . The protests are centered on Bangkok , a vital transportation hub , especially for air travel . So far , the protests are concentrated in specific parts of the city . More than a dozen countries have issued travel warnings for citizens to avoid areas near protests in Bangkok . 7 . What do the demonstrators want ? Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister under the previous Democrat-led government , has said the demonstrations "  will not stop until Thaksin 's regime is wiped out . " Such an aim seems ambitious . Yingluck 's government was democratically elected and her Pheu Thai party retains support in its core areas . The current protests have echoes of 2008 when demonstrators opposed to a pro-Thaksin government occupied Bangkok 's main airport and government offices . 8 . Where are the protesters getting their support from ? Opposition to Thaksin and Yingluck is strongest among the urban elites and middle class . That means the capital . "  Bangkok is the ground zero for anti-Thaksin protest movements , " Quaglia says . "  The rest of the country , other than southern Thailand , is either in his camp or sort of politically neutral . " That 's why the recent demonstrations have been concentrated in the streets of the capital . 9 . What 's the government 's support base ? Thaksin 's traditional support comes from the populous rural areas of north and northeast of Thailand . The government 's botched amnesty move may have hurt its standing in those areas , but not fatally . "  Despite the pictures of thousands of people in the street that does n't necessarily mean the government will go -- or if it does go , that it will lose the next election , " Quaglia says . 10 . What is likely to happen next ? Questions remain over the ability of Yingluck 's government to maintain order in the capital and weather the heavy political pressure in Parliament . Some observers are concerned that government supporters , tens of thousands of whom rallied in Bangkok on Sunday , could clash with opposition demonstrators . Yingluck has said authorities would "  absolutely not use violence " to disperse the demonstrators . Even if Yingluck survives the "  no confidence " motion against her , the situation appears unlikely to calm down soon . "  We 're going to see political instability here for some time , " Quaglia says .	At the heart of the unrest is the polarizing figure of Thaksin Shinawatra His sister is now prime minister , and critics say she 's his puppet A recent move to grant amnesty to Thaksin and others caused anger Protesters say they wo n't stop until "  Thaksin 's regime is wiped out "
CNN  -- A Texas judge rebuffed a request to step aside Thursday and opened a hearing into allegations that a man executed for the killings of his three daughters was put on death row by "  junk science . " The family of Cameron Todd Willingham has asked District Judge Charlie Baird to posthumously clear Willingham 's name , arguing that state officials ignored an expert 's last-minute findings that the fire that killed his daughters in December 1991 was not deliberately set . The science that supported the prosecution 's case "  had been discredited 10 years earlier , " Gerry Goldstein , a lawyer for the family , told the judge . Willingham was put to death in February 2004 , insisting in his final statement that he was innocent . Authorities in the town of Corsicana , where the fire took place , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who allowed the execution to go forward , have stood by the conviction . Navarro County District Attorney Lowell Thompson last week asked Baird to step aside . Thompson argued that the judge 's impartiality was called into question by the fact that he sat on the state Court of Criminal Appeals when it upheld Willingham 's conviction and wrote a concurring opinion supporting the ruling . In addition , he argued , Baird received an award in February from the Texas Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty . Baird rejected Thompson 's motion Thursday , finding that the prosecutor 's office was not a party to the family 's request for a "  court of inquiry , " a rare proceeding under Texas law . "  I just do n't believe that you , in your capacity as the Navarro County district attorney , are a part of this lawsuit , " Baird said . Thompson left the courtroom after the ruling without participating in Thursday 's hearing , which was held to determine whether there is enough evidence of a wrongful conviction to open a court of inquiry . The proceedings are separate from the long-running investigation being conducted by the Texas Forensic Science Commission , which is scheduled to take up the Willingham case again Friday . Willingham 's relatives have the support of The Innocence Project , which requested the Forensic Science Commission 's investigation . The group 's founder , defense lawyer Barry Scheck , appeared in court Thursday to argue for a court of inquiry , telling Baird the testimony of a state fire marshal who was the prosecution 's key witness was "  completely wrong and misleading . " The fire marshal , Manuel Vasquez , told jurors in Willingham 's trial that evidence at the scene of the fire showed the blaze was set intentionally with a flammable liquid . "  Given the science that we know today , " Scheck said , that testimony is "  false , misleading and totally unreliable . " Fire scientist John Lentini , who reviewed the Willingham case after the execution , told Baird that some of the indicators Vasquez relied on to reach his conclusions were outdated at the time -- and nearly all were considered obsolete by the time Willingham was executed . "  A lot of people believed that back in 1991 , " Lentini said . "  Now in 2004 , nobody believed that . " Vasquez died in the mid-1990s , but the state fire marshal 's office has reaffirmed his findings -- a stance Lentini said was impossible to square with modern fire science . "  You ca n't make it go away just by saying , ` We stand by the original conclusions , ' " he said . Willingham 's daughters -- 2-year-old Amber and 1-year-old twins Karmon and Kameron -- died in the blaze in Corsicana , south of Dallas . His ex-wife , Stacy Kuykendall , told reporters outside the Austin courthouse last week that Willingham had confessed to her in the days before his execution that he had started the fatal fire . "  He burnt them , " Kuykendall said . "  He admitted he burnt them to me , and he was convicted for his crime . That is the closest to justice that my daughters will ever get . " Willingham never publicly admitted guilt , and his family has questioned Kuykendall 's account of the confession . Baird said Kuykendall was invited to appear at Thursday 's hearing , but she declined .	Key arson testimony in trial was "  completely wrong , " lawyer says Judge Charlie Baird began hearing the Willingham family 's petition Thursday Willingham was executed in 2004 for the fire deaths of his three daughters Prosecutors had asked the judge to step aside , questioning his impartiality
CNN  -- Roger Federer is through to the semifinals of the ATP World Tour Finals after beating Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro at London 's O2 Arena on Saturday . The Swiss World No. 7 came from a set down and 3-0 down in the deciding set of the Group B match to eventually win through 4-6 7-6 7-5 in two hours and 26 minutes . Federer , a six-time winner of the event , will now face World No. 1 Rafael Nadal on Sunday for a place in Monday 's final . Read more : ` Thanks Rafa ' "  It 's something to look forward to , " Federer said . "  I do n't even have a day off so I 've got to back it up tomorrow , but I 'm ready and I 'm looking forward to a great matchup with him . " Swiss fans were out in force at the O2 , but must have feared the worst in all three sets as their man struggled at times to cope with the power of the fourth seed . Read more : Federer demands more drug testing Federer trailed del Potro 5-1 in the opening set before mounting a mini-comeback to trail 5-4 . Two break points went begging in the 10th game , before del Potro reasserted his early authority and serve out the set . Trailing again in the second set -- this time 3-1 -- Federer once more sprang back into life taking 12 points in a row before eventually levelling the match in a tiebreak  7-2  . With the pattern firmly established , Federer duly went 3-0 down in the third before leveling the set three games later . Del Potro 's resolve , and serve were broken in the 11th game which set up Federer to serve out the match which ended with a resounding ace . Read more : Djokovic slams doping procedures "  It 's amazing I was able to pull it off because he got a great start in each of the sets . I could never really play free-flowing tennis like I would have liked to if I would have been in the lead , " Federer said . The 17-time grand slam champion was quick to pay tribute to a "  tough " and , in recent weeks , very familiar opponent . The pair met in the final of the Basel tournament in Switzerland at the end of October with del Potro winning in three sets . Last weekend , it was Federer 's turn to triumph in the quarters at the Paris Masters . "  I thought Juan Martin 's done really well the whole season and also again today . It was a pleasure playing against him and unfortunately one guy had to win . " In the remaining Group B match , Novak Djokovic beat Richard Gasquet 7-6  8-6  4-6 6-3 to maintain his 100 % record while consigning the Frenchman to his third straight defeat . The Serb will face Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka in Sunday 's other semifinal clash .	Roger Federer sets up showdown with Rafa Nadal following victory over Argentine Six-time winner of season-ending event recovers from a set down to win in three sets Federer : "  It 's amazing I was able to pull it off because he got a great start in each of the sets " Novak Djokovic maintains 100 % record with three-set win over Richard Gasquet
CNN  Limpet teeth may contain the strongest biological material ever discovered , say researchers in the UK . The aquatic , dome-shaped creatures that are found clinging to rocky shores have set a new record previously held by spiders . "  Until now we thought that spider silk was the strongest biological material because of its super-strength and potential applications in everything from bullet-proof vests to computer electronics , " Professor Asa Barber who led the study said in a statement . "  But now we have discovered that limpet teeth exhibit a strength that is potentially higher . " The researchers from the University of Portsmouth 's School of Engineering said they used atomic force microscopy to pull apart the material , almost 100 times thinner than the diameter of human hair , right down to the atom . The findings were published in the Royal Society journal Interface . They are not only surprising , but Barber said they are a source of inspiration for engineering , setting the blueprint for structures such as Formula One racing cars , boat hulls and aircrafts . "  All the things we observe around us , such as trees , the shells of sea creatures and the limpet teeth studied in this work , have evolved to be effective at what they do , " said Barber . The key substance in the tiny teeth is a hard mineral known as goethite , which forms in the limpet as it grows and enables them to move over rock surfaces and feed on algae while the tide is in . And the teeth maintain their strength regardless of their size . "  Generally a big structure has lots of flaws and can break more easily than a smaller structure , which has fewer flaws and is stronger . The problem is that most structures have to be fairly big so they 're weaker than we would like . " said Barber . " Limpet teeth break this rule as their strength is the same no matter what the size . "	Researchers in the UK say limpet teeth may contain the strongest natural material known to man Spider silk was previously thought to be the strongest substance The findings are a source of inspiration for engineering , such as the structures of F1 cars and aircrafts
CNN  Georgia Southern University was in mourning Thursday after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah . Caitlyn Baggett , Morgan Bass , Emily Clark , Abbie Deloach and Catherine  McKay  Pittman -- all juniors -- were killed in the Wednesday morning crash as they were traveling to a hospital in Savannah , according to the school website . Fellow nursing students Brittney McDaniel and Megan Richards were injured as was another person , who was not identified by the Georgia State Patrol . The young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations . "  Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students , " at St. Joseph 's / Candler hospital said in a Facebook posting . "  It was their last day of clinical rotations ... in their first year of nursing school . " Clinicals include hands-on instruction at a health care facility . A post commander for the Georgia State Patrol said a tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident on Interstate 16 . "  He came along from behind them and he just did not stop for those cars , " Sgt. Chris Nease said . There were four passenger vehicles and three tractor-trailers involved in the 5:45 a.m. accident . The women who were killed were in two cars , a Toyota Corolla and a Ford Escape . One of their vehicles caught on fire , Nease said , but it will take an investigation to determine whether the women died on impact . CNN Savannah affiliate WTOC reported one witness tried to help . "  Right about the time I got here , the car was just about catching on fire , " Cayne Monroe told the station . "  The car just burned up really quickly . And I run up there , but there was nothing anyone could do . I 've never witnessed something like that in my life . It was pretty tragic . " The state patrol said the truck driver is from Louisiana . The 55-year-old man had not been charged as of Thursday evening , Nease told CNN . "  Every one of our students contributes in no small measure to the Eagle Nation , " university President Brooks A. Keel said in a statement . "  The loss of any student , especially in a tragic way , is particularly painful . Losing five students is almost incomprehensible . " Georgia Southern flew flags at half-staff and counseling was offered to students . A campuswide vigil was held Thursday night . On the university 's Twitter page , a tear was added to the profile logo of the eagle mascot . The school has a student body of about 20,000 and is in Statesboro , about 60 miles from Savannah . "  You could tell that they really loved what they did , " Sherry Danello , vice president of patient care services and chief nursing officer at St. Joseph 's / Candler , said on the hospital 's Facebook posting . "  They did n't just go through the task , they really connected to the patients . " Luke Bryan , a country music star and school alumnus , tweeted his condolences : "  Praying for everyone at Georgia Southern and the families who lost loved ones . " CNN 's Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	Georgia State Patrol provides more details of crash Georgia Southern University mourns five nursing students killed in auto accident Five cars and two tractor-trailers were involved in crash on Interstate 16
CNN  -- An Alaska lottery held to raise money for a group that helps sexual abuse victims had a surprise winner : a convicted sex offender . Alec Ahsoak in an undated photograph . Alec Ahsoak , who according to the state sex offender registry was convicted in 1993 and 2000 for sexual abuse of a minor , came forward Saturday with the winning ticket for the $ 500,000 Lucky Time Pull Tabs jackpot . Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage , a nonprofit group that offers support to sexual assault victims among other services . "  It 's not how we had envisioned the story going , " Nancy Haag , the group 's executive director , told CNN Radio . Alaska has the highest per capita number of rape cases in the United States , according to FBI statistics . "  With a ranking that high , it 's ironic that the person who wins is a convicted sex offender , " Haag added . Ahsoak 's past was first revealed by KTUU-TV in Anchorage on Sunday . His attorney , Lance Wells , did not immediately return a call Monday from CNN . Efforts to reach lottery organizer Abe Spicola , who owns Lucky Times Pull Tabs , were unsuccessful late Monday . But Spicola told the Anchorage Daily News that Ahsoak "  was going to buy a house and said he was going to donate part of it to God , and , you know , charity . " CNN 's Samira J. Simone and April Willliams contributed to this report .	Lottery winner reportedly convicted in 1993 and 2000 for sexual abuse of a minor Proceeds of the lottery help Standing Together Against Rape in Anchorage FBI : Alaska has the highest per capita number of rape cases in the United States
CNN  When he brought his camera to shoot the shrinking German city of Hoyerswerda , you could say American photographer Demetrius Freeman took a few risks . "  One : I do n't speak German . And two : There 's a heavy neo-Nazi population in the area , " Freeman told CNN over the phone last week . "  I 'm black , so traveling to that part of Germany was , well , very intimidating , " he said with a chuckle . A generation ago when it was part of the former East Germany , Hoyerswerda was held up as an example of a communist utopia . But when the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 and Germany reunited a year later , economic reform began choking the city of 72,000 . First , jobs began disappearing -- then so did the residents . Many left town looking for better opportunities . In 1991 , gangs attacked the homes of hundreds of immigrant workers there , including Vietnamese and Africans , The New York Times reported . Authorities were forced to evacuate the terrified laborers to a military base . By the time Freeman arrived last year , its population had withered to just 35,000 . He wanted to document the residents ' painful economic struggle to survive . Initially , he thought he 'd tell the story through the eyes of one displaced family . "  But when I got there , I found the issue was much bigger , " Freeman said . "  Everyone was going through it . " So Freeman widened his editorial lens and painted a photographic landscape of a larger issue . It was n't simply residents ' survival at stake . The very existence of the town itself was clearly in jeopardy . Several residents were moved out of their homes to make room for a coal mining operation . One of Freeman 's favorite photos shows an odd cardboard cutout in a window , showing happy residents smiling inside their doomed homes . "  It promoted this perfect couple and a perfect world , when it really was n't perfect , " Freeman said . "  The town felt eerie , " he said , "  like I was in some sort of horror film . " Almost always , Freeman and his German guide traveled around the city on bicycles . At one point they found themselves accosted by a group of men at a campsite . "  They stepped in front of us and did the whole , ` Heil Hitler , ' putting their hands up and talking in German , " Freeman recalled . His guide stepped in and began speaking with the men . "  There was an argument , and they told us to get out of their way , " Freeman said . "  There was a lot of yelling . Finally they moved and continued yelling things as we biked away . " "  Thinking back , it 's like , how did I do that ? " he laughed . Freeman first fell in love with photography during his high-school days in Atlanta , after his best friend 's father loaned him a small point-and-shoot camera . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Once he started playing with it , he could n't put it down . Freeman 's fascination with creating images led to a question , which later became a goal : How can I make a living as a photographer ? A college degree and internships at The New York Times led to his current position as a photographer for New York Mayor Bill de Blasio . "  It 's really cool ... I feel like the job presents different challenges that do n't exist in newspaper and other forms , " Freeman said . "  You have to find a way to make photographing someone at a podium interesting . " One day , he hopes to have a freelance photo/video company , where he can focus on his true passion : portraits . "  That 's really what I love to do -- just capturing someone 's character in one frame , " Freeman said . "  I find it very character-revealing . It 's very subtle . And l love that . " Demetrius Freeman is an American photographer based in New York City . You can follow him on Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr and Instagram .	Hoyerswerda , Germany , has lost many residents since the Berlin Wall fell It was once held up as an example of a communist utopia in East Germany But over the years , many left town looking for better job opportunities
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Chantal was headed for the islands of the eastern Caribbean Sea on Monday , prompting storm warnings from Puerto Rico to Barbados . The storm was well out in the Atlantic Ocean on Monday night , but it was moving swiftly over the open water and was expected to cross into the Caribbean early Tuesday , U.S. forecasters reported . Projections from the National Hurricane Center in Miami show Chantal is not expected to reach hurricane strength . But forecasters reported the storm would cross the Lesser Antilles , may skirt Puerto Rico and sweep across the Dominican Republic , Haiti and eastern Cuba on Wednesday and Thursday . At 8 p.m. ET , Chantal was centered about 320 miles  515 kilometers  east-southeast of Barbados , moving to the west-northwest at 26 mph . Its top winds had strengthened to 50 mph , and the storm could strengthen more in the next two days . Tropical storm-force winds of 39 mph or higher extended more than 90 miles from the eye , mainly to the north , the hurricane center reported . Tropical storm warnings were in place for Barbados , Dominica , St. Lucia , Martinique , Guadeloupe and Puerto Rico , while tropical storm watches were posted for the U.S. Virgin Islands , St. Vincent , the southern coast of the Dominican Republic and the islands of Vieques and Culebra , off Puerto Rico . Track the storm with CNN 's hurricane tracker Chantal is expected to dump 2 to 4 inches of rain over the Leeward and Windward Islands , with up to 6 inches possible in some areas . Storm surges could be as high as 3 feet . Any threat to the United States was highly uncertain , CNN meteorologist Sherri Pugh said . Computer models are n't clear on whether the storm will turn toward the Gulf Coast , the East Coast or out to sea , she said . Currently , the hurricane center projects that Chantal will fade to a tropical depression somewhere between Cuba and the Bahamas by Friday .	NEW : Chantal gains some strength as it heads for the Caribbean NEW : Puerto Rico added to tropical storm warnings The storm is expected to cross the Lesser Antilles by Tuesday Up to 6 inches of rain is expected in some areas
A 28-year-old man appeared in court Monday after he became the second person to be charged with murder over the death of British soldier Lee Rigby last month on a London street . Michael Adebolajo was dressed in white , had a cast on his left arm and carried a Quran during his 10-minute appearance before Westminster Magistrate 's Court . He spoke to confirm his name and that he was aware of the charges against him . But he kept interrupting the proceedings . He is also charged with attempted murder of two police officers and possession of a firearm . Adebolajo 's case was referred to a higher court -- the Old Bailey in London , also known as the Central Criminal Court . He is due to have a bail hearing there within 48 hours . The other man charged with murder in the case , Michael Adebowale , 22 , appeared in court last week . Police said Rigby was killed in a daylight attack a couple of hundred yards away from the Royal Artillery Barracks in the southeast London district of Woolwich on May 22 . Adebolajo and Adebowale were hospitalized after the attack . Both were released from the hospital into police custody last week . Adebowale 's case has also been referred to the Old Bailey in London . The killing has sparked an intense investigation by police . They announced two other arrests in the case Friday , of men seized on suspicion of supplying illegal firearms . Authorities also moved a man arrested on the suspicion of killing Rigby from a hospital to a police station . The charges against Adebolajo follow news of an inquest into Rigby 's death . The inquest opened Friday at Southwark Coroner 's Court and was quickly adjourned . Detective Chief Inspector Grant Mallon , the senior investigating officer into the death , said two men were incapacitated and detained at the scene of Rigby 's death . In all , 12 people have been arrested , including Adebolajo and Adebowale , in connection with the killing .  Two men , ages 42 and 46 , have been taken to a south London police station . One was arrested Friday in north London and the other in east London on suspicion of supplying illegal firearms .  Six others have been freed on bail , the most recent a 50-year-old man arrested last week on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .  Two were released without charges . Separately , a man who was arrested after he spoke in an interview about Adebolajo on BBC 's "  Newsnight " has been charged with two counts of dissemination of terrorist publications and one count of encouragement of terrorism . He is Ibrahim Abdullah-Hassan , also known as Abu Nusaybah . The charges are not connected to the Rigby murder investigation , police said . The killing of Rigby , who had served as an infantryman in Afghanistan and Cyprus , shocked people across the United Kingdom . He was married and had a 2-year-old son . On Monday , the British government announced that the Prime Minister David Cameron will lead a task force to tackle extremism -- a result of the Rigby killing . The task force will monitor radicalization in religious and educational institutions and challenge "  poisonous narratives , " the announcement said .	The hearing lasts 10 minutes Michael Adebolajo , 28 , has been charged with the murder of a British soldier Adebolajo also faces charges of the attempted murder of two police officers British PM to head task force to tackle radicalization
CNN  -- Recently , investors celebrated the birthday of the current bull market , which turned five years old . On this anniversary , it 's worth reflecting on how valuations , particularly of technology companies , are being calculated . On Thursday , the Wall Street Journal reported that Airbnb , a travel rental company , which has not released information about its revenue or profitability , may be approaching a valuation of $ 10 billion . Other startups in the IPO pipeline include a number of unprofitable companies like Box and Square , with rumored valuations in the billions . Have billion-dollar or multibillion-dollar valuations become the norm ? Is it all about hype and greed nowadays ? Whatever happened to the wisdom of investors like Warren Buffet who evaluated companies based on their profits and fundamental performances ? The value of any company is a function of the cash flow it will generate in the future . A healthy cash flow allows a company to repay its shareholders and initial investors who , understandably , expect their investment to be eventually reimbursed . Ordinary investors who rely on the hype surrounding a company rather than the company 's fundamentals may make decisions that they regret later on . Just ask anyone who invested in the Pets.com IPO about the danger of falling for overvalued companies . Granted , everyone in the tech industry -- from startup founders to venture capitalists -- is eager to find and bet on the next big thing . Still , the money being thrown around is mind-boggling . Even a decent business model and the potential for growth do not justify a multibillion-dollar valuation . Yet , Facebook recently offered an astounding $ 19 billion to buy WhatsApp , a popular messaging service . Though WhatsApp has reportedly been able to turn a small profit , this overblown acquisition price is higher than the market cap of 275 companies in the S&P 500 . Some market watchers have argued , as Michael Wolf did on CNN.com , that the WhatsApp acquisition is indicative of a fundamental shift , and that traditional "  old world " methods of determining valuation have been replaced by "  new world " metrics . For example , Wolf cited Facebook 's acquisition of WhatsApp at $ 42 per user , which is in line with price-per-user acquisitions of companies like YouTube , Tumblr and Instagram . This is one way of looking at things , but it 's severely flawed . The value of a customer is in the revenue the customer provides , not in his or her mere existence . If we look at the price-per-user metric without evaluating revenue per customer , the analysis becomes eerily similar to the late 1990s , during the dotcom boom when , for example , number of "  eyeballs " was a metric used to evaluate technology companies . Counting "  eyeballs " or "  user base " or "  potential " only works in a bull market when market momentum can make poor decisions seem wise . Perhaps we remember the NASDAQ 's high of 5048.62 , during the height of the tech boom , and not when it fell to 1114.11 in 2002 when the tech bubble burst . But bull markets do not last forever , and it 's important to make sure we 're evaluating companies based on their long-term value , regardless of market cycle . Of course , not all overvalued companies are "  bad " companies . Twitter , for example , has a sizable user base , solid revenue growth and an undeniably disruptive and innovative technology . It 's safe to say that Twitter has a lot of potential . However , the company 's valuation is simply not justified by its fundamental performance . Twitter 's stock is trading at nearly 45 times its 2013 revenue , and its profit multiple  a company 's market value expressed in terms of its earnings  is nonexistent , given that it has yet to establish a profitable business model . Sure , there are some companies , like Amazon , that do n't meet traditional metrics of financial strength that end up performing incredibly well in the stock market . But they are the exception , not the rule . Consider the example of Vonage , one of the hottest IPOs of 2006 . Despite losing 97 cents of every dollar in sales , the company had a $ 2.6 billion valuation . The company 's fundamentals did not match its valuation . The results speak for themselves , with Vonage shares currently trading at $ 4.53 , down from their $ 17.00 IPO price . We are forced to accede to the most logical and rational valuation methods ; otherwise , there is no structure to making investment decisions . For every Amazon , there are several Vonages . Despite what some market watchers say , the "  old world " method of valuing companies is still the best way of valuing companies . I suppose it 's true that Christopher Columbus made a great discovery by sailing the wrong way around the earth trying to find India . Here is a case where somebody happened upon great success based on incorrect data and methods . However , investors placing their bets on tech companies without basic fundamentals are more likely to resemble Ponce de Leon : map-less and looking hopelessly for the Fountain of Youth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Hamilton .	Brian Hamilton : Have billion-dollar valuations of companies become the norm ? Hamilton : Even a decent business model does not justify such high numbers WhatsApp 's acquisition price is above market cap of 275 companies in S&P 500 Hamilton : Investors should value companies based on fundamentals , like profitability
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There are around 200 known types of cancers . Some are far more widespread than others . Australian Professor Ian Frazer has developed a vaccine to prevent cervical cancer and is working on a vaccine for skin cancer . Cancer researchers are making significant breakthroughs in unlocking the complete genetic makeup of many common cancers . Through extensive studies and research , they are understanding exactly how the rogue cells differ from normal cells , and modifying treatments so they work on just the cancer cells . We take a look at some of the most common types of cancers plus some possible causes , treatments and developments . Lung Cancer Lung cancer develops when cells of the lungs divide and grow in an uncontrolled manner . There are two types of lung cancer : non-small cell lung cancer  NSCLC  and small cell lung cancer  SCLC  . The latter is more likely to spread further in the body in its early stages . Lung cancer is the most common cancer worldwide , according to the World Health Organization , with 1.2 million new cases every year . Nearly all lung cancers arise because of smoking and men have always been more affected by lung cancer than women . However , a rise in female smoking worldwide has started reversing the trend . Treatments Not all lung-cancer patients are suitable for surgery . Surgery on non-small cell lung cancers is more common than in small cell lung cancer , but can still only happen in a minority of cases . Other options are radio therapy and chemotherapy . Developments In December 2008 , scientists pinpointed a gene that protects against lung cancer . It is hoped the discovery of the role of the tumor suppressor gene -- LIMD1 -- may lead to new treatments and techniques to pick up the disease earlier . The disease is often not picked up until it has reached an advanced stage and many patients die within a year of being diagnosed . Skin Cancer Skin cancer is a malignant growth on the skin . It generally develops in the outermost layer of skin , so a tumor is usually clearly visible and easier to detect than most other cancers . Skin cancer is the most diagnosed form of the disease , surpassing lung , breast , colorectal and prostate cancer . Melanoma is a type of skin cancer that usually starts within a mole or a dark spot on the skin . If found early , simple surgical treatment works well and usually leads to a cure , the British Medical Journal advises . However they can spread quickly and are responsible for the majority of skin-cancer-related deaths . It 's not entirely clear why skin cancers develop , but according to the U.S. National Institute of Health , UV radiation from the sun is the main cause . UV radiation is particularly harmful for children and teenagers and even a short exposure can lead to skin cancer much later in life . Diagnosis and Treatment Diagnosis is made with a skin biopsy , under local anesthetic with an injection . Treatment depends on the circumstances of the cancer and the patient ; including age , type of cancer and location . Treatments can include , amongst others , radiotherapy  radiation  , chemotherapy  pills  and surgery . Developments Scientists have recently conducted experiments on "  immune-priming , " -- using the patients ' own immune systems to fight the skin cancer . This therapy is still relatively new , but has been shown to boost the immune system and thereby attack skin cancers and viruses . The Australian scientist who developed a vaccine for cervical cancer , Ian Frazer , told Australia 's Medical Research Congress in November 2008 that he is working on a skin cancer vaccine that could be available within a decade . Breast Cancer Breast cancer is a disease in which malignant cells form in the breast tissue , leading to damage to the cells ' DNA . This results in cell division and growth and eventually leads to the formation of a lump . The malignant cells can then invade other organs where metastases  secondary lumps  may form . Breast cancer is the most common in women , affecting one in nine women at some point in their lives . The World Health Organization states that breast cancer is the fifth most common cause of cancer deaths , causing 502,000 deaths worldwide in 2005 . Diagnosis and Treatment Women are encouraged to check their breasts regularly for any lumps or other irregularities , such as discharge from the nipple . General practitioners or gynecologists can also do physical checks . To make a diagnosis , doctors can perform a mammogram or an ultrasound and take a tissue sample . Once a lump has been identified as malignant , the most common treatments are surgery , radiation therapy and chemotherapy . Developments Interstitial laser thermotherapy  ILT  is a relatively new minimally invasive , laser surgery procedure that reduces the possibility of complications during and after an operation . Prostate Cancer Prostate cancer develops in the prostate , a gland in the male reproductive system . It occurs when cells of the prostate mutate and begin to multiply out of control . These cells may spread from the prostate to other parts of the body . Rates of prostate cancer vary widely across the world and are most common in Europe and the United States . It is least common in South and East Asia , according to the figures from Cancer Research UK . A quarter of all new cases of cancer diagnosed in British men are prostate cancers . Almost 60 per cent of prostate cancer cases are diagnosed in men aged over 70 years . Diagnosis and Treatment Prostate cancer is most often discovered by prostate specific antigen  PSA  screening and less commonly by physical examination through the rectum or by the appearance of symptoms . Treatment options for prostate cancer depend on the age of the man , his health and the spread of the cancer . The most common treatments are surgery and radiation therapy . Colorectal cancer Colorectal cancer , also called colon cancer or large bowel cancer , includes cancerous growths in the colon , rectum and appendix . According to the WHO , colorectal cancer causes 655,000 deaths worldwide per year and is the third most common form of cancer and the second leading cause of cancer-related death in the Western world Risk factors and symptoms According to the American Cancer Society , the following factors increase the risk for colorectal cancer :  Age : Most cases occur in people in their 60s and 70s . Cases in people aged 50 or under are uncommon unless a family history of early colon cancer is present .  Women who have had cancer of the ovary , uterus , or breast have a higher risk of developing colorectal cancer .  A history of colorectal cancer in the family  Smoking Treatment Surgery is the primary treatment , while radiotherapy and chemotherapy can be applied depending on the patient , the tumor 's stage and other medical factors . If performed at a late stage or when the cancer has already spread , colorectal cancer is unlikely to be cured with surgery .	We take a look at some common types of cancers and the facts behind them 7.9 million people died from cancer in 2007 , according to the WHO Projections say cancer could overcome heart disease as the leading cause of death
Almaty , Kazakhstan  CNN  -- Representatives from six world powers and Iran wrapped up an inconclusive day at the negotiating table Friday in Kazakhstan after attempting to break the deadlock over Iran 's controversial nuclear program . When negotiators from the six-nation diplomatic bloc last sat down with Iran 's envoy in the Kazakh city of Almaty in February , they delivered what they characterized as a "  fair and balanced offer " to defuse tensions over the Iranian nuclear program . "  We are waiting to see how Iran responds to the proposal we put on the table , " Michael Mann , a European Union spokesman , told journalists shortly after negotiations resumed on Friday . By the end of the day , however , at least one Western diplomat expressed disappointment on the day 's progress . "  We had a long and substantial discussion on the issues , but we remain a long way apart on the substance , " said a Western diplomat , on condition of anonymity . Instead of delivering the "  concrete response " Western governments had expected , Iran announced it is making its own proposal to the negotiating parties . Iran 's deputy chief negotiator said the offer is based on a previous PowerPoint presentation that the Iranian delegation submitted during a round of talks in Moscow in June 2012 . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran proposed a practical method to implement the Moscow plan in a smaller scale , " Ali Baghery said in a statement issued to journalists Friday . The offer , he said , was aimed at establishing "  a new bedrock of cooperation . " Questions fly around any plan to attack Iran Details of last February 's offer from the six countries represented across the negotiating table from Iran have not yet been made public . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton described the offer as a "  very clear and concise proposal " for confidence-building measures . Last month , technical experts from Iran and the so-called "  P5 +1 " countries , which consist of the United States , France , Britain , Germany , China and Russia , met for more than 12 hours in Istanbul to discuss the proposal . Painful sanctions The P5 +1 governments are demanding that Iran come clean about its nuclear program , which they suspect includes covert development of nuclear weapons . Iran consistently denies those charges , arguing it is only enriching uranium and building nuclear reactors for peaceful civilian energy needs . But those arguments have failed to prevent Western governments from imposing draconian sanctions that are crippling the Iranian economy . Oil exports have plummeted over the past several years , as has the value of Iran 's currency . Washington has vowed it will continue to put pressure on Tehran . "  As long as Iran does not take concrete steps to address the concerns of the international community about its nuclear program , the dual-track process continues . And that pressure only will increase if Iran does not begin to take concrete steps and concrete actions , " said a senior U.S. administration official in a telephone briefing to journalists this week . The official spoke on condition of anonymity . Lost revenue , foreign investment Iran argues that as a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , development of nuclear technology is an inalienable right . On the eve of the talks in Kazakhstan , Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili , repeated this position in a speech given at a university in Almaty . "  It is the right of the Iranian people to peaceful nuclear energy and most importantly to enrichment , " Jalili said . A report recently published by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace concluded that sanctions are unlikely to force Tehran to give up its nuclear program . The report , titled "  Iran 's Nuclear Odyssey , " highlighted the fact that Tehran 's quest for a nuclear program has been going on for more than half a century , beginning under the rule of the pro-American shah , Reza Pahlavi , and continuing under the revolutionary Islamic republic that overthrew him . "  The program 's cost -- measured in lost foreign investment and oil revenue -- has been well over $ 100 billion , " Carnegie said . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We remain a long way apart on the substance , " a Western diplomat says Iran lays out its own proposal to envoys from six world powers at Almaty talks Negotiators have been waiting to hear Iran 's response to a proposal from February World powers suspect Iran 's nuclear program includes covert development of weapons
Cleveland  CNN  -- The Cleveland woman who was held the longest at Ariel Castro 's house of horrors was there to see it shortly before it was torn down Wednesday . Michelle Knight handed out yellow helium-filled balloons Wednesday morning to people who 'd gathered for the demolition of the 1,400-square-foot house where she and two other women were raped and held captive for roughly a decade . Minutes later , a hydraulic excavator began reducing the house to rubble , destroying the site of one of Cleveland 's most notorious crimes . Knight told reporters that she was at the demolition site in part to remind relatives of abducted children that all is not necessarily lost . "  I want the people out there to know -- including the mothers -- that they can have strength , they can have hope , and their child will come back , " she said . Castro forfeited the house on Seymour Avenue as part of a July plea deal with prosecutors that took the death penalty off the table in exchange for a life sentence , plus 1,000 years in prison . Castro 's victims resilient after years of abuse Demolition began around 7:30 a.m. as an aunt of another former Castro captive , Georgina DeJesus , made the first hit on the house , operating the excavator with assistance . By 10 a.m. the house had virtually been leveled , and the excavator 's arm was dropping debris into a garbage truck . Before the demolition , Knight gave out balloons and , standing not far from the house where she lived an 11-year nightmare , she led a group in releasing them into the air . She said they represented abducted children who were never found . "  I go from here as being a motivational speaker and let everybody know that they are heard , that they are loved , and that there is hope for everyone , " she said . The goal is to tear the house down and get the property filled in , graded and seeded in a single day , said Gus Frangos , president of Cuyahoga Land Bank , which is supervising the demolition . Castro pleaded guilty last month to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping . The charges stem from his kidnapping , rape and assault of three women : Knight , abducted in 2002 ; DeJesus , abducted in 2004 ; and Amanda Berry , abducted in 2003 . Also held was Berry 's daughter , who was born at the home six years ago . DNA tests confirmed that Castro is the girl 's father . Berry and her daughter escaped from the home with the help of a neighbor on May 6 , calling police in her now famous 911 call : "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry . I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here . I 'm free now . " Knight 's visit to Castro 's home was at least her second in a week . On Friday , she stood outside and looked at the house at 2207 Seymour Ave. , a neighbor said . Victim returns to Cleveland house where she was held for 11 years She also attended Castro 's sentencing Thursday , telling him "  I spent 11 years in hell . Now , your hell is just beginning . " Castro 's friends and family removed personal items from the home Monday , including musical instruments and photographs . Police said most of the items removed Monday were personal items left over after investigators collected evidence . Berry also visited the house this week , collecting pictures drawn by her daughter . Ariel Castro 's son : I wo n't visit dad in prison Castro reconfigured the home to keep the captives ' whereabouts a secret , FBI agent Andrew Burke testified during the sentencing . The back door was outfitted with an alarm , bedspreads and curtains obscured parts of the home , and a porch swing was placed in front of the stairs leading to the rooms where Castro held the three . Why so many high-profile crimes in Cleveland ? CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	NEW : Ariel Castro 's house razed ; site to be graded and seeded Michelle Knight releases balloons outside home before demolition begins Plans call for the house to be torn down and the lot cleared in a single day Castro , who held three women captive in the house , pleaded guilty to 937 counts
As India grapples with how to better protect women and girls from sexual assault , a court over the weekend convicted six men in the gang rape of a Swiss tourist . The court in the province of Datia sentenced them to life in prison on Saturday for the March rape and robbery , public prosecutor Rajendra Iwari said . The men have denied the charges and may appeal . The victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across India and had set up camp near a forest in Datia district when a group of men assaulted them , beating the husband and raping the wife , according to police . Anger , frustration over rapes in India : ` Mindset has n't changed ' The men were members of a local tribe who live near where the travelers were camping . Investigators recovered valuables stolen from the couple during the attack , including a laptop computer , a mobile phone and 10,000 rupees  $ 185  . The couple decided to stay in India to pursue charges against the men . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis News of the incident triggered protests organized by opposition lawmakers in India 's Madhya Pradesh state . They called on the state 's home minister to resign due to an alleged "  collapse of law and order , " as Ajay Singh , an opposition leader , put it at the time . India 's intense public dialogue on rape began in December , after the gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in a bus in New Delhi . The student died in a Singapore hospital . WHO : 1 in 3 women experience physical or sexual violence Her case focused the nation 's attention and anger on sex crimes . An outcry quickly grew over reportedly widespread harassment of women in public . Demonstrators took to the streets to call for stricter laws on sexual assault and changes in cultural attitudes toward women . Subsequent sex abuse cases have triggered public outrage , including the rapes of young children in April and May and the alleged rape of an American tourist in June . Norwegian woman : I was raped in Dubai , now I face prison sentence	India is grappling with how to better protect women and girls from sexual assault The victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across India The court sentenced the men to life in prison They were members of a local tribe near where the travelers were camping
CNN  -- We are now able to project a winner in the 2012 presidential race : Brooks & Dunn . Again . If that was n't clear enough already , it became abundantly so at the end of Newt Gingrich 's victory speech in South Carolina last weekend . As Gingrich left the stage , his campaign staff played a song through the speaker system . The song was "  Only in America , " by the country duo Brooks & Dunn . Of course . That song has become a bipartisan standard in recent presidential campaigns . George W. Bush and Dick Cheney used it at their rallies ; Barack Obama used it at his rallies ; John McCain used it at his rallies ; and now Gingrich is using it . Mitt Romney , too . Politicians have long utilized campaign songs , but it is unusual for Republicans and Democrats to share the same song . After Bill Clinton used Fleetwood Mac 's "  Do n't Stop  Thinking About Tomorrow  " in his 1992 campaign , it would have been inconceivable for a Republican opponent to use it at GOP rallies that year , or for Republicans four years later to use it . It would have reminded potential voters of the other guy . But "  Only in America " has managed to transcend party lines ; its lyrics , about the U.S. ideal of opportunity for all , seem to speak to a deeply held national belief , even a yearning , and the insistent opening guitar chords rivet an audience . "  Only in America , " Ronnie Dunn 's voice sings , "  Dreaming in red , white and blue ; Only in America , Where we dream as big as we want to . ... " When Obama , late in the summer of 2008 , finished his speech accepting his party 's nomination for president in that packed Invesco Field football stadium in Denver , there was the Brooks & Dunn song booming out of the speakers , becoming the soundtrack of the historic moment . That four years earlier the song had been playing at Bush/Cheney events did n't seem to matter . "  We all get a chance , Everybody gets to dance . ... " Brooks & Dunn , after a 20-year career of platinum albums and No. 1 hits , have broken up and no longer perform together . But last week I was able to get in touch with both Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn , and in separate conversations we talked about what having their song become the go-to anthem for presidential candidates means . "  The song was never intended to be partisan , and it is n't , " said Dunn . He was in rehearsals for a solo tour in support of his new single , "  Let the Cowboy Rock , " and even though the Brooks & Dunn duo is no more , he said he often thinks about the political life that song of theirs has taken on . "  It 's about the opportunity , in America , to try to attain anything you want , " he said . When , in 2008 , the song began to be heard at rallies for both sides  neither candidate had asked for their permission  , he and Brooks made the decision not to say anything publicly about their private political preferences : "  We kind of laid low . We did that on purpose . " Which made all kinds of sense . Some singers and bands , when their songs are played by candidates they do n't favor , loudly demand that the candidate stop immediately . Dunn and his partner instinctively realized that if both parties had adopted "  Only in America , " they should just sit back and let their work be constantly heard by citizens of every political persuasion . When good fortune unexpectedly comes raining down on you , the last thing you want to do is reach for an umbrella . "  I 'm moved by the whole thing , " Dunn said . "  Of all the voices in America , to have my voice be the one that sings those words ... " Kix Brooks , who is completing his own solo album and also hosts the syndicated radio show "  American Country Countdown , " told me , "  The song was never Republican or Democrat . I think that politicians of both parties get that . " Brooks wrote the song , in collaboration with Nashville songwriters Don Cook and Ronnie Rogers , as simply "  an appreciation of our freedoms in America . " When Brooks & Dunn were filling arenas and stadiums night after night , there would come a moment , midway through "  Only in America , " when local members of the military invited by the band -- usually four or five of them , from the different branches , always in uniform -- would march in crisp formation onto the stage , and would face the audience , then salute . The audiences would stand and cheer , some people with tears flowing . It might be the one and only time in the lives of the young men and women from the Army , the Marines , the Navy and the Air Force when they would have a moment like this : when they would be onstage in front of tens of thousand of people , and be applauded with gratitude for the sacrifice they were making . "  After the song , " Brooks said , "  the soldiers would leave the stage , and I would look at them , and they would just be glowing . " Campaign songs have always been a tradition with presidential candidates -- "  Marching with McKinley " for William McKinley , "  He 's All Right " for Benjamin Harrison , "  Get On a Raft with Taft " for William Howard Taft , "  Keep Cool and Keep Coolidge " for Calvin Coolidge -- but only in recent years have songs that are already big hits , and that were not written for a candidate , been made a regular part of campaign playlists . With the Brooks & Dunn song , neither political party seems to want to be the one not to play it . It has , without any push from the men who sang it , managed to become a part of the presidential process . "  If the candidates want our song to come out of their speakers , it 's fine with me , " said Brooks , who was born in Shreveport , Louisiana , during Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first term . "  I just feel lucky . I never got tired of singing it " said Dunn , who was born in Coleman , Texas , also while Eisenhower was in the White House . Only in America . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says the winner in the 2012 presidential race will be country duo Brooks & Dunn He says their song "  Only in America " is used by both Democratic and GOP campaigns He says they keep politics to themselves , are proud their song is meaningful to left and right Greene : Used by everyone from Obama to Bush to Gingrich , song part of campaign process
Seoul  CNN  -- Luke Elie claims he and his American basketball team introduced the high five to North Korea . It 's a big claim , but anything 's possible after the group of fourteen players and coaches held a week of training camps for North Korean students in the capital , Pyongyang . "  We really wanted to promote basketball , diplomacy , friendship , break those barriers , " said Elie who founded the club -- Coaches Team -- while living in South Korea . The club 's stated mission is to "  use basketball to break down political and social boundaries that exist all around the globe . " Growing up with his missionary parents in South Korea close to the DMZ -- or demilitarized zone , separating north and south -- Elie always wanted to see what was happening in Pyongyang . "  North Korea was a place that was so close yet so far away . " Elie believes his was the first American basketball team ever to visit North Korea . His intention was to foster friendships and build trust through sport . "  We wanted to ... bring in a whole team of Americans and say hey we 're not those guys you see on posters , " he said . "  We 're not those guys you hate so much , we want to be separated from the government and let the government do whatever they want . " Relations between Washington and Pyongyang have long been strained . Tensions rose earlier this year after the North Korean regime defied international warnings and launched a long-range rocket . The U.S. and other countries saw the launch as cover for a ballistic missile test . But Coaches Team was adamant their visit would ignore politics . The players had far more interaction with North Koreans than most tourists do , although Elie admits the students they trained were suspicious of them in the beginning . "  At first there was distance , " he said . "  But before the end of the games and practicing sessions , the kids were definitely laughing with us . It took a while to get laughs out of the kids , we did n't know why they did n't smile . " Basketball is one American import that the North Korean leadership may not object to . The young leader Kim Jong Un is believed to love the sport as did his father , the late Kim Jong Il , who is rumored to have been a big fan of basketball star Michael Jordan . Elie hopes that may help when they try to return next year . But even though the trip was a sporting one , the team did not escape the usual North Korean propaganda . They were taken by their tour group to the USS Pueblo , a U.S. Navy spy ship captured by Pyongyang in 1968 and told stories of the "  US imperialists , " but that did n't seem to phase Elie . "  We tried not to look to the anti-Americanism or the propaganda , we knew it was coming , we were briefed ahead of time and we did n't want to get caught up in that . " The group also attended a Protestant church service . Human rights groups claim that North Korean Christians have faced persecution in the past for practicing their religion . "  To actually go there and be a part of a church service of that kind was actually very shocking , it was very enlightening and actually a very interesting experience , " said Elie , himself a Christian . And there was the obligatory visit to the huge bronze statues of North Korean founder Kim Il Sung and his son Kim Jong Il . Other sightseeing tours included Pyongyang 's funfair and the famous Juche Tower , named after Kim Il Sung 's principle of "  Juche " or "  self-reliance . " The players and coaches raised $ 50,000 themselves to fund the trip . They 're hoping to find sponsorship for future visits -- and Elie is determined there will be more training tours . "  We 've seen as athletes and as someone who 's played and traveled all around the world and with groups that have done likewise , " he said "  We 've seen what basketball can do to break down barriers or race , religion and anything else you could ever imagine . " CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	American basketball club held training camps for North Korean students Club founder Luke Elie grew up with his missionary parents in South Korea close to the DMZ Elie believes his was the first American basketball team ever to visit North Korea New leader Kim Jong Un is believed to love basketball , as did his father
CNN  -- He 's just 15 and the world is seemingly already at his feet . Last month , Martin Odegaard became Norway 's youngest international footballer in a friendly against the United Arab Emirates , provoking huge media interest and the hungry attention of Europe 's top clubs . Such is the focus on the midfielder that 35 scouts from some of those teams -- including Manchester United and Liverpool of the English Premier League -- came to watch him at a recent Under-21 match . "  In the beginning it was unreal and a little bit surreal that all these clubs wanted Martin , but it 's strange what you can get used to , " his father Hans Erik Odegaard tells CNN . "  Almost every top European club has been in touch . " His international debut is not Odegaard 's only record-breaking feat this year . In April he became the youngest player in the history of the Tippeligaen when he made his debut for Stromsgodset in a top-flight game against Aalesund . He followed that up by scoring the fourth goal in a 4-1 win over Sarpsborg to become the youngest scorer in the Norwegian league . Former Norway international Morten Gamst Pedersen has described Odegaard 's potential as "  unbelievable , " while manager Ronny Deila -- who gave the teen his Stromsgodset debut before joining Scottish club Celtic -- says he can "  become the best in the world . " Odegaard 's father , a former footballer at Stromsgodset and Sandefjord , recalls the moment when he realized his son might have what it takes to play professionally . "  I saw from a very early age that ` he had the feeling , ' but I remember very well when I knew he 'd be quite good , " he said . "  I was still playing and Martin must have been no more than eight . I was out on the pitch running some intervals . He was , as always , with me . When I was finished I wanted to go home , but we could n't before he had done 50 more shots  at goal  . "  Then I understood he also had a talent for training and that is the most important talent you can have . " "  Quite good " probably does n't do Odegaard 's myriad talents justice , given he has been compared to Lionel Messi or -- closer to Scandinavia -- the legendary Denmark international Michael Laudrup , who played for Juventus , Barcelona and Real Madrid . "  I 'm sure you can compare him with many , but I do n't like to do that , " reflects Hans Erik . "  Those players are and were so good and Martin is at the start of his career . " Former Monaco chief executive Tor-Kristian Karlsen , who is Norwegian and has watched Odegaard 's progress over the last few months , is a fan . "  He 's obviously still in the early stages of his development but his understanding of the game is very impressive , " says Karlsen . "  He plays in bursts , so you might not notice him for five minutes , but he has good movement and can take people on . " Young , gifted and talented Books such as Malcolm Gladwell 's "  Outliers , " Geoff Colvin 's "  Talent is Overrated " and "  The Talent Code " by Daniel Coyle all explore the idea that to become an expert you need to practice any skill for 10,000 hours . What 's clear from Odegaard 's prodigious development is that his success has been helped by a specialized training regime and his thirst to learn and practice . "  I have been a regional trainer for the best boys in this area , and I checked how much they trained with the team and by themselves , " says Hans Erik . "  Martin is training more than double than these boys did -- at least 20 hours a week . " It 's not just how much he trains -- it 's also the type of training he has focused on by doing everything with the ball . "  The boys loved it when I joked about other teams that warmed up with running instead of using the ball , " adds Hans Erik . "  I always said that they should maybe do athletics . " Hans Erik believes Martin has been able to cope with the demands of professional football and making his international debut at such an early age because of the work done to develop his first touch and "  quick feet . " "  It 's the pace of the game that makes the difference in adjusting to different levels , " says Hans Erik . "  We 've used so many hours in working with his first and second touch to take off the pressure . "  We have worked a lot on bringing the ball closely to his feet , so he can change direction quickly , so even if he 's physically weaker than the others he does n't get caught because he 's able to get away . " Family fortunes Now 40 , Hans Erik admits that , as a player , he was "  a runner with a big heart and scored some goals " -- so does Martin 's talent come from his mother Lene ? "  She played handball and sprinted , " says Hans Erik , before joking : "  She tells us she was fantastic , but none of us , or any others , has seen that . " While Hans Erik 's professional career has given him advantages in overseeing Martin 's progression as a player , he admits it has given him difficulties as a father in his relationship with his son . "  I was always afraid of favoring him . We were always changing captain , but he was never picked , " he says . "  The expectations were high on him so it happened that I sometimes yelled at him and one day another parent came to me and said that I was too hard with Martin . "  Then Martin and I agreed that he should always get the feedback when we were alone in the car after the game . That was a good solution . "  We 've always -- and still do -- talked so much about football . His natural understanding for the game makes him a very smart player . Since he was 10 I could discuss football with him as an adult . " Stay or go ? Hans Erik , who has so far avoided using agents to advise on his son 's career , concedes that "  the level of the Norwegian league is n't as strong as many other European leagues . " So what 's next for the wunderkind from the port city of Drammen who has already visited Manchester United as well as German clubs Bayern Munich , Stuttgart and Borussia Dortmund ? Karlsen believes going to a country like the Netherlands would benefit the 15-year-old . "  If he went to some other countries they might take something out of his game , by telling him to get rid of the ball , " Karlsen says . "  In Holland , they are not so concerned with the results . " Whatever Odegaard does next , his father insists the decision will not be influenced by money . "  In the end it 's all about development , " he says . "  Nothing else matters . I 'm allergic to boys who are satisfied getting into an academy or winning a first-team contract , because you have n't achieved nothing "  It 's a danger when there 's so much attention to him from clubs and the media . I think he has handled it very well so far and he has his feet on the ground . "  When we are talking with the clubs we have just talked about sport . We 're also in a position that it 's not obvious that he will go abroad now . " And amid all the hype and record breaking , Odegaard 's father insists that his son 's education will not be forgotten . "  He will still , of course , go to school . I do n't think it 's good for any young boy just to play football and PlayStation . You need to work with your brain too and to develop as a person . "	Martin Odegaard became Norway 's youngest international in August The 15-year-old made his professional debut in April Potential is "  unbelievable " according to one former Norway international Odegaard 's father Hans Erik played in the Norwegian league
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Tiger Woods has changed his cell phone number and is not talking to some of his famous friends , NBA legend Charles Barkley said , following Woods ' sex scandal that erupted last month . Barkley and filmmaker Spike Lee talked about their concern for the golfer during the taping of a one-hour special -- "  With All Due Respect " -- to air Sunday on HLN , a CNN sister network . "  I think when you have these fires in your life , as I call them , you need to talk to somebody else who is famous who -LSB- has -RSB- been through things in their life , " Barkley said . "  I do n't think you can talk about it to your family and friends , because your family and friends , they 're not famous . " Lee said he had hoped Barkley or retired NBA star Michael Jordan could counsel Woods on how to survive the crisis . "  He 's insulated , " Lee said . "  If Charles Barkley and Michael Jordan ca n't get to him , and those are his boys , then other people are making bad moves . " Woods , in a written statement that acknowledged "  my infidelity , " announced last week that he is taking "  an indefinite break " from professional golf . The 33-year-old golfer , who tops the sport 's world rankings , has been mired in controversy since he crashed his car outside his Florida mansion in late November . The crash prompted authorities to cite him for careless driving and fine him $ 164 .	Tiger Woods should lean on his famous friends , NBA legend and filmmaker say But Woods has changed his number and is n't talking , Charles Barkley says Barkley : "  You need to talk to somebody else ... famous who -LSB- has -RSB- been through things " Golf star , who acknowledged "  infidelity , " is taking a break from the sport
CNN  -- He has been called "  a great seducer " -- a politician whose relationships with women have landed him in trouble . He 's also known for his brilliant grasp of global economics and European politics . But for Dominique Gaston Andre Strauss-Kahn -- head of the powerful International Monetary Fund and , until this weekend , presumptive front-runner for the presidency of France -- the most relevant issue today may be whether he can stay out of prison . Strauss-Kahn , 62 , is charged with chasing a hotel employee down the hall of his posh New York hotel suite on Saturday and sexually assaulting her . Read the criminal complaint  contains graphic language   pdf Police allege he attacked the 32-year-old woman at Manhattan 's Sofitel Hotel . Later in the day , authorities pulled him from his first-class seat on a Paris-bound flight minutes before its scheduled departure . Now , instead of preparing to lead France 's Socialist Party against Nicolas Sarkozy next year , he is preparing to defend himself against charges of attempted rape , unlawful imprisonment , forcible touching , and sexual abuse . The arrest of Strauss-Kahn triggered intense political chatter across the Atlantic . In France , it delivered what the Paris newspaper Le Figaro called a "  thunderclap " to the presidential race . And some at the headquarters of Strauss-Kahn 's Socialist party were in tears Monday after the news . Arrest rocks French presidential race The incident has also disrupted the rhythm of the IMF , which assists countries suffering economic difficulties by providing loans . Founded after World War II , the IMF is composed of 187 countries . Politically , "  it 's over . He 's done , " said Simon Serfaty , a senior European analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington think tank . Strauss-Kahn "  can not recover , " Serfaty told CNN . It is , by any standard , a stunning fall for the man many presumed would be the next occupant of the Elysee Palace . It 's also a cautionary tale for those who might forget how quickly sexual allegations can bring down even the most influential leaders . Long before he ended up on the front pages of the tabloids , Strauss-Kahn was well-known to followers of global financial news . The University of Paris-educated economist has headed the IMF for the duration of the current global financial crisis . In doing so , he has played a lead role in bailing out the economies of Greece and Ireland , as well as propping up Europe 's currency , the euro . "  He was a strong and effective leader , " said Tsung-Mei Cheng , a health policy research analyst at the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University . "  He made the IMF not only effective , but credible . " Strauss-Kahn has been a force in French politics for a quarter century , first winning election to that country 's National Assembly -- the lower house of parliament -- in 1986 . He was President Francois Mitterrand 's trade minister from 1991 to 1993 , and went on to serve as finance minister in the late 1990s . During that period , Paris joined the euro and ditched the franc . Strauss-Kahn lost a fight with Segolene Royal for the Socialist Party 's presidential nomination in 2006 . One year later , he was named managing director of the IMF . Married to his third wife and father of four children , he has also taught economics at Stanford University in California and at the prestigious Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris , known as Sciences Po . "  He is a very serious political figure as well as a senior economic and financial figure , " noted Heather Conley , director of the Center for Strategic and International Studies ' Europe program . He "  understands what needs to be done in terms of economics and what can be done in terms of politics , " Serfaty said . A dominant figure in the French left , Strauss-Kahn gained a reputation over the years as someone who enjoys a lavish lifestyle . It was well-known that he is "  not alien or indifferent to money , " Serfaty said . He has "  been interested in his earnings . " In 1999 , after an allegation of unethical financial doings involving his consulting business , Strauss-Kahn resigned his ministerial post . He was acquitted of the charges . As head of the IMF , Strauss-Kahn pulled in an annual tax-free salary of more than $ 420,000 , according to a 2007 statement from the organization . He also received more than $ 75,000 for "  a scale of living appropriate " to his position . To the extent that there was a perceived conflict between his socialist political ideals and wealthy lifestyle , it was n't an issue for most French voters , Serfaty asserted . It is Strauss-Kahn 's sexual reputation that is more relevant today . Long before he found himself in legal trouble in the United States , there was "  no question " that he "  had a marked interest in the other sex , " Serfaty said . Strauss-Kahn 's history of misconduct charges Political analysts routinely note that allegations of infidelity are generally much less likely to derail a political career in France than in America . There is simply a "  different cultural context in France " to most sexual issues , Conley noted . Strauss-Kahn became embroiled in sexual controversy soon after joining the IMF . He acknowledged reports that he 'd had an improper physical relationship with a female employee . The relationship was consensual , an independent inquiry found . The IMF 's executive board concluded in October 2008 that "  there was no harassment , favoritism or any other abuse of authority by the managing director . " Nevertheless , the board found "  that the incident was regrettable and reflected a serious error of judgment , " the IMF said in a written statement . Strauss-Kahn issued a statement after the investigation , noting that he had "  apologized for it to the  board of directors  , to the staff of the IMF and to my family , " as well as to the employee . Strauss-Kahn 's departure from the IMF would not leave a huge void , said Reginald Dale , a senior fellow in the Europe Program at the Center for Strategic and Intelligence Services , a Washington-based think thank . "  If you fire the manager of a sports team , it still goes on playing while waiting for a new manager , " he said . "  Strauss-Kahn is not indispensable at the IMF . " Dale said Strauss-Kahn liked to be known by his initials -- as DSK . "  Ever since JFK , which is the airport , ironically , at which he was arrested , French politicians and even intellectuals have loved to try to establish themselves with a three-initial moniker because it has that sort of ring of prestige . " He cited the philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy , or BHL , as an example . What is surprising to many observers is the new assertion that Strauss-Kahn -- a man with no criminal record -- physically forced himself on a woman . "  Like all Frenchmen , I was stupefied , " said Michel Taubmann , who has written a biography of Strauss-Khan . "  I was incredulous . " Taubmann , who recounted Strauss-Khan 's amorous adventures in his book , described the economist as "  a French lover ... a great seducer . " But the man he studied "  could not be a rapist , " Taubmann said . "  Imagine that that man , who is an extremely intelligent man , who is a great economist , who is a very nice man in his personal comportment , who is a father of a family , who is a grandfather , " Taubmann told CNN . "  I ca n't believe that he could be sexually aggressive against a young woman as he is accused of doing in New York . " Yet , other charges against Strauss-Kahn are now surfacing in the wake of his arrest . Anne Mansouret , a Socialist member of the French parliament , said Monday that Strauss-Kahn attacked her daughter in 2002 . French politician : Strauss-Kahn attacked my daughter Mansouret said she cautioned her daughter , Tristane Banon , not to file a police report at the time , saying it might adversely impact her career . At the time , Banon was an aspiring journalist . CNN does not typically name assault victims , but Mansouret said her daughter gave permission for her name to be disclosed . Strauss-Kahn was never charged . However , in light of the charges filed against Strauss-Kahn in the wake of the alleged incident in New York , Banon 's attorney in France , David Koubbi , has said he and the young woman are considering whether to file a complaint . Regardless , Strauss-Kahn has a number of defenders . Some supporters are grumbling about the incident in New York allegedly being a political "  set-up . " Strauss-Kahn 's attorney , Benjamin Brafman , insists his client will "  quite likely " be exonerated . While most Americans likely had n't heard of Strauss-Kahn before this past weekend , his fall may prove to be of interest for reasons beyond the obvious . At the time of Strauss-Kahn 's arrest , the IMF was preparing for a critical meeting relating to a bailout for Portugal , an extension of the Greek bailout , and the selection of a new European Central Bank head , Conley noted . Europe , a huge U.S. export market , currently holds nearly $ 3 trillion worth of U.S. Treasury bonds , Conley said . American banks hold $ 1.4 trillion in European debt . The "  worst-case scenario " is that Strauss-Kahn 's removal as IMF head would lead to a "  shock that sets the global economy back , " she said . "  We need to care about this issue . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Dominique Strauss-Kahn is known as a brilliant economist and tough politician He was seen as the likely Socialist opponent to Sarkozy next year Strauss-Kahn has a reputation as a womanizer The new accusations could have consequences for the IMF and the world economy
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus is hearing about her infamous twerking performance at the MTV Video Music Awards from her TV grandmother . "  I know what a lot of my generation is thinking : They 're appalled , " Vicki Lawrence tells CNN . Lawrence played Miley 's "  Mamaw Ruthie " from 2006 to 2011 on the Disney Channel 's "  Hannah Montana . " Lawrence does n't admire the performance itself , but she admits it was a PR triumph . "  She pushed the envelope a little bit , but she 's what everybody is talking about in the news right now , " Lawrence said . Lawrence began working on "  Hannah Montana " back when Miley was barely a teenager . She says even then , she could tell Cyrus had star potential . "  She did have a lot of talent from the get-go , and  was  very precocious -- very much more mature than her age , very much aware , body awareness and all that , " Lawrence said . "  So I 'm not sure that any of this really surprises me . " If Miley had body awareness back then , the whole country is aware of it now . But whether the outrageous twerking episode was a good career move in the long run , Lawrence is n't sure . "  Miley  might be very smart . She might be really wrong . "	Actress Vicki Lawrence weighs in on Miley Cyrus ' twerking Lawrence played Cyrus ' grandmother on "  Hannah Montana " Lawrence spoke highly of her co-star but questions the VMA stunt
Athens  CNN  -- Minor scuffles broke out Wednesday between demonstrators and police in Athens as thousands of Greeks took to the streets to protest new austerity measures that critics describe as draconian . The daylong general strike is the first called by unions since Greece 's new coalition government was formed in June and comes as the country grapples with an economic crisis and heavy debt burden . Police spokesman Panagiotis Papapetropoulos told CNN that some protesters had thrown Molotov cocktails in Syntagma Square , opposite the Greek parliament building in central Athens . Police responded with tear gas . Live footage from the square as the trouble briefly flared showed smoke rising from burning tires , as police in riot gear faced hooded protesters lobbing petrol bombs . At least 20 people were arrested amid the disorder , Papapetropoulos said . By late afternoon , the protest had dispersed . Police put the number of demonstrators in Athens at about 35,000 ; while protest organizers said more than 50,000 people had turned out . In return for international bailout funds , Greece has agreed to a harsh austerity program and labor market reforms -- measures that have led to violent street demonstrations in the past . Give Greece more time , says French prime minister The Greek government is seeking new ways to implement budget cuts of 11.5 billion euros  $ 14.49 billion  to ensure the country receives another international bailout installment in October . The one-day strike in protest against further cuts was organized by the two biggest unions in the country , with rallies in a number of cities across Greece , including Patras , west of Athens . CNN iReporter Costas Liveris , a public worker , was among those taking part in the demonstration in the capital . Liveris , 36 , has been hit hard by the country 's economic crisis , losing 50 % of his salary and barely clinging to his job as the price of basic foodstuffs continues to rise . "  I 'm furious because even after the elections , we got promises but nothing -LSB- from the government -RSB- , " he said . "  It 's the same policy but just a different party . "  For the last few hours on the protest , me and my colleagues discussed how disappointed we are . We have no hope . " Liveris said he and his fellow Greeks stand in total support of the Spanish people who protested against austerity Tuesday evening . "  It is the same policies that strangle the same people . We 100 % stand with the Spanish , " he said . Dozens of people were injured and arrested as protesters and police clashed in central Madrid . Demonstrators said police were shooting into the crowd with rubber bullets , although police would not comment . Officers at one point baton-charged the protesters to prevent them from approaching the Spanish parliament , which was in session . As large numbers began to assemble in Athens and other cities earlier Wednesday , Constantine Michalos , president of the Athens Chamber of Commerce , said he hoped the strike would not turn violent . Many people are tired of years of government-imposed belt-tightening measures that have not worked , Michalos said . "  The Greek people have taken up tremendous sacrifices in this time period , and it just has not delivered the desired results , " Michalos said . "  Where we need to concentrate today is not on further austerity measures , because there have been extreme sacrifices made by Greek people in the last three years . What we need is to advance growth and stimulate the economy . " Barroso : Europe federation ` unavoidable ' Parts of central Athens were closed to traffic Wednesday as protesters took to the streets , but they reopened later . The strike has shut down much of the public transport network , with no metro or electric railway services in operation . Buses and trolleys are operating only from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. local time . Many ships are confined to docks , and air traffic controllers held a two-hour strike , causing some disruption to flights . Schools are closed , and hospitals are operating on skeleton staff . Greece is in the grip of a years-long recession , and many people are struggling to make ends meet . While salaries have been cut for many workers , pensions and benefits have been slashed and unemployment rates have soared . As of May 2012 , 53.8 % of Greeks younger than 25 were unemployed , according to Eurostat , the statistics division of the European Commission . Greece 's long-running economic woes have shaken global markets and led to fears the country could crash out of the eurozone single currency if it defaults on its debt . Last month , Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin to plead for more time to push through reforms to public finances . Members of the 17-nation currency bloc are waiting for the troika 's report on Greece 's troubled economy , due in the coming weeks , before making a decision . The turmoil in the eurozone has exacerbated concerns about other ailing nations such as Spain and Italy , which are also struggling with high unemployment and debt . S&P 500 down for 5th straight day amid Europe unrest CNN 's Sarah Brown and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say 35,000 people rallied in Athens ; organizers more than 50,000 turned out This is the first general strike since Greece 's coalition government was formed The strike was organized by the two biggest unions in the country Police say more than 25,000 people gathered for protests in Athens
CNN  -- If you fall off while riding a bike , get back on it as soon as you can . That 's what conventional wisdom suggests . So what would be the advice to a cricketer who has inadvertently killed an opponent while bowling a short-pitched delivery ? According to one former England cricketer , it 's to deliver exactly the same ball . And that 's what happened when Australian Sean Abbott returned to action , bowling competitively for the first time since delivering the ` bouncer ' that resulted in the death of Phillip Hughes late last month . The New South Wales  NSW  player on Tuesday came on at the 12th over to applause from the small crowd at the Sydney Cricket Ground  SGC  -- the same venue as the November 25 incident -- in the first session of a domestic four-day match against Queensland . The over included a bouncer , his fifth ball . Abbot went on to take two wickets and NSW bowling coach Geoff Lawson praised the 22-year-old 's resilience . "  He 's practiced well , he 's looked good but you never know what 's underneath the surface with young guys , " said Lawson . "  But the proof is in the pudding -- he got onto this field and he did the business . He 's a young guy on the way up and he played like it today so I guess his mindset is a pretty good one . " New South Wales players had black armbands on , in memory of Hughes . "  Abbott is doing the right thing by getting back on the pitch as soon as possible , " Matthew Hoggard , who played for England between 2000-2008 , told CNN prior to the start of Tuesday 's game . "  If , in his first over , he can bowl a bouncer -- just to get rid of the stigma -- then he should . "  It would help get the horrible memory out of his mind . " "  The longer he goes on without bowling a bouncer , the worse it will get . He needs to get back to bowling like he did . " Australia and India pay tribute The Australian Test team also took to the field competitively , as the postponed First Test against India also began on Tuesday in Adelaide . Prior to the game , players and coaching staff from both sides assembled on the field to honor Phil Hughes . Hughes was named as the 13th man for the match . A tribute by former Australian cricket captain and legendary commentary Richie Benaud played out followed by 63 seconds of applause . Hughes , who had been tipped to earn an international recall for the Test , had made 63 runs when he received the delivery that shocked and rocked the cricketing world . The Australian players all wore Hughes ' Test cap number , 408 , on their shirts as well as black armbands . In the build up , one of Australia 's lead bowlers has said he will not be changing his approach against India , following an incident that has been frequently been described as ` freak ' by those within the game . "  I 've been bowling very aggressive for the last 18 months and I 'm not going to change that , " Mitchell Johnson told reporters . However , the paceman was left in a more quizzical mood when asked how he would react if one of his short-pitched deliveries were to hit an Indian batsman . "  I 'm not sure , " he replied . "  It might be  a  different  reaction  this time . " Hughes ' domestic team , South Australia , took on Tasmania in Hobart . It was the first time also his former teammates had taken to the field since his death . Both teams paused for 63 seconds before the start of play to remember Hughes . According to local ABC media , the South Australian playets had "  PH 612 " etched on their shirts , in reference to Hughes ' South Australian cap number . A bouncer is an aggressive delivery , pitched short and fast with a good ball rearing up at the batsman 's upper torso and head . Abbott 's ball to Hughes hit the batsman on the back of the head -- Hughes slumped to the floor and lost consciousness seconds after he was hit near his left ear . He was stretchered off the ground , put into an induced coma at hospital and and later died . ` Appalling incident ' Abbott has received nothing but support from the cricket family across the globe but Hoggard hopes it can go one step further on Tuesday . Now retired , the former bowler believes the onus is on NSW 's opponents Queensland to help the 22-year-old through his mental battle especially as his return to the game is at the same venue as the Hughes incident . "  To be stood at the wicket and run over the same spot where your friend died makes it doubly hard , " opined Hoggard . "  The opposition has a big part to play as they need to tell Abbott to be himself and to bowl the short ball . " "  Bowling bouncers is within the laws of the game and they are part of a bowler 's armory , so you have to bowl short pitch . "  I 'm sure Phil Hughes would not have wanted those laws to change . " Yet it 's not just Abbott that Hoggard is worried about , since his teammates were bystanders to one of the most appalling incidents in cricketing history . After the impact of the ball severed a vertebral artery , prompting a massive bleed into Hughes ' brain , a number of New South Wales players -- Abbott included -- rushed to support the batsman 's head after his collapse . "  They are all in the same boat , " said Hoggard , who shed a tear at Hughes ' death despite not knowing him . "  To have been holding their friend in their arms after the incident and then to find out later that he died , it would affect anybody . "  It 's down to personality as to how they cope . "	Former England star advises Sean Abbott to bowl a ` bouncer ' as early as possible An Abbott bouncer unwittingly resulted in the death of Phillip Hughes last month Both Abbott and Australia took to the field for the first time since the incident on Tuesday
Atlanta  CNN  -- A suspect accused of killing a Georgia police officer and wounding another one surrendered to authorities after a hostage standoff Friday night . The incident was shown live on television as officers arrested suspect Jamie Donnell Hood in Athens , Georgia . Hood , who was shirtless , emerged from the home a little after 11 p.m. with people whom authorities said he had held hostage . SWAT officers descended on Hood , ending the saga that had lasted four days . Hood was being held without bond Saturday in the Hall County Detention Center , Captain Eric Pozen of the Clarke County Sheriff 's Office said . Hood was wanted in connection with Tuesday 's slaying of Senior Police Officer Elmer "  Buddy " Christian , 34 , and the wounding of Senior Police Officer Tony Howard , 43 . The shooting spurred a huge manhunt that climaxed when authorities learned that Hood was holed up in an apartment in Athens . Authorities said Thursday evening that Hood was holding eight people hostage and they were negotiating with him . At one point , authorities used the media to get a message to Hood . "  I want to commit to you , if you come out without a weapon , you will not be harmed , " Vernon Keenan of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said in a televised address . Hood had asked negotiators to bring his mother to the scene , said John Bankhead , a GBI spokesman . During negotiations , Hood insisted that he be arrested on live television because he feared authorities would kill him , CNN affiliate WGCL reported . The incident began Tuesday afternoon on the east side of the city when a vehicle was carjacked , said Hilda Sorrow , a police spokeswoman . Hood , who was believed to be involved , was later seen as a passenger in a red SUV , she said . When Howard stopped the SUV , the man believed to be Hood got out and began shooting , police said . As the gunman ran off , he came across Christian 's patrol car and fired into the vehicle , Sorrow said . The gunman eventually reached a highway and carjacked a Chevrolet Prizm , police said . It was later found abandoned , Sorrow said . Athens is about 70 miles northeast of Atlanta . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report	NEW : Jamie Donnell Hood is held without bond Suspect asks to be arrested on TV Shirtless suspect turns himself in after allegedly holding eight hostage He is wanted in connection with Tuesday 's slaying of a Georgia police officer
CNN  -- Why did Eric Hobsbawm , one of the greatest historians of modern times , remain a Marxist after the end of the Soviet Union , and defend communism into the 21st century ? To be a man of Hobsbawm 's generation was to have experienced the collapse of capitalism in the Great Depression , to be a Jew of Hobsbawm 's generation was to have seen the rise of Hitler and Nazi Germany . In those years of the 1930s , the years when Hobsbawm was a brilliant youth , was to face what seemed to be a binary choice , to be with the Nazis or against them . And no one seemed to be more against the Nazis than the communists . Hobsbawm joined the Communist Party as a very young man , and was loyal , in his way , to the end . Communism also offered , as perhaps no non-religious ideas do today , a sense of community . To belong to the Communist Party was to have a sense of conspiracy , a loyalty to friends who had suffered and would suffer more , and a collective sense that the struggle was not in vain , for a more glorious world could and would come . Like religion for Americans , who repeat that "  things happen for a reason , " communism offered a logic of pain and progress . Every arrest , every sentence to a concentration camp , every execution was not just a moment of horror , but further proof of capitalism 's decadence and weakness . The story was that communism could consolidate a generation because it transcended any generation . The motor of history was changes in means of production . As the basic structure of the economy changed , the traditional feudal order in the countryside gave way to capitalism in the cities . Once industry was built and working classes become massive , the people would claim the fruits of their own labor , and the factories and the cities would be shared by all . Private property took the place of original sin : with the revolution , that stain would be removed , and we would return to our original nature , and we would be good and peaceful as well as prosperous . The story had a logic , but it also required an element of faith . The faith and the logic had to work together , and in a mind such as Hobsbawm 's , one of the great minds of the 20th century , logic could keep faith in the shadows . But it was always present , and perhaps in the end it was dominant . Communists could be great historians  fascists could not  , because communism provides history with a plot . But because communism in the 20th century was not just an idea but a political reality , its story slowly transformed from one of prophecy to one of retrospective editing . The Soviet Union , to borrow Brezhnev 's term , "  really existed , " and its policies of mass killing were widely known : the deliberate starvation of millions of Ukrainians in 1933 , the mass shootings of peasants and ethnic minorities in 1937 and 1938 , the alliance with Nazi Germany in 1939 , the executions of Polish prisoners of war in 1940 , the postwar domination of eastern Europe , the crushing of reform movements in Hungary and Czechoslovakia , and all the rest . In Hobsbawm 's extraordinary history of the modern world , the last part is the weakest , in part because he must face this problem of a Soviet Union that itself poses a problem for a communist scheme of history . It did not bring what communism promised , and then it came to an end . But the idea that history is a grand story with a wonderful conclusion did not . Over the course of the Cold War , we in the West , and especially in America , came to think of history as having a plot , just one which happened to be the reverse of the communist one . Private property must stay , not be abolished . The state must shrink , not grow . The rich are not villains , but heroes . Capitalism does not bring its own collapse , but expanding stability . If we followed these simple prescriptions , then a utopia would await us as well . The end of the Soviet Union was understood by many of us not as an end to ideology , but as proof that our ideology was the better one . Just why Eric Hobsbawm thought as he did , wrote as he did , and lived as he did is a matter that is beyond the judgement of any one of his colleagues , and there are people far better equipped than I to judge . But I would like to advance one simple thought . Eric was certainly loyal to the memory of old comrades , and he was certainly sentimental about his own youthful past . In his old age , I suppose without any kind of certainty , he found himself in a historical moment , our own , which still seemed like an age of ideology , with his own ideology in the weaker position . And he was a fighter . As he edited the past according to his own ideology , warping history in a way that can only be troubling , he was defending a Soviet state that no longer existed , and ideas which seemed dead . But wrong as it was , it did embody certain virtues . There is something to be said , after all , for defending the weak , even today , especially today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Snyder .	Historian Eric Hobsbawm stayed loyal to Marxism until his death at 95 Timothy Snyder says Hobsbawm 's beliefs formed as a Jew living in 1930s Snyder : Hobsbawm defended Soviet state that no longer exists , and other dead ideas Wrong as was , Snyder writes , it did embody certain virtues that are valid today
CNN  -- Oil has driven Angola 's booming economy over the last decade , helping the resource-rich country emerge from the wreckage of a long , vicious war to become one Africa 's major economic players . One of the biggest producers of black gold in the continent , the southwestern African country has seen its GDP surge by several hundred percent in recent years as the hangover from long conflicts turned into a hunger for profits . More than 90 % of Angola 's revenue comes from oil production , but despite its oil wealth , Angola remains largely impoverished . In Luanda , the vibrant capital of Angola , shiny new boardwalks , luxury properties and an influx of Portuguese expats are all signs of oil money in a city that was last year named as the world 's most expensive for expats . But despite the numerous new developments and Luanda 's shiny facade , inequality prevails Read related : Is oil-rich Angola a development success ? Next to the sleek skyscrapers and luxury apartments , ramshackle shantytowns and crowded slums spread for miles in every direction , housing millions of people living on less than $ 2 a day . In many cases , even basic necessities like water and electricity are lacking . Activists like Elias Isaac say the much-vaunted oil wealth bypasses ordinary people in the country , run by President Jose Eduardo dos Santos since 1979 . "  We do n't see the money that is being generated from oil having direct impact on people 's livelihoods , " said Isaac , Angola program manager of the Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa . "  Angola makes a lot of money out of oil , there is no doubt about this , " he added . "  Angola is one of the few countries that can really pay its national budget without any donor funding , which is great . But where this money goes , that 's the biggest issue . " Oil deals are shrouded by confidentiality agreements , making it almost impossible to gauge how much money goes into Sonangol , Angola 's state oil company . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Sebastiao Gaspar Martins , Sonangol 's executive manager , admitted that Angola is making "  a huge amount " from its oil . He said Sonangol produces "  1.75 million barrels a day , which of course , if we multiply at the end of the year we make billions . " When asked about Sonangol 's closed books and the flow of industry revenues , Martins was quick to suggest that the oil money is being used for Angola 's rebuilding efforts . Read related : Angola 's post-war generation But advocacy group Human Rights Watch has contended that tens of billions of dollars of oil money has skipped Angola 's central bank entirely and disappeared . The International Monetary Fund says Sonangol spends billions off the books . Isaac said oil revenues have created an enormous slush fund for the country 's elite . And when asked whether the oil money is being stolen , Isaac replied : "  To say that it 's not being stolen would not be true to the situation , because if the oil money was not being stolen , we could have better social services in this country . " He added : "  Someone is taking it . " Critics have also accused Sonangol -- which is both concession-granter and regulator of the industry -- of acting as a way to funnel part of the oil revenues to the political elite . Martins responded to the criticisms by saying that "  most " of Sonangol 's revenues "  are used to the wealth of our country and our people . " He added : "  I would say all , depending on how you interpret it . Because what is our role ? We have a production revenue , we put the production revenues on the hands of the minister of finance ... -LSB- it -RSB- goes through the hands of the government . " The Angolan government denies corruption in the oil sector . And recently , it announced a $ 5 billion sovereign wealth fund in a bid to diversify its economy , a move welcomed by lenders for its transparency . The state-owned investment fund , known as the Fundo Soberano de Angola , will invest domestically and internationally , focusing on infrastructure development and the hospitality industry . At the same time , oil companies will soon be opening up new oil fields off Angola and the country hopes to become the largest producer of crude in Africa . But with a history of corruption and problems of transparency , the biggest challenge will be ensuring that the profits filter down to ordinary Angolans . Until then , many in the country say that only a tiny sliver of elites will truly benefit from Angola 's oil .	Angola one of the biggest oil producers in Africa Vast majority of Angola 's money comes from oil but the country remains impoverished Critics say oil wealth is bypassing ordinary people in the country The Angolan government denies corruption in the oil sector .
CNN  -- Inter Milan are through to the semifinals of the Champions League after Wesley Sneijder 's first-half free-kick gave them a 1-0 victory at CSKA Moscow , for a 2-0 aggregate win . Dutchman Sneidjer scored the only goal of the game in the sixth minute when his low-free-kick deceived goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev after his defensive wall jumped in unison -- allowing the shot to go underneath them . Following their 1-0 defeat at the San Siro last week , that meant the Russian champions needed to score three times to advance to the last four stage for the first time in their history . But their mission became impossible three minutes after the interval when substitute Chidi Odiah was sent off for a late challenge on Samuel Eto'o , resulting in a second yellow card . From then on , Italian champions Inter Milan were always in control . Sneijder and Dejan Stankovic both had shots well saved by Akinfeev , while the goalkeeper produced a superb save to keep out Diego Milito when the Argentine international went through on goal . The home side rarely threatened after being reduced to 10 men and Inter comfortably held on to reach the last four of the competition for the first time since 2003 .	Italian champions Inter Milan through to the semifinals of the Champions League Wesley Sneijder scores the only goal as Inter defeat CSKA Moscow 1-0 The 2-0 aggregate victory means Inter reach the last four for first time since 2003
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police in Belgium arrested 14 Muslim extremists on Friday after uncovering a plot to free an al Qaeda suspect from prison using weapons and explosives . Nizar Trabelsi appeared before a correctional court in 2005 for assault and battery against a prison warden . Security across the small European state was stepped up in the wake of the alleged conspiracy , a spokeswoman for Belgium 's federal prosecutors told a news conference . Lieve Pellens said the conspirators planned to liberate Nizar Trabelsi , a Tunisian terrorist suspect who has been in custody since his arrest two days after the September 11 attacks on New York in 2001 . Trabelsi , a former professional soccer player in Germany , was jailed for 10 years in 2003 for planning to blow up a NATO military base in Belgium that housed American soldiers . The 37-year-old admitted planning to drive a car bomb into the canteen at Kleine Brogel , an air base where about 100 American military personnel are stationed . Trabelsi , who testified to a Belgium court that he intended kill American soldiers , claimed to have met Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan after joining anal Qaeda group . Pellens said most of the arrests were in the capital Brussels . In the wake of the arrests , she said extra police were being deployed on transport networks , at railway stations and airports and commercial centers to guard against a terrorist attack over the busy holiday period . "  Since it is not excluded that this group developed other projects and because the state of emergency in this period of the year is higher , the federal prosecutor and the examining magistrate decided to take no risks and intervene in the biggest possible way , " Pellens told the news conference that was broadcast on Belgium television . On its Web site , the U.S. Embassy in Brussels issued an alert to American citizens in Belgium to maintain a high level of vigilance , especially in crowded public places . However , it said it had "  no information to indicate that U.S. citizens or facilities are an intended target . " E-mail to a friend	Belgian officials say 14 Muslims arrested for trying to free terrorist from prison Nizar Trabelsi was jailed for 10 years in 2003 for trying to bomb an air base He admitted planning to drive a car bomb into the canteen at Kleine Brogel
CNN  -- The drinking water in the area of last month 's coal-sludge spill in eastern Tennessee is safe , but elevated levels of arsenic have been found in the sludge , authorities said . Properties near ground zero of the December 22 Tennessee spill are covered in sludge . A billion gallons of the sludge , made up of water and fly ash from a coal-burning Tennessee Valley Authority steam plant in Kingston , Tennessee , swamped 300 acres of mostly private property when a dike on a retention pond collapsed December 22 . All residents in the area were evacuated , and three homes were deemed uninhabitable , according to the TVA . About a dozen other homes were damaged . Preliminary results from water samples taken in the spill area show no unsafe levels of toxins , said Leslie Sims , on-scene coordinator for the Environmental Protection Agency . The testing includes municipal supplies and private wells , he said . Kingston Mayor Troy Beets said he let his grandchildren drink and bathe in city water at his house over the holidays and did n't worry about it . At a Friday news conference , he drank a cup of water he said was straight from the tap in his home . View a map of where the spill occured " "  I 'm gon na be fine , " he quipped . However , samples of the fly ash scooped up along roadsides and river banks show elevated levels of arsenic that normally would trigger an EPA response , Sims said . "  These are levels that we consider harmful to humans , " he said . But the EPA is not responding because the TVA is taking action to fix the problem , he added . Arsenic is a natural element found in soil and minerals , but exposure to it can cause sickness , the National Institutes of Health says . Learn more about arsenic " The arsenic is in the sludge but not in the air in significant amounts , said Alan Nye , a scientist with the Center for Toxicology and Environmental Health , a private scientific consulting company based in Arkansas . "  The bottom line is that the air quality is very good and continues to be so , " Nye said . That 's not good enough for Suzanne Solomon , who rents a home about 2 1/2 miles downwind from the spill zone . She and her family are moving somewhere they feel will be safe from fly ash that might blow around once it dries . "  We have a 2-year-old daughter whose health is not worth the risk , even if it is a minuscule risk , " she said . "  I am an opera singer with mild asthma -LSB- and -RSB- I do not wish to expose -LSB- my lungs -RSB- to any dust which might become airborne . ... I do not see any way that they can keep all of this out of the air . " Rather than try to gather up all the spilled ash , the TVA plans to lock it in place by planting seeds and covering it with mulch , said Bob Summers , the TVA 's operations section chief . "  We 're hearing all kinds of stories , " said Tom Vereb , whose formerly picturesque lakefront property is now caked in deep , swirling layers of gray muck and debris . "  We 're hearing everything from ` This is perfectly fine to be around , ' to ` Get away , as far as you can , from it . ' So we really do n't know what the right answer is there . We 're not going to get panicked about it . " Howie Rose , director of the Roane County Emergency Management Agency , said the city of Kingston , about 40 miles west of Knoxville , has asked the EPA for long-term environmental monitoring , "  and we 've got a commitment for that . " The TVA also is rebuilding the dike , as well as the roads and railroad tracks that were heavily damaged by the rushing sludge . "  It 's 40 feet deep of sludge in the middle of a channel , and they 're talking about four to six weeks of cleanup , " said Travis Cantrell , another local resident . "  That 'd be a stretch . " Whether the plant will continue to store its fly ash -- a byproduct of coal-burning -- in ponds will have to be evaluated , said Tim Hope , the TVA 's incident commander . "  I would imagine that things would be done differently , " Hope said . CNN 's Brooke Baldwin , Taylor Gandossy and Mike Phelan contributed to this report .	EPA says water safe , but arsenic at levels "  considered harmful to humans " Family moving to avoid potential risk to toddler from arsenic Mayor chugs cup of water , says , "  I 'm gon na be fine " Billion gallons of fly-ash sludge from TVA coal plant spilled December 22
CNN  -- A Virginia woman is being hailed as a hero after she reportedly lifted a car off her father and performed CPR , saving his life . Alec Kornacki was in the family garage Saturday working on a car when a jack holding it up slipped , according to Kristen Kornacki , another one of his daughters . Lauren Kornacki , the daughter who rescued him , found her father pinned to the ground and unresponsive . "  She proceeded to lift up the car , pull him out and then give him CPR , " said Kristen Kornacki . Lauren Kornacki , 22 , who lives in Glen Allen , near Richmond , is trained as a lifeguard , according to CNN affiliate WWBT . "  It flashed like , oh my God , I 'm going to lose my dad , " she told the affiliate . "  I knew I had to get his heart beating again . " Alec Kornacki is being treated at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center . A call seeking comment on his condition was not immediately returned . He has several broken ribs , some numbness and other fractures , but likely suffered no permanent damage , according to WWBT . He is still in the ICU . According to his daughter Kristen , Alec Kornacki is "  healing fantastically . " His family shot a brief video of him walking in the hospital hallway , slow but steady . "  He is walking and talking and laughing and joking . He 's feeling pretty good , " she said . "  He 's Superman , that 's for sure . " CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	"  He 's Superman , that 's for sure , " says daughter of man alive after being pinned under a car Another daughter is said to have rescued him from underneath a car The father is still in the ICU
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Public toilets in China 's capital are coming under new rules , including "  no more than two flies allowed . " Other rules for Beijing 's public toilet sanitation and staff include waste collection every half hour and bilingual instructions in English and Chinese , according to state-run China Daily . The new standards , announced Monday by the Beijing Municipal Commission of City Administration and Environment , cover public toilets in parks , tourist areas and hotels , bus stops , train stations , airports , hospitals , shopping malls and supermarkets . Jack Sim , founder of the World Toilet Organization  WTO  and whose work has earned him the nickname "  Mr. Toilet , " suggested a "  No Fly Zone " would be better . "  If there is one fly , it simply means there are other flies , " said Sim , adding that the disease-carriers "  breed very fast . " His Singapore-based WTO , which aims to improve sanitation conditions and toilets around the world , held its last annual summit in November in China 's Hainan province . The problem of sanitation is a worldwide one , with some 2.6 billion people -- or half the developing world 's population -- without access to improved sanitation , according to the United Nations , which recognizes it as a human right . Halving that number is one of the United Nations ' eight Millennium Development Goals for the world to achieve by 2015 . China 's toilet problem -- notorious for a pungent smell -- has hindered tourism growth , Sim said , one of the reasons the Beijing Tourism Administration hosted the World Toilet Summit in 2004 and Hainan , a popular tourist destination , was China 's choice for the last gathering . "  A lot of places in China are rare , so beautiful , but tourism agents can not get people there because there are no proper toilet facilities , " Sim said , adding that he 's met people who smoke in public toilets just to avoid the smell . The WTO worked with Beijing to set toilet standards before the 2008 Olympics , a "  coming-of-age " event for China , Sim said , adding that China 's National Tourism Administration now wants the WTO 's World Toilet College involved in training professional cleaners . According to China Daily , Beijing invested 400 million yuan  $ 57 million  on public toilets in the four years leading up to the Olympics . "  The toilet cleaner has been treated as an unskilled person but should be treated as a tradesman , a technician , " Sim said , pointing to the critical need for cleaning public toilets to prevent outbreaks of contagious diseases and viruses like the H1N1 strain of influenza . Proper ventilation was also key , he added . "  If we do n't clean toilets , we pay a lot more , " Sim said . Officials at the China National Tourism Administration and the Beijing Commission of City Administration and Environment could not be immediately reached .	New standards cover public toilets in areas tourists frequent World Toilet Organization founder Sim suggests "  No Fly Zone " would be better Access to improved sanitation among U.N. 's eight Millennium Development Goals by 2015 Sim says improving public toilets will boost China 's tourism
Havana , Cuba  CNN  It 's a heart-pounding climb up a dark , piss-drenched stairwell . The greasy iron elevator that services the flaking 1920s apartment building seems to function only intermittently . A small group of German tourists is trapped inside . The bargain-priced apartment they 've been renting maybe does n't seem like such a good deal now . There 's no word of when a maintenance engineer will show up or even if such a person exists . This is clearly no intellectual 's ivory tower . And that 's just the way Cuban author Pedro Juan Gutierrez likes it . "  Up here , I 'm like a ghost . I 've been a privileged witness to what has gone on in the neighborhood , " he told me on a recent visit to his home . Gutierrez has been living on the top floor for more than 30 years now . He 's transformed a small roof terrace into his own observation platform -- to peer down on what he calls Central Havana 's "  dirty " reality . These days , Gutierrez says he 's turned to Buddhism to beat his addictions to cheap rum and wild sex . Up in his ninth-floor sanctuary , he 's just about out of harm 's way . But one teeter and he may just fall -- he says maybe he 'll join me for a "  small drink " down at ground level in the next few days . Gutierrez has rarely been so clean living . He says he 's spent most of the last three decades prowling the streets and alleys below . "  Things are continually happening down there . Pornographic , erotic , sociological and anthropological happenings , " he explained , wide-eyed . Gutierrez 's almost 20 works of prose and poetry are foul-mouthed , cynical and scathing . The kinder literary critics have dubbed him the pioneer of "  dirty realism . " His worst critics have condemned him as a crude pornographer -- for example , before you even finish the first page of his acclaimed "  Dirty Trilogy of Havana , " there are graphic sexual scenes . "  Some people accuse me of exaggerating , but I say no ! The reality is excessive . I have to tone things down to make it believable . It 's a very brutal , violent reality , and in order to make it credible , you have to tone it down a bit , " he says . "  But I am interested in ugliness , the ethics and the aesthetics of the ` dirty ones , ' the poorest people who live right on the edge , " he adds . His bleakest works are centered on the 1990s , during Cuba 's so-called Special Period . That was just after the Soviet Union collapsed , leaving its Caribbean ally Cuba to economic wrack and ruin , devoid of subsidies or a market for its goods . But Gutierrez says not a lot has improved since then , at least in Central and Old Havana . "  Everything has stayed the same here . The same poverty , the same misery the same people who are just survivors , " he said . "  I write about people surviving on the limits . " Jabbing his finger into the afternoon sun , Gutierrez points out Neptuno , Colon , Trocadero and San Lazaro , the four streets that he says once formed Cuba 's largest red light district , before the 1959 Revolution . He suggests that prostitution , migration from the countryside to the capital and the disintegration of extended families are the root causes of the chaos he says still reigns in this area . "  There were hundreds or thousands of hookers down there . The people left there today are the daughters and the granddaughters of the hookers . That 's important to note in social terms . This was never a normal neighborhood , " he explained with a grin . Gutierrez worked for 26 years as a journalist for state-run newspapers and magazines . But when he began publishing his crude and critical brand of fiction , he was fired . He 's pushed the boundaries of free speech in Cuba but has never been jailed for speaking his mind . He seems to have little intention of keeping quiet . "  I 'm soon going to be 65 . I have to take advantage of those years to say what I have to say . People do n't dare ; they just die with their mouths shut . When you have ideas , you have to express them , " Gutierrez said . His literary depiction of his neighbors here in Central Havana may seem harsh . But walking the streets , you can quickly see he may have a valid point . A few doors from his apartment building , there 's the entrance to the local Revolutionary Defense Committee , a neighborhood group set up to promote the values of the Revolution . On the door , a black-and-white photo of a young Fidel Castro . Diagonally opposite is a small store with welded bars at the window . The only thing inside , a huge vat of white rum . A half measure sells for 40 cents and a full 750 ml goes for 80 cents . It was only mid-morning , but a man rooted through the trash outside , pulled out a small plastic bottle and with trembling hands asked for a fill-up . That surely can not be what Castro -- enshrined in the poster across the street -- had in mind : A land where tourists drink mint-filled mojitos while a few blocks away , an alcoholic worker knocks back a huge slug of "  train sparks , " the name Cubans colloquially give to cheap , industrial-strength rum . "  This neighborhood always was on the margins of all the talk of revolutionary ideals . Maybe in the '70s and '80s , when there was some kind of revolutionary pride , it was a little different . But generally , people stayed on the sidelines , " Gutierrez told me . While his works are bitingly critical of the decades-long social breakdown in his neighborhood , his overall outlook on life and the Cuban system is more nuanced . When Castro and his rebels seized power in 1959 , Gutierrez was 7 years old , selling ice cream on Havana 's streets . He recalls the brutality of the outgoing dictatorship of General Fulgencio Batista and the celebrations and hopes for newfound freedom ushered in by the rebel forces . "  There was a lot of joy in the first few days . It was like freedom had arrived , " he said . Despite the experiences of the decades since then , Gutierrez says he still considers himself a "  romantic " leftist . He rejects suggestions that he has anything in common with Cuba 's right-wing dissident movement . "  I think  the regime  is trying to save the good things of socialism and the Revolution like education , health and national pride . We still have to advance a great deal in human rights and personal freedoms , " he added . For some of Gutierrez 's neighbors , change can not come fast enough . It 's past midnight in a dive bar on Galliano Street . A washed-up boxer , Agustin , croons along to a salsa tune on the TV , then asks for a double-strength rum and coke . He says he was a bantamweight Olympic and Pan-American Games champion . When it comes to boxers , Cuba has proved itself to be in a sporting class of its own . But now 50 , Agustin has little left to show for his glory years except for a nose like a lump of rubber -- broken so many times , he has no cartilage left . In a hotel bar , a few doors down , on Havana 's Malecon waterfront , a 33-year-old woman clad in leopard-print hot pants sips on a Cristal beer and strikes up a conversation . She says police once gave her a ticket for "  harassing tourists , " official speak for prostitution . She says her day job is a physical education teacher for primary school children . She earns just $ 10 a month with her state salary and spends that in the bat of one of her false eyelashes . But she says the job provides her with a vital cover story . Having legitimate employment , she says , keeps her out of trouble with the law when she turns tricks at night . She charges her foreign clients $ 100 a night , if they do n't bargain her down , she says . Like many others , she has high hopes that she will be able to cash in on the potential influx of American tourists , after President Barack Obama 's announcement of more stable U.S.-Cuba relations . But back up the street , Gutierrez is not convinced there will be a quick fix to those relations . The problem , he says , are elderly Cubans on both sides of the Florida Straits . "  For more than half a century , there 's been a lot of hatred between Cubans in the U.S. and those on the island . There 's been a lot of thirst for revenge . We have to wait for the years to pass and the old men to die , " he says . "  Only then can we resolve things in a civilized way . "	Cuban author Pedro Juan Gutierrez says he is interested in the ethics of the poorest His observations are harsh ; some say he is pornographic , but he has also won acclaim He says that "  reality is excessive . I have to tone things down to make it believable " He worked as a journalist at state-run newspapers , but his fiction got him fired
Here is a look at what you need to know about D-Day . Allied troops invaded Normandy on June 6 , 1944 . Facts : June 6 , 1944 - D-Day , World War II , the Allied invasion of Normandy . The largest seaborne invasion in history . The invasion 's code name was Operation Overlord . General Dwight D. Eisenhower commanded the operation , and plans were made to land in Normandy , west of where the German troops and artillery are built up . More : See historic photos from the landing The "  D " stands for Day . D-Day and H-Hour stand for the secret time/day an operation is scheduled to begin . Code names for the five beaches where the Allies landed : Utah , Omaha , Gold , Juno , and Sword . The date June 5 , 1944 was originally chosen for the invasion , but bad weather forced the Allies to postpone one day . Timeline : August 19 , 1942 - A raid on the French port of Dieppe that resulted in heavy losses convinces D-Day planners to land on the beaches , so discussions and preparations for an Allied invasion across the English Channel begin . May 1943 - The Trident Conference , a British and American strategy meeting on the war . In Washington , DC , Winston Churchill , President Roosevelt and their military advisers discuss , among other things , crossing the English Channel . August 1943 - The Quadrant Conference , where the British and American military chiefs of staff outline Operation Overlord . November and December 1943 - The Sextant and Eureka Conferences , where the British and American military chiefs discuss the specifics of the assault on France . 1944 - The Germans expect an invasion along the north coast of France , but they do not know where . They build up their troops and artillery near Calais , where the English Channel is the narrowest . June 5 , 1944 - Between 11 pm and 3 am , 13,000 allied paratroopers and gliders carrying heavy equipment leave England to begin the invasion of France by air . In a broadcast message to the troops , delivered before they leave , Eisenhower says , "  The tide has turned ! The free men of the world are marching together to victory ... . We will accept nothing less than full victory ! " June 6 , 1944 - Overnight , a military armada and more than 156,000 troops cross the English Channel . Minesweepers go ahead to clear the waters in preparation for the more than 2,300 landing crafts that will be carrying men , vehicles and supplies . Between midnight and 8 am , Allied forces of more than 11,000 aircraft , fly 14,674 sorties . 6:30 am - Troops begin coming ashore on a 60-mile front . More : Before and after D-Day : Color photos In a broadcast to the people of occupied Europe , Eisenhower says , "  Although the initial assault may not have been in your own country , the hour of your liberation is approaching . " More about World War II and veterans : By the numbers : Veterans from U.S. wars CNN Heroes : Making life easier for disabled veterans A daughter faces demons of father 's war WWII Marine 's diary found by sweetheart years later Must-see sights for military buffs	During World War II , Allied troops invaded Normandy on June 6 , 1944 It was known as D-Day
WUGANG , China  CNN  -- Authorities in China 's south-central Hunan province are associating disgruntled parents of children stricken by lead poisoning with the outlawed spiritual group Falun Gong . A mother feeds her child in a village near the Wugang Manganese Smelting Plant in Hunan province . "  Citizens of the Wugang area have received phone calls from members of the Falun Gong over the past several days , " said Wugang Deputy Spokesman Zhen Zhaoxin . "  Any resident who receives any calls or information about the Falun Gong activities are encouraged to report to the police . " He said the government , along with police , are investigating to determine the calls ' origin . But villagers said they have suffered enough and the government 's accusation is "  insulting . " The friction comes after residents in Wenping township , governed by the city of Wugang , last month protested pollution from an area factory that left more than 1,000 children with lead poisoning . That was one of three separate lead poisoning incidents reported in August that affected large numbers of Chinese children . Watch more about the lead poisoning " Residents of Wenping and nearby Simachong village denied any connection to Falun Gong . They said they were not even familiar with the religious sect . They just wanted their children to be well again . China banned Falun Gong in 1999 and has cracked down on practitioners . An August 26 public notice warned villagers to beware of Falun Gong members and instructed people to watch for "  reactionary propaganda " sent online and by phone . The Wugang government issued similar information on its Web site . The villagers said the government wants them to keep quiet , but they are worried . "  They are insulting us , " said one woman , holding up the public notice . "  They said we are spreading the rumors . " The villagers ' lives were shattered when , one by one , children began to fall ill . So far , 1,354 have tested positive for abnormal levels of lead in their blood . Many have stopped eating and are constantly fatigued . Others are not growing hair . Some parents worry they will not be able to provide medical care for long-term problems . Lead poisoning can cause irreversible damage in the nervous and reproductive systems and cause high blood pressure , memory loss and loss of appetite , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization . Xiao Aijun , the father of two sick children , was angered by the government 's claims . "  My baby 's been in the hospital for more than 20 days , " he said of his 10-month-old daughter , Xiao Junmei . "  We have to go back in the month . Look at her hair , look at her hair . "  They said we 're Falun Gong , " he said . "  What is this all about ? I have no idea . I do n't even know what that is . " Some villagers told CNN that 15 parents who protested factory pollution had been detained by police . CNN could not reach local police for comment , but Zhen , the Wugang spokesman , denied the reports . "  We would not detain parents . After all , they need to be with their children at this time , " he said . "  This is definitely not the case . " The lead poisoning in Wenping stemmed from the Wugang Manganese Smelting Plant . Similar incidents were reported in northern Shaanxi province , where 851 children were affected , and in southwestern Yunnan province , where 200 children were sickened . China 's Ministry of Environmental Protection has dispatched inspectors to examine the plants in Shaanxi and Hunan . Wugang government officials say children who live as far as 20 kms  12.5 miles  from the polluting factories in Wenping and Simachong have been affected . One mother , whose son was hospitalized , said she would have moved long ago if she had known . Another Wugang government spokesman , Lei Zanning , said authorities are keenly aware of environmental protections . "  We ca n't sacrifice it for the sake of economic development , " he said . But lead poisoning is a serious problem in China , according to Steven Ma of Greenpeace . About 10 percent of the nation 's arable land and 12 million tons of annual food crops are contaminated with lead , he said .	Spokesperson : Citizens of Wugang area received calls from members of Falun Gong Villagers said they have suffered enough and government 's accusation is insulting Follows protests from local parents after pollution from local factory left 1,000 kids ill China banned Falun Gong in 1999 and has cracked down on practitioners
CNN  -- A hair stylist is accusing former "  American Idol " judge and rapper Nicki Minaj of wigging out on a deal . Terrence Davidson filed suit Friday in district court in Atlanta alleging that the star not only stole his wig designs , but also cost him a potential reality show deal that he was discouraged from pursuing . According to the complaint , Davidson started working for Minaj -- whose real name is Onika Maraj -- as her hair stylist in January 2010 . He says he began making wigs for her which she would then select for her appearances . At the time Minaj was a burgeoning star who had steadily built her fan base by appearing as a guest rapper on mix tapes and projects by her label mates at Young Money Entertainment . She quickly became known as the first lady of Young Money , which includes superstar rappers Drake and Lil Wayne . The female rapper also became well known for her sense of style , including a multitude of wigs ranging from platinum blonde to pink . She poses in an ensemble which includes a pink wig on the cover of her platinum-selling debut album "  Pink Friday , " released in November 2010 . Both Davidson and his attorney , Christopher Chestnut , talked to CNN about his influence on crafting Minaj 's image as well as the fact that the rapper now sells wigs on her site based on the designs Davidson says he created . The stylist said he discovered the wigs were being marketed and sold after someone sent him a picture and he began researching . "  I see these wigs online , " said Davidson , who has also worked with others in the industry , including singer Patti LaBelle and rapper Remy Ma . "  People are basically duplicating what I created for Nicki Minaj . " "  Nicki Minaj is reaping great success and financial bounty reward for Terrence 's creative expertise , and he is entitled to participate in that , " Chestnut said . "  Someone 's got to stand up for the artist . We applaud the fact that she 's making millions , but she 's also got to pay bounty to those whose creative designs she 's making millions off of . " In his suit , Davidson says he designed several wigs for Minaj , including the "  Pink Upper Bun Wig , " the "  Fox Fur Wig , " and the "  Half Blonde-Half Pink Wig " that she wore in appearances , including the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards preshow . He says there were plans for he and Minaj to launch a wig line and discussions about a possible reality show . But by 2012 , the suit claims , "  Minaj and her agents became mum about the business ventures and took active steps to isolate Mr. Davidson and preclude him from the notoriety he deserved for his wig designs . " "  On its face you might think , what this guy is suing over wigs , " Davidson 's attorney Chestnut said . "  But we really have to consider this in context . Hair is a multibillion-dollar industry , but moreover these are not your grandma 's wigs . These are eclectic . They are decadent , and they are creative . This is about a brand that Terrence has built . " CNN has reached out to Minaj and her representatives for comment .	A hair stylist is claiming Minaj stole his wig designs Terrence Davidson began working with the rapper in 2010 Minaj now sells wigs on her website
The 2012 London Olympics end Sunday with a music-filled closing ceremony at the Olympic Stadium , but there are still plenty of medals to be won . Fifteen events in 10 sports will take place across the capital on what is the last day of the competition . Here are five things to watch for Sunday . 1  The closing ceremony : Goodbye London , Hello Rio London Games organizers say musical performances will be the focus of the closing ceremony , titled "  A Symphony of British Music . " Among the British acts rumored to be taking part are the Spice Girls and the Pet Shop Boys , singer Jessie J. and rapper Tinie Tempah . George Michael says he will be performing , too , tweeting over the past week that he is "  a bit nervous " and has been "  rehearsing like crazy " for the ceremony . And like the spectacular opening ceremony just more than two weeks ago , which was directed by Oscar-winning director Danny Boyle and characterized by a quirky exuberance , the closing will feature thousands of local volunteers and schoolchildren . At the end will be the traditional Olympic flag handover to the next summer Olympic hosts , Rio de Janeiro . Artistic Director Cao Hamburguer said we 'll see "  eight minutes of Brazil " with music , dancing and performances by musicians Seu Jorge , Marisa Monte , and BNegao . The whole show , attended by many of the 10,500 athletes who competed at the Games , will likely be watched on television worldwide by about 750 million people , the London organizing committee says . It begins at 9 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  . 2  Men 's basketball : Team USA goes for the gold In a rematch of its gold medal match in Beijing four years ago , the USA men 's basketball team will play Spain , the current world No. 2 , in the Sunday afternoon final . The game will pit several NBA players against each other . Spain 's Pau Gasol is playing against his Los Angeles Lakers teammate Kobe Bryant of the USA , while Spain 's Serge Ibaka will play against his Oklahoma City Thunder teammates , Kevin Durant , James Harden , and Russell Westbrook of the USA . The U.S. men 's basketball team has won gold at four of the past five Olympic Games , with the exception being the 2004 Athens Games . 3  The men 's marathon : A scenic tour through London The men 's marathon begins at 11 a.m.  6 a.m. ET  on The Mall near Buckingham Palace . Its scenic loop along the River Thames will take it past landmarks including the palace , Trafalgar Square , Big Ben , St. Paul 's Cathedral and the Tower of London . Ethiopia and Kenya , with three runners each , are the favorites to win the race this year . All six athletes have clocked personal bests of 2:05:04 or better , and one of them -- Kenya 's Wilson Kipsang -- achieved his best time of 2:03:42 last year . The International Association of Athletics Federations says Kipsang may be the hottest marathoner in the world this year . A Kenyan win could pay tribute to Sammy Wanjiru , the 2008 Olympic gold medalist who died in a fall from his balcony last year . 4  Men 's boxing : Five golds up for grabs Five of the 10 gold medals in men 's boxing were awarded Saturday , and the other five will be given out Sunday in men 's fly , light , welter , light heavy , and super heavyweight . Kazakhstan and Great Britain each have two athletes vying for gold . Ukraine 's Vasyl Lomachenko is seeking to defend his Olympic gold medal in the lightweight battle with South Korea 's Han Soon-Chul . At 18 , Cuba 's Robeisy Ramirez Carrazana is the youngest of the boxers competing Sunday , battling Tugstsogt Nyambayar of Mongolia in the fly . The super heavyweight match pits 22-year-old Londoner Anthony Joshua , competing in his first Olympics , against defending Olympic champ Roberto Cammarelle of Italy , 10 years his senior . 5  Women 's modern pentathlon : An all-day affair The first event to start Sunday will also be the last to finish . The women get going at 8 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  in the modern pentathlon , starting with fencing and swimming at the Olympic Park . They move south of the river to Greenwich Park for riding and the combined event , in which the athletes begin at handicapped time intervals based on their results from the previous events . They must run to the shooting range , hit five targets in 70 seconds , then run 1,000 meters -- and do it three times over . The first athlete to cross the finish line at the end wins the gold . Modern pentathlon is the creation of Pierre de Coubertin , founder of the modern Olympics . "  The choice of the five diverse and unrelated sports that make up the modern pentathlon arose out of the romantic , tough adventures of a liaison officer whose horse was brought down in enemy territory , " says Pentathlon GB , the national governing body . "  Having defended himself with his pistol and sword , he swims across a raging river and delivers the message on foot . " The sport originally took place over five days but changed to one day at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics .	London hands over the Olympics to the next host , Rio de Janeiro Team USA battles Spain for gold in men 's basketball Kenya and Ethiopia are favorites in the men 's marathon Men 's boxing and women 's pentathlon also take place Sunday
Beijing  CNN  -- A prominent Chinese human rights activist has called for an investigation into what he describes as corrupt and cruel officials who he says "  violently assaulted " him and his family before he escaped from house arrest and fled to Beijing . Chen Guangcheng addressed the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao , in a video posted on YouTube on Friday , detailing the abuses he said he and his family had suffered at the hands of authorities during more than 18 months of heavily guarded detention in their home . "  They broke into my house and more than a dozen men assaulted my wife , " he said . "  They pinned her down and wrapped her in a comforter , beating and kicking her for hours . They also similarly violently assaulted me . " Chinese authorities have not commented . The activist , who is blind , was driven to Beijing on Sunday after evading his guards in the tiny village of Dongshigu in Shandong Province , He Peirong , a friend and fellow activist , said Friday . Escape was like a Hollywood thriller His high-profile breakout appears to have angered the local authorities who were holding him captive , with members of his family already reporting that they have suffered reprisals . Chen , 40 , is a self-taught lawyer who rose to fame in the late 1990s thanks to his legal advocacy for what he called victims of abusive practices , such as alleged forced abortions , by China 's family-planning officials . A local court sentenced Chen to four years and three months in prison for damaging property , disrupting traffic and "  pressurizing the government " in a protest , according to a story from the state-run Xinhua news agency . The same 2007 story , which reported that a higher court had denied his appeal , described Chen as a "  blind mob organizer . " His supporters have maintained authorities used trumped-up charges to silence him . Since his September 2010 release from prison , he had been confined to his home along with his wife , mother and daughter . In the video posted Friday , he said the treatment of him and his family by the local security forces "  was so cruel it has greatly harmed the image of the Communist Party . " Calling on Wen to investigate his case , he asked : "  Is it just local officials flagrantly violating the law or do they have the support of the central government ? I hope you will give the public a clear answer in the near future . " The blind activist had prepared for his escape for months , He Peirong said , by lying in bed for prolonged periods so that the guards would n't be suspicious if they did n't see any activity from him for a long time . Once free , Chen contacted He Peirong and a few other activists . "  We learned that he had escaped and needed our help , " she said , in an interview via Skype from her home city of Nanjing . They met him at a rendezvous point , and then drove him to Beijing and hid him in a safe house , He Peirong said . She said that Chen 's fellow activists had decided to publicize his flight from captivity after hearing that Shandong authorities , upon discovering his disappearance , had sent people to assault members of his family . Chen Kegui , the blind activist 's nephew , said in a phone conversation with a Chinese activist that local officials broke into his family 's home . He said he used kitchen knives to defend himself when the officials tried to arrest him . "  I was afraid they might knock me down unconscious or beat me to death , so I went out to find somewhere safe , " the nephew said in the conversation , a recording of which was posted online . He added that he had since called the police and was waiting for them to come and pick him up . Repeated attempts to reach Chen Kegui by phone were unsuccessful . The blind activist expressed concern in the video about the welfare of his wife , mother and daughter -- who did not escape with him and whose whereabouts were unknown Friday . "  Although I 'm free , my worries are only deepening , " he said . "  My wife , mother and children are still in their evil hands . They have been persecuting my family for a long time , and my escape would only prompt them into a mode of revenge . " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay echoed those sentiments , saying in a statement released Friday that she is "  disturbed to hear reports that other family members ... have now been detailed . " Noting she has raised concerns about Chen 's case before , Pillay urged Chinese authorities "  to investigate the treatment of both him and his family , to ensure their physical integrity and to provide redress for any wrongdoing by local officials . " Repeated calls seeking comment from the local authorities in Shandong went unanswered . Chen is relatively weak physically but his spirits are high , said He Peirong . There have been concerns about Chen 's health during his time under house arrest , surrounded by a heavy police presence . "  He wants to live freely in his own country , " He Peirong said . "  He said he hopes to hold my hand and take me to his village one day . " The authorities ' reaction to Chen 's escape appeared to have ensnared He Peirong , too , after she spoke to CNN and other news media organizations Friday to publicize the situation . Bob Fu , the head of the U.S.-based nonprofit group ChinaAid , said that he was communicating with He Peirong via Skype when she said that state security agents had arrived at her home . Attempts to contact her since then have been unsuccessful . She had acknowledged that , by speaking out about Chen 's escape , she was putting herself at risk . "  I 'm not concerned about my own safety , " she said during the Skype interview . "  I hope they 'll arrest me , not my friends . " Chen himself has been a focal point for some time , with journalists and sympathizers being prevented from visiting him . They include actor Christian Bale , who was roughed up by security guards during such an attempt in December . Last year , in a video smuggled out of the country by a U.S.-based human rights group , Chen described his dire conditions of being a prisoner in his own home . "  Those people stand at the four corners of my house , spy on my family and monitor what we do , " he said . "  They installed floodlights and surveillance cameras around my house . " Chen 's incarceration and allegations of abuse by local officials have drawn international criticism from the likes of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Gary Locke , the U.S. ambassador to China . Women 's Rights Without Frontiers , a U.S.-based nongovernmental organization that has been advocating Chen 's release , urged Clinton to raise the case when she visits Beijing next month . "  We are grateful that Chen is no longer under house arrest , but we are concerned about his safety and that of his family , " Reggie Littlejohn , the organization 's president , said in a statement . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. human rights chief is "  disturbed " Chen Guangcheng 's kin may be detained The blind activist fled to Beijing after being under house arrest for over 18 months He expresses concerns about his family and calls for a probe of local officials The whereabouts of a fellow activist who talked about Chen 's case are unknown
CNN  An Iraqi tribal leader said Saturday that ISIS militants are gaining ground in Anbar province , predicting a "  collapse within hours " of Iraqi army forces there if tribal forces withdraw . Sheikh Naim al-Gaoud , a Sunni Muslim leader of the Albu Nimr tribe , called for more U.S. intervention -- including ground troops , arming tribes directly or at least pressuring the Iraqi government to give the tribes more firepower . While U.S. officials have said that ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is on the defensive in Iraq and Syria , al-Gaoud says that 's definitely not the case where he is . "  In Anbar , we are losing ground , not gaining , " he said . Thousands of families had been under siege in the town of Jubbat al-Shamiya until getting help Friday from U.S.-led coalition airstrikes and Iraqi forces , according to al-Gaoud . But he said Iraqi troops had pulled out of Jubbat al-Shamiya on Saturday , at which time ISIS was shelling the town . If the Islamist extremist group 's fighters go in , al-Gaoud predicted a massacre . Anbar province is just west of Baghdad , meaning a decisive ISIS victory would put militants on the footsteps of the Iraqi capital . It 's home to the strategic Ayn al-Assad Air Base , which came under attack Friday . Talking about that battle , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said 20 to 25 people -- most , if not all , of whom were wearing Iraqi military uniforms and were led by suicide bombers -- attacked the nearly 25-square-mile base . "  It looks like  ISIS militants  at least got to the outer base limits , " Kirby said . At least 13 Iraqi soldiers died in the assault , said al-Gaoud , which ended with Iraqi ground forces killing all the attackers . U.S. troops were on the base at the time , but "  several kilometers " from where the fighting happened , Kirby said . The U.S. military did deploy attack helicopters in that ISIS assault , but the Apaches returning safely without firing a shot , military sources said . American helicopter gunships were also involved in a fight supporting Iraqi ground forces about 15 kilometers  9 miles  north in the Anbar town of al-Baghdadi , according to sources . Al-Gaoud , the Albu Mimr tribal leader , said militants killed at least 25 Iraqi police officers during their assault on that town Thursday and Friday . On Saturday , the U.S. military said al-Baghdadi was "  contested , " as Iraqi forces fought back . Anbar is important not just for its location , for the al-Assad base or for the Haditha dam , Iraq 's second largest . It 's significant for its sectarian breakdown -- as a mostly Sunni province in a Shiite-led country . Sectarian divisions have hurt Iraq before , with ISIS ' rampage through much of Iraq  as well as neighboring Syria  blamed in part to the country 's lack of unity . It 's one reason for then-Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's exit last year , replaced by current leader Haider al-Abadi . The U.S. government has gotten involved to address such tensions as part of its anti-terrorism fight , such as President Barack Obama 's warning last June -- a few months before al-Maliki stepped down -- that "  there wo n't be a military solution " unless Shiites , Sunnis and Kurds all play significant parts in Iraq 's command structure . Years before , in the mid-2000s , the United States recruited and paid Sunnis like members of al-Gaoud 's Albu Mimr tribe to join its fight against al Qaeda . Those efforts helped turn the tide in the war . But now , al-Gaoud says , ISIS -- which consists of Sunni extremists -- is making his tribe pay the price . "  There are people who will be killed in cold blood , and there will be more massacres , " al-Gaoud told CNN in November . "  We are getting killed because of our friendship with the Americans . Does a friend abandon his friend like this ? " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Tribal leader warns of a massacre if ISIS moves into Anbar province town He says ISIS is gaining ground in the Iraqi province , which is just west of Baghdad
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is visiting Iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million "  very very vulnerable " internally displaced people in the wartorn country . Angelina Jolie has been working to focus attention on problem of refugees in Iraq . "  There does n't seem to be a real coherent plan to help them , " said Jolie , speaking in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon Thursday . "  There 's lots of goodwill . Lots of discussion , but there seems to be a lot of talk at the moment , and a lot of pieces that need to be put together . I 'm trying to figure out what they are . " A goodwill ambassador for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Jolie wants to find ways to help the agency be more active inside war-torn Iraq . Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Jolie " Sunni-Shiite sectarian violence in the country has sparked a displacement crisis that is considered the most significant in the Middle East since the 1948 creation of Israel . More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled their homes , around 2 million to neighboring states , mostly Syria and Jordan , and another 2.2 million displaced inside Iraq . The flight was aggravated by the February 2006 bombing of a Shiite shrine in Samarra , an attack that stoked pitched sectarian warfare . Many of the internally displaced live precarious lives amid conditions of squalor , crowded into camps and slums that often lack basic necessities , such as proper food , health care and shelter . "  How Iraq settles in the years to come is going to affect the entire Middle East , " said Jolie . "  It 's in our best interest to address a humanitarian crisis on this scale because displacement can lead to a lot of instability and aggression . " Read transcript of interview Jolie has been working to help draw attention to the problem and has called for governments to bolster their support of the U.N.H.C.R. . In August , Jolie first visited Iraq and Syria to get a sense of the problem . She heard stories from refugees about their plight . Watch as Jolie lunches with troops " This visit to Iraq is focusing on the problems of the internally displaced , 58 percent of whom are under age 12 . A top issue for the agency is getting better security . Jolie is talking with U.S. officials , including top U.S. Gen. David Petraeus , about that issue , and are willing to provide such security which she said "  needs to be addressed and solved . " The Iraqi government needs to empower agencies that deal with migration to address the concerns of the displaced -- but that has not happened yet , she said . Jolie said it was crucial that the government prepare a plan to deal with refugees who return home from Syria and Jordan and find that their homes are "  occupied " by others or "  bombed out . " She emphasizes the way in which these people are resettled will have "  broad implications " in the region . Jolie also is talking to people about moving forward the U.S. effort to resettle Iraqi refugees in the United States , which has set a goal of taking in 12,000 of those people by September . Only 375 have been admitted so far . "  I have to believe there are people working toward that goal , " she said . International agencies , such as the United Nations and the Arab League , and many countries in the region and in Europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons ' crisis , and money is being allocated to Iraq and host countries to help clothe , feed and house people . Most of the refugees are in Syria and Jordan , and they reside in big cities like Damascus and Amman . The U.N.C.H.R. is trying to help governments in Syria and Jordan to cope with the influx , which has stretched the resources of institutions like schools and health systems . It is also attempting to help 41,000 non-Iraqi refugees in Iraq , such as Palestinians and Iranians . Last month , the UNHCR announced a plan to seek $ 261 million this year for its work to help these refugees . It has almost 350 staffers "  directly engaged in operations for Iraq and the surrounding region . " Officials in Iraq and the coalition have been heartened by the fact that some refugees are starting to trickle back home . But they are returning to a country where mixed Shiite and Sunni neighborhoods have turned into Sunni or Shiite enclaves and that they might not be able to return to their homes . E-mail to a friend	Angelina Jolie visits Iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees Actress tells CNN : "  There does n't seem to be real coherent plan to help them " Jolie is goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes , 2 million to neighboring states
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A suspected drug cartel lieutenant was in charge of a plot to kill Mexican President Felipe Calderon , Mexican government officials said . Dimas Diaz Ramos , known as "  El Dimas , " is presented Monday at federal police headquarters in Mexico City . Dimas Diaz Ramos , known as "  El Dimas , " also is accused of being a top drug exporter to the United States , hiding the contraband in the tires of trucks taking produce across the border . Diaz was one of five suspects arrested Sunday and publicly paraded before reporters Monday . The men belong to the Cartel del Pacifico , also known as the Sinaloa cartel , said Eduardo Ramon Pequeo , the Mexican federal police anti-drug chief . "  The federal police began its investigation because of a threat made against the president of the republic , as a result of the declared war against organized crime and after a series of arrests and seizure of large amounts of cash belonging to the ` El Mayo ' Zambada organization last year by the army and federal police , " Pequeo said at Monday 's news conference . "  Through intelligence reports by the federal government , it became known that the threat was made by the Cartel del Pacifico , and Dimas Diaz had been tasked with coming up with the details for a possible attempt . " Mexican officials did not release details of the alleged plot . Speaking in Guadalajara after a meeting with President Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Calderon downplayed any possible attempt on his life . "  It would not be the first nor the last time that there is talk about some assassination attempt on my life , " Calderon told reporters . Diaz and the four other suspects were arrested in the city of Culiacan in Sinaloa state , officials said . Diaz was the cartel 's chief financial officer , Pequeo said .	Suspected drug cartel lieutenant led plot to kill Mexican president , officials say Dimas Diaz Ramos also accused of being top drug exporter to U.S. Diaz among five suspects unveiled to reporters in Mexico Mexican President Felipe Calderon downplays any attempt on his life
CNN  -- A kidnapping suspect provided information that led to the discovery of the bodies of a missing Ohio woman , her 10-year-old son and a family friend , authorities said Thursday . The remains of Tina Herrmann , 32 , her 10-year-old son , Kody Maynard , and her 41-year-old friend Stephanie Sprang were found in trash bags placed in the hollow of a tree , Knox County Sheriff David Barber said . Hearses left a wilderness area northwest of the town of Fredericktown in Knox County . Herrmann 's daughter , Sarah Maynard , 13 , was found alive Sunday morning in Mount Vernon , about 50 miles northeast of Columbus . Matthew Hoffman , 30 , who lives in the home where Sarah Maynard was found , provided the information that led to the discovery of the three bodies , Barber said . Hoffman currently faces a kidnapping charge in the abduction of Sarah Maynard , Barber said . Hoffman has experience as a tree trimmer , the sheriff said . "  I have never experienced anything this big , this serious and this tragic , " said Barber , who announced the news at a somber press conference . When asked if officials took the death penalty off the table in order to receive information on the location of the bodies , Knox County prosecutor John C. Thatcher replied that he could not say whether Hoffman had confessed to the killings . The county coroner will conduct autopsies and provide information to prosecutors , officials said . Thatcher said he is not sure yet what charges the evidence will support , but he expects to take the case to the grand jury within four to six weeks . A judge on Tuesday set a $ 1 million bond for Hoffman , who is accused of keeping Sarah bound and gagged in his basement , authorities said . The suspect has a November 23 preliminary hearing on the kidnapping charge , authorities said . A message left Thursday night with public defender Bruce Malek was not immediately returned . Barber said earlier this week that authorities were fortunate to find Sarah , but he said blood evidence found in Herrmann 's home coupled with the amount of time the three have been missing had made the situation more serious . The girl was at the Herrmann residence , but Barber did not indicate whether she saw the slayings . The bodies were found about 20 miles from the Herrmann home . Sarah Maynard was found in an early morning raid involving a SWAT team and was released from the hospital Monday , after being evaluated and treated for injuries that were not thought to be life-threatening , the sheriff said . "  Sarah is with family and is doing well . " said Barber . "  She is a very brave little girl , " he said . The disappearance of the three residents November 10 prompted a weeklong search throughout the rural region . But , in the end , the crucial information came down to Hoffman , Barber said . "  His information led to the location of the bodies , " the sheriff said . "  We are a small community here . We became close to the victims ' families , " Barber said Thursday . "  We have to take care of the survivors . " Police said Tuesday they did not believe Hoffman was working with an accomplice . When asked whether the incident was a home invasion , Barber said it was not , but added that "  either they knew Hoffman or Hoffman made himself known to them . " Herrmann failed to report to work at a Dairy Queen in Mount Vernon , in central Ohio , on November 10 , Barber told CNN affiliate WBNS . A deputy twice went to her home in Howard , about nine miles east of Mount Vernon , and saw her pickup there . No one answered the door , though lights were on in the home . A Dairy Queen manager went into the home on November 11 and found blood inside , Barber told the station . Asked about Hoffman 's criminal record , Barber said he served prison time for an arson conviction in another state . Dawna Davis , who lives next to Hoffman , said she did not trust him . "  He was just different . He was odd . He just climbed trees and watched us , " she said about Hoffman .	NEW : Prosecutor says he ca n't comment on whether suspect confessed Bodies of two women and a boy , 10 , were found a week after they disappeared Matthew Hoffman , 30 , held in kidnapping of girl , gave information , sheriff says 13-year-old daughter of one of the victims was found safe in a police raid
CNN  -- The French-Algerian football player stranded in Qatar for the past two years over a pay dispute has been given an exit permit to leave the country . "  I can not wait to go home , " Zahiar Belounis , who has given up his claim to money he says he is owed , told CNN in an exclusive interview Wednesday . "  I have waited for so long and now it has happened . I can not believe it . "  I am tired and stressed but now I am just looking forward to getting to the airport . "  I want to see my family and get my life back to normal . I want to go home . " During the long-running dispute Belounis , who had expected to receive his exit permit in October , says he has suffered with depression and revealed he had contemplated suicide . The 33-year-old will fly back to Paris on Thursday with his wife and two small daughters . In his only phone call to a media outlet immediately following the announcement , Belounis gave thanks to those who had fought for his cause so passionately . "  I want to thank all those who believed me and gave me strength to get through , " he told CNN . "  I can not believe how much support I 've had . It has been amazing . "  I just want to say thank you . " Qatar has come under intense media scrutiny since winning the right to stage the 2022 World Cup , particularly over its employment laws -- notably the kafala system , which requires expatriate workers and some visitors to have a residence permit . The Belounis case has prompted the International Trade Union Confederation to demand a change to workers ' rights in Qatar . "  A grave injustice is nearly over for Zahir and his family . One man and his family have come to illustrate the conditions faced by 1.3 million migrant workers in Qatar , " said Sharan Burrow , General Secretary , ITUC , in a statement . "  The torment that Zahir and his family have been put through because of bad laws which give workers no rights should never be repeated . "  Sadly , today in Qatar there remain many workers who have no voice . The Qatar authorities should reform their laws to respect International Labor Organization conditions . " FIFPro , the global players union , is set to visit Qatar this week for talks with the country 's football authorities and organizers of the 2022 World Cup . Representatives from the organization had been scheduled to meet with Belounis before the news of his exit visa was announced . "  As the worldwide representative for professional footballers , FIFPro will be able to welcome back a long-lost family member , " said FIFPro in a statement . "  The World Footballers ' Association would also like to express its gratitude to all who joined together with FIFPro to ensure a successful outcome . " Neither the Qatari Foreign Ministiry nor the Qatari Football Association was not immediately available for comment , but in October the QFA told CNN that "  as in any other football association in the world , there will unfortunately always be contractual disputes between clubs and players/coaches . " It went on to add : "  It is also relevant to emphasize that up to now the player has not taken any action in front of the competent judicial bodies of FIFA . "  Our records show also that Zahir Belounis received salaries from one of our other affiliated clubs , Al Markhiya Club , when he played there during the second half of the 2011/12 season . "  At the end of that season , Zahir Belounis contacted the QFA for outstanding salaries from Al Markhiya Club . The QFA immediately took action and , after analysis and investigation which gave him right , the player received full compensation . "  However , in the alleged case of El Jaish Club , Zahir Belounis did not contact QFA , although he had experienced the efficiency of doing so when his request was legitimate . " On Tuesday , FIFA President Sepp Blatter condemned European media for "  attacking " and "  criticizing " Qatar . "  It is not fair when the international media and especially European media are taking up the focus of an Arab country here in Asia , and attacking , criticizing this country , " Blatter said to delegates at the Asian Football Confederation awards in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  We are defending it . We have taken the decision to play a World Cup in the Arab world and we have taken the decision to play in Qatar and we will go and play this ... in 2022 in Qatar , " Blatter added . Earlier this month , the FIFA boss condemned working conditions in Qatar as "  unacceptable " following an Amnesty International report which claimed migrant worker abuse was rife . "  Economic and political leaders must contribute to improving the unacceptable situation in Qatar , " Blatter said in a statement on November 21 . "  I am convinced that Qatar is taking the situation very seriously . These very discussions about Qatar show just what an important role football can play in generating publicity and thus bringing about change . " Mahdi Belounis , the brother of Zahir , is now looking forward to meeting his brother at the airport and being reunited with his sibling . "  This is fantastic news , " he told CNN . "  He wanted to say thank you to all the people who had shown him support on Twitter and Facebook . "  This has been really traumatic for all of us -- for my mother and my disabled brother "  We know he was depressed and that he was on medication and he had talked about suicide . We were really scared of some tragic news . "  He should start from scratch . It 's OK now . "	Zahir Belounis given exit visa to leave Qatar Football player will return to France Thursday along with wife and daughters Tells CNN he wants to get his "  life back to normal " World players ' union announce four-day Qatar visit to discuss players ' human rights
CNN  -- A retrial in the case of two people accused in the Bahamas of attempting to extort millions from John Travolta over the death of the actor 's son was halted Monday just as it was about to get under way , according to the Bahamian attorney general 's office . The prosecutor in the case filed a motion for "  nolle prosequi , " asking for the trial not to proceed , the attorney general 's office said . A mistrial was declared last year after a not-guilty verdict was announced at a political rally while the jury was still deliberating . Travolta issued a statement Monday saying he had requested the retrial not to proceed due to the emotional distress caused by the ordeal . "  The long pending status of this matter continued to take a heavy emotional toll on my family causing us to conclude that it was finally time to put this matter behind us , " Travolta 's statement said . "  Therefore , after much reflection I concluded that it was in my family 's best interest for me not to voluntarily return to The Bahamas to testify a second time at trial . " Paramedic Tarino Lightbourn and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater were charged with trying to extort money from Travolta after his son died from a seizure on January 2 , 2009 . The money allegedly was to be paid in return for not making public a document Travolta had signed , declining to have his 16-year-old son , Jett , transported to a nearby hospital . Travolta refused a demand for money . The actor , who also is a pilot , said he signed the document because he initially wanted to fly his son to a Florida hospital instead . Lightbourn and Bridgewater pleaded not guilty . In the first trial , Travolta had testified that his son was found unresponsive by a nanny at home on the island of Grand Bahamas , where the family was spending the New Year 's holiday . Travolta said he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked . Travolta said he planned to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in nearby Freeport . The actor testified that while he and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to take the teen to the hospital , instead of flying to Florida . At the hospital , Travolta was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . During the ambulance ride , Lightbourn asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified . Travolta testified that he later learned about a demand for $ 25 million . If he did n't pay , "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press , " the actor said . "  The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow , " he said .	John Travolta cites "  emotional toll " in asking for retrial to be halted Two people were accused of attempting to extort money The case ended in mistrial last year
CNN  -- It 's early in the morning of a grand prix weekend , but Formula One 's kitchens are already sizzling with activity . Inside Red Bull Racing 's roof-top kitchen , four chefs are chopping , stirring and flipping spitting pans in perfect unison . "  I 'm normally at the track between 6 a.m. and 11 p.m. on the busiest days of the race weekend , " the team 's executive chef Sandro Gamsjager tells CNN as he peers out from the steam . At Williams headquarters , the UK team 's chefs are taking a breather after serving up their popular English breakfast . A traditional fry-up of bacon , eggs and all the trimmings is dished out to the ravenous British media before every Friday practice session . Motorsport 's extensive traveling circus is not likely to go hungry in Hungary , which hosts round 11 of the championship on Sunday . "  In a race weekend we go through more than 500 eggs , 15 kilos of butter and 10 liters of olive oil , " chef Adam Dixon tells CNN as he does the maths . F1 races on its stomach but , like most things in the elite division , fueling the sport is complicated . The chefs are spinning plates as they cater for three tiers of hungry mouths -- the race drivers , the teams and VIP guests . "  There are different levels of food service : the drivers ; downstairs is the buffet for the team ; and on the first floor it 's like a really high quality , a la carte restaurant . " adds Gamsjager , who also oversees the menu for Red Bull 's sister team Toro Rosso . First to be fed are the drivers , who as toned athletes munch on a more carefully controlled menu . "  Like everyone they have a diet of protein , carbohydrate and healthy fats , " Carlos Corell , the physio for Sauber reserve Giedo Van Der Garde , tells CNN . "  The only difference is the proportion of each they need compared to someone who sits at a desk all day . "  The races are mentally and physically demanding so they do need more carbohydrates , for example . "  Each driver 's physique , the track and weather all make a difference to the number of calories burned during a race but at the 2013 British Grand Prix , for example , Giedo burned 1,175 calories . " Drivers ' dietary needs Like so much in F1 , timing is everything . "  The only important thing for the drivers ' food is that it is on time , " says Gamsjager , who prepares the food for Red Bull 's four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo . "  They have a strict plan which we get in the middle of the week . Normally they eat one and a half hours before they get in the car . "  They eat the same thing every week -- it 's basically chicken , vegetables and pasta . Sebastian and Daniel might eat red meat on Sunday after the race . " Dixon , who cooks up Williams driver Felipe Massa 's meals , reveals : "  Felipe is very set . On Friday he 'll have chicken salad with tomato and maybe a little mozzarella after first practice . "  Maybe he 'll have some pasta with fresh tomato sauce after second practice . Interactive : Take a trip around the Hungaroring "  He has the same on Saturday and then on Sunday a little bit of pasta , tomatoes , olive oil and Parmesan before the race . He eats very lightly when he 's driving but he eats when he feels it 's right . " Across the other side of the Williams kitchen , chef Jon Smee is spicing up the menu for Valtteri Bottas . "  He has the same thing every day , which is wild rice with vegetables and tuna -- but he likes it spicy , " Smee reveals . "  He also has a side salad with a chilli vinaigrette . "  Valtteri has cut down on the flapjack this year -- he 's not eating it now because he 's trying to keep slim . " Perhaps the Finn 's chilli diet and decision to cut out cakes has helped him climb onto the podium twice this season for a resurgent Williams team -- but not all drivers are so conscientious . "  I had one whose diet was penne arrabiata and a Mars bar every day , " laughs Dixon . Lean machine It 's not just F1 's drivers who are chowing down on healthy food . In an intensely competitive sport , each team looks to gain a competitive advantage any way they can , and that means its staff must be leaner . Pit crews who are now capable of changing tires in under three seconds rely on exercise regimes and carefully managed diets . "  I 've been doing this for 16 or 17 years and when I first started everyone was out to have a good time , " Dixon explains . "  Now there 's a real push to be physically fitter and to base food around healthy eating . It 's noticeable up and down the paddock . "  We 're looking at leaner cuts of meat and fish , we 're not serving fried food and the vegetables are steamed . " Serving up healthy grub is only one prerequisite for F1 's chefs -- quantity is just as important as quality . "  We make 2,000-2 ,500 meals from Wednesday to Sunday , " Gamsjager calculates . "  The ingredient we use the most ? Well , we do eat a lot of pasta . " Team staff tend to chow down on the ground floor of the motor homes -- or if the car needs an MOT , a takeaway sandwich satiates rumbling tummies . The top table On the upper tier of the plush motor homes of the Red Bull , Mercedes , McLaren and Williams teams , F1 's top tables are reserved for VIP guests , including local dignitaries , celebrities , business partners and sponsors . This is a chance for the paddock chefs to demonstrate their culinary prowess . The menus tantalize the tastebuds with beef cheeks and shallot and horse radish confit , crab cakes with sauce vierge and frozen coffee parfait . "  This is my little baby here , " says Gamsjager , proudly surveying his bijou Red Bull restaurant at the top of the motor home . "  To do a little bit of fine dining , I love this , I need this . "  I love to do variations , to make old things a bit newer , " adds the Austrian , who has won awards in his homeland for his cooking capabilities . The only problem with fine dining across 19 countries is that sometimes it 's hard to find exactly the right ingredients . "  If you go to Hungary and try to find micro herbs , it becomes a bit more difficult , " explains Dixon with a smile . Gamsjager agrees , citing India as a hard place to get healthy food . "  They have different thinking about those things , but all the other countries have very good products , " he says . "  For the overseas races , I always start two or three months before , and I send them an order list for the main things -- dairy , cheese and things like this -- and then when we arrive I drive around searching for where I can get fresh meat and fish , and I buy them by myself . " Michelin man With such complex catering demands , it 's no wonder that F1 's kitchens are filled to the brim with highly-trained chefs -- Mercedes even has a former UK Masterchef contestant among its ranks . The chefs insist there is no rivalry bubbling away between them -- though most also say they serve the best food . But arguably at the top of the table is a team which boasts a chef with two Michelin stars . Perhaps fittingly , the restaurant rating system was created by a company that was one of F1 's tire suppliers until the end of 2006 . Michael Caines , who earned his prestigious stars at Gidleigh Park in Devon , has been working in partnership with the Williams team since 2011 . But are Massa and Bottas served up Michelin-star-quality food on the road ? "  Michelin stars credit the quality of the food and the work you do but we ca n't pretend we 're bringing that to a pop-up restaurant -- and ultimately that 's what  the Williams motor home  is , " Caines , a lifelong F1 fan , tells CNN . "  What we do try to do is to bring inspirational cooking to F1 with the quality of flavor , service , the ingredients and presentation . " All the chefs agree , however , that the most important ingredient when it comes to fueling F1 's global circuit is a taste of home . "  We try to make everybody feel at home , " says Gamsjager . "  When I see the car running and then the team come in and have good food , I think it helps . " Dixon agrees : "  When you spend a lot of your time away from home traveling , the team really look to us to provide home-cooked food . "  There is something special about this job . You 're not just a chef . "	F1 's hungry mouths are fed by skilled chefs who serve up to 2,500 meals per race Chefs must make sure the drivers ' food is ready on time after each track session There is a push for teams to eat more healthy food while VIP guests pick from a la carte menu Williams team 's menu made by Michael Caines , a British chef with two Michelin stars
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has arrived in his home country from Cuba , where he underwent cancer treatment , the Venezuelan state-run broadcaster VTV reported Saturday . He returned after roughly a week in Cuba , where he received chemotherapy treatment . Chavez underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor last month . He has not said what type of cancer he has . VTV published an image of the president arriving Saturday night .	The Venezuelan president returns after about a week in Cuba He underwent chemotherapy treatment for cancer Chavez has not said what type of cancer he has
Washington  CNN  Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell is set to be sentenced on Tuesday following his conviction on numerous corruption charges . He faces a sentence that could be up to nearly 13 years in federal prison . So what 's a federal prison sentence like after you 've endured a high-profile political corruption trial ? CNN spoke with Jack Abramoff , the infamous lobbyist who spent more than three years in prison on corruption charges , who shared some words of advice for McDonnell . This interview was edited for length Jeremy Diamond , CNN : What 's the most important thing for Gov. McDonnell to know as he looks at some serious prison time ? Jack Abramoff : His status wo n't afford him any measure of grandeur over any other prisoner . In fact , it may cause him to have a few moments of discomfort . The prison system is full -- both on the inmate and staff level -- of some people who resent people who have had success in life . To the degree that he is able to keep his head down , get his time served as quietly as possible , that would probably benefit him very much . CNN : What 's the main thing that helped you get through your time in prison ? Abramoff : First , my family was essential . He 's going to have more difficulty from that point , obviously , given what 's transpired . My wife visited me every weekend -- 185 weekends . He wo n't have , unfortunately , that luxury , but hopefully the rest of his family and friends will be able to visit him frequently . So family , faith . And for me , and I think for many others , a sense of humor . Be able to laugh at least to yourself at the absurdity of what is happening in your life . And also the fact is that no matter what his sentence is , it 's unlikely that he 's going to end up with a sentence that 's going to keep him in prison the rest of his life . There is an exit . When he enters prison -- and it 's hard to see it on that day -- but that day is the worst day of the entire process , a process that 's been extremely humiliating and horrible and the worst possible life event . But the day you enter is the beginning of the process that ends it for you . CNN : There 's a saying that you only serve two days in prison -- the first and the last -- is there any truth to that ?  Ed . note : This is from "  The Wire " Abramoff : No . No . You serve every second in prison . But no matter how bad it is , it could be worse . You could be in a prison where people are getting raped and killed all the time . You could be in a prison in another country being sadistically tortured . There are all sorts of things that could be going on that are worse . CNN : Did you have any misconceptions about prison before you started serving your time ? Abramoff : I did n't have a clue . I did n't know anybody who had gone to prison . Nevertheless it was horrific , from minute one to the last minute . You 're confined , you have no privacy , there 's capricious stealing by the staff and by the inmates . Your property and anything that 's of value to you is constantly at risk . Sleep is very difficult in that environment . Getting an hour or two of sleep in a row is often very , very difficult . It 's horrible . And of course you have no control over your life . Particularly for somebody who is in the public life , that is particularly bad because the inmates and everybody around you and your family on the outside are hearing all sorts of things and you have no ability to affect the narrative in any way . CNN : What shocked or surprised you when you got to prison ? Abramoff : Some of the impressions I had at the beginning , they were n't fully shocking to me , was that upon entry how the other white-collar prisoners  greeted me  . The white-collar guys sort of take care of the white-collar guys and the drug guys sort of take care of the drug guys . Somebody new comes into the prison , the other inmates help them get acclimated to the experience . CNN : So you had some people who helped you when you got there ? Abramoff : Everybody . Everybody , basically , was extremely helpful . The inmates go out of their way to help somebody acclimate to this new world , which is a nightmare . CNN : So is that the first thing Gov. McDonnell should do if he does go to prison , to find those people who will help him ? Abramoff : They 'll find him . They 'll find him . As soon as he walks onto the compound , they 'll come up to him and introduce themselves and try to be helpful . Invariably you have people at the prison who are decent people . Most of the people , frankly , there are decent people who 've made mistakes in life and done things that they should n't have done , but , frankly , they 're decent guys . It 's more likely than not that he 'll be met with people trying to help and make it less miserable for him if possible and help him settle in . CNN : Do you have some tips for Gov. McDonnell to keep busy and make his time go by faster ? Abramoff : Yeah , I mean , basically , stay busy . Prisoners do different things . Some write , some read . Some engage in athletic events and working out and some do all of that . Some get involved in the religious groups that they 're part of . Some get involved in hobbies that are permitted in prison . There are plenty of ways to stay busy . The most important thing is to stay busy . One of the dangers for white-collar prisoners is they get in there and they 're so stunned by this new world and they reflect on their old world , and it puts them into a depressing mode that sort of leaves them almost catatonic and they do n't get going . CNN : Did that happen to you ? Abramoff : No , I adjust pretty quickly to wherever I 'm at . But I did see it in other people . I remember visibly one guy who was a banker and he came in and he just sat with his head in his hands and I said  $ " he had 70 something months ahead of him : ` You 're never going to survive this unless you start getting busy . ' CNN : Did your political skills help you in prison ? Abramoff : This is a place where he is going to interact with human beings 24 hours a day , seven days a week . The ability to be sympathetic to other people 's plights , the ability to be empathetic , these are all things that politicians either need to develop or are good at faking . The most important thing in prison is are you a genuine person . Prisoners can quickly pick out who 's a phony , who 's lying , who 's a BS artist . I was in there when somebody who 's very high-profile acted like that . And people shunned him . And then you 're dealing with not only the people from the outside , but the inside . And that 's too much . CNN : Do you think Gov. McDonnell will be watched more ? He may be watched more and treated more harshly , as indeed I was for the first year and a half , only from the point of view of certain -LSB- correctional officers -RSB- wanting to go home to the bar and brag about what they did to the governor , or something like that . CNN : You were saying that largely the other inmates treated you like an equal , but there were some instances when the staff treated you differently ? Abramoff : The only way to deal with that is to just keep your head down , be humble , be obedient , follow every rule and just be as courteous and unassuming and unprepossessing as you can . That 's the only way around it .	Abramoff on McDonnell : "  When he enters prison ... that day is the worst day of the entire process " Abramoff said McDonnell needs to get busy fast and stay busy Some staff will treat McDonnell differently , Abramoff said . "  He just has to remain resolutely humble and just take it "
