CNN  -- They say in Brazil that football is second only to breathing in importance . On Tuesday , 200 million people in the World Cup host nation had their breath stolen away from them in a dazzling , dizzying display of scoring by the No. 2 team in the world , Germany . No one could have predicted a 7-1 scoreline . That 's something from qualifying when a big fish hosts a minnow . It 's not the result of a match between the top powers of the sport . Here 's a look at some of the record-setting numbers that came from the rout of all routs : 1 . They were in it -- for 10 minutes You 'd have to be almost 100 years old to have been in attendance for the last time Brazil was thumped this badly . At least we think it was Brazil . It certainly did n't look like the product of a nation that has won five World Cups . The funny thing is Brazil was pretty good for the first 10 minutes . They pressed the Germans , mostly kept the ball in the German half . But Germany scored in the 11th minute when Thomas Mueller was left so alone he could have set up a grill in the penalty area and made steaks for everyone . And then the Germans made a meal of the Brazilian defense , stuck in first gear , while the Germans were zipping both ball and strikers artfully through the confused Brazilians . A tearful David Luiz apologized to his countrymen . "  I just wanted to see my people smile . We all know how important it was for me to see all of Brazil be happy , at least because of football , " the defender said . 2 . Step aside , Ronaldo It was a triple disappointment for Brazil on Tuesday . Not only was the Selecao beaten badly , but famed goal scorer Ronaldo was bumped off the top of the all-time World Cup goal scoring list . German striker Miroslav Klose scored his team 's second goal , giving him 16 in World Cup matches , one more than Ronaldo . "  If you 've scored the most goals in the history of the World Cup , you 've had to earn it . He 's still playing at the highest level and scoring goals , " German coach Joachim Low said . A more inexperienced player might not have scored . Klose 's first shot was saved by a sprawling Brazil keeper . The 36-year-old pounced on the rebound and knocked it into the goal . And there was more disappointment . Germany now also lays claim to most goals by one nation in its World Cup history -- 223 . In second , Brazil at 220 . 3 . That sure did escalate quickly Brazil survived the first knockdown . But like a boxer sensing he can knock his opponent out with a flurry of well-targeted body blows , Germany unleashed hell on Brazil midway through the first half . Minute 23 and 24 . Bam . Bam . Minute 26 . Bam . Minute 29 . Meet the canvas . It was 5-0 before the first half hour . Germany scored a quartet in six minutes . You do n't even do that in training . "  We could n't react to going behind . We got disorganized and panicked after the first goal and then it all went wrong for us , " Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari said . 4 . Where 's the defense ? You think semifinal , and you imagine two teams playing cautiously , worried to give up a first goal that would doom them . Of the previous six semifinals , four of them had ended 1-0 . Another was 0-0 after 90 minutes and did n't see a goal until Minute 119 . Not these guys . They went forward with spirit And it ended with a scoreline from the early days of the World Cup . Germany appeared content to cruise after holding a 5-0 halftime lead , but the Brazilian defense was so lame , the Europeans went ahead and sent two more in to claim another couple of records . They became the first team to score seven goals in a semifinal and to hold the largest margin of victory in such a game . 5 . By the way , you guys get one more Do n't pack away the boots just yet , lads . You still have to play in everyone 's  very least  favorite contest -- the third-place match . What do you get if you win that , a gift certificate for dinner for two at Rio 's best steakhouse ? Can you imagine what the scene will be like if Argentina loses to the Netherlands and has to play its archrival in what is usually meaningless match ? Heck , we 'd even watch this game for a change .	Brazil was feeling pretty good after 10 minutes Then the defense faltered and let in a goal That was n't so terrible -- until things really fell apart just a few minutes later Germany set many records and broke many Brazilian hearts
CNN  Standing up for what you believe . What does it cost you ? What do you gain ? Memories Pizza in the Indiana town of Walkerton is finding out . The family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act after its owners said they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding . "  If a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding , we 'd have to say no , " Crystal O'Connor told CNN affiliate WBND-TV in South Bend . The statement struck at the heart of fears by critics , who said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians . They called for boycotts . But supporters also rallied . And by the end of the week , they had donated more than $ 842,000 for the business . Social media unloaded on the pizzeria in the community of 2,100 people that few folks outside northern Indiana knew existed before this week . RiskyLiberal tweeted : "  Dear #MemoriesPizza . No . My boycotting your business because I do n't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to practice your religion . " "  Do n't threaten #MemoriesPizza " tweeted Aღanda . "  Just mock them for their ignorance . " Bad reviews flooded the restaurant 's Facebook page , most having little to do with the quality of the food . Many too vulgar to share . "  Do you really want to financially support a company that treats some of your fellow citizens like second class citizens ? BOYCOTT MEMORIES PIZZA !! " said Rob Katz of Indianapolis . "  Let 's hope they either rethink their policy or the free market puts them out of business . " Anti-bigotry critics harass wrong pizzeria But one outburst in particular shut down the restaurant Wednesday and was expected to do the same Thursday . "  Who 's going to Walkerton with me to burn down Memories Pizza ? " Jessica Dooley of Goshen tweeted , according to the Walkerton Police Department . The account has been deleted since the tweet was posted . Detectives who investigated have recommended charges of harassment , intimidation and threats , according to Charles Kulp , assistant police chief . The mood was a bit more subdued on the streets of Walkerton . A man stood outside Memories simply holding a sign that reads "  bigots . " Jason Narducy bought $ 100 of pizza from another shop down the street and started handing it out , WBND reported . "  Do you want some non-discriminatory pizza ? " Narducy asked . But for every tweet and Facebook post taking Memories Pizza to task were words of support and a groundswell of financial support . "  Because nothing says tolerance like threatening to kill Christians & burn down their businesses , " said a tweet from Victor Nikki . "  What 's happening to #MemoriesPizza is n't the free market , it 's a lynch mob , " tweeted Savannah . "  Cyber bulling is n't the same as taking your business elsewhere . " Supporters rallied to a GoFundMe page in support of Memories Pizza . By the time the fundraiser ended late Friday , $ 842,387 had been raised . The purpose of the campaign is "  to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors ' stand for faith , " according to Lawrence Billy Jones II , the man who started it . For the O'Connors their stand was no pie in the sky dream . It was n't calculated but was spurred by their beliefs , they told WBND . "  That 's a lifestyle that you choose . I choose to be heterosexual . They choose to be homosexual , " Kevin O'Connor told the TV station . "  You ca n't beat me over the head with something they choose to be . " Faced with threats against business , they 're still weighing the cost . CNN 's Rob Frehse and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Indiana town 's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat Its owners say they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding
EINDHOVEN , Netherlands -- Frenchman Alain Bernard set a world record for the men 's 100 meters freestyle in 47.60 sec at the European swimming championships in Eindhoven on Friday . Bernard has not yet qualified for the Beijing Olympics . Bernard surpassed the 47.84 of Dutchman Pieter van den Hoogenband on September 19 , 2000 in Sydney , Australia . Bernard has yet to qualify for the Beijing Olympics but will have his chance at the French championships next month . After returning 48.70 in the morning heats , Bernard surged ahead over the last 50 meters of the semifinal . His previous best was 48.12 , in June 2007 in Saint Raphael in southern France . Bernard , from Antibes , said : "  I knew I had a great performance in me , but I did n't think I would set it  record  so soon . "  When I looked up and saw I 'd broken the record , I could n't stop shaking . I 'm still shaking , it 's unbelievable ! " Bernard becomes only the third swimmer to complete the distance in under 48secs , after Van den Hoogenband and Sweden 's Stefan Nystrand . Nystrand , the second swimmer to break the 48-sec barrier , in Paris , was quick with his congratulations . "  It was a great record for him . I really believed he could beat it , but I did n't think he would do it so soon , " said the Swede . Retired French swimmer Franck Esposito believes Bernard is strong enough to go even faster . "  I was sitting on my sofa and he nearly blew me off it . It 's stunning , " said Esposito . "  He 's fought really hard to get where he is , and it just goes to show they are doing some good work down at his club in Antibes . "  I 'm convinced Alain can swim in world record time at the Olympics . I think he 's capable of swimming even faster . " In the second men 's semifinal Fabien Gilot of France won in 48.68 . Bernard and Gilot will now lead France 's bid for the men 's European title , alongside co-favorites Nystrand , Italian Filippo Magnini and Croatia 's Duje Draganja . Reigning two-time Olympic 100m freestyle champion Van den Hoogenband missed Friday 's race having pulled out of the competition because of illness , after failing to qualify from the heats of the 200m freestyle . E-mail to a friend	Alain Bernard breaks the world 100m freestyle swimming record He covers the distance in 47.60 seconds in Eindhoven He has yet to qualify for the Beijing Olympics
As the furor mounts in Brazil over reports that the United States spied on President Dilma Rousseff and her advisers , the South American country 's foreign minister was in Washington on Wednesday . U.S. National Security Advisor Susan Rice told Brazilian Foreign Minister Luiz Alberto Figueiredo that the United States is committed to working with Brazil to address its concerns , the White House said in a statement . But in Brazil , debate over media reports about alleged National Security Agency spying showed no signs of cooling . Brazilian lawmakers say they plan to send a commission to Russia to speak directly with former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , who reportedly leaked documents cited in Brazilian media reports about the alleged espionage operations . Reports from Globo TV citing Glenn Greenwald , a Brazil-based journalist who obtained documents from Snowden , claim that Rousseff and the state oil company Petrobras were among the targets of the NSA . CNN has not independently verified the reports , which drew sharp condemnation from Brazilian officials this month . A foreign relations committee in Brazil 's Chamber of Deputies on Wednesday approved a trip for lawmakers to travel to Moscow and interview Snowden over the matter , state-run Agencia Brasil reported . Lawmaker Ivan Valente said authorities wanted more information , not just what had been leaked to the media . "  The leaked information is an issue of national sovereignty , " he said , according to Agencia Brasil . "  First , Brazilian citizens were spied on . Then companies , the president of the republic , ministers and now Petrobras . " Earlier this month , Brazil summoned the U.S. ambassador over the reports . And Rousseff has threatened to cancel her scheduled state visit to Washington in October . In Washington , officials emphasized U.S.-Brazil ties , while acknowledging the tension over the spying claims . ' "  National Security Advisor Rice expressed to Foreign Minister Figueiredo that the United States understands that recent disclosures in the press -- some of which have distorted our activities and some of which raise legitimate questions for our friends and allies about how these capabilities are employed -- have created tensions in the very strong bilateral relationship we have with Brazil , " the White House said in a statement . Reports from Brazil 's Globo TV over the alleged espionage have also drawn Mexico 's ire , with allegations that the NSA spied on Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto . U.S. President Barack Obama said he promised to look into the allegations when he spoke with Peña Nieto and Rousseff at last week 's G-20 summit in St. Petersburg . "  What I assured President Rousseff and President Peña Nieto is ... that I take these allegations very seriously , " Obama told reporters . "  I understand their concerns ; I understand the concerns of the Mexican and Brazilian people , and that we will work with their teams to resolve what is a source of tension . " The diplomatic tensions with Brazil and Mexico are the latest international fallout over documents leaked by Snowden , who faces espionage charges in the United States and is now living in Russia after authorities there granted him temporary asylum . Reports of U.S. espionage also roiled European officials over the summer after Germany 's Der Spiegel and Britain 's The Guardian published stories alleging that the NSA had targeted European government offices .	National Security Advisor Susan Rice meets with Brazil 's foreign minister Anger is growig in Brazil over reports of NSA spying Lawmakers say they plan to go to Russia and speak with Edward Snowden Reports claim the NSA spied on Brazil 's president , state oil company Petrobras
La Paz , Bolivia  CNN  -- A top Bolivian official has a stern warning for those who criticize President Evo Morales on social networks : He 's watching what they say , and taking names . "  I am always going online , and I am writing down the first and last names of the people who insult him on Facebook and Twitter , " Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera said in remarks widely reported in Bolivian media this week . The vice president 's comments have drawn sharp criticism from some free speech advocates . But lawmakers from Morales ' Movement for Socialism party say they hope to push a proposed law regulating social media through the country 's Congress . More on free speech : Philippines top court restrains cyberlaw Constructive criticism is fine , said Franklin Garvizu , a congressman from the president 's party . But officials have seen something more nefarious , he said . "  We are very worried because this is a case of systematically using communications mechanisms to plant hatred against the government , to harm the image of our president , " Garvizu said . Bolivian opposition leaders have a different take . They say such comments show the government 's authoritarian aim to censor social networks . "  Obviously on social networks one can not expect everyone to be praised . The opposition also receives insults from public officials , criticisms with no meaning , attacks , and it would never occur to us to block social networks , " said Samuel Doria Medina , who heads the opposition National Unity party . "  That 's why we 've recommended to the vice president that he gets an account , that he interacts  with people  . He will learn a lot more about young people , and surely not everyone will applaud him , but some will agree with him . " More on free speech : Press freedoms watchdog slams Turkish government Word that the government is monitoring information on digital news websites and social networks , and weighing regulating them , sparked sharp criticism among some on the streets of the capital city of La Paz . "  It goes against all the rights , human rights , above all , " said Maica Guzman . "  Where is freedom of expression ? " Others , like Cristina Perez , noted that the tone of discourse had gotten out of hand . "  No insult is good in any media , " she said . "  I think people should respect each other , but also these people should respect us . " Of Bolivia 's roughly 10 million residents , there are more than 8.7 million cell phone users iwith the ability to access Facebook and Twitter or download YouTube videos , said Eduardo Rojas , president of Bolivia 's Redes Foundation . There are about 1.7 million Facebook users nationwide , he said . That means government officials , he said , should see social media as an opportunity government can join , rather than a threat . Online , he said , "  you can defend , promote and spread human rights , and on the other hand complaints . " "  It is a device that can be used to deepen democracy , " he said .	Bolivia 's vice president says he tracks who insults President Evo Morales online Lawmakers from Morales ' party say they want to regulate social media Bolivian opposition leaders say the government is authoritarian , aims to censor critics
EW.com  -- The current eighth season will be "  Psych 's " last . The long-running USA Network series will conclude Wednesday , March 26 . The finale will be followed by a one-hour live "  Pysch " after-show featuring a Q&A with the cast and show creator , Steve Franks . Starz greenlights half-hour comedy from LeBron James Though the producers did not know about the cancellation until recently , they had an inkling this might be coming , sources say . So the final episode therefore feels like a suitable finale , with topics addressed like Juliet  Maggie Lawson  and Shawn 's  James Roday  relationship . "  Psych " is one of the rare cable dramas to surpass 100 episodes . Its legacy includes a two-hour musical , a 10-city college tour and five appearances at Comic-Con . ` Community ' : B.J. Novak to guest in season finale "  Psych has made an indelible imprint on the television landscape , with a unique brand of comedy , " said Chris McCumber , president of USA Network . "  The final season celebrates the iconic characters that have made this show so beloved , and will be an exclamation point on the series ' incredible run . And while the series will wrap in March somehow I do n't believe we 've heard the last of Shawn and Gus . " In 2013 , "  Psych " averaged 4.2 million viewers . Below is a message from stars James Roday and Dule Hill about the final season : See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	USA 's "  Psych " will end with its current eighth season The series finale will air on March 26 It will be followed by a one-hour Q&A with "  Psych 's " cast and creator
CNN  -- Having had to request and frequently justify force requirements for combat and noncombat missions , I know that terms like "  mission creep " and "  boots on the ground " in connection with America 's intervention in Iraq are frustratingly ill-defined and usually improperly used by those who have likely never had to plan or execute a military operation . As neither of these terms come from military doctrine , as a former commander I 'd like to try to clarify what I think they mean ... and what they do n't mean . Commanders are given missions . In the most recent situation in Iraq , a team of 300-plus military members -- of all ranks , and likely of many specialties -- were sent to Baghdad and Irbil to "  assess " the situation facing the Iraqi Security Forces ' ability to blunt ISIS . As part of that mission , the commanders on the ground -- Gen. Lloyd Austin at Central Command and Maj. Gen. Dana Pittard , who was sent from his posting in Kuwait to oversee operations -- conducted further analysis of the mission . They then likely assigned small teams to various Iraqi and Peshmerga units in the fight and the Operational Command Headquarters in Baghdad and Irbil to see just how bad things were . Opinion : What the U.S. can realistically do in Iraq As part of the assessments , these teams were asked to evaluate the state of the Iraqi Security Forces and the Peshmerga , and determine what they would need to put up a fight against an increasingly powerful , and horrific , enemy . That mission changed slightly when the President saw threats against the operation centers in the two cities , and he was made aware of an emerging humanitarian crisis in Ninewa Province , near the town of Sinjar . ` Heroic ' mission rescues desperate Yazidis from ISIS The new humanitarian missions -- as well as an expansion of the requirement to "  conduct an assessment " -- required different skill sets , and more people : intelligence analysts to track the enemy and help coordinate air strikes ; logisticians to look at potential requirements needed to transport refugees ; operators and fire supporters  artilleryman  who understand battlefield maneuver and fires ; medical specialists to potentially treat refugees ; aviation specialists who might need to coordinate ground maneuver with fast-moving jets and slower-moving helicopters delivering aid ; communication specialists who can expand the satellite communication to Air , Navy , Marine , Army and Special Forces assets ; and reconnaissance experts who would need to contribute to a better understanding of what was happening on the ground in the crisis areas . Were there 40,000 Yazidis -- as initially reported -- or were there 500 ? What were their conditions ? What is the ground like for the potential of large fleets of arriving air or ground transport ? What does the enemy look like near the location ? Who are the Yazidis , and why does ISIS want to kill them ? All of these questions were part of the commander 's assessment -- the military calls them Priority Intelligence Requirements , or PIR  another one of those pesky military acronyms  . The special operators who were pulled off Mount Sinjar Wednesday night were doing those kinds of missions . I ca n't predict with certainly what may happen next . But because I 've been a part of these kinds of missions , I 'm optimistic . I do know U.S. military forces are protecting the operation centers in Irbil and Baghdad ; we now have a better assessment of the fighting capabilities of the ISF and Peshmerga than we had 30 days ago , and we now know a lot more about the situation on Mount Sinjar . Why does the U.S. intervene militarily in Iraq but not in Syria ? Is this "  mission creep ? " I do n't think so . It is what we in the military call situational assessments and a troop-to-task analysis , as the mission evolves . Are there more "  boots on the ground ? " Absolutely , even though many who wear the uniform flinch at this term  most would prefer to be called military professionals rather than be referred to as part of a uniform ; this term was initially coined to help determine how long a soldier had been in theater -- "  I have 450 days boots on the ground in Iraq " -- so we would know how much time at home we needed to provide them to recover  . Now , as a private citizen and a former soldier , I 'd prefer the various analysts discuss what the mission is , and how we are accomplishing it . The arbitrary use of the two confusing and ill-defined terms of "  mission creep " and "  boots on the ground " are not helpful in getting to the meat of the strategic issues against a determined enemy . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	U.S. has sent military advisers into Iraq to help in fight against ISIS Military analyst : Many wrongly focus on the terms "  mission creep " and "  boots on the ground " He says the advisers are sizing up what needs to be done and recommending accordingly
CNN  More Chris Pratt equals even more awesome . The "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star appears in an adorable fan "  pop culture mashup " You Tube video of two of his projects , "  Parks and Recreation " and the upcoming "  Jurassic World . " Scenes with Pratt 's "  Parks " character Andy Dwyer are spliced into the trailer for his new film , in which he plays Owen , a member of the staff at the Jurassic World theme park . The loveable and goofy Dwyer announces that he can serve "  Security . Sweets . Body Man . Javelin , if need be , " and Owen warns that a hybrid , genetically modified dinosaur is highly intelligent and has the ability to "  kill anything that moves . " The video , posted by Thanks Mom Productions , is not the best editing job in the world , but who cares when it means double the Chris Pratt ? "  Jurassic World " will be released June 12 .	The video combines his "  Parks and Recreation , " "  Jurassic World " characters The "  Jurassic Park " sequel will be released in June
CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency finalized new federal standards on toxic pollutants and mercury emissions from coal power plants Wednesday , a move being praised by environmentalists but criticized by others , who predict lost jobs and a strain on the nation 's power grid . EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson , at an event at the Children 's National Medical Center in Washington , announced that for the first time U.S. coal and oil-fired power plant operators must limit their emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants . "  I am glad to be here to mark the finalization of a clean air rule that has been 20 years in the making , and is now ready to start improving our health , protecting our children , and cleaning up our air , " Jackson said . "  Under the Clean Air Act these standards will require American power plants to put in place proven and widely available pollution control technologies to cut harmful emissions of mercury , arsenic , chromium , nickel and acid gases . In and of itself , this is a great victory for public health , especially for the health of our children . " EPA rules in place since the 1990s target acid rain and smog-forming chemicals emitting from power plants , but not mercury , a neurotoxin known to damage developing fetuses and children . Senate panel examining how chemicals in daily life affect kids ' health Despite federal limits on emissions of mercury from other sources , such as waste incinerators , there have been no limits on coal-fired power plants , which the EPA says constitute the single largest source of mercury emissions . "  These standards rank among the three or four most significant environmental achievements in the EPA 's history , " said John Walke , clean air director of the National Resources Defense Council . "  This rule making represents a generational achievement . " The new regulations are among the most wide-reaching to come from the EPA during Barack Obama 's administration . They include separate limits for mercury emissions , acid gasses , and other pollutants from several metals . Opinion : We must stop allowing mercury pollution Specifically , the EPA will impose numerical emission limits for all existing and future coal plants and propose a range of "  widely available , technical and economically reasonable practices , technologies , and compliance strategies , " to meet the new demands . According to an EPA analysis , the larger economic benefits of the reduced pollution will more than pay for the short-term clean-up costs . The EPA also predicts more jobs will be created than lost as power plants invest million of dollars in upgrades . It also estimates the new regulations , by reducing people 's exposure to these toxins , will prevent 11,000 premature deaths each year and trim health costs . "  EPA estimates that for every dollar spent to reduce pollution from power plants , the American public will see up to $ 9 in health benefits . The total health and economic benefits of this standard are estimated to be as much as $ 90 billion annually , " the agency said in a news release . But the EPA also acknowledges the regulations will result in increased power grid strain : by its estimate , 14.7 gigawatts of power supply will be eliminated from the U.S. power grid when the rules take effect by 2015 . That figure -- enough to power well over 10 million U.S. households -- is overly optimistic , according to other industry analyses . Several industry groups and some Republicans also disagree about the economic impact the new regulations will have . Reps. Darrell Issa and Jim Jordan , chairmen of the House Oversight Committee and subcommittee on Regulatory affairs , respectively , sent a letter to the White House earlier this week claiming the "  EPA has failed to perform a proper analysis of the rule 's impact on job creation " and "  consider the rule 's impact on grid reliability . " The new rules have also made their way to the Republican presidential campaign trail , with Jon Huntsman recently predicting increased brownouts during the summer and Rick Perry declaring the EPA is a "  job-killing " agency . And the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , a group traditionally sympathetic to Republicans , has aired ads urging listeners not to "  let the EPA turn out the lights on the American economy . " But the Obama administration has found an ally in New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who argued in a recent op-ed for the Huffington Post that the new standards are gravely needed . "  We can stop this , " Bloomberg wrote of mercury poisoning . "  We can spare children this tragic injustice and the pain it brings their families . We can spare adults from losing years off their lives . And we can spare taxpayers the enormous health care costs that come with mercury-related-illnesses . " Environmentalists , who earlier his fall were outraged with Obama over his refusal to push for ozone emission standards the EPA supported , are also strongly on board . "  This bold new announcement means less contaminated fish -- and more protections for kids who are at risk of developing learning disabilities and other problems that have been linked to mercury poisoning , " the Sierra Club said in an e-mail to CNN . "  This is a big public health victory , 20 years in the making . It 's one of the most important anti-pollution measures in recent memory . " Mary Anne Hitt , director of the Beyond Coal Campaign , said , "  As a mom , I 'm especially excited to know that millions of mothers and babies will now be protected from mercury poisoning . We all teach our kids the simple rule that if you make a mess you should clean it up -- and now polluters will have to follow that same rule . " The new rule requires that the vast majority of mercury contained in coal be captured and prevented from releasing into the air when burned for energy , and would require operators to shut down or upgrade the least efficient power plants . Power plant operators have three years to comply with the new standards , but plant operators may be granted additional time to install the necessary emissions improvement technologies if they are able to demonstrated a valid need . Once airborne , mercury enters bodies of water through precipitation , becomes methylmercury , and accumulates in the food chain . The EPA and the Food and Drug Administration jointly recommend that pregnant women and young children limit their consumption of fish and shellfish to two meals a week because of the methylmercury contamination . CNN 's William Hudson contributed to this report .	This is "  a clean air rule that has been 20 years in the making , " EPA chief Jackson says The rules set numerical emission limits for all existing and future coal plants Some Republicans say the rules will kill jobs The EPA says an analysis shows more jobs will be created than lost
CNN  As further proof that you can now 3D-print anything , a company called Natural Machines has introduced a 3D printer for food . The "  Foodini , " as it 's called , is n't too different from a regular 3D printer , but instead of printing with plastics , it deploys edible ingredients squeezed out of stainless steel capsules : "  It 's the same technology , " says Lynette Kucsma , co-founder of Natural Machines , "  but with plastics there 's just one melting point , whereas with food it 's different temperatures , consistencies and textures . Also , gravity works a little bit against us , as food does n't hold the shape as well as plastic . " The Barcelona-based startup behind the machine says it 's the only one of its kind capable of printing a wide range of dishes , from sweet to savory . "  In essence , this is a mini food manufacturing plant shrunk down to the size of an oven , " Kucsma said , pointing out that at least in the initial stage the printer will be targeted mostly at professional kitchen users , with a consumer version to follow , at a projected retail price of around $ 1,000 . In principle , the Foodini sounds like the ultimate laziness aid : press a button to print your ravioli . But Natural Machines is quick to point out that it 's designed to take care only of the difficult and time-consuming parts of food preparation that discourage people from cooking at home , and that it promotes healthy eating by requiring fresh ingredients prepared before printing . Nevertheless , the company is working with major food manufacturers to create pre-packaged plastic capsules that can just be loaded into the machine to make food , even though they assure these will be free of preservatives , with a shelf life limited to five days . The printing process is slow , but faster than regular 3D printing . Other than being capable of creating complex designs , such as very detailed cake decorations or food arranged in unusual shapes , the Foodini can be useful for recipes that require precision and dexterity , like homemade pizza or filled pasta . Currently , the device only prints the food , which must be then cooked as usual . But a future model will also cook the preparation and produce it ready to eat . The idea also comes with a social element too . "  There 's a touchscreen on the front that connects to a recipe site in the cloud , so it 's an internet-of-things , connected kitchen appliance , " said Kucsma . Users will also be able to control the device remotely using a smartphone , and share their recipes with the community . That is , if people do n't balk at the idea of eating printed food . "  We have done tests and everybody liked the food , " explains Kucsma . "  Take the microwave oven , for example : in the 70s , people were a bit fearful about it , they thought food could be poisoned with radiation or something , but fast forward 30 years , and there 's one in every household . This is real food , with real fresh ingredients , it 's just prepared using a new technology . " The company is completing a round of financing and plans to begin mass manufacturing in the second half of 2015 . Read more from Make . Create , Innovate : Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Digital nose can sniff out cancer The race is on for flying cars	"  Foodini " is a machine that uses 3D printing technology to create meals It uses normal ingredients that must be loaded into stainless steel capsules It is controlled via a touchscreen device that connects to the Internet It will be available in late 2015 with a price tag of around $ 1,000
CNN  -- It was a record some thought would never be broken : Sergey Bubka 's mark in the pole vault . But Frenchman Renaud Lavillenie -- with Bubka cheering him on -- did the almost unthinkable by bettering Bubka in the latter 's hometown of Donetsk in Ukraine . Lavillenie cleared a height of 6.16 meters , surpassing the 6.15 meters Bubka achieved in 1993 on nearly the same day in February . "  I think it 's going to take me some time to come back to earth because it 's incredible , " Lavillenie , the reigning Olympic and European champion , was quoted as saying by the IAAF 's website . "  This is a world record that is so mythical , and to clear it on the first jump , without touching  the bar  , there 's nothing to say . It 's just a moment to savor . " Bubka had no issue with being upstaged . "  I think this is a great day , a fantastic performance , I am very happy that Renaud did this record in my home city where I did 6.15 , " Bubka was quoted as saying by the IAAF . "  I 'm very happy and proud for him , because he 's a great athlete and a fantastic role model . "  I 'm not disappointed because I thought this already before , even yesterday when we had a discussion about the record with Renaud . I felt it would be great if this guy could continue and receive the baton from me and bring glory to athletics . "	France 's Renaud Lavillenie sets a new world record in the pole vault He breaks the longstanding mark of Ukrainian legend Sergey Bubka Bubka was in attendance for Lavillenie 's feat in Bubka 's hometown
CNN  -- Americans should avoid all but essential travel to all or parts of 14 Mexican states , the U.S. State Department warns as violence has spread . Shootouts , kidnappings and carjackings have climbed , as have cartels , also known as transnational criminal organizations  TCO  , the State Department said this week in a broadened travel warning . While millions of U.S. citizens safely visit Mexico every year , the country 's ongoing violence and security concerns pose risks for U.S. citizens , and travelers should take precautions , the State Department advises . "  The TCOs themselves are engaged in a violent struggle to control drug trafficking routes and other criminal activity . As a result , crime and violence are serious problems throughout the country and can occur anywhere . U.S. citizens have fallen victim to TCO activity , including homicide , gun battles , kidnapping , carjacking and highway robbery , " its alert says . More than 47,500 people were killed in drug-related violence in Mexico between December 2006 and September 2011 , according to the State Department . While most of those murdered were involved in criminal activity , innocent people were also caught in the crossfire , the State Department said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared a crackdown on cartels in late 2006 . The number of Americans reported murdered in Mexico last year was 120 -- up from 35 reported in 2007 . "  We strongly advise you to lower your profile and avoid displaying any evidence of wealth that might draw attention , " the alert says . The travel warning urges Americans to defer nonessential travel to all or parts of the following 14 states : Chihuahua , Coahuila , Durango , Nuevo Leon , San Luis Potosi , Sinaloa , Sonora , Tamaulipas , Zacatecas , Aguascalientes , Guerrero , Jalisco , Michoacan and Nayarit . Travelers should also exercise caution visiting all or parts of Baja California , Colima and Morelos , it says . The previous U.S. travel warning issued for Mexico by the State Department , dated in April , advised American to avoid travel to all or parts of 10 states .	Americans are urged to avoid travel to all or parts of 14 states Shootouts , kidnappings and carjackings are cited 120 U.S. citizens were reported killed in Mexico last year
CNN  -- A gas main explosion in Philadelphia Tuesday evening killed one utilities worker and injured five other people , a fire department official said . Philadelphia Gas Works employees were responding to a gas main break in the city 's Tacony neighborhood when the explosion occurred , fire department spokesman Jim Smith said . "  They were trying to control it and found a source of ignition , " according to Smith , who said four PGW employees and a firefighter were among the injured . He said some of the gas workers ' injuries were serious . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this story .	The explosion occurred in Philadelphia 's Tacony neighborhood The blast killed one utilities worker and injured five other people Some of the injuries are serious
Washington  CNN  -- Every one of the 3,000 students at T.C. Williams High School in Alexandria , Virginia , has met with a guidance counselor and come up with individual goals that include plans for graduating high school and beyond . "  I 'm surprised by how invested the students have gotten in creating the goals for themselves , " said guidance counselor Elisabeth Neace . While students at T.C. Williams have thought about their future , many high school students have not , and leave high school unprepared for adult life . That transition from secondary school to employability is the focus of a new report released by the Harvard Graduate School of Education that advocates a shift in the way the United States looks at college degrees . "  It is long past time that we broaden the range of high-quality pathways that we offer to our young people , beginning in high school , " according to the Pathways to Prosperity report . It says that in the United States , too much emphasis is placed on attending and graduating from a four-year college as the only path for success . While 47 million new jobs are projected to be created in the United States by 2018 , only a third of those will require a bachelor 's degree or higher , according to the report . Thirty percent of those new jobs will require an associate 's degree or a post-secondary occupational certificate . "  In our view , the U.S. system would be greatly strengthened if the pathways to all major occupations were clearly delineated from the beginning of high school , " the report says . This would let students and their parents clearly see what courses of study and other experiences would "  best position them to gain access to that field , " the report adds . Also , the report advocates a larger role for future employers by linking classroom learning to actual jobs through paid internships , and providing more access to jobs related to the students ' field of study while they are still in school . The report recommends that future employers work with educators to design programs of study for students . "  Our goal should be that beginning no later than middle school , all students should have access to this system of employer involvement and assistance , " according to the report . "  Unless we are willing to provide more flexibility and choice in the last two years of high school , and more opportunities for students to pursue program options that link work and learning , we will continue to lose far too many young people along the path to graduation , " says Robert Schwartz , who heads the Pathways to Prosperity Project at Harvard . Traditionally , U.S. students receive career advice from middle and high school guidance counselors , but the report points out that under the current system , the average ratio of students to counselors is 500 to 1 . The counselors at T. C. Williams feel extremely lucky to have a ratio of 151 students to one guidance counselor . The high school restructured its administration for the 2010-2011 school year and added an additional five counselors to its staff of twelve . "  The lower ratio means the counselors are having access to students in ways we have n't been able to before , " according to Greg Forbes , the director of secondary school counseling there . The additional staff allows them to have more interaction with the students . "  It 's a different type of feel when you are talking about customizing and personalizing education for each and every child , " said Forbes .	A new report calls for a shift in the way the U.S. looks at college degrees Too much emphasis is placed on college as the only path for success , the report says The report advocates "  clearly delineated " pathways to all major occupations
Tokyo  CNN  -- It 's billed as "  the happiest place on Earth . " And Friday , Disneyland 's Tokyo theme park reopened in hopes of bringing some of that missing happiness back to the Japanese people . The park has been closed since the March 11 earthquake that devastated northern Japan and the electricity shortage that followed . Disney fans lined up as early as 6:30 a.m. , an hour and a half before Friday 's reopening , hoping to be the first into the park . Mickey and Minnie Mouse , Goofy , and a host of other Disney characters surprised visitors as the gates opened at 8 a.m. . A sort of Disney hysteria swept over the crowd as Mickey danced in front of visitors minutes before the official opening of the park . "  We were so excited , we were almost crying , " Tokyo Disneyland visitor Mika Hasegawa said . The re-opening comes at a critical time for Japan , as the country struggles to regain some semblance of normalcy after the earthquake and tsunami that killed 13,500 people in the country 's northeast . Many Tokyo residents have refrained from excessive celebrations and parties out of respect for the victims . But Disneyland visitor Minako Ootsuka said that while Japanese people should be mindful of the disaster , it 's also important to have a good time and release stress . Hiroshi Suzuki , public relations manager for Oriental Land Co. -- the company that owns Tokyo Disneyland -- agreed . He said visitors were so elated when they saw Mickey and the other characters , he wished he could bring that kind of happiness to all people in Japan . Other visitors to the park said they thought it was important to start getting out and spending money to get the economy running again . Erika Kanehira said she planned on visiting Tokyo Disneyland as often as she could and would also purchase merchandise to help the disaster area recover . For every guest admitted to the park through May 14 , Tokyo Disneyland will donate 300 yen  about $ 4  to the Japanese Red Cross . The park will also be operating under shortened business hours in order to save power . Suzuki says the company hopes to get the park up and running on usual business hours as soon as possible . But most visitors are happy to have the park back at all . Tomomi Takehashi said Disneyland was a place where people can come to laugh and smile -- and that may be exactly what the Japanese public needs right now .	"  We were so excited , we were almost crying , " a park visitors says Tokyo Disneyland has been closed since the March 11 earthquake The park is donating about $ 4 to the Japanese Red Cross for every ticket
CNN  -- The Syrian government has said it will let the United Nations enter the country and deliver humanitarian aid to people in need , a U.N. official said Tuesday . "  After a long time of very intense negotiations , we now have an agreement in writing with the Syrian government on the scale , scope and modality of humanitarian action in Syria , " John Ging , director of operations at the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , said in Geneva , Switzerland . "  Whether it 's a breakthrough or not will depend on the action on the ground . I can not predict what that will be , but we will work very hard to make it a breakthrough , because the people of Syria need us to break through with a much bigger humanitarian response . " Ging said the Syrian government has signed a memorandum that describes the planned humanitarian response for the approximately 1 million people who need humanitarian aid urgently . ` Audacious steps ' needed in Syria , Arab diplomats says The announcement followed a meeting between international aid organizations and representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic , the third such meeting and the first to result in an agreement , he said . In New York , the U.N. Undersecretary for Humanitarian Affairs , Valerie Amos , said the need is urgent . "  If we do n't get significant numbers of people in on the ground supporting the Syrian Arab Red Crescent , supporting those small NGOs  nongovernmental organizations  that are doing what they can , we are not going to be able to shift this , " she told CNN International 's "  Amanpour . " The announcement of the delivery of humanitarian aid came the same day that Syria announced that it was expelling diplomats from 11 countries . The tit-for-tat move comes a week after those nations expelled Syrian officials in response to a massacre . Residents of Houla , where more than 100 people were killed , nearly half of them children , pleaded via Skype for basic necessities . Houla massacre : Tipping point , but in what direction ? "  For more than 10 days now , the criminal regime forces have cut off basic food items from entering Houla area , " said the statement from the opposition Houla Media Center . "  They stopped flour , gas and medicine from coming in , and they continue to cut off electricity because the main supplying plant was hit by the sporadic shelling . ... We call on relief and human rights organizations to help us and open humanitarian corridors for basic items so you do not become collaborators in the  regime 's  massacres . " President Bashar al-Assad 's regime denies responsibility for the massacre and has said it is fighting to stop "  armed terrorist groups . " To press for tough action against the Syrian regime , the United States is sending a delegation to Russia this week led by special adviser Frederic Hof , a senior Obama administration official said . The official was not authorized to speak on the record . Russia and China have previously used their veto power to block passage of U.N. resolutions condemning al-Assad 's regime . Both countries have major trade deals with Syria . Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov said talks between Russia and the United States "  continue at various levels , " the state-run news agency RIA Novosti said . Could Russia help push out al-Assad ? Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister , Prince Saud al-Faisal , spoke out against Russia on Tuesday after a meeting of the Gulf Cooperation Council in Jeddah . "  We feel that the position which Russia has taken so far at the Security Council is unjustified , " he said . "  And we hope that Russia will re-evaluate its stance towards this region , especially Syria . If Russia is careful about its relations with Syria , then I believe it is mistaken to stand as an obstacle against the popular Syrian position . "  It is time for Russia to change its position from standing by the Syrian regime to sincerely try to stop the violence and support a peaceful transition of power , " al-Faisal added . Syria 's Foreign Ministry said diplomats from the United States , Britain , Switzerland , Turkey , France , Italy , Spain , Belgium , Bulgaria , Germany and Canada were being declared persona non grata . Among them is U.S. Ambassador Robert Ford , who has been in the United States since February , when the U.S. government closed its embassy in Damascus . But a U.S. official said Ford will keep working . "  This certainly is n't going to stop Ambassador Ford from continuing his important outreach to the Syrian people , " Deputy State Department Spokesman Mark Toner said in Washington . "  He 's going to continue our efforts to support a peaceful political transition for which the Syrian people have so bravely fought . " British Ambassador Simon Collis , who is in Britain , is on the list as well . Turkey 's ambassador and all members of the embassy -- diplomats and administrators -- are expelled , the Syrian Foreign Ministry said . All members of the Canadian Embassy are listed as well . Last week , Syria expelled the Dutch charge d'affaires after the Netherlands was among countries expelling Syrian diplomats . Despite the expulsions , Syria "  stresses the importance of dialogue based on principles of equality and mutual respect between nations , and diplomacy is the necessary vehicle to connect with countries to resolve conflicts between countries , and pending issues , " the Syrian Foreign Ministry said in a statement . "  We hope that those countries that took this step believe in adopting these principles to allow the relationship to go back to its normal state of being . " The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported that 51 people were killed Tuesday in the nation , including 12 in Latakia province , where the opposition clashed with regime forces on the outskirts of Hiffa . Residents of the Hiffa area "  have issued a call for help to the U.N. observers after the regime 's shelling in the area , and are warning of an impending massacre with the entry of Shabiha to the city , " the Local Coordination Committees said . U.N. and U.S. officials have blamed the Shabiha militia , acting on behalf of the government , for the massacre in Houla . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another opposition group , also reported the clashes Tuesday on the outskirts of Hiffa , saying at least 11 opposition members were killed : two civilians and nine rebel fighters . Dozens of civilians were wounded , the group said . Medical sources and activists reported at least 22 members of the Syrian security forces and government militia killed as well , the observatory said . Separately , "  A colonel in the Syrian army was shot and killed outside his house , in the city of Deir Ezzor , by unknown gunmen , " the observatory said on its Facebook page . Syria , on state-run news agency SANA , said "  armed terrorist groups " killed three officers . Seventeen "  army and law enforcement martyrs " were buried Tuesday , Syria said . The head of the U.N. observer mission in Syria , Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , met in Damascus on Tuesday for more than an hour with Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Miqdad , the United Nations said . Meanwhile , U.N. observers in Hama found the atmosphere tense , the United Nations said . "  There is heavy military presence and several roadblocks where residents are stopped and screened . Tanks and armored vehicles are still visible on the outskirts of the city . The streets are empty , and many shops are closed . Many residents have fled their homes , and those that remain are mourning the loved ones they have lost , " a U.N. statement said . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Arwa Damon , Jill Dougherty and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	U.N. 's Valerie Amos calls for "  significant numbers of people on the ground " "  We now have an agreement in writing , " says U.N. official The Houla Media Center issues a statement pleading for humanitarian help U.S. sending delegation to Russia to press for action against Syrian regime
CNN  -- She 's the latest teen prodigy to emerge from golf 's conveyor belt and if she keeps producing stellar performances like this 15-year-old Lydia Ko may well shelve her plans to stay an amateur . The Kiwi stormed to the top of the leaderboard at the Australian Women 's Open in Canberra with a ten-under-par round of 63 that included 11 birdies , one eagle and , astonishingly , three bogeys . Ko 's round meant she eclipsed her playing partners , world No. 1 Yani Tseng and American Michelle Wie , another player who grabbed worldwide attention when she qualified for the Women 's U.S. Amateur Public Links Championship aged just 10 . The teenager , who was born in South Korea , won her third professional tournament last week in her native New Zealand and leads by a shot in Canberra from Colombian Mariajo Uribe . And despite giving notice of her intentions , even if she were to win the Â # 1.2 million tournament , she wo n't be able to claim any prize money as she still is still an amateur . "  After my bogey on my first hole , which was the 10th , I thought ` what 's today going to be like ? ' But after a couple of birdies , I started to feel pretty comfortable , " she told the tournament 's official website . Ko needed just 30 shots to complete her front nine holes and her illustrious playing partners thought she could be on course for a record-breaking round of 59 . But Ko played down that it was on her mind during her round : "  I 've played good before and gone triple , par bogey or whatever . I did n't really think about what I was going to shoot . It was one shot at a time . " Her performance certainly made a lasting impression on her partners . "  Playing with Lydia , five-under  par  is like nothing , " said Tseng , from Taiwan . "  She still looks like 15 . I do n't know how she hits the ball that well . I 'm not even close to her at 15 . "  She is only 15 but she looks like a pro , so I mean I treat her like a pro , but I treat her like a child , too . I feel I 'm getting old , " the 24-year-old added . Ko might now shelve plans to go to college and hone her game there in favor of turning professional . Her coach and mentor Guy Wilson hinted at the prospect after her victory at the New Zealand Open . He told Fairfax Media : "  Realistically she 's probably going to look to turn pro next year , only because the opportunities now are pretty obvious . Wasting two years at college could be a disadvantage , " The Australian Women 's Open has a purse of $ 1.2 million but as an amateur , Ko wo n't be able to share in the spoils even if she ends up winning . But she does look set to improve on her official world ranking of 30 . Ko 's tally of ten-under is the lowest score ever recorded at the Women 's Australian Open , trumping Karrie Webb 's nine-under 64 in Melbourne 13 years ago . But due to preferred lies being in operation , where a player can clean and place their ball as long as it is on the fairway , due to several parts of the course being wet from over watering , Ko 's 63 will not go into the record books .	Fifteen-year-old Lydia Ko fires an opening round of 63 to lead Australian Women 's Open Kiwi leads the tournament after carding 11 birdies and one eagle in her round on Thursday Ko eclipses playing partners world No. 1 Yani Tseng and American Michelle Wie
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Our resident coach and technical expert Chris Meadows has plenty of experience in the sport and has worked with some of the biggest names in golf . Chris has worked with more than 100,000 golfers throughout his career . Growing up beside Nick Faldo , Meadows learned that success in golf comes through developing a clear understanding of , and being committed to , your objective . A dedicated coach from an early age , he soon realized his gift was the development of others . Meadows simple and holistic approach to learning has been personally shared with more than 100,000 golfers in a career spanning three decades . Many of his instructional books have become best-sellers , his career recently being recognized by the Professional Golfers ' Association when he was made an Advanced Fellow of the PGA . Chris has been Living Golf 's resident golf expert since 2003 .	Chris Meadows has worked with some of golf 's big names He has personally coached more than 100,000 golfers Chris was made an Advanced Fellow of the PGA
EW.com  -- People constantly debate whether the phrase , "  All publicity is good publicity , " actually has any credence , but in the case of Lana Del Rey , the saying has proven itself true . After nearly six months of feverish online debate -- her name ! her lips ! her backstory ! -- the divisive songstress , whose poorly received performance on "  SNL " launched a thousand blog posts , lands high on this week 's chart . Her debut album "  Born to Die " debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 , selling a solid 77,000  if not spectacular , considering its marketing budget  copies . Impressively , Del Rey accomplished this feat without a single bona fide "  hit " to her name . Although her recent video for "  Born to Die " has amassed over 19 million views , she has only charted one song domestically : "  Video Games , " and that only reached No. 91 on the Hot 100 . Understandably , 74 percent of her album sales were digital downloads . Adele , of course , topped the chart once again , logging her 19th week in first place . Thanks to massive Grammy buzz , the blockbuster album moved another 122,000 copies , which means "  21 " has now sold over 100,000 units in 35 separate weeks . Yahoo 's Paul Grein notes that this is the first time an album has done this since Creed 's "  Human Clay , " which logged 49 weeks of sales above 100,000 from 1999 to 2001 . If Adele wins Album of the Year at the Grammys on Sunday  as she is expected to  , "  21 " should easily blaze past the 7 million mark . The only other debuts in the Top 10 were Leonard Cohen 's "  Old Ideas , " which sold 41,000 , and Fred Hammond 's gospel album "  God , Love And Romance , " which sold 26,000 . Check out the Top 10 below : 1 . Adele , "  21 " -- 122,000 2 . Lana Del Rey , "  Born To Die " -- 77,000 3 . Leonard Cohen , "  Old Ideas " -- 41,000 4 . Various Artists , "  2012 Grammy Nominees " -- 34,000 5 . Kidz Bop Kids , "  Kidz Bop 21 " -- 30,000 6 . Drake , "  Take Care " -- 30,000 7 . Tim McGraw , "  Emotional Traffic " -- 29,000 8 . Fred Hammond , "  God , Love And Romance " -- 26,000 9 . LMFAO , "  Sorry For Party Rocking " -- 22,000 10 . Rihanna , "  Talk That Talk " -- 22,000 See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lana Del Rey lands high on this week 's chart Her debut album "  Born to Die " debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 , selling a solid 77,000 copies Impressively , Del Rey accomplished this feat without a single bona fide "  hit "
CNN  -- The wife and son of an 85-year-old American being held in North Korea called for his release Monday , saying they need him back at the head of the table for Thanksgiving . Merrill Newman of Palo Alto , California , was pulled off a plane in Pyongyang . He has been detained ever since . His wife , Lee , said she would like to remind authorities in North Korea that Newman has been held for 30 days . "  We need to have Merrill back at the head of the table for the holidays . And we ask -- respectfully -- for them to release him and let him come home , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Asked what she would like to tell her husband , Lee Newman said simply : "  We 're missing you , and we want you home . " Washington does not have diplomatic relations with Pyongyang , and it has been working through Sweden -- the U.S. protecting power in North Korea -- to obtain information about the American . "  We 've had talks with the State Department , regular conversations since the detention . I think they 've been working very hard to secure the release , to establish sufficient communications to get some feedback . But at this point , we do n't think there 's been any official feedback , " said Newman 's son , Jeff . "  The Swedish consulate , which would be the first touch point , has n't had any contact with him and that 's what we need to know -- if nothing else to just establish his well-being and the fact that he 's getting his medication . " The family has said Newman suffers from a heart condition and only had enough medication for the trip . They have sent packages of medication but do not know whether he has received them . Newman , a Korean War veteran and retired financial consultant , was last seen aboard a flight from Pyongyang to Beijing . Just minutes before the plane was to depart , he was removed from the flight by North Korean authorities . According to his family , he had been on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea . From phone calls and postcards he sent , the trip was going well and there was no indication of any kind of problem , his son said . "  We just want nothing more than to have this misunderstanding put behind us , " Jeff Newman told Blitzer . "  The right thing to do would be to put him on a plane and let him come back and join his family that loves him and misses him in California . " Newman is one of two American citizens being held in North Korea . The other one , Kenneth Bae , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean government has said he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . North Korea has not publicly said why it is holding Newman . Among the possibilities is his military service . He served as an Army infantry officer during the Korean War , which saw North Korea fight South Korea , the United States and the United Nations between 1950 and 1953 . An armistice signed in 1953 ended the three-year war between North Korea and South Korea . The two sides technically remain at war . "  His time that he spent in the service was an important part of his life as a young man , and he was , I think , trying to put closure on that , " said Newman 's wife . "  He always has had an interest in the world , a respect for the Korean people , and he was looking forward to this as an opportunity to see the country -- for whatever opportunity he might have to see the people -- and to come back with a sense of comfort on having completed that circle . " It is also possible North Korean authorities mistook him for another Merrill Newman , a Korean War veteran awarded the Silver Star for valor in combat . North Korean authorities are known to routinely run background checks on foreigners , travel agencies warn potential visitors . News of the detention came as talks were under way between the United States and China , North Korea 's closest ally , about reviving negotiations to dismantle Pyongyang 's nuclear program . The timing raises questions about whether North Korea plans to use Newman as a bargaining chip in the negotiations , a move the West has previously accused it of using to try to gain concessions from negotiations .	Merrill Newman of Palo Alto , California , was pulled off a plane in Pyongyang North Korea has not publicly said why it is holding Newman "  We 're missing you , and we want you home , " his wife tells CNN
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 24 people were killed and 33 were injured in Saturday 's audacious Maoist attack on a political motorcade in India 's Chhattisgarh state , the province 's home secretary told CNN Sunday . No arrests have been made so far , but investigations have begun , Chhattisgarh 's Home Secretary N.K. Aswal said . The assault on a convoy of politicians from the country 's ruling Congress party also killed Mahendra Karma , founder of a controversial anti-Maoist tribal militia called Salwa Judam , or the Purification Hunt , authorities say . At least 16 cars in the motorcade of local Congress leaders were passing through a forested area in the eastern Indian state when Maoists triggered a land mine and opened fire on them , area Police Superintendent Mayank Srivastava told CNN . At least 200 guerrillas were involved in the ambush , Srivastava said , citing witness accounts . Among the dead were eight policemen , three laborers and some car drivers , he added . On Sunday , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited some of the injured in a hospital in Raipur , the capital of Chhattisgarh state . He was accompanied by his Congress party chief Sonia Gandhi . "  We will pursue the perpetrators of this crime with urgency , and I can assure the nation that the government is committed to bringing them to justice , " Singh said . Saturday 's Maoist raid came barely three days after Singh announced what he called a significant decline in killings by left-wing insurgents , whom the federal government describes as the nation 's gravest internal security threat . "  The quantum of violence as well as the resultant killings perpetrated by the left-wing extremist groups in 2012 declined significantly for the second successive year , " said a report Singh released on Wednesday to mark the fourth anniversary of his second term in office . He insisted his government has continued to provide public infrastructure and services in tribal districts hit by Maoist extremism . The rebels , officials say , aim to seize power through an armed liberation struggle . Since the 1960s , the militants have said they are fighting for the dispossessed . Authorities suspect that Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities but also among youth and intellectuals . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call "  class enemies , " the insurgents also are believed to be attacking infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .	Maoist rebels detonate a land mine , open fire on a political motorcade Among the 24 killed is the founder of an anti-Maoist tribal militia , eight police officers Most people in the convoy were from India 's ruling Congress party Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visits the injured , vows to find culprits
CNN  Hayat Boumeddiene seemed kind and polite , always wearing a veil and often motoring around on a scooter with her romantic partner , Amedy Coulibaly , a neighbor in a southern Paris suburb recalls . Now the 26-year-old Boumeddiene is the subject of an international dragnet after Coulibaly -- said to be linked to two brothers suspected in the Charlie Hebdo massacre -- killed hostages at a Paris kosher supermarket Friday before police fatally shot him . Police earlier named Boumeddiene and Coulibaly as suspects in Thursday 's slaying of a female police officer in the southern suburb of Montrouge . With Coulibaly dead , and Charlie Hebdo suspects Cherif and Said Kouachi killed Friday in a separate standoff north of Paris , Boumeddiene is the last prime , publicly identified suspect that police are seeking in connection with France 's recent wave of terror attacks . A Turkish Prime Ministry source told CNN that Boumeddiene entered Turkey on January 2 , arriving at the Istanbul airport on a flight from Madrid with a man . That means she may not have been in France at the time the policewoman was shot on Thursday , as authorities originally believed . Authorities offered no immediate explanation of the discrepancy , but have said she is wanted in connection with a terrorist attack . During routine screening of arriving passengers , Boumeddiene and her companion were flagged by Turkey 's Risk Assessment Center at the airport and a decision was made to maintain surveillance on their movements . The pair checked into a hotel in Istanbul and engaged in "  tourist type " activity for a couple of days . When her name was made public by French investigators after the Paris terror attacks , Turkish authorities alerted their French counterparts to her movements . Turkish agents tracked her to what the official said was her last confirmed location near the Syrian border . She had a return ticket to Madrid for January 9 , but she failed to take her return flight from Istanbul that day , according to an official in the office of Turkey 's Prime Minister . A French source close to the nation 's security services said it 's believed that Boumeddiene is no longer in France and she is thought to have left for Turkey , "  of course to reach Syria . " French authorities have asked Spain to look into the possibility that Boumeddiene transited through Spain en route to Turkey , a Spanish source close to the nation 's security services said . It is not confirmed that she did travel through Spain , but "  it is true that we are working on that line of investigation , on that possibility , " the source said . Earlier , French police union spokesman Pascal Disant said Boumeddiene may have left the market siege and eluded capture as hostages were freed . So far , no witness has publicly said she was there . But Disant said that the Kouachi brothers and Coulibaly were part of the same jihadist groups , and Paris prosecutor Francois Molins indicated Boumedienne and Cherif Kouachi 's wife also were well acquainted , saying they exchanged 500 phone calls in 2014 . Armed investigators on Saturday milled around the apartment shared by Coulibaly and Boumeddiene in Fontenay-aux-Roses , south of Paris . Both of their names were still on a letterbox in the lobby of the building , situated across from a library . They lived in an apartment above an Indian restaurant for about five years , according to a neighbor who spoke on condition of anonymity . The neighbor said the couple were always polite , and she often saw them drive around the neighborhood together on a scooter . As far as the neighbor could remember , Boumeddiene always wore a niqab , a veil that some Islamic women wear to cover all of their head and face except for the eyes . The French newspaper Le Parisien reported that Boumeddiene was one of seven siblings hailing from Villiers-sur-Marne , France . Her mother died in 1994 , and at age 8 or 9 she and some of her other siblings were put into foster care when her father struggled to raise them alone , Le Parisien reported . The paper reported that Boumeddiene "  religiously wedded " Coulibaly in 2009 . The next year , Coulibaly and Cherif Kouachi were involved in a 2010 attempt to free an Algerian serving time for a 1995 subway bombing , a Western intelligence source told CNN . Coulibaly was indicted May 22 , 2010 , and spent time in prison in connection with the prison break plot . Cherif Kouachi was under investigation for the same plot , but there was not enough evidence to indict him , the source said . Photos published by the French newspaper Le Monde purport to show Boumeddiene in 2010 in a rural setting , wearing a niqab and an abaya -- a loose garment covering the rest of her body -- and holding a weapon that appears to be a crossbow . Another photo shows her pointing the weapon at the camera , but her face is obscured by the niqab , with only her eyes exposed . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the photos . In one of the photos , Boumeddiene in a niqab is posing nearly cheek to cheek with Coulibaly in what the newspaper called a selfie . Coulibaly holds a pistol in a firing pose in another photo . In another , Boumeddiene is kneeling and readies to fire the crossbow-like weapon . In that photo , her face and hands are exposed , but her face can only be seen in profile . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Hayat Boumeddiene , alleged accomplice of Amedy Coulibaly , entered Turkey , source says Police killed Coulibaly in standoff , hostage-taking at Paris market Le Monde says photos show Boumeddiene in a niqab and holding a weapon in 2010
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- In her first interview since being released from jail , Paris Hilton told CNN 's Larry King on Wednesday that she has never used drugs , is n't a big drinker , and although she feels her incarceration was unwarranted , God had a reason for putting her there . Paris Hilton talks to Larry King on "  Larry King Live " Wednesday night . "  Do n't serve the time ; let the time serve you , " Hilton said . "  I have a new outlook on life . " The 26-year-old hotel heiress was released from jail early Tuesday after being sentenced to 45 days in jail for driving on a license that was suspended after she pleaded no contest in January to alcohol-related reckless driving . Her jail term was cut almost in half for good behavior . Being incarcerated , Hilton said , provided "  time to get to know myself " and she has emerged from the jail cell with a determination to eliminate the bad elements , and bad friends , from her life . She also promised King , "  I 'm just going to follow all the laws . " Grilled about the friends she had to sacrifice , she replied , "  I 've gotten rid of a lot of people . " Asked for names , she said , "  I do n't want to hurt anyone 's feelings , but they know who they are . " During her 23 days in jail , Hilton said she meditated , read letters from fans , talked to other inmates through the vents , wrote in her journal and read the Bible , though she could n't cite a favorite passage when asked . It was also nice to have a little privacy , she said , and to "  be away from all the flashes for a while . " Watch what Paris watchers say to that " Her imprisonment also reversed a mental disorder she said she had suffered from all her life . Asked by King if her time in jail cured her claustrophobia , she said , "  Now that I 'm out of there , yes . " But there were rough times , too , she said . The food "  was n't that tasty , " she said . Being strip-searched was the most humiliating experience of her life and one Sunday visit from her parents was especially emotional for her , she said . "  It was my first Father 's Day I could n't give my dad a hug , and that was really hard on me , " she said , describing how she was separated from her visitors by glass . When she arrived at the Century Regional Detention Facility , her claustrophobia became too much to handle , she said . She could n't sleep . She could n't eat . She suffered from anxiety and panic attacks , she said . Her deteriorating mental condition is what prompted Sheriff Lee Baca -- much to the chagrin of the judge who sentenced Hilton -- to release her to house arrest after consulting physicians . "  He thought it 'd be better for everybody if I just went home , " she said . An angry prosecutor and judge demanded that she be returned to jail . "  Ten minutes before the police arrived I 'm yanked out of bed " and told the news , she said , describing the situation as "  crazy ; it was pure madness . " Hilton said that her lawyer told her that her license was valid . "  I never would 've driven on a suspended license . I get followed by paparazzi all day . Why would I have the audacity to do that ? " Asked if she got a "  raw deal , " she replied that she had and that she was shocked when her 45-day sentence was handed down because "  that does n't happen ever . " Her lawyers had predicted she 'd get community service , she said . "  But I do n't know . Even though I hate it , I 'm glad it happened in a way because this really changed my life forever , and I feel stronger than ever . " Perhaps the world 's most famous socialite , Hilton said she has picked up her life and career -- which includes modeling , perfumes , clothing , movies , singing and television shows -- where she left them for an 8-by-12-foot cell three weeks ago . But despite her reputation , Hilton said it wo n't be hard to give up the party heartiness that has helped make her famous . Why ? Because she does n't have a problem , never has -- those are just "  stories " that the media have made up about her , she said . Asked three times if she has ever used or been addicted to drugs , she replied flatly , "  No . " Asked if she was a big drinker , Hilton told King , "  I 'm not really into it . I think socially people do sometimes when they go out , but it 's not something that I really care about . " She added , "  People make up so many crazy stories . The things I read about and things I see is not the person who I am . It really baffles me sometimes when I read things -- the places I 've never been , people I 've never met -- it 's really shocking to me . " The buildup to the much-anticipated interview was palpable . Passersby may have thought a head of state was arriving at CNN 's Los Angeles studio Wednesday , but the hullabaloo was for Hilton . With scores of onlookers and paparazzi gathered behind police barriers on the side streets -- still and video cameras perched eagerly -- a dozen Los Angeles police officers and several private security guards carefully watched the alley behind the building on Sunset Boulevard . Hilton arrived in a black Cadillac Escalade , wearing white-rimmed sunglasses and a cream-colored minidress with lace sleeves . She was hustled through a vacant lobby -- cleared especially for her arrival -- and upstairs to the studio where King has prodded news makers for CNN for more than two decades . King , decked out in a purple button-down , polka-dot tie and his trademark suspenders , was promptly told that Hilton would need 15 minutes in hair and makeup before beginning one of the most sought-after interviews in recent history . The gambling Web site Bodog was taking wagers on what comments Hilton would make during the interview . Odds were , according to the Web site , Hilton would discuss finding God in jail and the mental health issues from which she suffered while incarcerated . Bodog.com founder Calvin Ayre said taking odds on Hilton "  seemed like a natural fit for us . The vast majority of our odds are based on the most common questions being asked by the public . " But whether Hilton is serious about reinventing -- or dismantling -- herself remains to be seen . Time will be the determinant of whether Hilton has changed her wily ways or if this is a spurious attempt to rebuild a battered image , said Laurie Levenson , a law professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles . "  I think some of it could be sincere , and some of it could be her handlers , " she said . "  If it 's not sincere it will crack pretty fast . " It is possible , Levenson said , that the "  transformative experience " of being jailed could have had a profound effect on the heiress , and whether it sticks will depend on what kind of reinforcement and recognition she receives for being good . Levenson said she is unsure whether Hilton has the necessary tools to be a "  great contributor to American society , because she 's been playing somewhat of a vacuous role . " But , Levenson acknowledges , being a good girl may not bode well for business -- "  Sometimes society likes the naughty Paris Hilton . We like a bad girl . " After Wednesday 's hourlong interview , Hilton walked out of the studio and chatted with two children and posed for a photo with them outside the studio 's control room . Of the interview , she told a producer in the hallway , "  I was nervous , but Larry 's so sweet . " E-mail to a friend	Paris Hilton : "  I 'm just going to follow all the laws " Hilton denies three times using or being addicted to drugs Hilton says sentence was excessive Jail strip-search humiliating , Hilton says
CNN  -- Manchester City retained their leadership of the English Premier League as a David Silva goal settled a high-class clash against Arsenal at the Etihad Stadium Sunday . Champions and city rivals Manchester United had gone a point clear with an earlier 2-0 win over Queens Park Rangers , but City responded with their eighth straight league victory in their home stadium . Sergio Aguero wasted a great chance for City as they made a strong opening , but they had to wait until the 53rd minute to make the breakthrough . Mario Balotelli 's shot was pushed out by Wojceich Szczesny and Silva reacted quickest to prod the ball home . Is Mancini the right man to lead Man City ? Pablo Zabaleta saw his shot rattle the Arsenal post , but the visitors played their part in a pulsating encounter . Central defender Thomas Vermaelen drew a fingertip save from Joe Hart as the clock counted down and then saw another curling effort go inches wide . But Roberto Mancini 's men held on for the win to restore their two points advantage over United . "  It was massive for us , we did n't underestimate the importance of this game and we 're happy with the result and to keep a clean sheet , " said City captain Vincent Kompany . Alex Ferguson 's men were on the front foot at Loftus Road from the moment Wayne Rooney headed home their opener inside the first minute . Midfielder Michael Carrick grabbed his first goal for United in 70 games to wrap up the win in the second half . Tottenham Hotspur moved back into third place with a 1-0 win over Sunderland , but saw winger Aaron Lennon limp off after a hamstring tear in the first half . His replacement Roman Pavlyunchenko scored the only goal just after the hour mark after clever work by Rafael van der Vaart . Liverpool maintained their push for a Champions League spot with a 2-0 win at Aston Villa whose fans vented their frustration at manager Alex McLeish . Craig Bellamy opened the scoring and then set up Martin Skrtel with a 15th minute corner to put Kenny Dalglish 's team on course for a fifth away win of the season . They are now level on points and goal difference with fifth-placed Arsenal .	David Silva goal gives Manchester City 1-0 win over Arsenal Champions Manchester United easy 2-0 winners at QPR Tottenham Hotspur in third place after 1-0 home win over Sunderland Aston Villa fans jeer team after 2-0 home loss to Liverpool
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A lawyer breaks down sobbing in court . The president 's children sit in the public gallery . The secretary general of the ruling party , the African National Congress , sits behind them . Outside , military veterans and riot police hold back crowds dancing in support of the president . This is no normal high court case hearing . At issue is "  The Spear , " a piece of artwork depicting the president of South Africa as a Lenin figure with his genitals exposed , accused of offending the dignity of Jacob Zuma . The painting has pitched culture and tradition against constitutional rights . It has polarized a nation : Those who believe it is offensive to depict the President -- and in fact any black person -- in this way against those who believe in the freedom of expression . South Africa is the custodian of one of the most progressive constitutions in the world , held up as a model state when it comes to protecting freedoms and rights . The furor began nearly two weeks ago when an exhibition entitled "  Hail to the Thief " went up in a small suburban gallery in Johannesburg . It was the artist Brett Murray 's interpretation of what has become of South Africa 's young democracy . And it was not kind . Through his art he portrayed the ruling party , the ANC , as corrupt , selfish and full of broken promises . But it was the one painting of Zuma that got the nation hot under the collar . For a few days it sat there largely unnoticed , quietly minding its own business , until the ANC woke up and saw the picture in a Sunday newspaper . The party demanded it be taken down . The gallery refused . And so the legal battle ensued . Then , this week , along came the protesters , one white , one black , both working independently of each other , who calmly walked into the gallery and smeared the painting with red and black paint . Both claimed the painting was an insult to the honor of the president . The two were arrested , the painting was taken down and the gallery closed . The image of the painting , however , remains on City Press ' website . The defacing of the painting was not going to stop this battle . Foes of painting plan march to gallery Today was the first day of the hearing in the High Court of Johannesburg . Outside , the ANC had erected a stage and struggle songs burst out into the streets . Throngs of people gathered with posters demanding Zuma 's dignity be restored and the painting destroyed . Former ANC armed-wing veterans dressed in full military uniform held the crowds back from the court . Riot police looked on . Reporters filmed their pieces to camera . Inside the court an air of calm reigned despite being full to capacity . Rows of journalists tweeted incessantly , ANC bigwigs greeted each other fondly , and a handful of the President 's 21 children looked on . Sitting on the bench were three highly respected judges , one white Afrikaaner male , one Indian female and one black female : A true reflection of this country 's diversity and equality . The leading lawyer , Gcina Malindi , began by arguing for the removal of the painting and the image on the basis that no one deserves such indignity whoever they are . The judges retorted that it was an impossible feat to take it out of public circulation . The image is everywhere : On social networks , Twitter and the internet -- it even has its own Wikipedia page . One judge then asked how dignity could be restored by removing the picture from websites . The senior lawyer began his answer . He took the court back to South Africa 's fight for freedom and human rights . They were now free and had been vindicated . His last line was , "  The struggle was a just struggle . " It was then that the sobs rang out across the courtroom . The lawyer had broken down crying . As he began to talk of the struggle , he held back the tears , trying desperately to contain himself , but it was no use . The impact of his breakdown was made all the worse by the fact that he was hooked up to the microphones . His sobs were loud and clear for all to hear . With his head in his hands he fell to the desk . The judges looked awkward , adjourned the case and scuttled off into their chambers leaving a stunned courtroom to work out exactly what had just happened . Malindi had been imprisoned and tortured on Robben Island during apartheid . He was a freedom fighter and is now a highly regarded lawyer . He simply could not contain his emotions when talking about the freedom that he and many other black people in South Africa had fought for . He later said his line of argument had brought up many emotions that he had felt 25 years ago . He added that he should have had more self-control , but "  unfortunately I did not ' . When the court returned , Malindi calmly walked back into the courtroom and requested a postponement . Both the complainants and respondents agreed as did the judges . It was not to be a cut-and-dried case . Three days have been set aside to hear the case in full at a date yet to be decided . So the nation awaits the final verdict as the court balances the president 's dignity against freedom of expression And in the meantime , the ANC has called for further protests and the boycotting of City Press . The battle rages on .	Painting by Brett Murray , "  The Spear of the Nation " shows Jacob Zuma 's genitals South Africa 's ruling ANC claims the artwork offends the president 's dignity Party wants the controversial image to be removed from websites Lawyer sobs in court describing South Africa 's struggle for freedom , human rights
CNN  -- Last night my youngest son , fresh out of college , and I got into a heated debate over who affected our culture more : Bob Dylan or Steve Jobs . On the surface this was the kind of crazy , even absurd , argument that families often get into . But dig deeper , and it was about how generations define themselves : through the lyrics of one of the greatest songwriters of the 20th century or the objects of one the greatest visionaries of the century , through resistance to an unpopular war and opposition to unjust social practices or through the use of products that that have changed how we work , play and communicate with each other . Writing on my MacBook , with an iPhone in my pocket and an iPad on the table next to me , it is easy to argue that Jobs ' achievement was not only that he reimagined how technology could be used but that he redefined how it could look . Can anyone really think anymore of working on a personal computer that does not have a brushed and machined aluminum casing or that is not sleek and thin , perfectly balanced , not so light as to be insignificant nor too heavy as to be not genuinely portable ? Can anyone accept an awkward interface whose icons do n't know how to dance gracefully to a downloaded tune suggested by Genius ? Jobs ' insistence on objects whose look paralleled their use â $ " not in the modernist sense of form following function but in his commitment to making devices that looked as good as they functioned -- made owning an Apple a deeply personal statement . And his relentless commitment to getting the details right , the shape of a screen , for instance , or the appearance and click of a keyboard , the size and location of the track pad , or something as simple as an on/off switch or a magnetic power cord connection , set a standard that every competitor has tried to match . Apple 's elegance and refinement of technology can , of course , be seen simply as a clever marketing strategy , a means of differentiating itself in a crowded marketplace . But despite the company 's rigid protection of its brand , the way Apple treats the design of its products transcends any simple notion of branding . Jobs realized that the digital generation not only wanted access to an endless array of information and entertainment , it wanted it delivered in a way that projected the user 's sense of self ; that personal style mattered as much as function . Apple 's ability to find a way to consistently make its products look and act better than similar products while appealing to individuals of every age and walk of life â $ " kids as well as grandparents , hipsters as well as bankers â $ " and from almost every corner of the planet is about a brand going viral and becoming a cultural phenomenon . And that gets us back to Dylan , whose music shaped and defined a generation here and abroad . In a very different way , and with a very different meaning but with at least as great an impact , Apple has become an almost universal sign of belonging to a connected and open world that is deeply curious and innovative and is youthful in spirit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Glenn D. Lowry .	Glenn Lowry says Steve Jobs , like Bob Dylan , is icon who helps generation define itself He says it 's hard to imagine working on computer without production values of an Apple He says Jobs insisted on products that worked and looked good ; made personal statement Lowry : Apple a nearly universal sign of belonging to connected , curious , youthful-in-spirit world
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The call came over the radio . "  Shots fired . " And then , even worse : "  Officer down . " Billy Rhoads , chief of the Fort Hood Fire Department , grabbed a radio and donned his flak jacket . He jumped into his SUV and tore down the road . A dozen or so blocks away , at the Soldier Readiness Center , a gunman had opened fire on soldiers . Rhoads stepped from his truck . His department 's motto is "  Protecting those who protect us . " He hoped he was not too late for that . The scene was chaotic . Wounded and dead soldiers were everywhere . "  I was listening to people hollering for help , and I was trying to get in there to see what we had , " Rhoads recalled three days after the November 5 attack . "  I assumed that we would have maybe several victims . I had no idea , I just could not fathom what we were going to encounter . " Amid all the army uniforms , one dark blue uniform stuck out . It was Fort Hood police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , who , officials say , shot the alleged gunman , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , to end the rampage . She suffered three gunshot wounds . "  I broke and ran over to her , " Rhoads said . "  I got over to her and began trying to talk to her . " Rhoads and Munley had worked closely in the past . He considers her a friend . Army medics had fashioned a makeshift tourniquet on her leg . He bent down to comfort her . She was extremely weak and unable to speak loudly . "  I just kept reminding her of her daughter and that she needed to stay with us for the baby 's sake , " he said . "  She 's a very tough cookie . " Munley , 34 , had served in the Army herself before becoming a police officer at Fort Hood . Her husband is a staff sergeant in the Army , and their daughter is 3 years old . Munley 's neighbors have said she is so tough , she stopped burglars from entering her house last year . Said Rhoads of Munley : "  The old saying that dynamite comes in small packages is very true . " Emergency personnel were flooding the scene , and helicopters were en route to evacuate the injured . Rhoads , who began as a volunteer firefighter 26 years ago when he was just a teen , took over the scene as incident commander . But first , he paused for a quick prayer . "  I just asked the Lord to be with me , to give me the strength and the courage I need to do my job wisely and keep my people safe . " Even as the first responders worked on the dozens of wounded soldiers , they were n't certain whether there were other shooters on the post . "  The thought 's always there on your mind that there could be another suspect in the area , " Rhoads said . As for Hasan , the fire chief says that discussing the shooting suspect is too emotional . "  I saw the suspect from a distance , but I never got a look at him . " Rhoads ' prayers remain with the soldiers he tries to keep safe . "  It 's very emotional for everybody when we lose our soldiers . But when we lose them here at home like this , it takes it to a different level . " He says the department has arranged for counselors to be available for the firefighters as they process all they have endured . They 've received phone and text messages from fire and police departments all across the country , offering support and prayer . But the main thing his firefighters have relied on , he says , is each other . "  Afterward , everyone started to console each other and talk to each other . It 's a brotherhood . "	Fire chief came across officer , told her she "  needed to stay " for her daughter Chief says people were hollering all over the scene : "  I had no idea " Billy Rhoads began firefighting when he was a teen
Washington  CNN  -- Wendy Davis is attacking her partially paralyzed Republican opponent Greg Abbott in the Texas governor 's race -- with an ad that features an empty wheelchair . "  A tree fell on Greg Abbott . He sued and got millions . Since then , he 's spent his career working against other victims , " a narrator says of the wheelchair-bound Abbott . The spot is a Hail Mary from the Democratic state senator who is badly trailing in the race . Abbott led Davis 54 % to 40 % in a recent CBS/New York Times/YouGov poll , and there are few signs she 's likely to close that gap before the November 4 election . The ad argues that Abbott successfully sued for his 1984 injury , but later as a Texas Supreme Court justice and state attorney general opposed similar efforts from other people suing hospitals and corporations . "  Abbott argued a woman whose leg was amputated was not disabled because she had an artificial limb , " the narrator says . "  He ruled against a rape victim who sued a corporation for failing to do a background check on a sexual predator . He sided with a hospital that failed to stop a dangerous surgeon who paralyzed patients . " Abbott 's use of a wheelchair has been featured prominently in some of his own ads -- including a biographical spot where he says he rolled up a parking garage 's ramps to strengthen his arm after a tree fell on him in 1984 , leaving him partially paralyzed . In another , he says , "  a guy in a wheelchair can move faster than traffic on some roads in Texas " as he touts a transportation funding plan . Abbott spokeswoman Amelia Chasse blasted the Davis ad , saying it "  completely disqualifies " Davis -- hinting that it could hurt her in future campaigns , too . "  It is challenging to find language strong enough to condemn Sen. Davis ' disgusting television ad , which represents a historic low for someone seeking to represent Texans , " she said . "  Sen. Davis ' ad shows a disturbing lack of judgment from a desperate politician , and completely disqualifies her from seeking higher office in Texas . " Wendy Davis violated Texas election law , GOP opponent alleges	Wendy Davis attacks her GOP opponent with an ad featuring an empty wheelchair Her opponent , Greg Abbott , is partially paralyzed and uses a wheelchair It 's a Hail Mary by a candidate who polls show trailing badly in the race 's final weeks
All-conquering Spain marched on at the Confederations Cup Sunday with a 3-0 win over Nigeria to top Group B. Two goals from Jordi Alba and a further strike from substitute Fernando Torres made it a comfortable night in Fortaleza for the World and European champions . Copa America winners Uruguay also confirmed their passage to the semifinals with a 8-0 rout of Pacific Islanders Tahiti in Recife , but both sides had a man sent off . Uruguay will now face hosts Brazil in Belo Horizonte Wednesday in a potentially explosive all South American semifinal . Spain take on fellow European powerhouses Italy in Fortaleza the following night . Their third victory in a row was almost guaranteed from the moment left back Alba opened their scoring in the third minute with a superb solo effort . African champions Nigeria briefly rallied , but Spain took total command in midfield and might have added further to the scoreline before the break . Chelsea 's Torres eventually emerged from the bench to score with a brilliant diving header from Pedro 's cross just past the hour mark . It was his fifth goal in the tournament . Alba rounded off the proceedings with another fine lone effort , sprinting clear from halfway to beat the Nigeria offside trap . Abel Hernandez was in the goals for Uruguay , who merely needed to beat Tahiti to progress . His 79-second strike was the fastest in Confederations Cup history . The Palermo striker headed home Nicolas Lodeiro 's corner and went on to grap three more goals . Diego Perez , Lodeiro and substitute Luis Suarez with a late double were also on target . The red cards came in the second half , the first to Andres Scotti for a second yellow after he had seen his penalty saved by Gilbert Meriel . Tahiti were also reduced to 10 men when Teheivarii Wagemann picked up a second yellow . The defeat marked the end of their fairytale inclusion in a top level FIFA tournament , losing to Nigeria , Spain and now Uruguay and conceding 24 goals to just one scored . But they have proved ever popular underdogs and provided a rare lighter note in a tournament marked by mass demonstrations outside stadiums by Brazilians protesting against poor public services and corruption .	World champions Spain beat Nigeria 3-0 Top Confederations Cup Group B with 100 percent record Uruguay rout Tahiti to confirm semifinal qualification Abel Hernandez scores four goals for Copa America champions
CNN  -- North Korea fully reopened its border to South Koreans on Tuesday , without explaining its reversal , the South 's Unification Ministry said . Cross-border gates between North and South Korea were closed on March 9 . The communist nation shut its border on March 9 , calling 12-day U.S.-South Korean military exercises a threat to its safety . But on Tuesday , North Korea normalized visits by South Korean workers and cargo trucks to an industrial complex jointly run with the South , Yonhap said . "  The North Korean side sent us a letter of approval this morning , " the news agency quoted Unification Ministry official Lee Jong-joo as saying . The letter did not explain the North 's reversal , Lee told Yonhap . Two batches of workers , totaling 287 people , crossed the border into North Korea on Tuesday , according to the Unification Ministry . More than 300 were scheduled to return at the end of the workday . North Korea had partly opened its border Monday , allowing nearly 300 South Koreans to return home . Many of the South Koreans work at the industrial complex in the North Korean border town of Kaesong . The border closing was part of a recent series of aggressive moves by North Korea , which included cutting the last remaining communications channel between North and South ; saying that the North could not guarantee the safety of South Korean passenger jets in its airspace during the annual joint military exercises ; and threatening to retaliate if a "  satellite " launch from its northeastern coast was intercepted , saying interference would "  mean a war . " U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 , under the guise of launching a satellite into space . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles  6,700 kilometers  that , if true , could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii .	NEW : North Korea fully reopens its border to South Koreans without explanation Pyongyang closed border March 9 because of U.S.-S . Korea military exercises Border partly opened Monday , allowing 300 South Koreans allowed to go home Stranded S. Koreans mostly work at joint industrial complex in border town Kaesong
CNN  -- Carnival Cruise Lines announced five more cancelled sailings Wednesday on the Carnival Splendor to allow more time to repair the ship damaged by fire last month . A fire in the engine room on November 8 crippled the ship , stranding passengers off the coast of Mexico for several days without air conditioning or hot showers . Departures on January 6 , 23 and 30 and February 6 and 13 have been added to cancellations originally stretching through mid-January . The ship is now scheduled to return to service on February 20 , according to the cruise line . "  We sincerely apologize to our guests for having to cancel these additional cruises , " said Gerry Cahill , Carnival 's president and CEO . "  We know this is extremely disappointing for our guests and particularly disheartening for those who already had their vacations cancelled once and are now being affected again , " Cahill said . Additional issues were discovered in the process of repairing the ship and Carnival is waiting on parts being manufactured in Europe . Refunds or future cruise credits are being provided to impacted travelers . Carnival will also reimburse passengers for air travel change fees and some customers will be eligible for a 25 percent discount and/or an onboard credit on a future cruise .	Sailings cancelled through mid-February on Carnival Splendor Cruise line needs more time to repair damage from fire last month Refunds or cruise credits will be provided to passengers
Washington  CNN  -- In a warm , fluorescent-lit clay studio at the Corcoran College of Art + Design , students , faculty and a soft-spoken priest are embarking on a mission . Their goal : Create 500 bowls for a fundraiser to help feed the hungry . "  There are over 9,000 homeless people in the nation 's capital , " says the Rev. John Adams , who has been trying to break the cycle of homelessness and hunger in Washington for more than 30 years as president of So Others Might Eat . The interfaith , community-based organization , which is in its 40th year , serves more than 1,000 meals a day and provides nearly 300 housing units to homeless and hungry people in Washington . "  We are in sight of the Capitol and still we have many , many homeless people who need our help , " Adams said . "  We 've seen over a 10 percent increase in the meals we are serving this past year . We 've seen a 17 percent increase in the people coming to our medical clinic . Our housing we provide is 100 percent full . " -LSB- The recession -RSB- is really affecting the poor . " Each year , So Others Might Eat hosts an Empty Bowls event where , for a $ 20 donation , guests are served a soup supper and given a handmade clay bowl . The events raise thousands of dollars for the organization , with local potters , studios and schools making and donating the bowls , and restaurants and shops donating the food . This year , for the first time , the group is partnering with the Corcoran to help supply bowls for the fundraiser in March 2010 . The bowls are intended as symbols of hunger . "  It 's a wonderful event to have these artists come here today to help feed the needy in our city , " Adams says . However , making bowls is no easy task . "  We are working on a collaborative effort with So Other Might Eat , " says Bob Devers , coordinator of ceramics at the Corcoran College of Art + Design . "  We promised to produce 500 bowls for their charity fundraiser . " The studio is busy at work , with students and faculty -- and even Adams -- cutting , kneading and spinning the clay into works of art . Corcoran student Jeff Herrity has been working with clay for 10 years , but he 's still excited to sit down and create bowls that someone will put to use . "  It 's great to spend an entire day making bowls and thinking about what they will be used for , Herrity said . "  We get to sit next to our fellow students and learn their techniques . It 's a fun activity for us at the clay program . " Herrity sits on his stool contently , gazing at the clay shape as it opens up into a bowl , thinking about what will go inside . "  It 's going to have a life after it comes off this wheel , after it gets fired and glazed , it will be used for something . " As Adams takes a break from designing his first bowl , he looks around and talks with students and faculty . He ca n't help but be impressed . "  We have great artists and great people here who are interested in helping people in the city , " he says . Taking time to donate their creative energies , especially during the holiday season , means a lot to Adams . "  The holidays remind us of giving thanks for what we have , but also the opportunities we have for reaching out to others that do n't have , " he says .	Washington organization sells bowls to raise funds to help the hungry , homeless Bowls are donated to So Others Might Eat by local potters , studios and schools For the first time , group is partnering with the Corcoran College of Art + Design Students and faculty are making 500 bowls for the Empty Bowls fundraiser
New York  CNN  -- State police in Florida planned Monday to further investigate a single-vehicle crash involving pro golfer Tiger Woods , they said . That followed a police announcement Sunday that Woods had canceled a third interview with investigators . Woods suffered minor injuries in the accident , which occurred early Friday in his luxury neighborhood near Orlando . In a statement issued Sunday afternoon on his Web site , Woods offered no details of his wreck , except to say he had cuts and bruises and was "  pretty sore . " "  This situation is my fault , and it 's obviously embarrassing to my family and me , " he said . "  I 'm human , and I 'm not perfect . I will certainly make sure this does n't happen again . " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin spoke about why Tiger Woods might be delaying talking to police . CNN : Why do you think Tiger Woods has canceled three interviews with police ? Jeffrey Toobin : Tiger Woods is under no legal obligation to speak with police . The Fifth Amendment gives everyone an absolute right to refuse to talk to them . He may be counting on the fact that if no new news emerges , everybody will move on . CNN : Can the police do anything about it if Woods continues to refuse to talk to them ? Toobin : The police do n't have a lot of options . If someone does n't want to talk to you , you as a police officer ca n't do anything about it . In theory , they could get a search warrant , but you need probable cause that a crime took place , and at this point , I do n't see anything that would justify it . CNN : The Florida Highway Patrol says the delay is surprising because the accident is so minor . What does Tiger Woods gain by not talking to them ? Toobin : Woods may not talk to them because there is possibly something unpleasant and embarrassing that he does n't want to share with them , and he has that right . Based on what is publicly known , Woods has a public relations problem much more than a legal problem . He 's arguably the most famous athlete in the world , and his team 's overall strategy is a gamble that his general statement of responsibility wo n't be overtaken by events or other disclosures . CNN : Tiger Woods said today that he wo n't be attending his golf tournament in California this week because of injuries sustained in the car crash , and has cancelled his scheduled press conference as host of the event . Does this fit in with the strategy you think his team has adopted ? Toobin : I think the decision not to attend the tournament shows how serious this event is , in Tiger 's life as well as his work . Again , this is more a personal and business problem than a legal problem , but he needs to figure out a way to show the public what happened , or explain why he wo n't be talking about what happened . Obviously he does n't have that answer yet . CNN : A story in last week 's National Enquirer alleged that Woods has been seeing a New York night club hostess . The woman has denied any affair with Woods to The Associated Press . She 's also apparently retained attorney Gloria Allred . Why do you think she 's retained an attorney ? Toobin : The woman may go public to repeat ... what she 's said to the AP and publicly deny the affair , or perhaps to say that she was libeled by the Enquirer . Gloria Allred 's clients tend not to disappear from the news media .	Tiger Woods is under no legal obligation to speak with police , CNN senior legal analyst says Police could get a search warrant , he says , but he does n't see anything that would justify it Toobin says Woods may not be talking because doing so may cause him embarrassment Night club hostess who has hired attorney may publicly deny affair or allege libel , he says
CNN  -- Norwegian violinist , Alexander Rybak , 23 , won the Eurovision Song Contest with an upbeat ballad that got the most votes in the history of one of the world 's most watched television shows . Alexander Rybak of Norway performs during the final of the Eurovision Song Contest Saturday in Moscow , Russia . On Saturday night Rybak beat out contestants from 42 countries , with singers from Iceland and Azerbaijan taking distant second and third places . The boyish Rybak -- who performed a self-composed tune , "  Fairytale , " with some deft dance steps and a smile plastered on his face -- won with 387 points , the most in the contest 's 53-year history , organizers said . It was the third time Norway has won the competition . Although the classically-trained Rybak grew up outside the Norwegian capital , Oslo , he was born in Belarus . A television audience estimated at more than 100 million people watch the show . In years past , winners have parlayed their victory in varying degrees of success -- most notably the Swedish quartet ABBA , which won with "  Waterloo " in 1974 and became one of the most successful pop groups of the 1970s . In the Eurovision Song Contest , which began in 1956 , each participating European nation submits one singer or group who then perform a specially-written song . Telephone votes as well as judges from each country decided the winner this year . This year the contest was televised from a packed stadium in Moscow , Russia . Earlier police arrested dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists who were planning a rally to coincide with the contest . The protesters wanted to draw attention to what they call widespread discrimination of gays in Russia . Watch what 's different about this year 's gay rights protests "	Rybak wins with 387 points , the most in the contest 's 53-year history , organizers say More than 100 million people are estimated to watch the show Swedish quartet ABBA won with "  Waterloo " in 1974 Police arrest dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists planning rally during contest
London , England -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II withdrew the invitation of a far-right politician to her garden party Thursday after he "  blatantly politicized " it , Buckingham Palace said . Nick Griffin , the controversial leader of the British National Party , was among thousands of guests due to attend one of the queen 's three annual summer garden parties at Buckingham Palace . He was invited because he is an elected member of the European Parliament -- and disinvited because his politicizing the invitation "  increased the security threat and the potential discomfort " to other guests , Buckingham Palace said . The palace said Griffin "  overtly used his personal invitation for party political purposes through the media . " The BNP leader called the withdrawal of the invitation an "  attack on democracy , the media , freedom of speech and one million British patriots . " He said the reason given for the reversal was "  invented nonsense " and that citing "  natural media interest " in him to cancel the invitation was "  a disgusting disregard for democracy in Britain . " And he warned that "  blatant attempts at gagging the BNP always backfires  sic  . " Griffin posted the statement on the BNP website and e-mailed it to supporters as a fundraising solicitation . He had said a day earlier that he would be attending the party "  for the 1 million British patriots who now vote for this party despite all the hate from the media liars , the old parties and their thuggish far-left allies . " He asked readers of the BNP website for their suggestions about what he should say to the Queen "  if -- presumably due to some ghastly blunder by a courtier -- I actually meet her ? " Griffin was elected to the European Parliament last year along with another BNP member . It was the first time members of the far-right party had won European elections . He campaigned for a seat in Britain 's parliament earlier this year -- hoping to become the first British National Party member of Parliament -- but he came in third in his constituency . The possibility that Griffin would attend a royal garden party last year caused outrage . Another BNP member who had been invited said he would bring Griffin as a guest , but Griffin said he would not attend following the outcry . Griffin was convicted of inciting racial hatred in 1998 , a London court official said . He was ordered to serve nine months in prison , a sentence that was suspended for two years , the court official added . He was elected leader of the BNP the following year and re-elected in 2007 , according to the party . Queen Elizabeth hosts at least three garden parties every summer at Buckingham Palace as a way to reward and recognize public service . About 8,000 people attend each one , the palace says . People are invited on the recommendation of local and national organizations , which are given a quota of tickets , the palace explained . CNN 's Lianne Turner and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Nick Griffin calls the ban an attack on democracy and uses it for fundraising The British National Party leader "  blatantly politicized " his invitation , Buckingham Palace says He asked readers of his website what he should say to the queen if , by some "  blunder , " he met her He was convicted of inciting racial hatred but his sentence was suspended
CNN  -- Actor Jonah Hill told radio host Howard Stern on Tuesday that he lost his cool with a paparazzo and is heartbroken that he used a "  disgusting " homophobic slur . Celebrity gossip site TMZ early Tuesday morning released a video of the incident in which Hill tells a man following him to "  Suck my d -- , you f ----- . " The actor , who was nominated for Academy Awards for his roles in the 2011 film "  Moneyball " and last year 's "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " told Stern he never meant to insult gay people . "  I played into exactly what he wanted and lost my cool and in that moment I said a disgusting word that does not at all reflect how I feel about any group of people , " he told Stern . TMZ posted a one-minute clip shot by a photographer who at one point mocks Hill 's shorts . Hill said the photographer had been following him all day and saying "  hurtful things about my family . " "  It would break my heart to think that anyone would think , especially with all the work that I have done and all the loved ones that I have , that I would be against anyone for their sexuality , " Hill said . Hill added that he has long been a gay rights advocate . Before the Winter Olympics in Russia , Hill took a public stance against Moscow 's anti-gay laws . He tweeted : "  Help us show Russia & the world that #LoveConquersHate " while wearing a T-shirt bearing the hashtag message in Russian . His new film with Channing Tatum , "  22 Jump Street , " is scheduled to open on June 13 . CNN sent a request for comment to Hill 's publicist but had not heard back late Tuesday . Opinion : Paparazzi share blame with Jonah Hill	Hill says he was being followed by photographer making remarks about Hill 's family Actor says the disgusting word does n't represent his feelings about gay people A clip of the incident was posted on TMZ Hill is a two-time Oscar nominee
Watch out for bare butts when traveling in Machu Picchu -- incidents of "  naked tourism " at the 15th-century Inca citadel are on the rise , and getting under the skin of Peru officials . According to the Peruvian Times , four American tourists were detained on March 14 for getting naked and posing for photos at the site . In a pair of separate incidents earlier in the week , two Canadians and two Australians were detained for stripping down for pictures at Machu Picchu . The bare-it-all episodes followed a 2013 incident in which a naked couple was videotaped by other tourists while streaking across Machu Picchu 's grass field and bounding down a stone staircase like a pair of adolescent antelopes . The website My Naked Trip features images of an Israeli man named Amichay Rab posing in the buff at sites around South America , including Machu Picchu . Rab 's long , curly hair and bold poses have won him a cluster of followers . The photos and video have made the rounds on social media . Peruvian officials are not amused . Crackdown Peru 's Ministry of Culture has denounced the spectacle of nude visitors at Machu Picchu as "  disrespectful " and "  unfortunate events that threaten cultural heritage . " "  There are places in the world that people can get naked , but not all places are  appropriate  for getting undressed , " Alfredo Mormontoy Atayupanqui , director of archaeological resources for Peru 's Ministry of Culture , tells CNN . According to Mormontoy , park rules printed on the back of admission tickets warn visitors against being nude in public . "  Tourists should comply with local rules and regulations when they are traveling , otherwise there will be thousands of problems , " he says . Meanwhile , Cusco 's regional director of culture , Ricardo Ruiz Caro , has issued a statement saying that park guards at Machu Picchu and other historic sites in the region will increase surveillance and crackdown on naked tourism . New rules announced but yet to be put in place are also meant to address the issue of overcrowding at the site . According to the Peruvian Times , "  All foreign visitors to Machu Picchu will soon have to hire an official guide to enter the Inca Citadel , follow one of three predetermined routes through the complex and face time limits at specific points to keep the traffic flowing , under new rules promulgated by the Ministry of Culture in Cusco . " "  Machu Picchu is visited by tourists of different ages , religions and ideologies , " says Mormontoy . "  Nude behavior may bring pleasure to a small percentage of people , but it causes discomfort and anger to others . We need to make sure other tourists do n't feel awkward . " Where do you stand on "  naked tourism " ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Multiple tourists detained for stripping down at Machu Picchu in recent weeks Peru officials call incidents "  disrespectful " and "  unfortunate " Guards at Machu Picchu and other historic Peru sites to increase surveillance
Investigators say it was a hate crime when a gunman opened fire at two Kansas City-area Jewish centers . But the three people he killed were Christian . That should n't affect whether authorities file hate crime charges against him , legal experts say . That 's because federal hate crime statutes criminalize offenses involving "  actual or perceived " race , color , religion , national origin , gender , sexual orientation , gender identity or disability of any person . "  To qualify as a hate crime , all that matters is that the crime was motivated , in whole or in part , by the offender 's bias , " CNN Legal Analyst Sunny Hostin said . "  The fact that both shootings occurred at places identifiable as Jewish , combined with his white supremacist past , plus any comments he made ... and other evidence would be more than enough to qualify this as a hate crime , " she said . The suspect , Frazier Glenn Cross , 73 , faces charges of first-degree murder . Organizations that track hate groups describe Cross , who is also known as Frazier Glenn Miller , as a long-time white supremacist . At a news conference on Monday , Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass said that investigators had "  unquestionably determined ... that this was a hate crime . " And Barry Grissom , U.S. attorney for the District of Kansas , said federal prosecutors would be filing hate crime charges against him . "  We are in a very good place from an evidence standpoint of moving forward with this case , " Grissom told reporters , "  and it will be presented to the grand jury in the not too distant future . " Richard Cohen , president of the Southern Poverty Law Center , said there 's no doubt that the suspect 's anti-Semitism fueled the shooting . "  Miller , of course , targeted them because he perceived them to be Jewish . That seems pretty obvious from the site of the shootings , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Another indication of his mindset , Cohen said , were the words he shouted from the back of the patrol car after his arrest : "  Heil Hitler . " If Cross is convicted of a federal hate crime , he could face life in prison . What the killings say about U.S. hate groups	Authorities say it was a hate crime when a gunman shot at Jewish centers The three victims of the shooting were Christian The shooting still qualifies as a hate crime , a CNN legal analyst says
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- More than 100 security guards have been protesting outside some of the World Cup stadiums this week in South Africa , calling on soccer 's world governing body FIFA to upgrade their pay . Along with dealing with security , the guards handle tickets -- so a strike delayed the start of Monday 's match between world champions Italy and Paraguay in Cape Town . Local police had to be brought in to the stadium to handle security . Protesters were out again Tuesday outside of Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban . Protesters sang and dance , some holding placards that read : "  We want our money and then we will feel it . " The strikes have been frowned upon by tournament organizers , but FIFA did not immediately respond for a request for comment . "  Although we have respect for workers ' rights , we find it unacceptable for them to disrupt match-day proceedings and will not hesitate to take action in such instances , " Danny Jordaan , the CEO of South Africa 's World Cup organizing committee told South Africa 's news agency News 24 . CNN 's Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	Security guards are protesting their pay outside some World Cup stadiums Guards handle tickets , slowed down start of Italy-Paraguay match Local police brought in stadium in Cape Town to handle security World Cup organizers say it is wrong for workers to disrupt match-day proceedings
Sunset  -- Come home from your next trip relaxed and smarter . Where to learn Spanish , whitewater rafting , astrophysics and more Sedona Spirit Yoga & Hiking offers four-day retreats among the red rocks . Sedona , Arizona Find your path in Arizona In Sedona , the path to enlightenment involves hiking boots and yoga mats . Sedona Spirit Yoga & Hiking offers four-day retreats where you 'll take guided hikes through red rock wilderness to vortex sites , places where the Earth 's energy is supposedly strongest . You 'll also learn meditation , experience a Native American sweat lodge and maybe even nail that eagle pose . Abbreviated three - to six-hour yoga hikes are also offered . Play hooky : In between downward dogs and trail switchbacks , check out uptown Sedona 's restaurants , which include vegan and raw choices , or browse art galleries . Info : September-June ; from $ 995 , including lodging and breakfast ; yoga hikes from $ 90 ; 888/282 -9901 . -- Nora Burba Trulsson Oaxaca , Mexico Mix up moles south of the border Learn to tell your chiles from your chapulines  toasted grasshoppers  at Seasons of My Heart , a cooking school in the Oaxacan countryside of southern Mexico that kicks off with some serious market research . Guided by Mexican food maven Susana Trilling , sample and buy local delicacies , then head back to the chopping blocks and stoves of Trilling 's spacious blue-tiled kitchen to create complex moles and picante bisques . Play hooky : While you 're in Oaxaca , ascend the ruins of the ancient city of Monte Albán for spectacular vistas of Oaxaca Valley . Info : Year-round ; $ 75 for full-day class , including transportation from Oaxaca City . - Edie Jarolim Ensenada , Mexico Speak Spanish in Baja Get beyond your Mexican-restaurant-level Spanish without going back to school by spending a week at the Baja California Language College in Ensenada , Mexico , where there are no exams or grades . Thursday afternoons are set aside for excursions to a winery or a local taqueria to learn the difference between salsa verde and pico de gallo -- en español , of course . Play hooky : Afternoons and evenings , you 're free to surf , explore the area 's burgeoning wine region or practice your language skills at the harbor 's fish market as you search for the perfect tacos de pescado . Info : Year-round ; $ 279 for weeklong classes in which you log 30 hours ; 877/444 -2252 . - David Lansing Near Steamboat Springs , Colorado Blaze some trails in Colorado Connect with your inner cowboy at the Vista Verde Ranch , a cluster of cabins and a main lodge on the flanks of the Continental Divide 45 minutes north of Steamboat Springs . With 80 horses , daily clinics and morning and afternoon rides , greenhorns and seasoned equestrians can develop their skills in the arena and on trails threading through the aspen forests . Plus , resident horse-whisperer Orval Bedell is on hand to teach rodeo tricks such as how to rope a calf . Play hooky : Soak in 105 degree mineral waters at the Strawberry Park Hot Springs  $ 10 ; 7 miles north of Steamboat Springs ; 970/879 -0342  . Info : June-September ; from $ 3,200 per week , including meals , lodging and activities ; 970/879 -3858 . -- Jad Davenport Salmon River , California Master whitewater paddling Get command of whitewater paddling basics at Otter Bar Lodge Kayak School , a wilderness hideaway on Northern California 's Salmon River , about 112 miles northeast of Eureka . You 'll start by practicing stroke technique , wet exits and rolling in the lodge 's flat-water pond before graduating to day trips on the warm class I-II water of the Salmon and Klamath Rivers . Do n't sweat it if you ca n't master a roll on the first day : Otter Bar 's instructors shadow your every paddle stroke , and if you go over , they 're more than happy to right your boat  in kayak-speak , the "  hand of God "  . Play hooky : The wood-fired sauna and on-call massage therapist can work out your paddling kinks . Info : April-September ; $ 2,190 per week , including meals , lodging and gear ; 530/462 -4772 . -- Katie Arnold Kauai , Hawaii Rock out in Hawaii Dig beneath the surface with geologist Chuck Blay of TEOK Investigations on hikes all over Kauai , including a kid-friendly amble along the southeast coast to wild Maha'ulepu Beach . Play hooky : See a reverential torch-lighting ceremony at the Grand Hyatt Kauai Resort  808/742 -1234  . Info : Year-round ; from $ 100  $ 75 ages 5-12  , including lunch ; 888/233 -8365 . -- Harriot Manley Nootka Island , British Columbia Surf off an island What better place to learn to surf than at a lodge set in a coastal rain forest with views of bears , eagles and whales ? On Nootka Island , off British Columbia 's Vancouver Island , Tatchu Surf Adventures offers instructors , beginner-friendly waves and water temps that hit the 60s . Crowds ? No way . The island has only six residents . Play hooky : Sip scotch in the sauna . Info : May-October ; $ 2,218 U.S. per week , including meals , lodging and gear ; 250/934 -6600 . -- Steve Hawk Denali National Park , Alaska Unravel celestial mysteries To understand what makes the Northern Lights so spectacular , take a crash course in astrophysics at Camp Denali , an 18-cabin retreat inside Alaska 's Denali National Park and Preserve . During three - and four-night programs , Neal Brown , space expert and director of the Alaska Space Grant Program , will explain the magnetic forces that create the aurora borealis and other atmospheric phenomena . By day , you can grill Brown with questions you might have ; at night , he 'll call your cabin if he spots the elusive lights above . Play hooky : Spend your mornings moose - and caribou-watching with 20,320-foot Mt. McKinley as a backdrop , visible on clear days from just about everywhere on Camp Denali 's 67-acre plot . Info : Book now for September 2009 ; from $ 1,425 , including meals and lodging ; 907/683 -2290 . -- Matt Villano Yosemite National Park , California Take in terroir at the Ahwahnee Roll out of bed at the Ahwahnee , drink in the Half Dome view , then sip some California wines at Vintners ' Holidays . Winemakers host daily seminars , and a closing gala is held in the hotel 's dining room . Play hooky : Hike to Mirror Lake and walk in snow-dusted valley meadows . Info : Annually in November and December ; from $ 1,008 , including two-night stay ; 801/559 -4884 . -- Sara Schneider Bishop , California Snap to it in the Sierra Paint alpine meadows with pixels in the eastern Sierra Nevada during Mountain Light 's three-day photographic workshop in Bishop , California . Both amateurs and pros learn to turn landscapes into works of art using a variety of techniques , including lens selection and filters . Days begin well before dawn during field trips to secret meadows and iconic locations such as Mono Lake , followed by lectures and critiques back at the gallery . Play hooky : Time is tight , but for a pick-me-up you can always sneak next door and order an espresso forte and pecan-topped coffee cake at Black Sheep Espresso Bar . Info : Classic Workshop : September 25-28 , October 2-5 and 9-12 ; from $ 1,395 , including meals and lodging ; 760/873 -7700 . -- J.D. Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Seasons of My Heart offers Mexican cooking lessons in Oaxaca Take a crash course in astrophysics at Camp Denali in Alaska Get command of whitewater paddling basics at Otter Bar Lodge Kayak School
CNN Student News  -- February 9 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Korean Peninsula • Australia • Detroit , Michigan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : How can you trust what you read online ? We 've got some of your answers coming up in this Wednesday edition of CNN Student News . Bringing you today 's headlines , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Korea Military Talks AZUZ : Our first stop today : the Korean Peninsula , for talks between the North and South . Representatives from the two countries are back at it today after a full day of talks yesterday . This is the first time in eight months that North and South Korea have had direct contact with each other . The silence started after the South blamed the North for two military attacks last year . These talks are happening at a truce village . The representatives did n't come to any conclusions yesterday , but they said there were n't any political arguments from either side . The goal of these meetings is to set up another round of talks between officials who are higher up in their countries ' governments . South Korea says it 'll only agree to those if North Korea promises not to provoke the South any more . Australia Brushfires AZUZ : Next up , Australia , where officials are promising one million dollars to a fund for wildfire victims . We 've talked recently about floods and a cyclone in eastern Australia . These fires were in western Australia , on the other side of the country . The flames burned more than a thousand acres of land and damaged or destroyed more than 60 buildings . Anyone who lost their home will immediately get $ 3,000 from the government . Tegan Sapwell of Australia 's Ten Network was on hand as residents returned home to see the damage . She checks in now with some of the victims ' reactions and an explanation of how these fires started . Tegan ? BEGIN VIDEO TEGAN SAPWELL , TEN NETWORK REPORTER : It 's absolutely heartbreaking to see what people are going through here . There 's just so many stories , and each one of them really touches your heart . A short time ago , a man returned to the home here behind me where he saw what was left of his house for the first time . It was obviously incredibly emotional . But what really struck me was as he was leaving , he walked away and shrugged his shoulders and said , "  Oh well , you know , I 'll just rebuild . " I think that really shows the real Aussie spirit there . Another example : I spoke to a couple earlier today that had tears pouring down their faces as they spoke about what they lost . But all they wanted to do was to thank the firefighters for their efforts for putting their lives on the line as they tried to save their home . So , I think that 's just amazing . What 's actually believed to have happened is it was sparked by a power tool . On Sunday , conditions here were just hot and windy . And as a result , we had what 's called a total fire ban , which means people are n't allowed to use power tools . What 's actually believed to have happened is a resident was using a power tool . He 's actually a police officer . And that is what started the fire . As a result , he now faces possible criminal charges over this . It 's a very serious matter , and the arson squad is now investigating . END VIDEO What 's the Word ? JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? it 's the name for the process by which a bank takes back a home because the owner ca n't make payments FORECLOSURE That 's the word ! Detroit Foreclosures AZUZ : So in a foreclosure , the homeowner loses the house . And when you get a lot of foreclosures in one area , it can bring down the value of all the houses nearby . The mayor of Detroit has an idea to fill up some of the foreclosed homes in his city : sell them to police officers and firefighters ! The mayor 's proposal is to offer police and firefighters the chance to buy foreclosed homes for as little as $ 1,000 dollars . Plus , they could get money to do some renovations . This would be paid for by private investors and with government money that 's supposed to help redevelop the city . The mayor says the idea could help more than just the housing market . MAYOR DAVE BING , DETROIT , MICHIGAN : Police officers living in their neighborhoods have the potential to deter crime , increase public safety , and improve relations between the community and our sworn officers . Testing Toyotas AZUZ : The U.S. Department of Transportation has spent 10 months investigating why some Toyota vehicles sped up for no apparent reason . In 2008 and 2009 , we reported on when the car company recalled millions of cars because of this problem . Some critics thought it might have been caused by the vehicles ' electronic throttle systems . But according to the testing , that 's not the case . The government says , so far , the only known causes of the problem are sticky pedals and floor mats that got in the way of the pedals . Officials say it 's also possible that drivers may have gotten confused and pushed the gas instead of the brake . Toyota is facing hundreds of lawsuits related to this issue . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Dich 's world geography class at Horning Middle School in Waukesha , Wisconsin ! The words algebra , hazard and mummy all come from what language ? You know what to do here ! Is it : A  Greek , B  Arabic , C  Hindi or D  English ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! All of these words can be traced back to the Arabic language . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Mandatory Arabic ? AZUZ : At my high school , we could choose to take French , Spanish or German . We had to take a language , but we got to pick which one . At some schools in Texas , a plan was being considered to require students to take Arabic . The school district got a grant from the U.S. Department of Education that would make Arabic classes mandatory at some schools . The plan is now being reconsidered , but as Sharrie Williams of affiliate KTVT reports , the original idea still angered some parents . BEGIN VIDEO SHARRIE WILLIAMS , REPORTER , KTVT : All over the room , there were questions . JOSEPH BALSON , PARENT : Why are we just now finding out about it ? WILLIAMS : Dozens of concerned parents showed up at Cross Timbers Intermediate School to speak with Mansfield ISD Superintendent Dr. Bob Morrison . The district was awarded a federal grant last summer to teach the Arabic language . BARON KANE , PARENT : The school does not teach Christianity , so I do n't want them teaching the Islam . WILLIAMS : The district stressed the curriculum would not be about religion , but about the language and culture , similar to the Spanish curriculum already in place . But upset parents say they should have been informed months ago about the grant . BALSON : It 's them applying for the grant and getting it approved , and now saying they 're going to be able to go back and change it , only after they were caught trying to implement this plan without any of the parents knowing about it . WILLIAMS : The grant , known as the Foreign Language Assistance Program , has identified Arabic as a language of the future . Some parents say teaching it in the Mansfield ISD is a good idea . TRISHA SAVAGE , PARENT : I think it 's a great opportunity . I think it , you know , not only opens doors and we ... I think globally , act locally . WILLIAMS : Kheirieh Hannun was born in Palestine but raised in the U.S. . She says the option to learn Arabic will give her son a chance to know more about his culture and hopefully broaden the minds of not only students , but also parents . KHEIRIEH HANNUN , PARENT : It was surprising , but I think it 's OK . And I think it would be fine , because that way you 'll cut down on the stereotype . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : Take your opinion on this to the web . Our blog is at CNNStudentNews.com . Our Facebook site is Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Here we go now with your responses to the "  tree octopus " experiment : How do you know that what you see online is the truth ? Kelly suggests "  you should check and see who the author or publisher of the article is . You should also check other web sites to see if they have similar results . " Brooks agrees "  you definitely have to check your sources , " something we hear in journalism an awful lot . "  If you get the wrong info , you can be in trouble . Validate your source ; you 'll be happy that you did . " And the first thing Kuba 's teacher says to do is to check at least five web sites to see if the info is used more than once . If so , it 's more than 80 percent true . Interesting idea there . "  I think it is in teachers ' best interest that they work on finding reliable sources for the students . Not to do the work for them , but to make sure they know how to find a source . " This from Matthew . Caitlyn at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews says to check the publisher or to ask the teacher if the web site has accurate info . "  If you write a paper for a class , you would n't want inaccurate information . " And Terrance says simply : "  People need to stop believing everything they read on the internet . " Before We Go AZUZ : Well , before we go , coaches usually give their time to players . But this one gave a lot more than that . Coach Tom Walter gave Kevin Jordan a kidney ! He recruited Kevin to play on the Wake Forest baseball team . When Kevin got sick and needed a kidney transplant , turned out his coach was a match ! The transplant surgery was done earlier this week , and doctors say Kevin could be back on the field by the 2012 season . Goodbye AZUZ : An awesome story and our best wishes to Kevin and his coach . Since we 're not making any puns today , we 'll leave you with this thought from Josh on our Facebook page . "  If you 're writing with a broken pencil , it 's pointless . " Send us your sign-off lines at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . They do n't need to be puns ! We 'd be happy to read them on the air . Have a great day , everyone .	Learn about the goal of talks between North and South Korea Consider a plan in Detroit to sell foreclosed homes to police Explore one school district 's plan to incorporate Arabic classes Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Manchester City have sent representatives to Brazil in the hope of persuading Ronaldinho to sign for them . A move to City could make Ronaldinho the Premier League 's highest paid player . City chairman Garry Cook told BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday that Ronaldinho 's Spanish club Barcelona had given City permission to speak to the player about a move to Eastlands . "  We have people in Brazil , " said Cook . "  We are nowhere near completing a deal It 's a tenuous stage and I do n't want to give too much away , but Barcelona gave us clearance to talk to him . "  Ronaldinho wants to show that he is one of the greatest footballers in the world . The Manchester City fans would love to see him kick off the new season with us and I am holding out hope on that happening . " City owner Shinawatra Thaksin is thought to be ready to provide # 50 million  $ 98.47 million  for new manager Mark Hughes to sign players , with around $ 29.5 million set aside to bring in Ronaldinho , who could well become the English Premier League 's highest paid player . Shinawatra , who sent previous manager Sven-Goran Eriksson packing at the end of last season , despite a marked upturn in the team 's fortunes , said last week : "  Ronaldinho - you know , he is a great player . Whatever the club in your heart , you would want to see this player in England , would n't you ? "  It is not a risk . Sponsors will contribute . It will not damage our wage structure . " New manager Hughes knows that he will be expected to produce instant results . Shinawatra said : "  I am 59 next birthday , so I am not a man who can wait for many years to see my dreams come true . " Ronaldinho had a poor season in Spain but City 's owner said : "  Ronaldinho is 28 . He has much still to offer , he is a star . You need a combination of new players , existing players , quality , young and old . "  I admit also you need a player who is more than just winning the match . You need a star who can play on the pitch , but who can achieve much more for the club . Ronaldinho is that player . "  I am hearing good things about his hunger . I have spoken to his brother  and agent  . Ronaldinho wants the new challenge , the chance to play his best football again , to return to the days when he was really , really famous . The magic is still in his boots . Let us hope we can bring him . " City also expect to snap up another top Brazilian , striker Jo from CSKA Moscow , within the next seven days .	Manchester City step up efforts to sign Brazilian Ronaldinho Club representatives visit South America to talk to him City also expect to signe Brazilian striker Jo from CSKA Moscow
CNN  -- The new Steven Spielberg blockbuster "  Lincoln " focuses on the final months of the U.S. president 's life as he tries to find a way to end the Civil War and unite the country . Now , the document Lincoln signed that officially started the war is up for sale , valued at nearly a million dollars . The one-page document , signed April 19 , 1861 , authorized the blockade of Southern ports , which , under international law , was an act of war . "  The action was bold and with great risk , " said Nathan Raab , vice president of The Raab Collection , which is offering the document for sale at $ 900,000 . "  Lincoln was aware that the blockading of ports was an act of war . Some in his cabinet argued that a blockade would constitute recognition of the sovereignty of the Confederacy , something the North wanted to avoid . Lincoln was less interested in the legal definitions of ` war ' than in victory , and he approved it despite the objections . " Go where Lincoln went The Supreme Court later ruled the document as the official start of the Civil War , Raab said . It was April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces opened fire on Fort Sumter in Charleston harbor , South Carolina , initiating the hostilities between North and South . Three days later , Lincoln issued a proclamation that an insurrection existed , and he called out 75,000 men to put it down . Four days after that , on April 19 , he ordered the Southern port blockade . "  I hereby authorize and direct the Secretary of State to affix the Seal of the United States to a Proclamation setting on foot a Blockade of the ports of the States of South Carolina , Georgia , Alabama , Florida , Mississippi , Louisiana , and Texas , " the document states . Lincoln 's signature is at the bottom , "  firm and bold , exactly as you 'd like to see , " Raab said . Lincoln 's lessons for Obama The privately owned document has been on exhibit for several years at public institutions across the country , including the National Constitution Center and the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Museum and Library . "  It 's been passed down to posterity quite well , " Raab said . "  It 's survived the 150 years in good shape . " The Spielberg movie and the 150th anniversary of the Civil War have generated a lot of interest in the document and in Lincoln items in general , Raab said . Spielberg film brilliant , reviewer says The document went on sale Tuesday night and will go to the first person who meets the asking price . Potential buyers can make contact with the seller through the Raab Collection 's website , by phone , or in person .	The document authorized the blockade of Southern ports The Supreme Court ruled the document to be the official start of the Civil War The privately owned document has been on public display for several years It will be sold to the first bidder who offers the asking price of $ 900,000
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people have fled fighting between Thailand and Cambodia over the past week , 30 people have been injured , and five Thai soldiers have been killed , the Thai Ministry of Public Health said Tuesday . About 27,000 people are living in 33 temporary shelters in Thailand , the ministry said . Clashes between the two sides began last Friday , with each country accusing the other of trying to seize two ancient temples . Thai Foreign Minsiter Kasit Piromya visited the province and said in a statement Tuesday that Cambodia is still attacking Thais . There was a brief exchange of fire between Cambodian and Thai troops Tuesday afternoon , but it was calmed quickly , Thai Col. Sansern Kaewkumnerd said . There were no new casualties from the incident , which he said resulted from a misunderstanding stemming from a routine Air Force exercise . Both sides claim the disputed temples are in their country . Thailand calls them Ta Kwai and Ta Muen , while Cambodia calls them Ta Krabey and Ta Moan . Much of the border between the two countries remains in dispute . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that the United States "  remains deeply concerned about clashes between security forces along the Thailand-Cambodia border . " The U.S. government is speaking directly to Thai and Cambodian officials , and also supports efforts by Indonesia , the chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , to work with both countries on a resolution , Clinton 's statement said . The fighting on the ground has been coupled with a war of words in recent days . Cambodia said Monday that Thai warplanes had entered its airspace and that the Thai military had shelled populated Cambodian territory . Cambodia 's government has said three of its troops have been killed in the fighting . On Sunday , Sansern accused Cambodian troops of opening fire first and said Thai troops responded to protect their country 's sovereignty . In February , at least 10 people were killed when fighting flared up in another disputed border area between the two nations , prompting the United Nations Security Council to issue a statement calling on both sides to implement a cease-fire . Those clashes , which lasted four days , stemmed from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . At the time , each nation accused the other of firing first . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Fresh clash breaks out Tuesday but is calmed quickly , a Thai official says Thai Health Ministry says 27,000 Thais are living in temporary shelters Each side blames the other for the violence , which erupted near two disputed temples U.S. Secretary of State Clinton says the United States is "  deeply concerned "
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova boosted her hopes of winning a first French Open title next month by beating last year 's runner-up Samantha Stosur in the final of the Rome Masters on Sunday . The Russian , who counts clay as her least favorite surface , triumphed 6-2 6-4 in just 83 minutes in a match delayed by rain . It was the former world No. 1 's first title since winning a minor event in Strasbourg a year ago , and her first in a top-level clay tournament . She had lost her previous four WTA Tour finals . Sharapova , seeded seventh , followed up her semifinal win over current top-ranked woman Caroline Wozniacki as she beat the Australian for the eighth consecutive time in their first encounter on the red dirt . "  I 'm so happy to be the champion . It means so much to me to add this title to the ones I already have , " she told the crowd after collecting her 23rd career crown . "  Rome is such a special place and I 've dreamed of holding up this trophy . There are a lot of tournaments coming up , and this is a great start to everything . I ca n't wait to be back next year . " The 24-year-old has won three of the four grand slams , but this year could be her best chance to succeed at Roland Garros with the Williams sisters Serena and Venus not playing , Justine Henin retired and Kim Clijsters recovering from injury . Stosur will again be one of the contenders , having reached her first final since losing to Francesca Schiavone in Paris nearly 12 months ago . Seeded sixth in Rome , she beat the Italian before eliminating China 's Australian Open runner-up Li Na in the semifinals on Saturday . However , Stosur made a poor start against Sharapova as she won only one of the first 15 points and quickly found herself 4-0 down . She had a double break-point at 5-4 down in the second set on Sharapova 's serve but hit the net , then returned long before her opponent won it with a forehand .	Maria Sharapova beats Samantha Stosur 6-2 6-4 in final of the Rome Masters Former world No. 1 triumphs in top-level clay event for the first time in her career Russian has yet to complete her collection of grand slams with French Open success Sharapova has now beaten last year 's Paris runner-up in eight consecutive matches
Tokyo  CNN  -- A safety panel convenes in Japan Tuesday to examine whether two vaccines widely used around the world contributed to the deaths of five children in the past month . Japan 's health ministry ordered doctors to stop immunizing infants with the vaccines while authorities investigate Pfizer 's Prevenar vaccine and Sanofi Pasteur 's ActHIB vaccine -- commonly given to infants in the United States and other developed nations . The health ministry said it suspended the vaccines because the children all died within a short period of time ; four died last week and one died in February . Three of the infants had underlying medical conditions , the health ministry said . Authorities are investigating the medical history of one of the children , and the fifth child had no apparent illness at the time of vaccination , according to the ministry . Both companies maintain that their vaccines -- which are aimed at stopping bacteria that can cause meningitis , pneumonia and other serious infections -- are safe . "  Pfizer thoroughly reviews and continually monitors all of its medicines and vaccines , as safety is our top priority , " Pfizer said in a statement . "  No causal relationship has been established between the events reported in Japan and vaccination to date . We are conducting a thorough evaluation of these cases in cooperation with the relevant regulatory health authorities . " Sanofi Pasteur said that the company expresses condolences to the families who had lost children , but also said that no causal relationship between the deaths and the ActHIB vaccine had been established . "  We have been and will be providing all data of ActHIB and will fully collaborate with the ministry of health and welfare , " the company said . Prevenar prevents illnesses caused by pneumococcal bacteria and ActHIB prevents infection with the Haemophilius influenza . Pediatrician Michiko Suwa said Japan 's medical community hopes the suspension is temporary and fears the government is overreacting to the deaths . "  I 'm concerned that this will impact the future of these critical vaccines , " she said , noting that she has been receiving concerned calls from parents since the government announced the suspension . The World Health Organization has backed the inclusion of Prevenar in national childhood immunization programs , especially in developing nations where infant mortality remains high . Pfizer estimates it has distributed more than 360 million doses of the vaccine , which is available in more than 100 countries around the world and part of the routine childhood immunization schedule in more than 50 countries . In Japan , 2 million doses have been administered . The U.S. Food and Drug administration said it was aware of the suspensions in Japan , but "  physicians assessing vaccine safety at the FDA and CDC have not detected new safety concerns " related to the vaccines .	Pfizer 's Prevenar and Sanofi Pasteur 's ActHIB are suspended in Japan Authorities are investigating whether the vaccines played a role in five recent deaths Both companies maintain that their vaccines are safe A pediatrician says doctors are concerned that authorities are overreacting
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo expects the Italian team to improve on their record of just one grand prix win in 2011 when the Formula One season resumes later this month . Montezemolo watched his charges struggle in the opening rounds of this year 's championship , with Fernando Alonso 's victory at the British Grand Prix in July giving Ferrari their only maximum-points haul of the campaign so far . But the Maranello-based outfit have experienced an upturn in form of late , with two-time world champion Alonso finishing on the podium at each of the last four races -- including a third-place finish at Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix . Despite recent results Spaniard Alonso , 30 , still trails current standings leader and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull by 89 points and sits fourth in the drivers ' championship . Button : "  Red Bull should be worried " "  I can see the right spirit in the team after a very difficult start to the season , " Montezemolo , 63 , told the team 's official web site . " -LSB- Team principal Stefano -RSB- Domenicali and his crew seem very determined , concentrating fully on their tasks for the second part of the year which I am sure will feature Ferrari in the role of a key player . "  I expect we will pick up wins to add to the important and historically very significant victory achieved at Silverstone , " he added . Latest F1 standings after the Hungarian Grand Prix Formula One is at the start of a three-week mid-season break , with teams required to cease work on their cars for part of that time . The 2011 season will resume with the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa on August 28 .	Luca di Montezemolo expects Ferrari to win races in the second half of the 2011 season The Italian team have won just one race so far , Fernando Alonso 's victory at Silverstone The Formula One season resumes with the Belgian Grand Prix on August 28
CARACAS , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called Friday for Europe to remove from its list of terrorist organizations two Colombian groups -- including FARC , the group that freed two hostages Thursday in a mission Chavez organized . During his televised State of the Union speech , Chavez -- an outspoken enemy of the Bush administration -- insisted Europe includes the two groups on its terror list only because of "  pressure " from the United States , which also names them on its list of foreign terrorist organizations . "  I request from the governments of the continent that they will remove the FARC and the ELN , " Chavez said . FARC , the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , has been blamed for numerous attacks and holds about 750 hostages , according to Colombian government estimates . ELN , the National Liberation Army , the second-largest rebel group in Colombia , also is blamed for killings , kidnappings , and other attacks . This week the Colombian government announced the capture of Carlos Marin Guarin , known by the alias "  Pablito , " alleged to have commanded roughly half the ELN force . Both FARC and ELN are on the European Union 's list of groups and individuals believed linked to terrorism . "  I will ask Europe to remove the ELN and the FARC from the list of terrorist groups in the world , because that only has one source : the pressure of the United States , " Chavez said . He argued , "  I say this even though somebody might be bothered by it : the FARC and the ELN are not terrorist groups . They are armies , real armies ... that occupy a space in Colombia . " He added that the two groups ' "  insurgent forces " have a goal , "  a project , " that is "  Bolivarian " and that "  we respect . " Chavez said his nation is committed to bringing about peace in Colombia , a task that means "  we must continue to work at the various levels " with FARC and ELN . "  No one should be bothered by it . It is absolutely essential to do so . Who can think of the possibility of a peace accord when there is no contact with the parties involved , " he asked . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Chavez urges EU to remove FARC and ELN from list of terror groups FARC has been blamed for numerous attacks and may hold about 750 hostages Venezuela 's president arranged release of mother , another hostage Thursday
CNN  -- He may be in need of match practice on hard courts , but Rafael Nadal had the good fortune of reaching the last 16 of the Masters Series 1000 tournament in Indian Wells without hitting a ball in anger Monday . His third-round opponent Leonardo Mayer of Argentina withdrew before the start of their match on the Stadium Court , citing a back problem . Nadal , who has slipped to No. 5 in the world rankings after a seven-month injury layoff , made his comeback last month in three clay court tournaments in South America , testing his troublesome knee . He beat Mayer , his second career win over him , in the quarterfinals in Acapulco before going on to claim the title in confident style . But the eyes of the tennis world were on Nadal as he returned to the more unforgiving hard court surface for the first time in 346 days with a second round match against Ryan Harrison of the United States Saturday . The Spanish maestro came through that test 7-6 6-2 to advance to the third round of the tournament for the ninth time , bidding for his third title as the Californian event . He will now get an extra day 's rest before facing Ernests Gulbis of Latvia for a place in the quarterfinals Wednesday . Gulbis , renowned for his fiery temperament , smashed his racket during the first set of his match against Andreas Seppi as he lost five straight games to concede it 7-5 . But he recovered with fine play in the second set before setting up victory as he broke his Italian opponent in the seventh game of the decider . Gulbis served it out to win 5-7 6-3 6-4 to earn a crack at the 11-time grand slam champion . If Nadal , looking to defend his French Open crown on his favorite clay surface later this year , can get past Gulbis , he is likely to face his first big test with a possible last eight clash against his great rival Roger Federer , the second seed . Defending champion Federer , who said before the start of the tournament that he was "  excited " by the return of Nadal to top flight action , thrashed Croatia 's Ivan Dodig 6-3 6-1 to set up a fourth-round clash with his friend and fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka . Wawrinka , the 18th seed , won 6-4 7-5 against Australian veteran Lleyton Hewitt , who on Saturday beat last year 's losing finalist John Isner . Tenth seed Richard Gasquet set up a last-16 clash with world No. 6 Tomas Berdych , while fellow Frenchman Gilles Simon will take on big-serving South African Kevin Anderson . In the women 's draw , top seed Victoria Azarenka came from a set down to beat Belgian No. 28 Kirsten Flipkens 3-6 6-3 6-0 . The world No. 2 won 12 points in a row to extend her winning streak to 16 matches and set up a fourth-round clash with Poland 's Urszula Radwanska . "  I 'm really happy that I find the ability to turn around my matches no matter what the circumstances are on the court , " said the Belorussian , who was criticized after taking a lengthy medical timeout before winning her Australian Open semifinal against Sloane Stephens in late January . "  To know when to take your opportunities is a learning experience . I 'm glad I 'm starting to master that . " Australian seventh seed Sam Stosur also went to three sets before beating China 's Peng Shuai 6-3 3-6 6-2 , earning a meeting with Germany 's Mona Barthel -- who beat former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-1 3-6 6-0 . Caroline Wozniacki , another former No. 1 , went through to the last 16 with a 6-2 6-1 win over Elena Vesnina and will next face another Russian in 10th seed Nadia Petrova . German fourth seed Angelique Kerber also progressed , beating Belgium 's No. 30 Yanina Wickmayer 6-1 7-6  7-4  to set up a clash with 95th-ranked Spaniard Garbine Muguruza .	Rafael Nadal into fourth round of Masters 1000 Series at Indian Wells after a walkover Nadal will play Ernests Gulbis of Latvia for a quarterfinal berth in hard-court event Roger Federer also through to last 16 , where he will play Stanislas Wawrinka Top women 's seed Victoria Azarenka battles through after losing first set
Same-sex marriage in France came one step closer to legality Tuesday , as lawmakers in the lower house of parliament approved a controversial bill that would extend the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples . The measure was voted through in the National Assembly by 329 in favor to 229 against , with 10 deputies abstaining . The bill must still go before the senate before it becomes law . If passed , it would mark the biggest step forward for French gay rights advocates in more than a decade . France is not the only nation currently wrestling with the polarizing issue of same-sex marriage . UK lawmakers took a big step last week toward legalizing same-sex marriage when they approved the second reading of a bill in the House of Commons . But while a significant number of MPs back the legislation , which is supported by Prime Minister David Cameron , the move has prompted widespread rebellion within Cameron 's Conservative Party . The bill must go through several more stages before it can become law . The Church of England is among the religious bodies opposed to the UK legislation . In the United States , where President Barack Obama has voiced his personal support for same-sex marriage , it has been legalized in nine states and the District of Columbia -- but many people remain vehemently opposed . Extending the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples in France was one of President Francois Hollande 's electoral pledges in campaigning last year . Opinion : Why the fuss about gay marriage ? The National Assembly , which is dominated by Hollande 's Socialist Party , was expected to pass the bill Tuesday , having approved the most important article of the law with a wide majority earlier this month . The left also controls the Senate . But the plan faces stiff opposition from the Roman Catholic Church and social conservatives , with huge numbers turning out for protest marches in Paris in recent weeks . Another big rally against the law is planned for next month . Cardinal Andre Vingt-Trois , the archbishop of Paris , voiced his opposition at a meeting of French bishops in Lourdes last year . Same-sex marriage around the world Opening up marriage to same-sex couples "  would be a transformation of marriage that would affect everyone , " he said . At the same time , failing to recognize gender difference within marriage and the family would be a "  deceit " that would rock the foundations of society and lead to discrimination between children , he said . Other religious groups , including Muslims , Jews and Buddhists , have also expressed their concern over the draft bill , and many lawmakers and hundreds of mayors are against the legislation . The legislation has won wide backing from gay rights advocates , however . The French gay , lesbian and transgender rights group Inter-LGBT has said the law , if passed , "  would be a major advance for our country in terms of equality of rights . " Lawmakers have a "  unique opportunity " to put an end to outdated discrimination , the group said in a statement . "  The law must allow all couples to unite themselves as they wish and must protect all families , without discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity , " it said . A law legalizing civil unions was introduced in 1999 in France under a previous Socialist government . Known in France as the PACS  pacte civil de solidarite  , the civil union agreement can be entered into by gay or straight couples and confers many but not all of the rights of marriage . Opinion : Gay rights in France -- How even the U.S. leads the way Argentina , Belgium , Canada , Spain , South Africa and Norway are among nearly a dozen countries that allow same-sex marriages . Polls show the U.S. public has gradually become more accepting of the idea , with more Americans in favor in 2013 than opposed , according to Pew . Nonetheless , 30 states have passed constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage , according to the Pew Research Center . The issue has also divided Australia , where lawmakers voted against a bill to legalize same-sex marriage last September . A poll for the advocacy group Australian Marriage Equality indicated that 64 % of those surveyed "  support marriage equality . " According to a report released in May 2011 by the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association , same-sex relations are still criminalized in 76 countries , and in five of those countries , the death penalty can be applied to those who violate the laws .	France 's lower house of parliament approves the bill 329 to 229 The legislation must be passed by the Senate before it can become law The Roman Catholic Church and other religious groups in France are opposed Supporters say same-sex couples should have equal rights to marry and adopt children
CNN  -- Portugal football legend Eusebio , who was top scorer at the 1966 World Cup , died at the age of 71 , his former club Benfica said Sunday . He died from a heart attack , the Lisbon side said on its website . The striker , affectionately known as the "  Black Panther , " was admired throughout the Portuguese-speaking world and was thought to be among the sport 's greatest players . "  Always eternal #Eusebio , rest in peace , " Real Madrid forward and current Portugal icon Cristiano Ronaldo tweeted alongside a picture of both men together . Portugal 's former world player of the year , Luis Figo , tweeted that Eusebio was the "  king " while Brazil 's Pele , considered by many to be the best footballer of all time , tweeted that Eusebio was like a "  brother " to him . "  May God receive him with open arms , " said Pele . Eusebio , whose full name was Eusebio da Silva Ferreira , played for three North American Soccer League teams in the twilight of his career but is best known for his exploits in 15 years at Benfica . Born in 1942 in Mozambique , which was then a Portuguese territory , he scored 41 goals in 64 appearances for his adopted country . Named European Footballer of the Year in 1965 , Eusebio won widespread acclaim the following year at the World Cup in England . He scored nine goals in the competition , helping his team reach the semifinals . World Cup scorer He scored two goals as Portugal eliminated defending champions Brazil in the group stage , then netted four times in an incredible quarterfinal comeback against North Korea as his side rallied from 3-0 down to win 5-3 in one of the tournament 's most famous matches . Eusebio scored again in the semifinals against England , but the hosts won 2-1 before beating Germany in the final . "  His talent brought joy for entire generations , even those who did n't live through the most glorious moments of his career , " Portuguese President Anibal Cavaco Silva told Portuguese television . World football body FIFA said Eusebio was considered "  one of the best footballers of all time and best ever from Portugal . " "  Football has lost a legend , " FIFA president Sepp Blatter tweeted as the tributes continued . "  But Eusebio 's place among the greats will never be taken away . " Added UEFA president Michel Platini : "  On the field , Eusebio was a true legend , both in the colors of Portugal and Benfica , " he told UEFA 's website . "  But also off it , he was a true ambassador for Portuguese football on the international stage . He was more than a footballer . A good and charming man , Eusebio will be sadly missed . " During his career with Benfica , the Lisbon side won the European Cup in 1962 . He scored 733 times in 745 professional matches , according to FIFA . He won 10 league titles and five Portuguese cups with the Eagles and was Portugal 's top league scorer between 1964 and 1973 . "  We 're saddened to hear Benfica legend Eusebio has passed away , " tweeted Manchester United . "  He was a fantastic player and a friend of the club . " People we lost in 2014 Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Eusebio , 71 , died from a heart attack , former club says The striker was considered one of the sport 's greatest players Eusebio was top scorer at 1966 World Cup Portugal captain Cristiano Ronaldo among those to pay tribute
What 's longer than five Boeing 747 jetliners , 2.5 times taller than the Great Pyramid of Giza and uses robot bartenders to pour your drinks ? That 'll be Royal Caribbean 's new Quantum of the Seas , which the cruise brand bills as the world 's most technologically advanced cruise ship . The highly hyped ship is now in the middle of its inaugural voyage , an eight-day cruise from the UK port of Southampton to New York . The cruise line says Quantum of the Seas , which weighs 167,800 gross registered tons , has 16 guest decks filled with 2,090 of the brand 's largest and most advanced staterooms , which can occupy 4,180 guests . Could n't score a room with an ocean view ? No problem . Passengers in interior staterooms get virtual balconies that offer real-time views of the ocean and destinations on large screens . In terms of connectivity , Royal Caribbean has partnered with service provider O3b Networks and claims to offer "  more bandwidth than every other cruise ship in the world combined . " Other high-tech features include the use of electronic wristbands that serve as room keys and allow passengers to navigate the ship and make onboard purchases . But what seems to be getting all the attention are on board attractions such as the iFly skydiving simulator , those aforementioned robot bartenders in the "  Bionic Bar " , North Star -- a sky pod that allows guests to rise 300 feet above the ship in a retractable crane -- bumper cars and interactive art created by digital and video artists . Instead of having one main dining room and a few alternatives there are 18 restaurants , five of which are complimentary venues . Tipsy robot bartenders ? Despite claiming to be the most high tech ship in the world , the Quantum of the Seas launch was n't hitch free . "  Its ` super-fast ' internet that is said to allow passengers to stream video , Skype and download emails simultaneously at speeds they would on shore , did not work as smoothly as it should have , " says a report on the UK 's Daily Telegraph about the ship 's brief Southampton visit . "  Royal Caribbean was also not having much luck with the two robots at the Bionic Bar , " says the report . "  The robotic arms failed to stand glasses upright on a number of occasions . Cocktails are meant to be mixed in one minute but as waiting times rose to 20 minutes the IT team pulled the plug -- literally -- and went back to the drawing board . " However , the report suggested these issues will likely be resolved by the time the cruise docks in New York on November 10 , blaming the patchy WiFi on the fact service provider O3b Networks does not yet have a satellite covering the UK . Once the trans-Atlantic cruise is complete , Quantum will spend the winter cruising the eastern Caribbean , with trips departing from New Jersey . From next June , the mega-ship will operate year-round out of Shanghai . Sister-ship Anthem of the Seas will debut in Southampton in April 2015 and sail Mediterranean itineraries . Construction on the third Quantum class ship , Ovation of the Seas , started in September and is due to be delivered in the fall of 2016 , says the company . According to Cruisecritic.com , the Quantum Class of ships represents a significant reduction in size compared with Royal Caribbean 's Oasis Class ships , which measure 225,282 tons and carry 5,400 passengers at double occupancy .	Royal Caribbean says Quantum of the Seas is the world 's most technologically advanced cruise ship Ship highlights include a skydiving simulator , bumper cars and a glass pod that rises more than 300 feet in the air Passengers in interior staterooms get virtual balconies , which offer real-time views of the ocean Quantum will spend the winter cruising the eastern Caribbean before moving to Shanghai next June
CNN  -- The Ebola outbreak is much worse than official figures show and is "  spiraling out of control , " a leading U.S. official said Tuesday -- due in part , he said , to some countries that inadvertently have made it harder to corral the deadly disease . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden offered his stark commentary to CNN a day after Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , the president of Liberia , voiced dissatisfaction with the world response so far . "  In a way , we feel saddened by the response , " President Sirleaf said . More than 3,000 people have been infected by Ebola in Liberia , Guinea , Sierra Leone and Nigeria since the first documented cases in December , according to the World Health Organization . At least 1,552 have died . Human trial of experimental Ebola vaccine begins	NEW : Obama to West Africans : "  We know how to " stop Ebola from spreading NEW : U.S. official : 500 from CDC working on Ebola ; 100 government workers in region CDC director : "  Hugely fast increase " in harder-to-manage Ebola cases of late Liberian President : "  We feel saddened " by the international response to the crisis
CNN  -- His name is Gammy . He 's just seven months old and is attracting attention to the murky world of surrogacy in Thailand , as the military-led country cracks down on the industry . Gammy was born with Down Syndrome in December last year to an impoverished Thai mother , Pattaramon Chanbua ; one of twins she was carrying for an Australian couple . However , when it came time to take the babies home , they only took one -- a healthy girl -- leaving the ailing boy in Thailand with a mother ill-equipped to care for a child with special needs . She said the couple told her they were "  too old " to take care of twins , according to Fairfax Media . However , on Monday , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported the father claimed doctors had only told the couple about the baby girl . "  When the girl was discharged from the hospital , the mother asked me that if I would be able to raise the boy . How come they said that they did n't know about it ? I do n't understand , it sounds like they are lying , " Pattaramon told CNN . She said the couple did n't show any interest in taking the boy home . "  They  never even looked at the boy . Even milk , they never bought for him . The boy was sleeping next to the girl 's bed , diapers were run out , they never bought ones for him , " she said . ' I was told to get rid of the baby ' Pattaramon spoke to CNN from a Thai hospital where baby Gammy is receiving treatment for pneumonia . She 's just 21 , has two children of her own , aged six and three , and works selling snacks at a food stall . "  I was told the baby has Down  Syndrome  when I was seven months pregnant , " she said . "  I was told to get rid of the baby and there would be some ways to save the other child . I refused because it is a sin . " Pattaramon says she met the intending parents just three times , and claims the agency who put them in touch has n't paid her the full 300,000 baht fee  $ 9,300  . That 's irrelevant now . An online crowd-funding campaign to raise money for his care has raised more than $ 215,000 in just 12 days . Along with Down Syndrome -- a genetic disorder that impairs growth and intellectual ability -- Gammy has a heart condition that may require surgery . "  I feel so happy , because we are poor we ca n't afford to pay all medical bills for the child , " Pattaramon said . Fund-raising has now been taken over by Hands Across the Water , an Australian-based charity that works with orphans and needy children in Thailand . "  The original money was for the projected costs associated with the heart surgery -- what we 'll now be able to do is to plan for the longer term needs , through to his schooling , " the charity 's founder Peter Baines told CNN . Risks of going abroad Sam Everingham knows the challenges of having to go abroad for a much-wanted child . He and his partner spent years navigating the Indian surrogacy system before the birth of baby girls in 2011 . He says the claim the parents did n't know about the boy was hard to believe . "  Most or nearly all intending parents look forward anxiously every month to scans from their surrogates showing their growing babies . The agency would send the scans over on a regular basis . There 's no reason why this agency would not have done that , " he said . Everingham is the director of Families Through Surrogacy , an organization that helps to guide intending parents through the process . "  The vast majority of cases bring happiness and joy to both parties . But it does show the need , particularly in Thailand , for more oversights and regulations and we welcome the fact that the Thai government has said they 're going to be clamping down , " he said . Worried parents While Gammy 's case has caused an outpouring of sympathy for the boy and his mother -- and anger against his would-be parents -- it 's also highlighted the fears of dozens of other couples waiting for children of their own . On July 22 , Thai authorities announced they were tightening restrictions on the industry . In the last few days , officials have stopped a number of babies born through surrogacy from leaving the country , Everingham said . "  There 's a huge concern about that . In Australia alone we have 80 to 90 families with pregnant surrogates in Thailand , which are very concerned about their access to their children . "  We 're looking for clarity from the Thai government as soon as possible about the safe passage of those babies , " he said . While Gammy 's case was n't the catalyst for the crackdown , Families Through Surrogacy said the abandonment of disabled children by foreigners was one of the issues identified by Thai authorities . Not the first "  From within the surrogacy community I 've heard that this has happened before , " said Michaela Stockey Bridge , a researcher from Macquarie University who has been gathering stories about people 's experiences with surrogacy abroad . "  Whenever we have a case like this , it highlights the fact that we need international regulation of commercial surrogacy , " she said . "  If there was more counseling , and the intending parents and gestational carrier were able to talk that through beforehand , it would n't come up in this situation -- it 's such a sad outcome . "	Australian couple leave twin with Down Syndrome with surrogate mother 21-year-old Thai surrogate says she was asked to abort the baby at seven months Father tells Australian media that couple was n't told about the female baby Internet campaign raised more than $ 200,000 for child 's care
CNN  -- A retired union president was indicted by a federal grand jury Thursday and is accused of using his position to steal hundreds of thousands of dollars . The charges against Terence J. Bonner , former president of the National Border Patrol Union , include wire fraud , said United States Attorney Laura E. Duffy . Bonner , who is from California , is accused of taking payments for union activities and using it for himself in a scheme to "  defraud some 14,000 dues-paying union members , " Duffy said . "  These false claims included periods of time when Bonner was actually visiting his mistress in Chicago or family members , as well as trips to attend non-Union activities , such as hockey games and other sporting events , " the indictment says . Bonner is also accused of filing for reimbursement for travel expenses for personal trips , Duffy said . "  Siphoning hundreds of thousands of dollars from hard-working fellow Border Patrol agents , many of whom put their lives on the line every day to protect this country , is a particularly troubling form of corruption that must be addressed , " Duffy said . Bonner was arrested and scheduled to be in court for his first appearance on Monday , August 20 .	Bonner is accused of taking payments for union activities and using it for himself This "  is a particularly troubling form of corruption , " attorney says Bonner is scheduled to be in court on August 20
CNN  -- The grandson of civil rights activist Malcolm X , Malcolm Shabazz , died in a Mexico City hospital after suffering an apparent beating , police told CNN . Prosecutors are investigating the death as a homicide , police spokesman Octavio Campos said . Police were called to the scene of an injured man at 3:30 a.m. Thursday one block south of Plaza Garibaldi , a rough but famous patch of Mexico City known for its mariachis . Shabazz appeared to have been beaten , but had no wounds from other weapons , Campos said . The 29-year-old was transported to Mexico City 's Balbuena General Hospital , where he died later Thursday morning because of his injuries , he said . The prosecutor 's office said in a statement that Shabazz had been at "  a place of recreation " and had been drinking beers that night . "  To all who knew him , he offered kindness , encouragement and hope for a better tomorrow , " the Shabazz family said in a statement Friday . "  Although his bright light and boundless potential are gone from this life , we are grateful that he now rests in peace in the arms of his grandparents and the safety of God . " A U.S. State Department spokeswoman was aware that a U.S. citizen had died in Mexico , but declined to comment further . "  I was saddened , stunned , shocked , to read about the murder of young Malcolm , " former Georgia congresswoman Cynthia McKinney said . The former lawmaker had taken Shabazz under her wing and he had traveled with her to Libya on a trip . "  Many of my closest associates have personal memories of their time with him and of his efforts to reach out to them for help , " McKinney said . "  He was writing a book . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Nick Valencia and Sunny Hostin contributed to this report .	Malcolm Shabazz died at a hospital from injuries from an apparent beating , police say He was the grandson of Malcolm X Shabazz had been at "  a place of recreation " in Mexico City , prosecutors said He was found injured early Thursday
The chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , left the door open Thursday to stepped-up U.S. military involvement in Iraq if ISIS militants pose a threat to the United States . In response to a question about what the U.S. end game is in Iraq , Dempsey began by saying the U.S. military 's current role is much different from it was during the Iraq war . "  Assessing and advising and enabling are very different words than attacking , defeating and disrupting , " he said during a briefing at the Pentagon in Washington . "  We may get to that point if our national interests drive us there , if  the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  becomes such a threat to the homeland that the President of the United States , with our advice , decides that we have to take direct action . I am just suggesting to you that we are not there yet . " Dempsey also disputed the use of the term "  mission creep " in Iraq . "  That 's the wrong phrase . The issue is mission match , " he said . "  We will match the resources we apply with the authorities and responsibilities that go with them based on the mission we undertake , and that is to be determined . " Barzani : It 's time for referendum on independence Masoud Barzani , the President of Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region , told the regional parliament Thursday that it is time to hold a referendum on the independence of Kurdish areas . He said Kurds should no longer have to wait on anybody to obtain the right of independence and told the Kurdish parliament to begin taking steps to hold the referendum . Last week , Barzani announced that disputed areas , including Kirkuk , were henceforth part of the Kurdish autonomous region , after the Iraqi central government failed to hold a long-awaited referendum . Last month , the Iraqi army withdrew from Kirkuk , and Kurdish Peshmerga forces took control of the city and small villages in the areas as ISIS carried out its lightning offensive . The move by the Kurds will probably complicate efforts to get Iraqi lawmakers to form a new government representing all three major population groups -- Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds . Official : Nuns , orphans missing Two nuns , who were thought to be under house arrest by ISIS militants , and three orphans have gone missing from an Assyrian Orthodox church in central Mosul , the governor of Nineveh province and witnesses told CNN on Thursday . Militants believed to be from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria initially barred the nuns from leaving Miskintah Church in the Khazraj neighborhood in early June , Gov. Atheel al-Nujaifi said . The two nuns manage an orphanage on the church grounds , and both are very well known to Mosul residents , the residents say . Residents in the neighborhood who were in touch with the nuns told CNN they had not been able to reach them on their cell phones since Tuesday . On Thursday , the residents forced their way into the church and said they could not find the nuns or three orphans . The two nuns were identified by the governor and the residents as Sister Hannah and Sister Uttor . Indian nurses being moved Forty-six Indian nurses being held by ISIS in former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit are being moved north , to the city of Mosul , which is under control of the militant group , Syed Akbaruddin , the spokesman for India 's Ministry of External Affairs , said Thursday at a news briefing . The news about the nurses follows reports that Iraqi security forces have been battling ISIS militants for control of the city , north of Baghdad , raising questions about whether ISIS is losing its grip on the area . MAPS : Understanding the crisis Syed said his understanding is that the nurses have been moved for their own safety . "  All of them are safe and unharmed , " he said . Asked whether the nurses were being held against their will , he said : "  In zones of conflict , there 's no free will . " Turkish truck drivers released Thirty-two Turkish truck drivers who went missing in early June in Mosul , when ISIS fighters swept through the city , have been released , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Thursday in a televised news conference carried by Turkish television stations . "  As a result of efforts and daily consultations for the past 23 days , now I am happy to say that our 32 drivers have been received by our consul general , and now our consul general is on the way to Irbil with the drivers , " Davutoglu said . The drivers will then be flown to Ankara , Turkey , he said . There are still more than 40 staff members of the Turkish Consulate missing in Iraq , Davutoglu said . Efforts continue "  nonstop " for their safe return , he said . Among those missing are special forces soldiers , diplomats and children , who were seized by ISIS militants on June 11 . Baghdad bombings A double bombing in Baghdad 's predominantly Shiite neighborhood of al-Furhat left eight people dead and 17 wounded , police officials said early Thursday . The blasts late Wednesday night targeted people leaving the al-Mustafa mosque after evening prayers in the neighborhood , which sits just 2 miles from Baghdad International Airport , the officials said . More than 16 people have been arrested in connection with the attack , officials said . They did not say whether those arrested were believed to be militants tied to ISIS . Fighting in Karbala Dozens were reportedly killed in days of fighting between Iraqi security forces and followers of a prominent Shiite cleric in the holy city of Karbala , south of Baghdad , authorities said Thursday . The fighting raises concerns about whether infighting could fracture Iraq 's Shiite majority , potentially sparking further violence in a country already battling extremist Sunni militants . The battle began Tuesday when Iraqi troops raided the offices of prominent Shiite cleric Mahmoud al-Hassani al-Sarkhi , sparking a battle with the cleric 's followers , they said . The raid came after the cleric 's followers blocked roads in and around shrines in Karbala . Al-Sarkhi has been a fierce critic of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and the United States . Last week , he blamed some of the bloodshed on the country 's top Shiite cleric , Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , who called for Iraqis to take up arms against ISIS extremists . Helicopters fired a number of times on the Saif Saad neighborhood , not far from the city 's famed holy shrines , on Tuesday night , an employee at a shrine and a resident of Karbala said . The aircraft again hovered over the area Wednesday , as the city was placed on high alert and the streets remained empty of civilians . Videos posted on YouTube purported to show a firefight between Iraqi forces and the cleric 's followers , including one that showed an Iraq Humvee burning as gunfire is heard in the distance . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the videos . Fighting in Diyala , Salaheddin provinces Iraqi security forces , with the help of volunteer fighters and Sunni tribesmen , were carrying out an offensive Thursday against ISIS fighters north of Baquba in Diyala province , security officials told CNN on Thursday . The towns of al-Dawaleeb and al-Shohani , about 35 kilometers  22 miles  north of Baghdad , have been cleared of militants , the officials said . They said a number of ISIS fighters were killed and wounded during the operation , which lasted 7 hours . The officials say a large number of bombs were planted in both towns by ISIS , and Iraqi forces were working to defuse them . Meanwhile , state-run Iraqi TV reported that a counterterrorism unit killed 88 extremists and destroyed 12 vehicles in Salaheddin province Thursday . It offered no evidence of the killings , and no further details were provided . CNN can not independently confirm the claims . MAPS : Understanding the crisis	Dempsey says U.S. role could evolve ; Kurdish leader calls for vote on independence Nuns thought to be under ISIS custody , 3 orphans go missing from church in Iraq 46 Indian nurses "  are safe and unharmed , " Indian Ministry of External Affairs official says Truck drivers who went missing in Mosul have been released , Turkish foreign minister says
CNN  -- The bodies of seven of eight snowmobilers missing after Sunday 's avalanches in southeastern British Columbia have been found , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Monday . Authorities found seven bodies a day after avalanches in British Columbia , Canada . One man still was missing , but rescue personnel suspended their search near Fernie , British Columbia , at mid-afternoon Monday because of heavy snowfall and dense low clouds , the RCMP said . The search will resume Tuesday morning , authorities said . All eight men -- and three others who escaped -- faced two avalanches Sunday afternoon about 20 kilometers  12.4 miles  east of Fernie , a town in the Canadian Rockies about 300 kilometers  186 miles  southwest of Calgary , Alberta . The three survivors suffered minor injuries , and one of them was hospitalized overnight . The men had been in an area called Harvey Pass , which police called a popular backcountry snowmobile destination . Officials said an avalanche buried part of the group , and a second buried the rest as they tried to assist . "  Two of the buried riders managed to self-rescue within about 20 minutes . These two used their avalanche beacons to locate a third buried victim who they rescued after an additional 20 minutes of digging , " police said . iReport.com : Wyoming avalanche training covers pulling people out of snow A search command post was set up Sunday , but darkness and avalanche hazards prompted authorities to postpone the search until Monday . On Monday morning , before the bodies were found , authorities said searchers and police dogs were being dispatched to the rugged , snowy area , and crews would dig into any sites where searchers thought they might find any of the missing men . The snowmobilers resided in Sparwood , a small town just north of Fernie . Sparwood 's mayor , David Wilks , said Monday morning that "  it certainly does n't look good " for the missing . "  Reality tells us if you 're stuck in the snow for about 24 hours , bad things can happen , " he said . The region has had previous coal mine disasters , "  but in recent memory , this is the largest single tragic event to hit this community , " Wilks said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share photos , video He said the snowmobilers are men in their mid - to late 20s and described them as upstanding citizens , most of them working in coal mines or as businessmen . "  All were well aware of the dangers involved in snowmobiling . All are very cautious with what was going on , " Wilks said . The mayor said temperatures had been as low as minus-30 degrees Fahrenheit in recent weeks , but the air had warmed up in the last two or three days to 25 degrees Fahrenheit . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Seven found dead a day after Canadian avalanches NEW : Search for eighth missing snowmobiler to resume Tuesday Group had been snowmobiling in southeastern British Columbia , Canada Two of 11 buried riders managed to rescue themselves , find third victim
Lebanese authorities have arrested a wife of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi -- the man spearheading the Islamist terror group 's sweeping rampage across Syria and Iraq -- said a source with knowledge of the arrest . The woman is one of al-Baghdadi 's two wives . Her arrest came as part of a "  planned operation , " according to the source . The source described her as a "  powerful figure  who is  heavily involved in ISIS . " Not much is known about the reported wife , including what her involvement is with the terrorist group , if any . "  We will gain some intelligence from her . We may get insights into al-Baghdadi 's movement , who he surrounds himself with , whether he was injured , and the degree of his injuries , " said Rep. Adam Schiff , a California Democrat . Another intelligence source identified the wife as Saja al-Dulaimi . She was detained with her 4-year-old son more than a week ago when they tried to enter Lebanon , that source said . The arrest was a coordinated operation involving agencies from Iraq , Syria and Lebanon , said the intelligence source . The source said the Iraqis had help from U.S. intelligence . In Washington , the CIA declined to comment . Also in Washington , several American sources suggested the person arrested was al-Baghdadi 's ex-wife , not a current one . Al-Baghdadi has been calling for the release of his son , the intelligence source said , adding that al-Dulaimi was released from Syrian custody in March as part of a group of 150 women who were freed in exchange for a group of Syrian nuns . The Greek Orthodox nuns had been kidnapped and held captive by the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , which al-Baghdadi had helped establish . Lebanese authorities did n't immediately respond to requests for comment from CNN . Agence France-Presse , citing unidentified Lebanese security officials , reported one of al-Baghdadi 's sons was detained . But Reuters , also citing Lebanese officials , said that a daughter , rather than a son , was being held . The two agencies similarly differed on when the two were picked up by Lebanese forces : Reuters said it happened "  in recent days ; " AFP reported it was 10 days ago . Regardless , the very idea that a government may be holding close relatives of al-Baghdadi is significant , given his pivotal role in ISIS ' meteoric rise , the extremist group 's widely reviled tactics under his leadership and the breadth of the international coalition aimed at defeating ISIS . "  It 's certainly a new dynamic because we 've never seen anybody connected so close to al-Baghdadi being detained , " terrorism expert Sajjan M. Gohel said . At the same time , the reports raise a lot of questions , such as what the family members might have been doing in Lebanon . "  Is he estranged from them ? Has he fallen out with them ? Were they escaping from him ? " asked Gohel , who is the international security director at the Asia Pacific Foundation . Lebanon is one of several countries heavily affected by Syria 's yearslong conflict and the flood of refugees trying to escape the violence . Lebanese authorities "  have been cracking down very heavily on the border to prevent members of ISIS seeping into Lebanon , " Gohel said . "  They do n't want the problems spilling over from Iraq and Syria into their territory . " Another question raised by the reports is whether the wife is affiliated with ISIS . "  If she 's simply an ex-wife , the first thing you got to deal with is she 's an innocent person , potentially , who was married to a bad guy , with a child , " said Philip Mudd , a former CIA counterterrorism official . "  The first hurdle ... before we deal with what she knows , is how closely was she affiliated , and how hard can you press her based on that affiliation . That 's an ethical question , " he said . Mystery surrounds arrest of woman who may be ISIS leader 's wife ISIS rises after al-Baghdadi took over The group that in 2006 would become ISIS began in Iraq , where it targeted the U.S.-led coalition as well as Shiite Muslims in the country . It suffered heavy losses , but ascended over the past few years to take advantage of a void wrought by Syria 's civil war as well as instability in Iraq . Not coincidentally , this all happened after al-Baghdadi took over ISIS in 2010 . Before that , he 'd been at a U.S. prison camp for insurgents at Bucca in southern Iraq , where he was taken after being detained in February 2004 amid fighting in the flashpoint city of Falluja . Media reports have claimed U.S. authorities held al-Baghdadi for four years . But the Pentagon has offered a different time line , saying he was at Camp Bucca until early December 2004 , when officials there recommended his "  unconditional release . " Beyond this , little is known about al-Baghdadi . According to the U.S. government , he was born in Samarra , Iraq , and is in his early 40s . What motivates him , how he was trained and who he 's close to -- including his family -- largely remains a mystery . He has emerged from the shadows in fits and spurts . After the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in 2011 , al-Baghdadi issued a eulogy in which he threatened violent retribution .  Al Qaeda disowned ISIS earlier this year , blaming it for "  the enormity of the disaster that afflicted " others trying to unseat Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . There were unconfirmed suggestions last month that al-Baghdadi had been wounded in airstrikes in northern Iraq . But days later , an audio recording emerged that purportedly contained a message from al-Baghdadi saying the U.S.-led coalition to destroy ISIS is "  terrified , weak and powerless . " ` He 's created this myth ' ISIS itself has never been more powerful , having taken over vast swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria in the past few years . And it has used brutal tactics to do so -- such as mass kidnappings , rapes , killings and other abuses against civilians and fighting foes alike , actions that a U.N. panel characterized as war crimes and crimes against humanity . Al-Baghdadi , who has gone by a variety of aliases during his career in terrorism , has been at the center of it . The U.S. State Department 's Reward 's for Justice program , which refers to him as "  Abu Du'a , " offers $ 10 million for information leading to his arrest . When his group rebranded itself as the Islamic State in June , al-Baghdadi was tapped as spiritual leader of the new caliphate . He 's sought to burnish his theological credentials , with a biography posted on jihadist websites last year claiming he had earned a doctorate in Islamic studies from a university in Baghdad . "  His knowledge in Islamic jurisprudence is somewhat dubious , but nevertheless he 's created this myth and this aura behind him , " Gohel said .	Woman part of a group freed in exchange for a group of nuns , intelligence source says Intelligence source identifies the wife as Saja al-Dulaimi Several U.S. sources suggest the person arrested is al-Baghdadi 's ex-wife Little is known about al-Baghdadi ; U.S. offers $ 10 million for info leading to him
CNN  -- Read this article in Spanish on CNN en EspaÃ ± ol Hispanic teens are more likely to use illicit drugs such as marijuana , ecstasy and cocaine , compared with their African-American and Caucasian counterparts , according to a new study . The study was released this month by the Partnership at Drug Free organization . It says that 54 % of Hispanic teens reported having used an illicit drug , followed by African-American teens at 45 % . Caucasians came third at 43 % . Why ? There is no definitive answer , but there are contributing factors involved , according to William Raikes , assistant director of consumer research at The Partnership at Drugfree.org . A larger percentage -- 62 % of Hispanic teens -- have been offered drugs such as ecstasy , crack/cocaine , heroin and methamphetamine at least once , compared with 53 % of Caucasian teens and 46 % of African-Americans . When it came to Hispanic parents , 21 % said they were OK if their teen "  smoked marijuana sometimes , " compared with 11 % of African-American parents and 6 % of Caucasian parents . "  Parental permissiveness is another factor we document as being linked to teen substance abuse . Hispanic parents appear to have some misconceptions regarding prescription drug misuse and abuse , " Raikes said . "  Both of these factors could have an influence on a child 's substance abuse . " Some of these factors are well-documented predictors of substance abuse , such as a teen 's perceived risks and social disapproval , according to the study . "  Perceived risks " weigh how risky a certain behavior -- such as substance abuse -- appears to a teen . "  Social disapproval " measures a teen 's approval of his or her peers ' substance abuse . Both of these measures have been shown to precipitate actual substance abuse . Hispanic parents reported the highest rates of problems establishing rules that prohibit drug use . However , Hispanics adolescents received less punishment for their drug use , the report states . Hispanic parents are just as likely as others to have conversations with their children about the risks of addiction . The disparity between drug use and warnings are because the talks are focused on trying to prevent the abuse of these substances by their children and not on prevention , according to the study . Hispanic teens are more likely to encounter substance abuse in their daily lives . Specifically , having access to substances , to have friends who abuse substances , and to have been offered substances . This could influence a teen to perceive substance abuse as a normal behavior , increasing their chances to engage in the dangerous activity . This trend is occurring throughout the country , not one geographic area that is more susceptible to substance abuse than others . Although certain drugs have a tendency to be more prevalent in certain areas -- for instance marijuana is more prevalent on the West coast than in the Midwest . "  Hispanic teen substance abuse however , is a national trend and Hispanic parents throughout the country should heed the call and talk to their kids , " Raikes said .	Hispanic teens are more likely than African-Americans , Caucasians to use illicit drugs Report : 54 % of Hispanic teens reported having used an illicit drug African-American teens came second at 45 % and Caucasians at 43 % . 21 % of Hispanic parents said they were OK with teen smoking marijuana
CNN  -- Bayern Munich wrapped up the Bundesliga title in record time on Tuesday night with a 3-1 win over Hertha Berlin at the Olympic Stadium . After being crowned champions with six games to spare last season , the Bavarians have gone one better this year , winning with seven still left to play . Bayern were 2-0 up within the first 15 minutes -- Toni Kroos netting in the sixth minute with Mario Goetze heading a second eight minutes later -- and looked to be coasting to a 24th Bundesliga title . Hertha did pull a goal back as Colombian striker Adrian Ramos netted a 66th-minute penalty , but when Franck Ribery came off the bench to score a third with 11 minutes remaining the celebrations for Bayern 's traveling fans could begin . Pep Guardiola 's side have now won their last 19 league games and have 77 points from 27 matches -- 25 points more than second place Borussia Dortmund with only 21 points now available from the remaining seven matches . "  I am just happy we have finally managed it , " Guardiola said . "  It did n't matter when we got it just as long as we won the title for this great club . " The Spanish manager , who steered Barcelona to three consecutive La Liga titles , has built on the foundations laid by former coach Jupp Heynckes who guided Bayern to the treble  Bundesliga , DFB Cup and Champions League  last season . Tuesday 's win also sees Bayern extend their unbeaten run of league matches to 52 -- their last loss was against Bayer Leverkusen on October 28th 2012 . "  It 's unbelievable to clinch the title on the back of an unbeaten record , " said winger Arjen Robben . "  We 're all unbelievably proud of the team and our achievements this season . " Guardiola 's team still have plenty to play for with not just a Champions League title to defend -- they play Manchester United in the first leg of the quarterfinals on April 1 -- but more league records to try and break before the season finishes . Bayern need 15 points to overhaul last year 's record haul of 91 league points and win five of their last seven matches to better the mark of most wins  29 , set last year  in a season . Elsewhere in the Bundesliga on Tuesday , second-place Borussia Dortmund drew 0-0 with third-place Schalke while Braunschweig beat Mainz 3 - 1 . Wolfsburg were also 3-1 winners against Werder Bremen . Read more : Derby delight for Man City	Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 3-1 to clinch 24th Bundesliga title Pep Guardiola 's team extend record winning run in league to 19 matches Borussia Dortmund draw with Schalke 0-0 Bayern have 25-point lead with only 21 points available
CNN  -- Rachel Atherton is haring down a narrow muddy path on a hillside riding every hump and bump with the skill you would expect from a double world champion . She may be surrounded by beautiful , rolling countryside on all sides in north Wales , but the trail she is tackling today in Llangollen is known as a bit of a beast in mountain biking circles . The course is frighteningly steep in places , frequently rocky and steeped in mud , but the 27-year-old negotiates every perilous twist and turn with ease . "  When you are racing and you get it right , it feels amazing , " Atherton told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It almost feels like a meditation or a dance because you feel at one with your bike , putting it exactly where it needs to be and the rocks and bumps are working in your favor and it feels perfect . " Atherton has been risking life and limb bombing down mountain sides for more than a decade competing in the discipline of downhill mountain biking . "  The average mountain bike race lasts five to six minutes , which does n't sound long , but when you are hurtling down a mountain at 40-50 mph  65-80 kph  and you 've got obstacles -- rocks , roots , big jumps , trees to dodge ... it 's pretty hard work ! " she explains . "  You physically need to be strong and very fit but also you need to be able to mentally overcome challenges -- if you 're scared or a bit nervous -- and be able to put yourself in to the zone where you are willing to take the risks . You need to believe in yourself . " A family affair Atherton took up BMX racing at the age of eight before switching to mountain bikes three years later . She admits to hating it at first , preferring to play netball and hockey at school , but encouraged by her two brothers she quickly became hooked on the sport . In 2004 , aged 16 , Atherton clinched the UK senior downhill title and four years later won her first World Championship . She has since gone on to amass 21 individual World Cup downhill wins and been crowned overall World Cup champion three times . "  Having two older brothers was amazing . I 've no doubt that I would n't be where I am today without having my brothers as role models , " she says of reigning downhill world champion Gee  29  and 32-year-old Dan , who has tasted success in four-cross  4X  races -- think ski-cross on two wheels . "  It 's  made me quite competitive . Every time we go out riding , even if it 's just a fun ride we always end up trying to be the first to the bottom of the hill ... so it 's a really good environment to be an athlete . You are always striving to be the best , " she says . The friendly sibling rivalry has bred numerous individual wins , sometimes at the same World Cup events . Atherton and Gee have "  done the double " a couple of times winning both men 's and women 's downhill races , but nothing will top one glorious day when all three of them stood on top of the podium . "  The highlight of my racing career so far has got to be the 2008 World Cup in Andorra when Dan won his four-cross , Gee won the men 's downhill and I won the women 's downhill . For all three of us siblings to win the World Cup in the same day was a tearful day ! " Shouldering the pain As might be expected in such a dangerous sport , tears have been shed following more painful experiences . Atherton has perhaps suffered more than most riders during her career , breaking ribs , wrists , fingers and a collarbone , as well as dislocating her shoulder seven times . The worst unhinging came not up a mountain , but on a road when she was hit by a pick-up truck in California during a winter training camp in January 2009 . "  There was a lot of nerve damage and I had about three or four operations over the following year to try and get me back on track . I had to have a nerve graft which was pretty big surgery really . " Inevitably , the setback led to a certain amount of soul-searching about whether she wanted to carry on racing , but she eventually returned replenished both physically and mentally . "  Being injured or having time off definitely gives you something that you did n't have before . It gives you a real hunger and a real determination to prove to yourself that you can get back up and be as strong as you once were , " she says . It 's an attitude that has n't done her any harm so far with Atherton enjoying her most successful period in the sport in recent seasons , completing the World Championship and World Cup double in 2013 . Atherton narrowly missed out on a fourth World Cup crown this year -- she finished second to compatriot Manon Carpenter -- but she 's setting her sights predictably high for 2015 targeting another World Cup and World Championship double . Another championship-winning year would also help in her continuing quest to encourage a new generation of girl racers . "  Girls need to have the balance of being tough and getting dirty on the sports fields and then having a good time being a girl , " she said . "  I think what I 've always tried to do in my role as being a top athlete is to show girls the confidence that sport can give you . It gives you such a good feeling and makes you feel strong inside . I think every girl should have that opportunity . "	Rachel Atherton is a double world champion in downhill mountain biking The 27-year-old Briton won her first world title in 2008 Racing down a mountain ` like a meditation or a dance ' when it goes right Career interrupted by serious injuries , notably seven dislocated shoulders
CNN  -- When the sun went down , their voices did not . Riot police on the street in Tehran on Monday . "  Allah O Akbar ! " the crowds on the tops of building chanted over and over . Cell phone footage shows the nighttime scene in Tehran , Iran , which was sent to CNN 's iReport . As the camera pans with a jerk from building to building , protesters whistle and shout loudly while cars are heard honking in support . The phrase , which means , "  God is great " has become a rallying cry for protesting Iranians who have risked their lives and clashed with riot police because they believe the nation 's recent presidential election was rigged . Watch iReport video of the protest chorus CNN spoke with the man who shot the footage . He did n't want to give his name . Doing so might jeopardize his impending escape from Iran and entry into Belgium , he said . He was reached by phone while driving in Tehran Sunday at 10 p.m. ET after he sent the video to iReport 's headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia . See iReporter 's cell phone photos taken Monday in Iran He described seeing candles across the city which had been lit around 7 p.m. in Iran . Many were placed on rooftops in the memory of a woman known to the world as "  Neda . " A widely circulated video of the young woman shows her apparently in the middle of protests over the weekend with an older man , believed to be her father . It looks as though she is shot in the chest and drops to the ground . Blood runs from the side of her mouth as a few people , including the older man , press on her chest and shout her name . One pleads , "  Do not to be afraid . " The camera closes in on her face as her eyes roll back and are still . She appears to die on camera . Another shocking video sent to CNN 's iReport was also filmed from a rooftop , this time looking down at what seems to be an extremely violent scene on the roof of a shorter building . A group of men in black , members of the nation 's Basij militia , the iReporter says , appear to gang up on one man and beat him with batons . The footage shows him lying motionless as the men in black walk away . Riot police and Basij militia tried to keep large crowds from congregating in Haft-e Tir Square and on Monday arrested at least eight people , witnesses said . CNN 's international desk producers monitor official Web sites of the Iranian government . There has been no reaction to the violence posted on those sites , but the Iranian government has previously said that it does not approve of street protests . Internet posts on Twitter and Facebook continue to be come from across the globe . Hundreds for Neda . "  More helicopters flying over Tehran today than any previous day " someone from inside Iran tweeted Monday .	Iranians chant their protest cry "  Allah O Akbar " from rooftops iReporter says Iranians leaving candles on roofs in memory of woman killed Death of the woman , known as Neda , was captured on video and broadcast globally
A teenager tackled by a vice principal refused to drop the knives he 'd used to stab 21 at his Pittsburgh-area high school , saying , "  My work is not done , I have more people to kill , " according to a criminal complaint released Friday . While some underwent surgery , none of the 20 fellow students and one adult stabbed died . Two victims -- one in critical but stable condition , the other in fair condition -- were still at Forbes Regional Hospital in Monroeville , Pennsylvania , on Friday , hospital spokesman Jesse Miller said . Their alleged attacker -- 16-year-old Alex Hribal -- was eventually disarmed , handcuffed and taken into custody . On Friday , Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck told CNN that Hribal is charged with 21 counts of attempted homicide , in addition to 21 counts of aggravated assault and having a weapon on school property . Hribal was denied bond after the new charges were filed , Murrysville police Sgt. Charles Tappe said . Hribal remains in Westmoreland County 's juvenile detention center , even though he has been charged as an adult . The teenager stands accused of rampaging through the halls of Franklin Regional Senior High School early on the morning of April 9 , using a pair of 8-inch kitchen knives to slash those in his path . His parents and classmates insisted afterward that they did n't see the horror coming , with lawyer Patrick Thomassey describing him as a well-liked and "  typical young kid " who had "  never been been in trouble . " Who is Alex Hribal ? Authorities looking through his locker found "  a document " -- dated April 6 , three days before the mass stabbing -- signaling Hribal 's intentions to kill , according to the criminal complaint . One part of it read : "  I ca n't wait to see the priceless and helpless looks on the faces of the students of one of the ` best schools in Pennsylvania ' realize their previous lives are going to be taken by the only one among them that is n't a plebeian . " Franklin Regional Senior High indeed has a strong academic reputation . According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education , its students ' average SAT scores for 2013 was 1603 . The school is located in the middle-class enclave of Murrysville , a community of about 20,000 people located roughly 20 miles east of Pittsburgh . In less than five minutes , the scene at the school transformed from a regular morning to sheer terror , as students bled , screamed and -- in a few notable cases -- rallied to help one another . The rampage ended when Assistant Principal Sam King spotted the suspect holding the knives , as well as as a security guard , Sgt. John Resetar , bleeding nearby . Assistant principal who tackled suspect hailed as ` great man ' According to the criminal complaint citing the school administrator , Hribal was "  facing Resetar  when King  grabbed the accused from behind and took him to the floor . "	Hribal is denied bond , continues to be held , police sergeant says Alex Hribal is accused of stabbing 20 students , 1 adult at a Pittsburgh-area school A criminal complaint states Alex Hribal refused to let go of knives after getting tackled Authorities later found writing in his locker indicating his aim to kill fellow students
CNN  -- Most of us have dreamed of telling our bosses what they can do with this stupid job , perhaps with the help of a marching band , if your fantasies skew grandiose . So what happens to the guy who actually does it and lives to post a video of the stunt on YouTube ? The numbers do n't lie : Twenty-four-year-old Joey DeFrancesco has become a veritable Internet celebrity , a hero and a viral video sensation . The original YouTube video of "  Joey Quits " earned more than 2 million views a week , which includes 18,092 likes and 438 dislikes and counting . "  I 'm goingï " ¿ to quit like that if I 'm going to quit , " one commenter said , echoing the wishful thinking of many . "  Joey is the hero of all downtrodden workers because he is the embodiment of ` take this job and shove it . ' He 's living out the fantasies of countless workers who also hate their bosses , " said Allison Hemming , CEO of the Hired Guns , a digital marketing and talent agency . Beyond resonating with millions of people , the video says a few things about how social media are changing the way businesses interact not just with customers but with employees , she said . "  Managers should remember that if you 're terrible to your people while they are working for you , your formerly silent former employees will have a platform to out you in a potentially very public way . And that sentiment can effect your business too . " It also demonstrates how social media are allowing employees to control the circumstances of their departure for a change , said Anne Kreamer , a former Nickelodeon executive and author of "  It 's Always Personal : Emotions in the New Workplace . " She cited ousted Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz 's e-mail to Yahoo employees saying "  I 've just been fired over the phone " as another example of someone getting in front of their former bosses to control the message . "  Rather than having the situation defined for them , people are trying to shape the conversation on their own . For all we know , Joey was going to get fired the next day , but he turned it around . " The video 's release could n't be more timely , although DeFrancesco made the video when he quit his job at the Renaissance Providence Downtown Hotel in August . The unemployment rate has remained at 9.1 % , since July and new claims for unemployment benefits have lingered above 400,000 since April . Those factors , taken with the Occupy Wall Street movement , create the ideal cultural climate for the birth of an Internet folk hero who embodies the anger and malaise felt by many , Kreamer said . "  There 's a kind of confluence of events that 's forcing people 's anger and dissatisfaction to the surface . Everyone 's been taking it on the chin for years because of the recession but now they 're exhausted and want change , " Kreamer said . "  Joey 's approach is unique in saying , ` I 'm going to have some fun with this . ' " DeFrancesco is not the first , and he 's probably not the last , to publicly stage his flame-out . If anything , his video is the latest example of how the Internet age has created a broader platform for behavior that used to be contained to smaller circles , Oregon-based career coach Dorothy Tannahill Moran said . "  People have been flaming out publicly forever . Now , with social media , we have a bigger stage for our flame-outs , and there 's ever so many more places for it to be done , " Moran said . A YouTube video posted in 2007 shows a Moe 's Southwest Grill manager tearing off his work shirt to reveal a white T-shirt with the words "  I QUIT " while "  Ice , Ice Baby " plays . The worker launches into a respectable imitation of Vanilla Ice 's original dance routine , complete with backup dancers . Another take on the "  I QUIT " chest proclamation appeared in a 2008 YouTube video of a man who tears off his shirt and has the phrase written on his bare skin . He giddily skips around the office , boom box on shoulder , with "  just got ta get right outta here " from Queen 's "  Bohemian Rhapsody " on a loop . The last disgruntled employee to strike a chord in the public consciousness was former JetBlue flight attendant Steven Slater , who famously deployed an emergency evacuation slide to dramatically exit an airplane after announcing to the flight that he was fed up . Slater was back in the news Thursday when he was sentenced to a year of probation after completing a mental health treatment program . His departure will cost him $ 10,000 in restitution to JetBlue , the price of repairing or replacing the emergency evacuation chute . Slater told CNN the past year had been "  long " and "  challenging . " He spent much of it commuting to a New York treatment facility from Los Angeles , where took care of his ill mother , who died this year . But just imagine if someone had captured the incident on camera , Moran said . Each departure reflects how the person felt about his job . "  The question becomes what 's the genesis of what prompted them to not just quit but to engage others in their departure , " she said . "  It 's usually a combination of frustrations , usually oriented toward management , but it can also include other stressors from the job . " DeFrancesco said problems with management led to his departure . He said he worked at the hotel for more than three years , during which time he participated in a push for employees to join a union . The employees prevailed , but the struggle damaged relations between management and employees , he said . "  They treat us like s *** , " DeFrancesco said at the start of the YouTube video . "  I 'm going to go and quit right now with the help of my bandmates . " On the video , he leads members of the What Cheer ? Brigade into the hotel through a side entrance . His boss encounters them and tells them to leave , DeFrancesco responds by handing him a letter and saying "  I quit . " Cue the band as DeFrancesco walks away , smiling broadly , hands raised in triumph . DeFrancesco said he has a new job that allows him to use his history degree , but he would n't say where . But it 's hard to say what the stunt will cost him in the long run , Hemming said . "  If Joey wants to work in a creative industry , he may get to keep his hero status and use it to his advantage , " she said . "  I 'd say to him , get an agent , use this moment to your advantage . " Finding a job in corporate America , where potential employers do extensive background checks , could be more challenging , she said . "  He can expect to definitely be Googled by hiring and recruiting managers who might take a pass on him because they 'll think , ` do I want to be the butt of a Joey joke when he quits on me in a few years ? This guy seems like a disgruntled employee before I 've even met him . I think I 'll pass . ' " Or , maybe it wo n't matter in a few years , as we grow even more accustomed to living our lives online . "  My guess is he 's not going to want to work in the hotel industry , but he 's super-young , so do n't think it 'll irreparably ruin his chances . Depending on the job , it might endear him to a potential employer . "	YouTube video of man resigning with a marching band earns more than 2 million hits in a week "  Joey Quits " is the "  embodiment of ` take this job and shove it , ' " career consultant says Video shows how social media let employees define circumstances of their depature Video could hurt chances of getting a job down the road , depending on the employer
CNN  -- Archaeologists believe a desert site in Jordan may contain the ruins of the elusive King Solomon 's Mines . Researchers using carbon dating techniques at Khirbat en-Nahas in southern Jordan discovered that copper production took place there around the time King Solomon is said to have ruled the Israelites . The research findings were reported in this week 's issue of the journal , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , which came out Monday . King Solomon is known in the Old Testament for his wisdom and wealth and for building the First Temple in Jerusalem . The fabled mines entered popular culture in 1885 with the publication in Great Britain of the bestselling "  King Solomon 's Mines " by Sir H. Rider Haggard . In the book , adventurers in search of the mines find gold , diamonds and ivory . Since then , the mines have been the the subject of several films . Yet their possible location -- and whether they exist at all -- remains cloaked in mystery . Thomas Levy of the University of California San Diego , who led the research , said carbon dating placed copper production at Khirbat en-Nahas  Arabic for ` Ruins of copper "  in the 10th century -- in line with the biblical narrative of Solomon 's rule . "  We ca n't believe everything ancient writings tell us , " Levy said in a university statement . "  But this research represents a confluence between the archaeological and scientific data and the Bible . " Khirbat en-Nahas is an arid region south of the Dead Sea , in Jordan 's Faynan district . The Old Testament identifies the area with the Kingdom of Edom . As early as the 1930s , archaeologists linked the site to the Edomite kingdom , but some of those claims were dismissed in subsequent years . "  Now ... we have evidence that complex societies were indeed active in 10th and 9th centuries BCE and that brings us back to the debate about the historicity of the Hebrew Bible narratives related to this period , " Levy said .	Desert site in Jordan may contain the ruins of the fabled King Solomon 's mines King Solomon is known in the Old Testament for his wisdom and wealth Findings reported in the journal , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
CNN  -- By 2050 , minorities will be the majority in America , and the number of residents older than 65 will more than double , according to projections released Thursday by the U.S. Census Bureau . The Census Bureau looks at 2000 results and assumptions about future childbearing , mortality rates and migration . Minorities , classified as those of any race other than non-Hispanic , single-race whites , currently constitute about a third of the U.S. population , according to Census figures . But by 2042 , they are projected to become the majority , making up more than half the population . By 2050 , 54 percent of the population will be minorities . Minority children are projected to reach that milestone even sooner . By 2023 , the bureau said , more than half of all children will be minorities . "  Part of it is a higher fertility rate for some of the minority groups , Hispanics in particular , " said Dave Waddington , chief of the Census Bureau 's population projection branch , which issued the report . "  Those groups also tend to be more of the childbearing age . Non-Hispanic white people tend to be a little bit older . " The projections are based on Census 2000 results and assumptions about future childbearing , mortality rates and net international migration , the bureau said . The group predicted to post the most dramatic gain is the Hispanic population . It is projected to nearly triple , from 46.7 million to 132.8 million , from 2008 through 2050 , the bureau said . Its share of the total U.S. population is expected to double from 15 to 30 percent . "  Thus , one in three U.S. residents would be Hispanic , " the Census Bureau said in a news release . The African-American population is projected to increase from 41.1 million to 65.7 million by 2050 , going from 14 percent of the U.S. population to 15 percent . The Asian-American population is expected to increase from 15.5 million to 40.6 million , or from 5.1 percent to 9.2 percent of the population . Among the remaining races , the bureau said , American Indians and Alaska natives are projected to increase from 3.9 million to 8.6 million , going from 1.6 percent to 2 percent of the U.S. population . Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders are expected to more than double , increasing from 1.1 to 2.6 million . In addition , the number of U.S. residents identifying themselves as being of two or more races is projected to more than triple , increasing to 16.2 million from its current 5.2 million , the Census Bureau said . Meanwhile , the non-Hispanic white population is not expected to post dramatic gains in the same period . By 2050 , whites are expected to number 203.3 million , slightly increased from the 2008 number of 199.8 million . Whites will comprise 46 percent of the U.S. population by 2050 , down from the current level of 66 percent , the bureau said , as the group is projected to lose population in the 2030s and 2040s . By 2030 , all baby boomers will be age 65 and older -- comprising nearly 20 percent of U.S. residents , or one in five Americans , the bureau said . By 2050 , the 65-and-older age group will increase to 88.5 million , more than doubling its current number of 38.7 million . Meanwhile , the number of those age 85 and older is expected to more than triple , from 5.4 million in 2008 to 19 million by 2050 . Non-Hispanic whites make up most of the baby boomers , Waddington said . "  They 're in a higher mortality rate ... nonminority groups tend to be older and dying off faster " instead of reproducing at the rate projected for minorities . Obviously , the projections will have "  very strong policy implications , " he said -- medical care for an increasingly elderly population , for instance , educational needs for increasing numbers of minority children and economic effects for the labor force . "  Who 's going to do the jobs that are characteristically held right now by certain types of people ? " Waddington said . "  All those things are subject to change . " The United States is projected to reach the 400 million population milestone in 2039 , according to bureau projections . By 2050 , the population is expected to be 439 million . Of those , 235.7 million are expected to be minorities . As U.S. cities and towns have increasingly become more diverse , Census officials knew the day of a majority minority would come , Waddington said . And "  the aging one is sort of simple , " he added . "  That 's demography 101 . " Other highlights from the report released Thursday : • By 2050 , 62 percent of the nation 's children will be minorities , up from 44 percent today . Of those , 39 percent are projected to be Hispanic , up from 22 percent in 2008 , and 38 percent are projected to be white , down from 56 percent in 2008 • The percentage of the U.S. population between the ages of 18 and 64 -- the "  working age " population -- is projected to decrease to 57 percent in 2050 from 63 percent in 2008 . • The working-age population will become more than 50 percent minority in 2039 , and by 2050 will constitute 55 percent of the population . • By 2050 , the working-age population will be more than 30 percent Hispanic , up from 15 percent in 2008 ; 15 percent African-American , up from 13 percent in 2008 ; and 9.6 percent Asian , up from 5.3 percent in 2008 . Waddington said the timelines are not written in stone . "  It 's a projection . And things like the baby boom generation could n't be predicted . " Major changes in policy affecting families and children , or a major policy affecting immigration , could have an impact on the expectations , he said . The nation 's undocumented workers -- estimated at 12 million or more -- are included in the projections , Waddington said . Census data includes all U.S. residents , regardless of their legal status , he said . CNN 's Ashley Broughton contributed to this report .	Census : By 2050 , 54 percent will be other than non-Hispanic , single-race whites Number of U.S , residents older than 65 expected to more than double Hispanic population projected to make the largest gains Census official says the timelines are not written in stone
CNN  -- At least six people have died and several others are missing after rains triggered severe flooding in northern Italy , state-run news agency ANSA reported . Heavy rains continued to fall Thursday night in Milan and other spots across the southern European nation , according to the Servizio Meteorologico , Italy 's official weather agency . That includes an alert from the agency about intense , widespread rainfall -- potentially with strong wind gusts and hail -- in the regions of Calabria and Basilicata , as well as the eastern part of Sicily . Meanwhile , Monterosso al Mare -- between Genoa and Pisa on Italy 's northwest coast , in the Cinque Terre region of Liguria -- has been "  isolated , accessible only by sea " because of earlier rains and floods , Mayor Angelo Betta told ANSA . So , too , is the nearby town of Vernazza , with even bulldozers and cranes still not able to reach it . That said , Betta reported some progress Thursday thanks to round-the-clock efforts by emergency workers and volunteers to clean up the town . One volunteer in that community died in the flood Wednesday . "  The situation is much better compared to yesterday , " Betta said . Italy 's defense ministry noted Thursday on its website that 348 military personnel have deployed to the provinces of Massa Carrara and La Spezia to assist in the wake of flooding here . Three people were killed after a house collapsed in La Spezia , the news agency stated . ANSA also reported that prosecutors have opened a manslaughter investigation related to the deaths of two people from flood-related injuries in Aulla . Authorities are assessing whether their deaths had anything to do with faulty work that may have caused the Magra River to overflow . The weather has also caused major travel headaches throughout the region . A mudslide that trapped a truck driver , who was eventually freed , has caused the A12 highway in Liguria to be blocked since Tuesday . Train service in Liguria has been halted , too , due to mud and debris on the tracks . CNN 's Marilia Brochetto contributed to this report .	NEW : 348 Italian military personnel are dispatched to help in flood-ravaged areas State-run news reports flooding-related deaths in 3 Italian locales Monterosso al Mare is "  isolated , accessible only by sea , " its mayor says The storms have caused transportation problems across Liguria
CNN  -- Iggy Pop invented punk rock . That 's how cool he is . His songs have been covered by the likes of Guns N ' Roses , REM , The Red Hot Chili Peppers and The Sex Pistols . Iggy Pop : The wildest man in rock music . He is the wildest wild man of rock and his four-decade career has been marked by drug addiction , self mutilation and onstage nudity -- and at 61 years old he is showing no signs of growing old gracefully . Born on April 21 , 1947 , in Muskegon , Michigan , James Newell Osterberg grew up in a trailer park . When he began learning the drums as a teenager his parents gave up their bedroom to house his drum kit . It was n't long before he took his talent out of the bedroom , playing with high-school band The Iguanas , from which he later took his stage name . After graduating from high school in 1965 , Iggy formed a blues band called the Prime Movers . Following a brief stint at the University of Michigan he moved to Chicago , playing drums with local bluesmen , before returning to Michigan with his sights set on fronting a rock band . Watch Iggy Pop show CNN around Miami " In 1967 , he recruited guitarist Ron Asheton , his drummer brother Scott Asheton and bassist Dave Alexander and formed The Psychedelic Stooges . It was after seeing the Doors in concert , and inspired by Jim Morrison 's confrontational stage persona , that James Osterberg reinvented himself as Iggy Pop , a drug-fueled , crazed whirling dervish of a front man , who would strut semi-naked around the stage , roll around in broken glass and dive headlong into the audience . The band shortened its name to The Stooges and released its eponymous debut in 1969 . Right from the start there was clearly something different about Iggy Pop . At the height of flower power , when The Stooges ' contemporaries were singing about peace and love , Iggy was singing "  No Fun " and "  I Wan na Be Your Dog . " See photos of Iggy in action . " The album was a brilliant mess of raw , blues-influenced garage rock , but it sold poorly , as did the 1970 follow up "  Fun House , " later described by Jack White of the White Stripes as "  the definitive rock album of America . " Watch Iggy Pop show CNN around Miami By this time , Iggy had begun the Heroin use that would plague his career and in 1971 , The Stooges split up after being dropped by their record label . That same year , Iggy met David Bowie , who took him to England , re-united The Stooges and produced 1973 's "  Raw Power . " With "  Raw Power , " Iggy and the Stooges created the blueprint for punk rock and made an album that would one day be regarded as a landmark in rock music , an album that Nirvana singer Kurt Cobain listed as his favorite of all time . Nonetheless , it was another commercial failure and in 1974 , The Stooges split again . By this time , Heroin had taken over Iggy 's life and in 1975 he checked himself into a Los Angeles mental institution in an effort to kick the habit . Bowie visited him there and took Iggy along on his 1976 tour , before the pair moved to West Berlin in an effort to get away from the temptation of drugs . It was there that Bowie produced and co-wrote Iggy 's 1977 solo albums , "  The Idiot " and "  Lust for Life . " The latter included the songs "  The Passenger " and "  Lust for Life , " which have since become staples of TV ads and movie soundtracks , spawning countless cover versions . More commercial than The Stooges ' records , Iggy 's solo albums were met with critical acclaim and better sales , but never breakthrough into the mainstream . Songs that Bowie wrote with Iggy during this period were later included on Bowie albums , with "  China Girl " becoming a hit single for Bowie . Iggy carried on touring and releasing albums throughout the 80s , without much commercial success , although the single "  Real Wild Child " was a hit in the U.S. and UK . But by the end of the decade , Iggy was beginning to be recognized as "  the Godfather of Punk , " with a new generation of bands citing him as an influence . Members of Guns N ' Roses and the B52s appeared on his 1990 album "  Brick by Brick , " which sold more than 500,000 copies , and his 2003 album "  Skull Ring " featured the likes of Green Day , Sum 41 and Peaches . But what really made "  Skull Ring " special was that it re-united Iggy with Ron and Scott Asheton of The Stooges . After years on the periphery , Iggy was suddenly fashionable , with the reformed Stooges appearing at festivals all over the world . The band recorded the album "  The Weirdness " in 2007 , but it was their astonishingly powerful live performances that showed why they were still such a big deal 40 years after they started out . Any hopes Iggy may have had for a peaceful retirement in Miami have been dashed . At 61 years old he is still performing with the same energy and abandon as when The Stooges first formed , with only marginally less stage diving and nudity . It seems that the world has finally caught up with Iggy Pop , the most exciting , unpredictable and entertaining man in rock .	Iggy Pop and The Stooges produced three classic albums in the 60s and 70s In 1975 , Iggy checked himself into a mental institution in a bid to get off Heroin David Bowie co-wrote and produced Iggy 's The Idiot and Lust for Life albums The Stooges re-united in 2003 and have since played all over the world
New York  CNN  -- Protesters upset about corporate greed rallied in New York 's Times Square Saturday night , marking the 29th day of a movement that is tapping into popular frustrations about income disparities and an ailing U.S. economy . People hoisted signs in the iconic square and chanted . At one point , police began clearing a part of the street when a van pulled up and officers began making arrests . Police said they had given the crowd several warnings to disperse . Forty-two people were arrested in Times Square , bringing the total number of protesters arrested in New York City on Saturday to 70 , according to Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne . Two police officers were injured in the Times Square confrontation and sent to a hospital for treatment , he said . Other people were arrested during the day for pulling down barriers and five were arrested for wearing masks , Browne said . As police cleared the street , protesters chanted , "  We are peaceful protesters " and "  The whole world is watching . " The demonstration in Times Square was one of several that took place in the United States and around the world on Saturday . Protesters took to the streets again in Lower Manhattan earlier in the day . The group waved flags and banged drums , while keeping up an online presence that has helped spawn similar actions elsewhere . Others joined the demonstrations , yelling slogans of discontent over Wall Street influence , Beltway politics and their own seeming lack of opportunity amid U.S. unemployment levels that continue to hover above 9 % . "  Banks got bailed out , we got sold out , " chanted protesters as they meandered east of the city 's Zuccotti Park , considered a home base for the Manhattan protesters . Columns of police on patrol and atop scooters monitored the march , but as dusk fell , it appeared largely peaceful . Earlier , an "  Occupy Wall Street " spokesman said police made several arrests outside the LaGuardia Place Citibank in Lower Manhattan , after several protesters tried to enter the bank to withdraw cash and close their accounts . Police , meanwhile , said they made 24 arrests after protesters refused to comply with a bank manager 's request for them to leave . On Friday , scores were detained during scuffles with authorities during similar protests in several American cities , including Denver , Seattle , San Diego and Washington . Reports of violence , however , were rare . In Los Angeles , protesters and police alike reported good relations Saturday -- and in recent days . Amber Barrero , 22 , a student , said she has been participating in the Occupy Los Angeles movement since Day One , or October 1 . Police have been quite friendly , Barrerro said . "  When we 're occupying , they donate bread , snacks and water , " said Barrerro , who attended Saturday 's rally in Pershing Square in downtown Los Angeles . Added Mark Simon , 63 , an unemployed bookstore employee : "  So far , they 've been very well behaved . The police are still the police , and they are part of the 99 % , " referring to the vast majority of Americans enduring a troubled economy . As demonstrators walked the near mile from City Hall to Pershing Square -- and then back -- police were peppered on the periphery , and there were many moments when none was in sight . John Sherman , assistant commanding officer of the Los Angeles Police Department , said the force established a working relationship with the protesters , and "  they approached us in the very beginning , " he said . Added one officer : "  We 're continuing to have a good relationship with Occupy L.A. . If we get too close , they may feel threatened . They 're cooperating with us , so we 're cooperating with them . " Among the more distinctive figures at the Pershing Square rally was Rev. Danny Fisher , a minister at a Buddhist temple in Rosemead , who wore his full vestment . "  Religious leaders often speak very idealistically , but I think it 's important to be available and let people know we hear them and we know they 're upset , " he said . He wore his vestment so "  people know they can approach us and see that religious figures are here , " he added . In Lower Manhattan Saturday , union groups such as the United Auto Workers also joined the loosely defined movement . "  I know why I 'm here , " said New Jersey resident Tony Buontempo . "  I am surrounded by people that are losing their jobs . The government , the establishment , does n't get it . They 've literally abandoned us . " Melissa Rice , a college-age protester , said she was marching "  for all the young people who ... ca n't afford college , and all the elderly who ca n't afford to take care of themselves . " Protester Jonathan Signey claims the monthlong protests are "  rooted in targeting those financial institutions that tanked our economy in 2008 , made a profit out of it , and have not been held accountable by anybody . " Signey argued that "  corporate power has come to dominate politics " and blamed institutions such as the investment firm Goldman Sachs for "  selling these packages of derivatives , that they knew were junk , to everybody , and at the same time betting against them . " Goldman and other firms underwent intense scrutiny in April this year after a U.S. Senate report found that it had misled clients and later Congress about short-selling securities linked to the housing market just prior to the 2008 financial crisis . The investment house has said the report exaggerated the bets , and -- along with other firms -- has been subject to high job losses in the wake of the crisis . Earlier this week , the New York state comptroller announced that Wall Street was projected to lose 10,000 jobs by the end of next year , totaling 32,000 from January 2008 to the end of 2012 . Demonstrators , meanwhile , continued to congregate at the privately owned Zuccotti Park , serving food and holding signs in protest of corporate greed and a long list of other , often ambiguously defined , concerns . "  Debt is slavery , " one sign read . "  Need over greed , " read another . On Friday , the demonstrations seemed to pick up steam around the country , then began spreading to city streets in Europe , Asia and Australia . Firefighters battled a blaze at an Interior Ministry building near Porta San Giovanni in Rome on Saturday , the main gathering site of Italian protesters taking part in the Occupy movement . In Germany , France and the United Kingdom , protesters marched , listened to speeches and displayed banners reading anti-corporate slogans , including the now ubiquitous "  we are the 99 % , " "  Banks are cancer , " and "  tax the rich 1 % . ' " Europeans turned out amid debt troubles and austerity plans in Greece , Belgium , Italy , Spain , Ireland , Portugal and Germany , that analysts say have contributed to volatility in U.S. markets . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt and Logan Burruss contributed to this report from New York . Zohreen Adamjee and Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	NEW : New York police arrest 70 protesters , including 42 in Times Square NEW : Two police officers are injured NEW : Protesters are upset about corporate greed and the economy Protesters , police report good relations in Los Angeles
CNN  -- The powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake that struck northern Chile on Tuesday night came after a series of quakes had shaken the Los Angeles area in recent weeks . Could there be a link between these recent seismic events ? Do they portend a larger and perhaps more dire planetary crisis ? A sign that a tectonic doomsday may soon be upon us ? "  No , " said Dr. Gavin Hayes , a geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey 's National Earthquake Information Center . "  Totally unrelated , " agreed Cal Tech geophysicist Mark Simons . "  The most important thing everyone needs to remember is these are two of some of the most seismologically active places in the world , " CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . So you can rest a little easier , Californians . Your state and Chile lie on different faults that "  are too far apart " for the earthquakes to be linked , according to Hayes . Chile 's latest quake occurred between the Nazca and South America plates along the Peru-Chile Trench , a region that "  has produced some of the largest earthquakes in the world , " according to the USGS website . The Los Angeles-area quakes occurred within the Puente Hills thrust zone , which while not as large or as well-known as California 's infamous San Andreas fault , is potentially as destructive because of its precarious location under downtown Los Angeles , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . As for why the quakes all occurred around the same time period : "  It 's just a natural cycle of seismicity , " Hayes said . But even though the earthquakes are not linked , anyone living in "  seismologically active places " should nevertheless always be prepared . "  Angelinos should use what 's been going on in the last few weeks as a reminder to get their stuff in order so they are not surprised , " Simons said . Chile quake was big , but a bigger one awaits	Southern California was rattled by temblors for weeks before big quake in Chile The two sites lie on different faults , so the seismic activity is not related , scientists say The cluster of quakes is "  just a natural cycle of seismicity , " experts says
The Frisky  -- It did n't start out this way , but I 'm in a long-distance relationship . Having your boyfriend live 1,300 miles away is n't ideal , but as far as problems in relationships go , things could be much worse : He could be in Australia or I could have caught him cheating on me with various tattooed women after I won an Academy Award and adopted a baby . So , this is n't some sappy , romantic article on ways to "  Survive Your Long-Distance Relationship . " Here 's the real problem : a third party has entered my relationship , causing fights , miscommunication and anxiety . She 's sleek , sexy and smooth . Her name is ... the iPhone 3G . When your beloved lives a plane ride away , the phone becomes your main source of staying connected , but iPhone -- you are making this a challenge ... am I just supposed to turn the other cheek because you are an otherwise wonderful multi-media device ? Both my boyfriend and I have an iPhone . For those of you who are owners , you know it is notorious for dropping calls , having terrible reception , and overall , they 're really awesome for playing Plants vs. Zombies and Sudoku , but for actual phone use , my five-pound Motorola from 1997 worked better . In all seriousness , these technical difficulties have either caused arguments or added to an already tense moment . For instance , the other day we were having a little argument over GChat , when he all of the sudden logged off -- which , in instant messaging terms , is the equivalent of hanging up the phone or getting the door slammed in your face . OH . NO . HE . DID N'T . But apparently , he had logged off to call me , and my phone did n't even ring . He 's thinking , "  What the hell , pick up the phone ! " This goes on for a while , until I get a "  voicemail " notification that he called . I tried calling him back , but none of the phone calls would go through . The final blow was when I got a delayed text from him saying : "  I tried to call you . Where did you go ? " AHHH ! Eventually , we managed to reach each other and everything was totally fine , but if it were n't for our iPhones , those two hours of anxiety would have never happened . Because so many people have been complaining about the poor service , AT&T has introduced a reception tower to place in your home or office that amps up your reception . Initially , I thought : Yes ! A solution ! But then the bitterness set in . Let me get this straight : I not only paid $ 300 for a "  superior " phone , I also shell out over $ 100 a month in fees . Now you want me to fork over another $ 150 so I can get service ? I 'm insulted . I 'm still undecided on what to do . I know there is Skype and video chatting , among other sources of technological-aided communication , but I 'm stubborn , and I want to be able to call my boyfriend when I want to . It 's a simple request . So , I guess -- deep in my heart -- I know the solution : I just have to wait for the iPhone 4G to come out . I 'm sure that will solve everything . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	The iPhone is notorious for dropping calls and having terrible reception Technical difficulties have caused arguments and added to already tense moments AT&T has introduced a reception tower to place in your home or office
CNN  -- As royalty from different parts of the world converged on the Netherlands to watch the monarchy change hands , some of the guests there may have been thinking ahead to the day when they get the top job back home . In Europe , most monarchs are getting old and have been on their thrones for years . Their offspring are grown up and are now waiting in the wings to take their respective crowns . Britain 's Prince Charles was in Amsterdam to watch Queen Beatrix hand over to her 46-year-old son Willem-Alexander . He was also in the Netherlands when Beatrix herself took the throne from her mother 33 years ago on Queen Juliana 's abdication . Charles 's new Dutch counterpart is Amalia , The Princess of Orange , who is nine . Was Charles wondering when his turn would come ? Perhaps , but that of course would involve the death of his mother , Queen Elizabeth II . One thing is for sure -- his 61-year wait as heir to the throne wo n't end with the abdication of his mother . To the British royals , the word "  abdication " brings back painful memories of the 1936 crisis when King Edward VIII was forced to relinquish his throne so he could marry the divorced American socialite Wallis Simpson and relinquished his throne . Queen Elizabeth will never abdicate . The other long-serving European Queen , Margrethe of Denmark also sees it as a job for life . However , both Margrethe and Elizabeth are handing more responsibilities to their heirs . One option might be for them to appoint their sons Princes Regent which would mean they would be in charge of royal duties while their mothers kept the title . Crown princes and princesses across Europe look ready to take on the task of modern-day monarchy with all the burdens that some believe can only be carried by younger royals . Opinion : Dutch monarchs teach world 's royalty In Spain , 75-year-old year old King Juan Carlos 's popularity has waned . And that 's led to suggestions , even among monarchists , that his heir , Crown Prince Felipe and his wife Letizia take over the throne . In Sweden , King Carl Gustaf is 67 . He 's been on the throne for 40 years and has recently been scandalized in the press . His heir , Crown Princess Victoria is married to Prince Daniel and has a baby daughter , Princess Estelle , as the next two generations there take shape . And over in Norway , King Harald is in his mid-70s with an heir who will be 40 in July . Crown Prince Haakon is married to Princess Mette-Marit . The couple have had two children . iReport : Happy crowds applaud new king All of these heirs also have something in common that makes them appealing to a modern , more relaxed generation . They have all married outside the aristocracy , making them more accessible and relevant to younger subjects . But while the precedent of abdication has set in the Netherlands , it has n't yet taken hold elsewhere . However , in an age when the pope resigns , do n't be surprised if other older royals take some sort of cue from Beatrix .	Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands hands over the crown to her son Older monarchs are on the thrones in Britain , Spain , Sweden , Norway , Denmark and Belgium Some analysts say the younger generation is best suited for the demands of modern monarchies
Miami  CNN  Inside a plane at Miami International Airport , baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers ' bags . What they do n't know is that they are being recorded on a hidden camera . The Miami-Dade Police Department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . "  It 's a problem we all face , " said police Lt. Pete Estis . "  We will continue to be proactive until we can see that the claims of pilfering through luggage will actually decrease . " Miami Aviation Director Emilio T. González said the insider theft cases "  are indeed the exception among the thousands of decent , hardworking employees at MIA , and they have been prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for their crimes . " And these insider thefts just do n't happen in Miami . A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA from 2010 to 2014 shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables , mostly packed in checked luggage . The rest occurred at security checkpoints . Total property loss claimed : $ 2.5 million . John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York topped the list of airports with the most claims of thefts from luggage , followed by Los Angeles International , Orlando International and Miami International , according to the data . The problem has been so serious at JFK that in 2013 , El Al Airlines set up a hidden camera in a baggage hold . The camera showed baggage handlers stealing items on flights bound for Israel , including a $ 5,000 Seiko watch , iPhones , an iPad , cameras , gold rings and cash . Six of those arrested pleaded guilty to possession of stolen property or petty larceny and the seventh suspect 's case was sealed , according to the Queens District Attorney 's Office . The high-profile case , though , did n't stop the thefts . Two more baggage handlers at JFK were arrested in 2014 after authorities said they stole two designer handbags from a suitcase , and then tried to sell them on eBay . Then , in December , seven more JFK baggage handlers were charged with stealing valuables from checked luggage . The items were stolen from suitcases of passengers traveling to or from Hawaii , Japan , Johannesburg , London , Bangkok , Dubai , Milan and various U.S. cities . In Miami , which aggressively goes after luggage thieves , police have arrested 31 baggage handlers and ramp workers since 2012 , including six so far this year . Police set up a hidden camera inside the belly of a plane last year and caught baggage handlers rifling through luggage and stealing various items . Another hidden camera caught a baggage handler rummaging through bags in a secure luggage room inside the airport while a security guard looked the other way . "  Insider threat is very scary for us in law enforcement , and certainly someone taking somebody 's cell phone , iPad , computer -- what 's next ? " Estis said . A CNN investigation earlier this year found that Miami and Orlando are the only two major airports in the country that require employees to be screened through metal detectors . Miami even checks employees when they leave work to go into the main terminal . But that apparently has n't stopped the luggage thieves . "  As far as being able to get the property off the airfield , that 's a great question , " Estis said . "  We have theories . " In Los Angeles , police last year executed search warrants on 25 locations after getting complaints about thefts in two terminals . Among the valuables found were computers , watches , jewelry and cameras and designer bags . Sixteen airport workers were fired . "  We cut theft in those two terminals by 60 % because of doing that aggressive investigative work , " said Patrick Gannon , police chief of Los Angeles International Airport . Luggage theft could definitely lead to more serious problems , he said . "  I absolutely think that if we do n't pay attention to the small things that happen around here , that it could lead to much larger things . So there is , I believe , a connection between baggage theft and terrorism , " Gannon said . Even the TSA has had problem employees . Since 2002 , the agency has fired 513 officers for theft . It employs about 50,000 officers today , and last year screened more than 443 million checked bags and nearly 1.7 billion carry-ons . DA : Guns smuggled on planes by Delta employee ` egregious ' security breach Luggage theft is n't confined to airport workers . Outsiders have been caught on surveillance cameras stealing luggage from carousels . CNN contacted airports around the country and found while the total thefts from carousels are relatively low , it continues to be a problem . For example , Seattle reported 214 luggage thefts from carousels and other airport locations last year , 200 in Las Vegas , 36 in Atlanta , 35 in Phoenix , 15 at Ronald Reagan Washington National , 14 at Dulles International and 10 at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport . Odd TSA finds CNN 's Harmeet Kaur and Yasmin Khorram contributed to this report .	TSA received more than 30,000 claims of missing valuables between 2010-2014 Most of the missing valuables were packed in checked luggage Miami-Dade police set up hidden cameras as part of sting
CNN  -- More than $ 60,000 worth of computers , jewelry and personal items have been stolen from the Palo Alto , California , home of the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs . Kariem McFarlin , 35 , of Alameda was arrested and charged with residential burglary and selling stolen property , according to Scott Tsui , supervising deputy district attorney for Santa Clara County . McFarlin remains in the Santa Clara County jail on $ 500,000 bail pending a court hearing on Monday , Tsui said . The break-in occurred July 17 , although details of the burglary and McFarlin 's August 2 arrest are now just becoming public . The house was being renovated last month , and nobody was home at the time , Tsui said . Report : iPhone 5 to go on sale September 21 The prosecutor said McFarlin was likely unaware of the home 's significance . "  It appears to be a random deal , " he told CNN . "  We do n't have anything to show that  Jobs ' family  was targeted . " Tsui declined to provide details about exactly what was taken from the house . But a report in the San Jose Mercury News says that the burglar made off with iPads , iPhones , Macs , Tiffany jewelry , Beats headphones and Cristal Champagne , among other items . He also took Steve Jobs ' wallet , which contained his drivers ' license and $ 1 , the Mercury News reported . Police tracked McFarlin down through the use of the stolen computer equipment , Tsui said . He declined to provide more specifics . McFarlin , a former San Jose State football player , could face a maximum prison sentence of seven years and eight months . He has confessed and has written a letter of apology to Steve Jobs ' widow , Laurene Powell , the Mercury News reported . Jobs , the longtime Apple CEO , died in October at age 56 after a long bout with cancer . He shared the two-story , red-brick home with Powell and their three children . An Apple representative contacted by CNN declined comment . In his recent book "  Steve Jobs , " biographer Walter Isaacson describes the house as on a corner in a "  family-friendly neighborhood " of old Palo Alto . Jobs bought the home in the early 1990s . "  It was a privileged realm ... but the homes were not ostentatious , and there were no high hedges or long drives shielding them from view , " Isaacson wrote . 9 on trial in China in kidney for iPad case How to protect your cloud data from hacks CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	More than $ 60,000 worth of computers , other items stolen from Steve Jobs ' home Alameda , California , man arrested and charged with burglary , selling stolen property Break-in occurred July 17 , although details and arrest are now just becoming public
Calling all iReporters : Have you ever wanted to write for CNN.com ? Well here 's your chance to get a CNN.com byline and improve your journalism skills along the way . Over the next seven weeks , you will be building a story from start to finish and working with some of the best journalists in the business along the way . Each week , CNN experts will take you through the basic steps of storytelling -- from picking your story to shooting and editing photos and videos and wrapping the package with a killer headline . At the end of each week , 10 iReporters will get one-on-one feedback from specially selected CNN experts in each area , and everyone will get a chance to ask the experts questions at the weekly roundtables . When boot camp is over , you will have a completed story with all the bells and whistles . And the best stories have a chance of being published on CNN.com . How does it work ? Starting Friday , August 12 , we 'll launch a new topic every Friday . We will publish tips from CNN experts on that topic and open up that week 's iReport assignment , which will cover each step of the storytelling process . You will have until the following Monday at noon ET to submit your iReport . Once submitted , CNN experts , along with the iReport team and the iReport community , will evaluate your iReport for that week . Every Wednesday , a select group of iReporters  Core iReports as we 'll call them  will submit their top picks for that week , which you can find linked on the boot camp launch page . On Thursday , the CNN expert for that week with give feedback on a handful of the submissions , answer any questions you might have and share additional thoughts and suggestions through a roundtable discussion , which you 'll find on the iReport boot camp page . How can I participate ? Anyone can participate . Just take note of when each topic launches , which will be every Friday for the next seven weeks . Then submit the appropriate assignment by its deadline and tune in every Wednesday and Thursday for feedback from the community and CNN experts . Those who participate every week will have a better chance of getting their story featured on CNN.com . What are the topics ? And what 's the schedule ? Even though the assignments wo n't open until the tips post is published , you will still be able to check it out , so plan ahead . Make sure to keep checking the boot camp launch page for continued updates on the assignments and topics . Week 1 : Pick your story : Launches August 13 , roundtable August 18 . Week 2 : Find your sources : Launches August 19 , roundtable , August 25 . Week 3 : Interviewing : Launches August 26 , roundtable September 1 . Week 4 : Capturing images : Launches September 2 , roundtable September 8 . Week 5 : Photo and video post-production : Launches September 9 , roundtable September 15 . Week 6 : Editing : Launches September 16 , roundtable September 22 . Week 7 : Headlines and story building : Launches September 23 , roundtable September 29 . We 'll announce specific times for the Thursday roundtable discussions as we get closer to the actual dates . Remember to tune in every Wednesday for feedback from our Core iReporters . And on September 30 , we will announce the iReporters who got their story published on CNN.com . Who are the experts ? From CNN.com 's Senior Supervising Producer Manuel Perez to CNN Director of Photography Mark Hill , we have tapped some of the best in the business to help you become a better journalist . And some of those familiar TV personalities will be sharing their secrets as well . So in the meantime , check out all the assignments and start thinking about what story you want to cover .	Boot camp gives iReporters a chance to freshen up on their storytelling skills Starting August 12 for seven weeks , CNN experts will review the basics of storytelling There 's a chance to get one-on-one feedback from CNN experts in each area
CNN  -- Darren Clarke holds a one-stroke lead going into the final round of the British Open at Royal St George 's , Sandwich , as the Northern Irishman carded a one-under-par 69 to defy the wind and rain that plagued the early part of the day . The 42-year-old , who has never won a major championship , is now just 18 holes away from breaking that duck , as he lies on a five-under-par total of 205 , one of just six players to be under par after three rounds . Clarke , who is looking to go one better than his second place in the 1997 British Open , will be paired alongside American Dustin Johnson on the final Sunday , after the 27-year-old from South Carolina posted a joint-best 68 for a 54-hole total of 206  -4  . Numbers game : British Open stats you need to know Johnson is also seeking his first major success , although he was deprived of a possible win in last year 's U.S PGA Championship when he was controversially penalised two shots in the final round for grounding his club in a bunker . The only other player to shoot under 70 was American Rickie Fowler -- and the Ryder Cup star 's 68 was enough to put him joint third with veteran Dane Thomas Bjorn on 208 , three strokes behind Clarke . Spain 's Miguel Angel Jimenez  72  and joint overnight leader Lucas Glover  73  are another stroke behind to complete the sextet who remain under par . Clarke , who is bidding to become the third Northern Irishman to win a major tournament in just over a year , following the achievements of compatriots Graeme McDowell and McIlory , told the official European Tour website : "  From tee to green I ca n't really play any better than that . Ugly and unforgiving : Why Britain offers golf 's toughest test "  I had one of those days where I had full control of my ball flight , although I did n't have the speed with my putting at all . But if somebody had said before the start I could have a 69 , I would have bitten their hand off . " The popular Clarke was cheered loudly throughout his round and he commented on the support : "  I think most of the crowd identify with a guy who 's not quite an athlete and likes a pint ! "  I have a chance to realise a dream now and that would be fantastic . I have been fortunate to win Ryder Cups and world championships , but a major has so far eluded me , " he added . The third round began in terrible weather conditions , making low scoring practically impossible , although the wind and rain did ease up later in the day to make for a more benign atmosphere for the later starters . Among those players whose chance of victory were swept away with the wind and rain were Paul Casey  78  , Pablo Larrazabal  76  , Masters champion Charl Schwartzel  75  , defending champion Louis Oosthuizen  74  and tournament favorite Rory McIlory  74  . However , world number three Martin Kaymer remains in touch on level par despite carding a three-over-par 73 , while former world No. 1 Phil Mickelson shot a superb 71 to also lie on level par .	Darren Clarke leads British Open by one shot after carding a one-under 69 Clarke is ahead of American Dustin Johnson  68  as just six players lie under par Ricky Fowler also carded a 68 and lies joint third with Dane Thomas Bjorn
Travel + Leisure  -- Alice Temperley likes to camp . Which is why the British fashion designer , who escapes her London workshop to rusticate in a tepee on her Somerset country estate , was recently commissioned by One & Only Le Saint Géran to erect a similar structure on their beach in Mauritius . "  It 's escapism to the nth degree , " says designer Bill Bensley of the tents at the Four Seasons Tented Camp , in Thailand 's Golden Triangle . The 17-foot-high tepee is decked out with beads , streaming ribbons , and embroidered patches -- a look Temperley likens to "  a jewelry box that glistens in the sand . " The resort offers cookouts by the tent -- marshmallows included -- served by a liveried butler . By any definition , this is an indulgent experience , but given its availability in a structure originally designed for the life nomadic , it signals a shift in our perception of both luxury and escapism . Suddenly , a heightened sense of well-being may owe less to four sheltering walls than to a temporary shedding , not just of our inhibitions but also of all the weighty paraphernalia that clutters up a sedentary life . Tents pitched in far-flung locales have always had romantic cachet -- who could forget Meryl Streep and Robert Redford in "  Out of Africa . " And now there 's a trend of textile pleasure domes being adapted for use in diverse settings across the globe . "  They provide an experience that you could miss in an ordinary concrete box , " says designer Bill Bensley of the tents at the Four Seasons Tented Camp , in Thailand 's Golden Triangle . "  Guests can hear the sound of elephants munching their way through the jungle . It 's escapism to the nth degree . " Travel + Leisure : See the world 's best tented camps That sentiment is evident in Bensley 's design for the resort . He drew inspiration from northern Thailand 's hill-tribe villages as well as camps he visited in Botswana , and he filled the 15 tents with metal craftwork from local artisans , along with explorer-themed antiques  an old compass , rifles , primitive fishing tools  . Like Temperley , Nairobi-based fashion designer Anna Trzebinski is also dabbling in the world of hotels , opening the tented Lemarti 's Camp near Kenya 's Laikipia Plateau last year . She stitches tents of locally loomed cotton in the same workshop where she creates beaded tunics and accessories inspired by indigenous Kenyan designs . Set on platforms above a river bend , the camp 's tents are furnished with tables and beds built with wood from dhow boats , and decorated with African-themed found objets d'art : crocodile skulls , elephant shoulder blades , beaded walking sticks and clubs . "  For me , a tent should be the veil between you and Mother Africa , a sheer shield to protect but not in any way disconnect you from her presence . To be under canvas on a comfortable bed , with the smell of acacia blossoms -- in the old safari days this was intoxicating enough , but now we have the ability to improve on the concept . " And that 's exactly what Banyan Tree is doing with one of its latest resorts , the Banyan Tree Maldives Madivaru , on a coral atoll in the Maldives . Created by Dharmali Kusumadi , one of the group 's head designers , it 's by far the most cosseting tented property available today . Only 18 guests at a time can stay on the private island . Rooms come in the form of three conjoined tents facing a cobalt-blue lagoon : a king-size platform bed dominates the air-conditioned sleeping tent , while the bathing pavilion has a claw-foot tub . A butler and massage therapist are at guests ' beck and call . Spas , too , are employing tents to help travelers abandon worldly cares . In Arizona 's Sonoran Desert , Miraval Tucson Resort & Spa guests take treatments in one of six new tents styled by Irish-born designer Clodagh . "  For me , a tent evokes impermanence , " she says . "  It reflects the impermanence of the spa treatment as well . " Set in a botanical garden shaded by paloverde trees , each of the tents has natural cleft-stone flooring , an acacia-wood bench , and walls made of saguaro and ocotillo cacti . Tipping the indulgence scale , Taj Hotels ' Rambagh Palace , in Jaipur , has put up two new spa suite tents patterned after a 16th-century Mughal encampment . When India 's royalty went camping , their tasseled tents were made of velvet and embroidered silk . Devised by husband-and-wife hotel design team Amit and Shalini Gehlot , the billowing pavilions contain handwoven carpets , royal pennants , and love swings made from salvaged shesham wood . And if that 's not adequate escapism , this month Taj opens Banjaar Tola , a safari lodge with 18 tented suites in the bamboo forests of Madhya Pradesh , a four-hour drive from Jabalpur . Created by one of India 's top architects , Sanjay Prakash , each tent has bamboo floors , solar-powered heated pools , and traditional artwork from nearby Chattisgarh . Definitely fit for a mogul on the move . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved . Shane Mitchell is a special correspondent for Travel + Leisure .	A resort in Mauritius commissioned a 17-foot-high tepee from a fashion designer Textile shelters are being adapted for use in diverse settings across the globe The tented Lemarti 's Camp near Kenya 's Laikipia Plateau opened last year
CNN  -- What do drug addicts , serial dieters and children from troubled homes have in common ? More than you might think . Stress can play a pernicious role in triggering a vicious cycle that leaves these groups overwhelmed by uncontrollable impulses and distracted by negative feelings -- all of which may , in turn , spark subsequent cycles of relapse , bingeing and failure . Through a career that spans almost three decades , Rajita Sinha , psychologist and head of the Yale Stress Center , has sought to understand the processes underlying these stress cycles in hopes they may one day be prevented . The dance of human emotions For Sinha , it all began with emotions . She was 9 years old and living in her native India when she began training in classical Indian dance , which is heavily focused on experiencing and expressing emotions . Indian dancers use facial expressions and hand gestures to tell the stories of people 's sacred lives . "  Dancing tied me to the powerful effects of our emotions , " she recalls . Psychology plus ballet : Meet ` Dr. Dancer ' Sinha practiced the art form through college , growing ever more fascinated by how brain and physiology affect emotions and how emotions motivate behavior . She started her career by working with individual emotions such as anger and sadness , examining how they affect the body and change our response to different stimuli in the environment . What she observed back then was that people do n't generally have pure emotions -- that is , they do n't feel just angry or fearful -- but that their emotions are often mixed . "  If you asked them how they were feeling , they would say they were stressed or upset , " she says . She set out to understand how emotions work together , both to protect us and to cause the stress that can wear us down . The habit of addiction In 1994 Sinha was running the substance abuse treatment unit at Yale . As the clinical director , she was doing research on cognitive behavioral treatments that taught recovering addicts how to identify problems and overcome cravings . Although the research showed that these skills worked , they tended to have only modest effects ; a number of people benefited , but that number was not large . "  I would run these groups in my clinic and see the same individuals come back over and over again , " Sinha recalls . "  They would tell me , ' I know what I 'm supposed to do , I have these skills , but when I 'm out there and something happens , I just ca n't help myself . ' " "  The biggest challenge with addiction , of course , is relapse , and I set out to understand what drives relapse ; what brings these behaviors back . " It became clear that there was often a threshold moment during which some kind of a challenge or trigger prevented the recovering person from accessing his or her cognitive resources . The way the emotions were flooding the person somehow led to a greater risk of relapse . In each case , Sinha observed that stress played a pivotal role in the loss of control . Clearly Sinha and her colleagues could n't be out there with each person as he or she was relapsing , but they set out to replicate the behavior in a laboratory setting . "  We began to bring addicted people in recovery into the lab and gave them a series of challenges in controlled experiments . We found that when addicted individuals were under stress , they almost automatically wanted to start using drugs again . " The research began to establish a clear pattern of stress-induced craving for drugs -- both for those early in recovery and those who were actively using . And it was n't just higher levels of anxiety and negative emotions that were making the recovering addicts seek relief from the stress ; there was also a parallel process happening -- the stress was actually escalating the craving for the drug . Replacing addiction with a healthy obsession Subsequent experiments showed that stress played an important role in the loss of self-control across a spectrum of behaviors , including gambling and the consumption of tobacco , alcohol and food . "  We started to look into the brain to see what was happening and found that during those periods of arousal , the ` habit ' regions in the brain were activated , " Sinha says . She and her colleagues spent a lot of time teasing apart this mechanism in an attempt to figure out how to break the cycle of addiction . "  We have lots of habits that are very important for survival . It 's a very evolutionarily hard-wired response that comes from a primitive need to respond very quickly . It 's very hard to break that link . " Drugs , food and habitual behaviors all have a direct effect on the biology of stress . It 's a feed-forward model , Sinha observes . Her research has shown that stress begets more stress . This is of particular concern because there 's a direct link between stress , anxiety , depression and chronic disease . "  We are now studying medications and interventions that both downgrade stress and decrease the promotion of habits , " she says . "  We are going after stress-induced cravings , thinking that if you target those cravings , you may be able to stop relapse . " Stress and the brain While we have long known about the connection between addiction and stress , and how stress can increase our susceptibility to chronic diseases , we have only recently begun to understand the biological mechanisms . Stress triggers the evolutionary "  fight or flight " arousal response , where the whole body gears up to move quickly to get out of danger . As part of this arousal , the body releases the stress hormone cortisol and ramps up by using our energy stores , which release glucose and insulin so that muscles have the energy to deal with the stress . Substances like alcohol , nicotine and cocaine -- and high-fat , high-calorie comfort foods -- can serve as powerful modifiers of the stress system . They change our stress pathways and affect the way we are able to control our response . The brain area most vulnerable to stress , including early childhood stress , is the prefrontal cortex , which is crucial for metabolic homeostasis , or stability , as well as for survival and adaptation . Stress we face as children stays with us "  The prefrontal cortex is also the region important for self-regulatory activities of all kinds , both emotional and cognitive , including impulse control , and regulation of emotion , cognition and desires , " says Sinha . Constant battering by stress wears down our ability to counteract potentially dangerous desires , such as cravings for addictive substances or foods . Control over impulsive and dangerous behavior may also wane . This is the dynamic that places children from troubled home environments , and people suffering from addictions , most at risk . The buck stops here The Yale Stress Center 's clinical practice offers both behavioral and physical health care that incorporates traditional interventions like medication and therapy , along with alternative ones , such as yoga , mindfulness meditation , acupuncture and biofeedback . "  We are finding that stress reduction interventions like mindfulness-based meditation can be extremely helpful to impact the stress cycle , " observes Sinha . "  But the difficulty is that meditation on its own may not be enough to help addicted individuals . " And so Sinha and her colleagues are continuing to develop multipronged interventions that may also include coaching , physical therapy and medications . Using downward dogs to treat depression Sinha 's work , which started with the interaction between stress and addictive behavior , eventually expanded to include the gamut of behavioral addictions , from food to gambling to sex . She has also begun contemplating the effects of stress on motivated behaviors , both healthy and unhealthy , such as exercise and proper nutrition . She is particularly interested in food addiction right now ; she 's concerned about the obesity epidemic and stress-induced eating . She agrees that social and public health interventions are very important . When the cigarette tax was implemented and smoking was banned from public places , there was a dramatic drop in use . However , there are still a substantial number of people smoking . "  And you really ca n't ban alcohol and high-fat foods . The buck has to stop at the individual level . My interest is in the connection between stress and behavior , and in finding ways to strengthen the mind and body so that we can resist both mental and physical disease . " Sinha is not dancing much these days . "  I am completely engaged with my work , " she says . "  But I find it interesting that the dancing I did as a child and young person became the cornerstone of my work , that it shaped my career the way that it did . " And as Sinha finds herself in a clinical care practice that includes yoga and mindfulness , she often feels as though she has come full circle , because "  part of classical Indian dance is based on yogic principles . " In its own way , she says , it has been an interesting and unexpected journey back home . Follow Amanda Enayati on Twitter or Facebook .	Rajita Sinha is a psychologist and head of the Yale Stress Center Stress can leave people overwhelmed and unable to cope with cravings Addiction , overeating and other behaviors are all affected by stress levels
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Indian owners of car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover  JLR  have agreed to pump "  tens of millions " of dollars into the luxury car brand to prevent a cash flow crisis , it was reported Monday . Jaguar Land Rover was bought by the Indian company Tata earlier this year for $ 2.3 billion . The moves comes as the British government ponders a public-funded bailout of the West Midlands-based automaker , the Financial Times newspaper said . Tata , which bought JLR earlier this year , warned its support for the UK subsidiary did not negate the argument that the British government should provide bridging loans and credit guarantees to help the company and the car sector as a whole through the current financial difficulties , the FT said . Last week , the ailing "  big three " automakers in the U.S. were given a boost when the Bush administration agreed a $ 13.4 billion loan package . Now British Business Secretary Lord Mandelson has come under pressure to come up with a similar package for UK manufacturers . JLR employs 15,000 workers in Britain and is seen as a vital contributor to the West Midlands regional economy in particular . However , the business secretary at the weekend reiterated that the state had to be a "  lender of last resort , " only after Tata has looked to its own resources , the FT reported . Any state support would be conditional on the due diligence on the Indian parent company being conducted by the government 's City advisers , according to officials . A spokesman for Lord Mandelson 's Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform told the British Press Association : "  The Government does n't have an open cheque-book to bail out ailing companies , but we are doing all we can to help businesses overcome the current challenges . "  Jaguar Land Rover have owners who are well resourced and have the first responsibility to sustain the companies they own . " According to the FT , accountancy firm KPMG and investment bank NM Rothschild have been called in to advise the UK government on the Indian group 's complex finances and to assess demands from the car sector .	Tata bought the British-based luxury car maker earlier this year UK government also pondering a public-funded bailout of the company JLR employs around 15,000 workers in Britain
EW.com  -- In its short , sweet first season , Shonda Rhimes ' Scandal introduced powerhouse political fixer Olivia Pope  Kerry Washington  and her powerful associates , including President Fitzgerald "  Fitz " Grant himself  Tony Goldwyn  . Before "  Scandal 's " Blu-ray/DVD hits stores tomorrow , Washington shared with EW her favorite moments from the D.C. drama , discussed her electrifying chemistry with Goldwyn , and even dished on season 2 . Though Washington claimed to love the "  dirty work of acting , " she clearly prefers watching co-star Guillermo Diaz "  torture " another actor rather than the steamy scene she shared with Goldwyn . "  That stuff is not fun , at all , " she said . "  Those are private moments . But that 's what acting is -- it 's about ... having the courage to allow your audience into the private moments of your characters ' lives . Those are difficult . " Another kind of torture ? Not letting herself be paralyzed by the knowledge the man with whom she 's steaming up the small screen is happily married . It 's just an occupational hazard , though : "  Anybody who cares about somebody who has to do scenes like that -LSB- has to be -RSB- really compassionate . " She adds , "  Tony 's very in love with his wife and his daughters , who I 've met . It 's all good ! " Never fear , Fitz fans ! Washington assured , "  I know Tony 's still going to be around " when the show resumes filming in July . But that does n't mean all Olivia 's relationships are secure . How will Olivia react when she learns what peppy underling Quinn has been hiding ? "  A lot of that depends on who she is , " said Washington . "  I do n't think Olivia makes decisions on how to treat people or how to navigate a situation blindly . She really takes into account the circumstance at hand . " "  Scandal " season 1 comes out on Blu-ray/DVD tomorrow . See full story and exclusive video at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kerry Washington portrays Olivia Pope on the series "  Scandal " She says she loves "  the dirty work of acting " Assures fans that actor who plays the president will be back next season
Madrid  CNN  -- The Las Vegas Sands Corp. finally made it official : Madrid will be the site of its next multibillion dollar casino and hotel complex and not Barcelona , which just hours before the announcement said it would build its own , smaller gambling resort . "  Barcelona is an outstanding tourism destination and choosing Madrid over Barcelona was not an easy selection , " Las Vegas Sands chairman and CEO Sheldon Adelson said in statement late Friday in Las Vegas . Spaniards have dubbed the project "  EuroVegas " and news media have focused almost daily headlines on the fierce competition between Madrid , the nation 's capital , and Barcelona , the second-largest city , to win the project . The battle came amid the nation 's deep economic crisis , with an unemployment rate of more than 24 % overall and more than 50 % for Spanish youth . The Las Vegas Sands project promised to generate up to 250,000 jobs , reports say . Plans indicate the project would be an approximately 18 billion euros  $ 22 billion  development with 12 hotels including 36,000 rooms , six casinos and three golf courses to be built over a decade . But Las Vegas Sands Corp. would provide only up to 35 % of the equity , and the company said the final size of the project , its specific location in Madrid and financing options still need to be determined . Spain is in the process of receiving up to a 100-billion euro bailout from European authorities for some of the country 's weakest banks , which ran up huge debts when the decade-long property boom crashed . Even at the healthiest banks here , credit is still tight . Critics of the gambling complex say it 's the wrong kind of development model for a country trying to pull out of recession . The hotel and casino jobs , critics say , would be mainly low-skilled and low paying , besides attracting organized crime to Spain , which is already one of the world 's top tourist destinations . Earlier Friday , the Catalan regional government , whose capital is Barcelona , announced its own gambling resort , called Barcelona World , to be built near the city around an existing amusement park . Barcelona World would be a 4.5 billion euros  $ 5.7 billion  investment , with six hotels and six casinos , enough to generate 20,000 jobs , about a fourth of the investment of EuroVegas in Madrid . Weeks ago , Las Vegas Sands indicated it would say in early September whether it had chosen Madrid or Barcelona for the project . A Madrid opposition politician Tuesday got a jump on his adversaries in the Madrid regional government and the Las Vegas Sands Corp. announcing that he was certain the casino resort would come to Madrid . That set off several days of official denials and no comments . On Thursday , Catalan officials in Barcelona revealed that their offer to host the Las Vegas Sands project expired on August 31 . And it came down to Friday , with Catalan officials first , and hours later the Las Vegas Sands Corp. , announcing their gambling resorts for Barcelona and Madrid , respectively . Adelson , a major donor to the Republican Party , has built Las Vegas Sands Corp. into a leading global developer of gambling , entertainment and convention resorts . The company has The Venetian and The Palazzo gambling resorts on the Las Vegas Strip , and has expanded into Asian markets , with the Marina Bay Sands resort in Singapore . On Macao , through its majority-owned subsidiary Sands China Ltd. , it has the Venetian Macao and Sands Macao properties .	"  Barcelona is an outstanding tourism destination , " official says Spaniards have dubbed the project "  EuroVegas " The decision comes amid the nation 's deep economic crisis
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Heads of South American nations lent support Monday night to President Evo Morales of Bolivia , who says opposition leaders are trying to overthrow his government . Indigenous people from El Alto , Bolivia , take part in an anti-U.S. demonstration in La Paz on Monday . Confronting their first crisis , members of the four-month-old Union of South American Countries voted to create a commission to support Morales ' democratically elected government , said President Michelle Bachelet of Chile . She read a nine-point statement on Chilean TV that calls for the support of human rights and democracy and the preservation of Bolivia 's territorial integrity . The statement condemns any attempts to overthrow the government . It also said the new commission would investigate a reported massacre in the Bolivian state of Pando , where violent clashes killed 30 people last week . Those clashes pitted supporters of eastern governors who want autonomy against the central government . The South American leaders also urged dialogue to address disputes in Bolivia . Morales attended the emergency meeting of the union , which is modeled on the European Union and aims to politically and economically integrate South American countries . The president is poised to approve the start of negotiations between his leftist government and opposition leaders of five provinces who demand greater autonomy and the cancellation of a constitutional referendum that would give the president more power . The opposition also is angry over tax money that Morales is diverting from the provinces to fund elderly programs . Morales said the opposition leaders are trying to overthrow the government . "  This is a coup in the past few days by the leaders of some provinces , with the takeover of some institutions , the sacking and robbery of some government institutions and attempts to assault the national police and the armed forces , " Morales said . Opposition leaders say they merely want their demands met . Police kept order Monday during a march by about 2,000 pro-government groups opposed to the violence in the provinces . The demonstrators marched past the U.S. Embassy in La Paz . Morales expelled the U.S. ambassador to Bolivia last week , blaming the American government for inciting the violence . The United States called the accusations "  false and baseless " and said Bolivia was making a "  grave mistake . " Most of South America 's leaders attended Monday 's emergency summit , with the exception of President Alan Garcia of Peru . Protest leaders asked to attend the summit in Santiago , Chile , but it was limited to heads of state . The protests started 21 days ago in Pando , Beni , Santa Cruz , Tarija and Chuquisaca provinces . The opposition groups have blockaded major roads and threaten to disrupt the nation 's natural gas shipments , particularly to Brazil and Argentina . Anti-government protesters also have clashed with police and taken over offices and buildings in the five provinces . Watch some of the violent demonstrations across Bolivia " Much of the violence has taken place in Pando -- Morales declared martial law there Friday . On Monday , supporters of Morales , or his so-called militias , were gathering in Santa Cruz , and threatening to encircle the city , stoking fears that blood could be shed there . In Pando , it was reported that arbitrary arrests were taking place as the military took to the streets . Houses had been broken into and shot up , and civic leaders were fleeing to Brazil . It was uncertain , meanwhile , whether the Bolivian military remained solely behind Morales . Some signs of divisions had been seen within the military . Opposition leaders say they will not negotiate if there are any more deaths . Vice President Alvaro Garcia said the government will not negotiate about the dead citizens but will rigorously pursue those responsible for the killings . There are conflicting reports over who killed the 30 peasants . Opposition leaders say the peasants were ambushed by local forces . The government says the peasants were armed and initiated the firefight . The opposition has offered to lift the blockades as a goodwill gesture , but the government demanded that the protesters also relinquish the buildings and other property they have seized . Morales , Bolivia 's first indigenous president , was elected in December 2005 . CNN 's Ione Molinares and Journalist Martin Arostegui contributed to this report .	NEW : Bolivian president to return home to approve negotiations with provinces South American nation have met to discuss violence in Bolivia At least 30 people killed during past week of protests Violence is centered in the eastern province of Pando
Washington  CNN  -- Yet another Bush family member is weighing in on whether or not former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush will run for president in 2016 . "  I think it 's more than likely that he 's giving this a serious thought in moving forward , " his eldest son , George P. Bush , told ABC on Sunday . "  If you had asked me a few years back , I would 've said it was less likely , " said Bush , who himself is running for political office for the first time as Texas land commissioner . "  The family will be behind him 100 % if he decides to do it . " George P. Bush is the fourth member of his father 's immediate family to weigh in publicly on his dad 's potential candidacy . And while he says he thinks his father is "  still assessing it , " other members of the family have not been shy about publicly pressuring Jeb Bush to consider a bid . Earlier this month , his older brother , former President George W. Bush , told Fox News that he thinks "  he  his brother  wants to be president . " "  He and I did have a conversation . I of course was pushing him to run for president . He of course was saying , ' I have n't made up my mind , ' " Bush 43 said in the Fox News interview . "  He 's seen his dad , he 's seen his brother . And so he 's a very thoughtful man and he 's -- he 's weighing his options . " In April , Jeb Bush 's younger brother Neil said their father , former president George H. W. Bush , also endorsed the idea . "  If you asked Dad the same question -- ` Should Jeb run ? ' -- he 'd say yes , " Neil Bush said in an interview with CNN 's Gloria Borger . "  Yeah , he would say yeah . " But not every member of the Republican family is on board with another Bush running for a seat in the Oval Office . Before the men in the family had begun floating the idea , former first lady Barbara Bush dismissed the notion , suggesting that her family has had its turn governing the country . "  I think this is a great American country , great country . And if we ca n't find more than two or three families to run for high office , that 's silly , because there are great governors and great eligible people to run , " she said . While the former first lady acknowledged that her son is undoubtedly qualified for the role , she did admit , "  I hope he wo n't . " "  I think he 'll get all my enemies  and  all his brother 's , " Barbara Bush told PBS in January . "  And there are other families . I refuse to accept that this great country is n't raising other wonderful people . " Despite all of the public clamor surrounding Jeb Bush 's potential candidacy , his son Jeb Bush Jr. admitted that the question has n't surfaced during family gatherings , although the issue is "  the 800-pound gorilla in the room . " "  A lot of people are waiting to see what Dad does , " Bush said in an interview Thursday with The Wall Street Journal . "  There 's a lot of pressure to run . " Jeb Bush has not been shy about discussing the prospect of a campaign with some of the most important influencers in the hypothetical race . Earlier this week , Bush was bombarded with questions about a possible run when he met with donors and business leaders in South Carolina , multiple sources at the meeting told CNN . And while his early visit to a swing state is notable , his travel circuit around the country to raise money for GOP hopefuls in competitive races is also telling . Last week , Bush stumped in Michigan for Terri Lynn Land , who faces a closely watched race against sitting Rep. Gary Peters . In September , he attended fund-raisers for struggling incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts in Kansas , gubernatorial hopeful Bruce Rauner in Illinois , and in Florida for Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . This week , Bush will travel to Colorado -- another swing state -- to campaign for Senate hopeful Rep. Cory Gardner , who faces a tight contest with sitting Sen. Mark Udall .	George P. Bush tells ABC his father is "  more than likely " thinking about 2016 run Members of Jeb Bush 's family have publicly pressured him to run for president The former governor has been sending signals about a potential run
CNN  -- Champion cyclist Lance Armstrong refiled a lawsuit Tuesday against the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in a bid to halt a doping case against him . One day earlier , a federal judge threw out Armstrong 's original suit , blasting the seven-time Tour de France champion in a sharply worded ruling . In his brief order , U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks wrote that the case was full of legally irrelevant claims "  included solely to increase media coverage of this case " and stir up hostility toward USADA . He urged the cyclist to refile his lawsuit without "  any improper argument , rhetoric , or irrelevant material . " Like the original , the refiled suit asks the court to file an injunction against USADA by Saturday , the agency 's deadline for Armstrong to agree to contest the charges or accept sanctions . It is substantially shorter than the original lawsuit , by about 55 pages . USADA has accused Armstrong of using performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong maintains he has never tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs and has said USADA and its CEO , Travis Tygart , are out to get a "  big fish " to justify the agency 's existence . "  Throughout his 20-plus year professional career , Mr. Armstrong has been subjected to 500 to 600 drug tests without a single positive test , " the refiled suit reads . It contends USADA "  does not have the right to force him to arbitrate those charges without a valid , enforceable legal agreement to do so . " The 40-year-old Armstrong faces a lifetime ban and could be stripped of his Tour de France victories if found guilty by USADA . Armstrong won the tour each year from 1999 to 2005 , most of those for a team sponsored by the U.S. Postal Service . He retired twice from cycling -- first in 2005 , for four years , and again in 2011 . USADA is a quasi-government agency recognized as the official anti-doping agency for Olympic , Pan American and Paralympic events in the United States . In a June letter to Armstrong , a copy of which was obtained by CNN , the agency said it collected blood samples from Armstrong in 2009 and 2010 that were "  fully consistent with blood manipulation including EPO use and/or blood transfusions . " EPO , or erythropoietin , boosts the number of red blood cells , which carry oxygen to the muscles . Armstrong has been dogged by allegations of drug abuse in recent years , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was found guilty of doping in the 2006 Tour de France , resulting in him being stripped of the title -- making a series of claims last year . Armstrong came out fighting in May 2011 , in the face of fresh allegations made on CBS News ' "  60 Minutes " show by another American , Tyler Hamilton . In the CBS interview , Hamilton , who retired in 2009 after twice testing positive himself , says he first saw Armstrong use EPO in 1999 . "  I saw it in his refrigerator , " Hamilton told the news program . "  I saw him inject it more than one time like we all did , like I did many , many times . " In February , Justice Department prosecutors said they closed a criminal investigation after reviewing allegations against Armstrong . They had called witnesses to a federal grand jury in Los Angeles , but they apparently determined they lacked evidence to bring a charge that Armstrong used performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong has won two half-distance Ironman events this year , and he is suspended from World Triathlon Corporation competitions . The world championships will be held in October in Hawaii . He was a U.S. triathlon champion as a teenager .	NEW : Cycling champ Armstrong asks the court to file an injunction against USADA He refiles one day after a judge dismisses lawsuit The seven-time Tour de France winner faces doping charges He says he has never tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs
San Diego  CNN  -- Did you think the Republican Party had cornered the market on racism , nativism and ethnic demagoguery ? If so , think again . That is the GOP 's modus operandi when it comes to the immigration issue . In an ugly trend that started in the Southwest in the 1990s but has now moved on to the South and Midwest , Republicans have learned to scare up votes by exploiting fear of changing demographics and the anxiety that many Americans have about an "  invasion " of illegal immigrants across the U.S.-Mexico border . But this fear of foreigners has proven just effective enough that Democrats are now borrowing the GOP 's playbook to advance their own causes . Here 's the difference : The voters who fear-mongering Democrats want to manipulate are n't so much afraid of what worries many conservatives -- that immigrants are supposedly lowering our standard of living , changing the country 's complexion and weakening our sense of national identity . They 're more afraid that foreign workers -- either here in the United States or even in their home countries -- are going to take their jobs , lower wages , or prove so attractive to companies and factories that jobs go overseas . In other words , the fears are n't cultural ; they 're economic . But the way that Democrats exploit those fears is still the same : racism , nativism and ethnic demagoguery . Which takes us to Kentucky , where a super PAC allied with Democrats recently took the low road in attacking its No. 1 Republican target : Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . In a juvenile and insulting display , Progress Kentucky recently resorted to anti-Chinese fear mongering to stir public resentment against McConnell . The goal might be to soften up the Republican a bit before his 2014 re-election campaign , where he could find himself running against Hollywood actress Ashley Judd . Politics is about finding your opponent 's soft spot and then pounding away at it like Joe Frazier . Progress Kentucky thinks that McConnell 's soft spot is that he has -- gasp ! -- an Asian-American wife , who happens to be former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao . The group has been pounding away at this absurd idea that McConnell 's wife 's ethnic heritage  Chao was born in Taiwan and came to the United States with her family when she was 8 years old  has led him to support outsourcing jobs to -- wait for it , wait for it -- China . In a February 14 tweet that was "  re-tweeted " several times , Progress Kentucky said this about Chao : "  This woman has the ear of @mcconnellpress -- she 's his #wife . May explain why your job moved to #China ! " Not really . You want an explanation for why your job went to China -- or for that matter , India , Pakistan , Brazil or some other country ? Fine . How about the fact that powerful unions have driven up wages and benefits and pension plans to the point where they 've placed many U.S. workers out of the market and made foreign labor more attractive in comparison ? Tweet that , pal . Other anti-China tweets from Progress Kentucky included : " @mcconnellpress Mitch and his $ $ $ have VERY strong ties to #China  that place your job moved to  " "  I think you 'd have to go to NY NJ TX & China to find the people #MitchMcConnell represents ! @mcconnellpress " "  Is #MitchMcConnell too close to China ? Dissident Wu ` very surprised ' at Chao pick po.st / v4qoi7 via @worldnetdaily . com " "  China Premier grateful to McConnell father-in-law/@kygop contributor-4 his role in developing China industry ow.ly / i2Qjv #kyga13 " Characterizing the Twitter messages as "  racial slurs " and "  the ultimate outrage , " McConnell quickly came to his wife 's defense -- and his own . "  They will not get away with attacking my wife in this campaign , " he said . "  Elaine Chao is just as much an American as any of the rest of them . In fact , she had to go through a lot more to become an American . " Earlier , Jesse Benton , campaign manager of McConnell 's re-election campaign , accused Progress Kentucky of "  race-baiting " and said the people responsible ought to be fired and should "  really be ashamed . Oh yes , they absolutely should be ashamed . When Democrats do things like this , they lose the moral ground to criticize Republicans the next time . They also tell the rest of us that maybe that outrage they claimed to feel when criticizing Republicans for similar tactics was n't all that authentic . You know who did come off as authentic and admirable in all this ? Judd . As someone who seems more and more interested in challenging McConnell in 2014 , she wasted no time in condemning the attack . Judd tweeted : "  Whatever the intention , whatever the venue , whomever the person , attacks or comments on anyone 's ethnicity are wrong & patently unacceptable . " She 's right . Good for her for saying so . But the intention of Progress Kentucky is quite clear -- to paint Chao as un-American and her husband to be under her influence . After initially trying to downplay the whole affair and denying any intent at "  race-baiting , " Progress Kentucky eventually had to swallow its medicine and apologize . But , juvenile to the end , the group did n't apologize to McConnell , who was after all the subject of the attack . In a statement posted online , Executive Director Shawn Reilly apologized only to Chao for what he called an "  unnecessary comment . " Speaking of medicine , let 's hope now that Republicans have had a strong dose of their own , and having been subjected to this line of attack , they 've learned a lesson and will think twice before engaging in nativist shenanigans in the immigration debate . I know . That wo n't happen . But we can hope . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Democrats borrow the GOP 's playbook of nativist shenanigans Navarrette : A progressive super PAC attacks Elaine Chao , wife of Sen. Mitch McConnell He says the group resorted to anti-Chinese fears to stir resentment against McConnell Navarrette : When Democrats do such things , they lose the moral ground to criticize Republicans
The United States has increased its military presence in Iraq , ordering 300 more troops to the violence-ravaged nation , the Pentagon announced Monday . ISIS militants have "  continued to pose a legitimate threat to Baghdad and its environs , " a U.S. official told CNN . "  We have seen them reinforce themselves around Baghdad enough to convince us more troops was the prudent thing to do . " The new troops , 200 of whom arrived Sunday and Monday , will provide security for the U.S. Embassy , the Baghdad airport and other facilities in Iraq , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . The deployment includes "  a detachment of helicopters and unmanned aerial vehicles , which will bolster airfield and travel route security , " Kirby said in a written statement . The airport is in western Baghdad about 12 miles  20 kilometers  by helicopter from the embassy in the capital 's fortified Green Zone . The 300 troops are in addition to 300 U.S. advisers who will help train Iraq 's security forces . They will bring the total of American forces in Iraq to about 800 troops . Revered Shiite shrine attacked On Monday , Three mortar rounds hit the outer gate of a Shiite holy site in Samarra , killing one person and wounding 14 , a spokesman for Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said . Al-Iraqiya , a state-run television network , reported that the Iraqi air force demolished the site where the mortars were fired . The Al-Askariya mosque was heavily damaged by militants in February 2006 . That attack triggered retaliatory attacks against Sunnis , and touched off the sectarian fighting that nearly tore the country apart . The mosque houses the Imam Ali al-Hadi and Imam Hassan al-Askari shrine , one of the holiest sites for Shiite Muslims . Samarra is about 80 miles  129 kilometers  north of Baghdad . The death was one of 1,873 in June due to violence , according to the Interior Ministry , a figure that includes 355 Iraqi soldiers and 130 police officers . That is a dramatic increase from the May death toll of 994 given by the United Nations and health officials in restive Anbar province . The U.N. said 144 of the people killed in May were civilian police officers . ISIS declares caliphate Emboldened by a weakened Iraqi government that is struggling to stop their murderous advance , extremists of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria declared over the weekend that they have set up a caliphate spanning large areas of the two countries . In a newly released audio message and written statement , purportedly from the official spokesman of ISIS , the group called on Muslims to swear allegiance to the caliphate , which means Islamic state . The group said in the message Sunday , which CNN could n't independently confirm , that its flag now flies from Aleppo province in northwestern Syria to Diyala province in eastern Iraq . It announced that it was changing its name to just the "  Islamic State . " The ISIS statement was just one of the many developments in the fast-moving situation in Iraq over the weekend . How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda Who controls Tikrit ? Iraq 's government touted its military offensive to recapture Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit from extremists , with some officials taking to state-run television over the weekend to declare that the army had defeated ISIS . But residents in the city nestled along the Tigris River , about 140 kilometers  about 87 miles  northwest of Baghdad , gave a different account Sunday . "  There are no Iraqi troops here , " one woman told CNN by telephone from Tikrit . The only presence , at least in her neighborhood , is the "  Islamic state , " she said , referring to ISIS . The woman , who asked not to be identified over concerns for her safety , said she could hear the sounds of a fierce battle , in the form of shelling , being carried out by both sides . Heavy shelling A video posted on YouTube appears to support her assertion . A man gives a tour of the city to show , he says , that there were no Iraqi security forces on the streets on Saturday , the day Iraqi forces said they launched the offensive . In the video , the man can be heard repeatedly saying "  June 28 , 2014 , " presumably to offer evidence of the date . He says "  Thank God , Tikrit is safe and still in the hand of tribesmen and not troops of ` al-Haliki , ' " a derogatory reference to al-Maliki that refers to his death . Witnesses inside and outside Tikrit said Iraqi forces were heavily shelling the city . Two days ago , the air force dropped leaflets from helicopters , demanding that residents leave the city "  for their safety . " A large number of people have fled Tikrit for smaller villages to the north , according to witnesses , who say Iraqi forces are battling ISIS on the southern edge of the city . State-run Iraqi TV showed video footage of large plumes of black smoke billowing from the city . Another video , released by the Ministry of Defense , showed Iraqi troops and convoys loaded with heavy weapons driving through the desert . The video was titled "  cleansing the road between Samarra and Tikrit . " CNN could n't independently confirm the different claims . Russian jets arrive Five Russian Sukhoi fighter jets have arrived in Iraq , the first of 25 warplanes expected to be delivered under a contract between Moscow and Baghdad , the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said in a statement . A video the ministry released Monday showed the jets , with wings unattached , being pulled toward hangars . "  These jet fighters will contribute to increase the combat capability of the air force and the rest of the armed forces in eliminating terrorism , " the ministry said . The Su-25 has been in service for more than three decades and was part of the Iraqi air force under Saddam Hussein 's regime . The announcement follows a comment by al-Maliki that recent militant advances might have been avoided if Iraq had proper air power in the form of fighter jets that Iraq has been trying to get from the United States . "  I 'll be frank and say that we were deluded when we signed the contract " with the United States , al-Maliki told the BBC in the interview last week , which was released Friday . Iraq has now turned to Russia and Belarus to buy fighter jets , he said . "  God willing , within one week , this force will be effective and will destroy the terrorists ' dens , " he said . U.S. officials were quick to reject al-Maliki 's complaints . U.S. fighter jets have not been slow in coming , Kirby said . The first two promised F-16s "  were n't expected to be delivered until the fall , which is still months away , " Kirby said . "  And we were in the process of working towards that delivery . " The advance of the al Qaeda splinter group "  could n't have been stemmed through the use of two particular fighter planes , " he said . Al-Maliki 's statements about the need for air support came as American and Arab diplomats told CNN that the United States is unlikely to undertake any military strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and its allied fighters before a new government is formed in Iraq . Mass graves reported Human Rights Watch has reported the discovery in Tikrit of two mass graves believed to contain the bodies of Iraqi soldiers , police and civilians killed by ISIS and its militant allies . In addition to the alleged executions in Tikrit , reports continue to emerge of atrocities committed by both sides . Human Rights Watch , citing displaced residents and local activists and journalists , said Saturday that ISIS fighters kidnapped at least 40 Shiite Turkmens , dynamited four Shiite places of worship and ransacked homes and farms in two villages just outside Mosul . The few Sunni villagers who remained in Guba and Shireekhan told those who fled that at least some of the kidnapped Turkmens had been killed , the rights group said . However , they had not seen bodies and could not give more information . ISIS destroyed seven Shiite places of worship in the predominantly Shiite Turkmen city of Tal Afar , about 50 kilometers  31 miles  west of Mosul , earlier in the week , Human Rights Watch added , citing local sources . But the allegations of atrocities are not just limited to ISIS . Amnesty International has said it has gathered evidence pointing to a pattern of "  extrajudicial executions " of Sunni detainees by government forces and Shiite militias in Tal Afar , Mosul and Baquba . Maps : Understand the crisis in Iraq What is ISIS ? Iraq witnesses recall horrors in Tal Afar , Mosul Iraq 's Shiites answer call to arms	Death toll in Iraq for June nearly twice that of May U.S. official tells CNN that potential threat from ISIS prompted troop escalation Pentagon sending 300 more troops to Baghdad as protection forces Mortar rounds strike gate of holy site in Samarra
China downplayed India 's successful missile launch this week , saying that the two sides are not rivals but cooperating partners . "  China and India are both emerging countries , we are not rivals but cooperation partners , " said Liu Weimin , China 's foreign ministry spokesman , on Thursday . "  We believe the two countries should cherish the hard-won momentum of sound bilateral relations , promote bilateral friendship and cooperation and make active contributions to regional peace and stability . " India 's government touted the successful Thursday launch of the Agni V missile -- with a range of 5,000 kilometers  3,100 miles  capable of hitting cities as far as Shanghai -- as a milestone for the country . "  This launch has given a message to the entire world that India has the capability to design , develop , build and manufacture missiles of this class , and we are today a missile power , " VK Saraswat , chief of the Defence Research and Development Organisation , told India 's Economic Times . The Agni V missile is a 17.5-meter-tall  75-feet  , three-stage missile designed to carry a 1.5-ton nuclear warhead and is expected to be ready for use by the armed forces in 2014 following a series of tests , the report said . India 's major media outlets touted the launch as India 's entry into an elite club of countries , including the United States and Russia . But China 's state-backed Global Times newspaper reported in an editorial that , "  India should n't overestimate its strength . " "  India should be clear that China 's nuclear power is stronger and more reliable , " the editorial said . "  For the foreseeable future , India would stand no chance in an overall arms race with China . " While China has not perceived India as a threat , experts say India has boosted military spending in recent years in part due to China 's increasing dominance in the Indian Ocean . The two sides fought a war in 1962 over border issues . "  This launch is a part of India 's development and modernization , " said Ye Hailin , an international relations expert at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences . "  Some reports of the perceived threats have been exaggerated and I think we should take a step back from this rather than jump to conclusions . "	China downplayed India 's successful missile launch this week Foreign ministry official : "  We are not rivals but cooperation partners " Rocket has a range that could strike as far away as Shanghai
CNN  -- Just days after an 8-year-old boy shot and killed his grandmother after playing video games , a Louisiana judge said Monday the child can continue to live with his family . Under state law in Louisiana , where the shooting occurred , the child can not be charged . "  He 's distraught . It 's really taken a toll on him . He looks visibly shaken , " said East Feliciana Parish District Attorney Samuel D'Aquilla . "  It was determined that he did the shooting and it was an accident . He thought it was a toy gun , a play gun , " D'Aquilla told CNN . "  It 's not a crime if he 's under 10 years old . We 're still trying to figure out how to help this juvenile and his parents , " the district attorney added . The child is not being publicly identified . In a closed proceeding Monday , the district attorney asked for a court hearing to begin the process to get whatever help is available to the family and to the child . The family told the court that the boy is getting counseling . The boy is expected to enter a state program called Families in Need of Services , or FINS , according to D'Aquilla . FINS is a Louisiana state program not associated with the criminal justice system . "  We presented evidence today and the judge said the child can live with his mother and father , " said D'Aquilla . "  It 's not a bad environment . They have two other children , " he said . Last Thursday , Marie Smothers , 87 , was caring for the boy at her residence in a mobile home park in Slaughter , Louisiana . Smothers was watching television in the living area and the boy was playing the video came Grand Theft Auto IV on another television set behind her just minutes before the incident , according to a news release from the East Feliciana Parish Sheriff 's Department . The gun was a .38 - caliber handgun , according to the sheriff 's department . "  The gun was in a pouch or a purse . where he could obviously pick it up , " said District Attorney D'Aquilla . "  He shot her from about three or four feet away , according to the autopsy , " he said . The boy 's grandmother was the mother of the child 's father , according to a statement from the sheriff 's department . 10 most controversial violent video games "  By accounts of relatives of the victim , as well as friends of the family , the victim and the juvenile had a normal , loving relationship and even shared the same bedroom , " D'Aquilla said . Because the child is only 8 years old , he does not even fall under Louisiana 's juvenile justice system , which is meant for offenders starting at age 10 . So , by entering the FINS program , officials say , it is generally hoped that the family and the boy can get any help they will need . "  The family can be put under a plan of counseling or other types of services and they can also get supervision at that time , " said Martha Morgan , chief counsel for the Louisiana Office of Juvenile Justice . "  We try to get them the services they need to keep them from becoming juvenile delinquents , " she told CNN . The next hearing in the case has been scheduled for September 10 .	The 87-year-old woman was caring for her grandson , 8 The child fired what he thought was a toy gun , authorities say Louisiana law does not charge children under 10 in crimes A judge says the child can continue living at home , get counseling
CNN  -- Anti-government protesters have managed to breach a high-security zone in Pakistan 's capital , despite the presence of thousands of security personnel . A blackout had been enforced overnight Tuesday in Islamabad 's "  red zone , " a heavily guarded area of the city containing key government buildings , as the marchers drew close . In the darkness policemen thumped their shields with batons in anticipation of a possible confrontation . However they told CNN orders had been given not to react or use force . For the past few days , thousands of supporters of cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan have joined a march on Islamabad from Lahore to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif amid claims of vote-rigging during last year 's election . They 've been joined by followers of outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , who declared the protest a "  revolution march . " Qadri led protests against the government last year that brought the capital to a standstill , and has accused Sharif of corruption and campaigned for more to be done for the country 's poor . OPINION : Qadri : My vision for Pakistan Sharif has denied the accusations against him , and has offered to set off an investigation into last year 's vote . Parliament reached Many of Khan and Qadri 's supporters were equipped with gas masks and swimming goggles and carried thick wooden clubs . By late Tuesday , many had managed to get beyond barricades made up of barbed wire and steel shipping containers -- with some even using a hijacked crane -- to reach parliament without provoking a reaction from security forces . At one point a number of female protesters approached soldiers and appeared to shower them in flower petals . Officials had previously warned protesters not to enter this area , prompting fears of violent clashes . Earlier this month , at least five people died when supporters of Qadri clashed with police in the northwestern Punjab province . However a spokesperson for the military released the following statement on social media Tuesday : "  Buildings in the Red Zone are a symbol of the state and are being protected by the Army . Therefore the sanctity of these national symbols must be respected . Situation requires patience , wisdom & sagacity from all stakeholders to resolve prevailing impasse through meaningful dialogue in larger national and public interest . " Qadri told CNN that this "  green revolution " had been "  peaceful and democratic . " He added : "  This is a march for democratic reforms . We want rule of law . We want true participatory democracy in our country . We want to fight for human rights , for minority rights , for women rights and to eradicate corruption from society . " At around 1 a.m. local time on Wednesday , a handful of supporters of Khan 's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf  PTI  political party were the first to breach the final container blocking access to the front of the prime minister 's secretariat . They edged past police lines , some appearing stunned that they 'd made it into the capital 's fortified red zone .	Supporters of ex-cricketer Imran Khan and cleric Tahir ul Qadri march on Islamabad Many protesters have entered high-security "  red zone " to approach parliament Security forces , protesters have so far avoided clashes Protesters calling for government to stand down amid corruption , vote fraud claims
CNN  -- Barcelona 's season has turned upside down after the club 's first home league defeat in 25 matches , says "  concerned " coach Gerardo Martinez . The Spanish champions face the prospect of losing the outright lead after a record 59-game run at the top following Saturday 's shock 3-2 defeat by Valencia , in which key defender Jordi Alba was sent off against his former team . It left Barca level on points with second-placed Atletico Madrid , which hosts fourth-placed Real Sociedad on Sunday . Longtime rival Real Madrid , meanwhile , can move two points above the Catalan team with victory at sixth-placed Athletic Bilbao . "  Now we 're playing in a completely different competition , " Martino said on Barca 's website . "  We will try to regain the ground that we will most likely lose this weekend . We still have to play against our direct rivals . "  I 'm concerned and I want to bounce back from this as soon as possible . " Barcelona led through Alexis Sanchez but Daniel Parejo and Pablo Piatti put midtable Valencia head with goals either side of halftime . Lionel Messi leveled with his first La Liga goal in four months when a penalty was awarded despite the ball appearing to hit Ricardo Costa in the shoulder , not his arm , but Francisco Alcacer restored the lead in the 59th minute before fullback Alba collected his second booking . It was Barca 's first league defeat at Camp Nou since April 2012 , and only second in 22 league matches this season , leaving Martinez disconsolate . "  We had the impression that the match was over after half an hour and we paid for that . I said that we will pay for our errors , and we committed errors today , " said the Argentine , in his first season in charge . "  Any error from now on out could cost us dearly . Their goal at the end of the first half hurt us and we lost confidence . Their second goal made us desperate . " Barca will next play seventh-placed Sevilla , which conceded two late goals in a 3-2 defeat that eased Malaga 's relegation fears . Former Portugal winger Duda scored the winning home side 's first from the penalty and then the 83rd-minute decider . In Saturday 's other games , there were 0-0 draws in the games between Levante and Rayo Vallecano , and Getafe vs. Valladolid -- which left all four clubs in the bottom half of the table . In Italy , fourth-placed Fiorentina will likely lose ground on the top Serie A teams following a 1-0 defeat at Cagliari . Leader Juventus plays fifth-placed Inter Milan on Sunday , while closest rival Roma hosts Parma and Napoli travels to Atalanta . Ninth-placed AC Milan came from behind to draw 1-1 at home to fellow Europa League qualification hopeful Torino as loan defender Adil Rami equalized , a result which ended new coach Clarence Seedorf 's run of two successive wins . Meanwhile , Udinese moved away from the relegation zone with a 2-0 win at Bologna . In Germany , second-placed Bayer Leverkusen ended a run of three losses by beating Stuttgart 2-1 at home . Switzerland international striker Eren Derdiyok headed a late winner as Leverkusen closed to within 10 points of leader Bayern Munich , which hosts Eintracht Frankfurt on Sunday . Leverkusen moved four points ahead of third-placed Borussia Dortmund , which won 2-1 at bottom club Eintracht Braunschweig on Friday . Schalke moved up to fourth after beating 10-man Wolfsburg 2-1 with a late winner from midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng , while Borussia Monchengladbach dropped to fifth following a 3-1 loss at Hannover . In France , second-placed Monaco could only draw 2-2 at Lorient -- meaning next weekend 's top-of-the-table clash with Paris Saint-Germain becomes even more important . Champions PSG hold a five-point advantage following Friday 's 2-0 win at home to Bordeaux , and it could have been even more if Layvin Kurzawa had not scored a late leveler for Monaco .	Coach Gerardo Martino admits "  concern " following end of Barcelona 's unbeaten home run Spanish champions could lose Spanish league lead for the first time in 60 matches Jordi Alba is sent off in Saturday 's 3-2 defeat by Valencia at Camp Nou Madrid clubs Atletico and Real can both move above Barcelona on Sunday
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel has blazed a trail in Formula One 's history books by becoming the youngest double world champion , but his Red Bull team bosses are already looking for their next star driver . The all-conquering Austrian marque , along with the 11 other teams on the F1 grid , are in Abu Dhabi for three days of testing with some of the brightest young talents in motorsport . Having remained at the Yas Marina Circuit following Sunday 's grand prix , which was won by McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , the teams will put a number of potential future world champions through their paces between Tuesday and Thursday . Champion Vettel toasts dream year One such prospect is Jean-Eric Vergne , the 21-year-old Toro Rosso test driver who finished second in the 2011 Formula Renault 3.5 series and has been given the chance to drive Red Bull 's imperious RB7 car . Despite having an unfamiliar name at the wheel , the results on Tuesday bore an uncanny resemblance to those which have been witnessed in the sport for the last two years . Red Bull once again left the other teams trailing in their wake , only this time it was French youngster Vergne leading the field -- his lap of one minute 40.011 seconds beating Ferrari test driver Jules Bianchi into second place . "  That was a fantastic day for me , " Vergne , who will drive for Red Bull on all three days , told the sport 's official website . "  Driving the world championship-winning car is just great and I liked every lap I did out there . Latest F1 standings after Abu Dhabi GP Bianchi has been handed the chance to take to the track for legendary Italian marque Ferrari at the test event for the second year in a row . "  It 's great to be back at the wheel of a Ferrari on a real track , " the 22-year-old said . The Frenchman also races for Lotus ART in the GP2 Series , where he has ended the season third after one victory and five podium finishes . The GP2 Series has long been a production line for F1 talent , with the competition having been the brainchild of former Formula One commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone and one-time Renault boss Flavio Briatore . "  I 've already driven this car for some aerodynamic testing , but doing it at a real test is a whole different story , " Bianchi said . "  Now , I am looking forward to a further two days of testing and we hope to carry on as we have started , with a lot of kilometers completed and trouble-free running . " Venezuela 's Rodolfo Gonzalez is another GP2 graduate being given his chance to shine , taking to the cockpit for the CNN-sponsored Team Lotus on Tuesday . The 25-year-old hopes to emulate compatriot and Williams driver Pastor Maldonado in moving from the GP2 Asia Series to become the fifth driver from the South American country to compete in F1 . "  It 's my dream to drive in Formula One so I 'm really very thankful for this opportunity , " said Gonzalez . "  I think I 've showed I have potential with the lap times I did , and am pleased with my times overall . "  I 've proved I can do the job and have really enjoyed this experience in the car and learned a lot for my future . "  Knowing there are two more days still to do , just makes me smile more . It 's a great opportunity ... I 'm trying to learn as much as possible and get as much as possible out of it . " British team Williams are running GP3 champion Valtteri Bottas of Finland and Formula Two titleholder Mirko Bortolotti of Italy . "  I really enjoyed my first time driving the car on a proper track today , " the 22-year-old Bottas said . "  It did n't take too long to get used to the car but there were still a few new things for me . There is much more downforce and power than the cars I am used to driving , but I really liked it and I think the day went well . "	The 12 Formula One teams are testing young drivers in Abu Dhabi The three-day event is taking place in Abu Dhabi Red Bull 's Jean-Eric Vergne set the pace at Yas Marina Circuit on Tuesday
CNN  -- J.K Rowling has recast her "  Harry Potter " magic and reportedly brought Dumblebore back to life . A spokesperson for the author confirms Rowling sent a letter and a package to a Texas teenager who optimistically found strength in the words of a "  Harry Potter " film after witnessing the murder of her immediate family . Fifteen-year-old Cassidy Stay lost both parents and four siblings to a gunman in Texas last month . Cassidy was shot in the head and survived the gunshot wound only because she played dead . Authorities have called her survival a miracle . Cassidy had seen the unimaginable , but was still thinking about happiness . At a memorial for her family , Cassidy gave a speech in front of media saying she believed her family was "  in much a better place . " Quoting the words of Dumbledore , the wise headmaster of Hogwarts , she said "  Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times , if one only remembers to turn on the light . " Sole survivor in Texas shooting looks for hope amid her horror The same day Cassidy gave her speech , a Facebook page called "  We want JK Rowling to meet Cassidy Stay " formed and quickly gained traction . While the group page acknowledges that Cassidy is not a follower of the page , the creator claims to know a friend of Cassidy 's who "  confirmed that JK Rowling did , in fact , write her a personalized letter from ` Dumbledore '  hand-written with purple ink  . She was also sent a wand , an acceptance letter to Hogwarts with a school supply list , along with the 3rd book with JK 's autograph " the group post said . Rowling 's spokesperson told CNN : "  We can confirm that J.K. Rowling sent Cassidy Stay a letter and package , but the contents of the letter and how it came about are private and between her and Cassidy . We 're not commenting any further on the letter or what it contained . " ` Harry Potter ' returns in a J.K. Rowling short story J.K. Rowling 's ` The Cuckoo 's Calling ' sequel announced	Stay had quoted Dumbledore at memorial She is the sole survivor of her family tragedy Rowling sent a care package including a wand and an autographed book
NORCROSS , Georgia  CNN  -- Beneath seven flat-screen TVs and one large pulldown screen , members of the Racquet Club of the South gathered Monday to watch and celebrate one of their own . Members of the Racquet Club of the South erupt when Melanie Oudin beats Nadia Petrova . Melanie Oudin , 17 , of Marietta , Georgia , has taken the tennis world by storm at the U.S. Open . The 70th-ranked female has upset some of the sport 's biggest female stars , including Russian aces Elena Dementieva  No. 4 seed  and Maria Sharapova  No. 29 seed , who has been ranked No. 1 worldwide in the past  . And on Monday , she beat 13th seed Nadia Petrova in three sets . Her latest win makes her the youngest American to make the quarterfinals since Serena Williams in 1999 . "  It 's still so surreal , " said Anne Keeton , player liaison at the club , before the match started . "  She sort of wins no matter what happens . She 's there going for it and not giving up . " At this suburban club , co-owned and co-directed by Oudin 's longtime coach , Brian de Villiers , articles about the local tennis phenom dot the walls . In the Grill , on a Bud Light message board above drink specials , are the words "  Congratulations Melanie ! " And a photo of her mixed in with other young players is posted near a downstairs fitness room . Blending in with others and not retreating to "  a Melanie court " is part of what makes her special , Keeton said . When there was a flood on some indoor courts this year , she was down there squeegeeing with everyone else . "  She so lovely and so accessible , " Keeton said . "  It could n't happen to a nicer kid . " The restaurant buzzed as tables filled with more than 80 onlookers who were courtside in spirit . They feasted on a spread laid out to mark the special occasion as the match started . Watch friends , family cheer Oudin on " When Petrova took the upper hand , and the first set , fans erupted into applause with each of Oudin 's hard-earned points and offered encouragement like "  There we go ! " When she pumped her fist in celebration , they did the same . And when a play did n't go her way , they groaned in unison . Her skills were apparent from an early age , said Turhan Berne of Norcross , a coach and tournament director who 's known Oudin since she was 9 . He watched her rake in wins , beating older kids and snagging No. 1 junior rankings in the country and world . "  But you know when I knew she was going to be something ? " he said . "  She would play with anybody her coach had her hit with . ... She always gave back . She 's very grounded . Her parents and coach did a great job not letting her fame and success change her into a different person . " As Oudin came back for the second set , the crowd held its collective breath . With every point she earned , they hooted , hollered and exchanged high-fives . They booed when they saw Petrova losing her cool , banging her racquet against the net after losing a big point . "  C'mon , Melanie ! " people screamed as the tiebreaker began in the second set . When Oudin took that set , they rose to their feet , screamed , did happy dances and shared hugs . "  It 's awesome , " said Kathleen Brady of Norcross . "  We are so glad her opponent double-faults . " "  Bless her heart , " Lisa Wells chimed in with a laugh , offering the Southern tagline to downplay any insult . Earlier in the day , John Sklare joked that the young pro learned something from him . Over the winter , the Alpharetta psychologist often played on the indoor court beside her . "  I knew she was good , but I did n't know she was that good -- and that 's what we 're all finding out now , " he said . He spoke about what a "  great kid " Oudin is but then added that what he likes best about her is how quiet she is on the court . Sklare , a former writer for Atlanta Tennis magazine , said he called Sharapova "  Screamapova . " Oudin , on the other hand , is "  like a stealth fighter , " he said . "  She 's quiet , but you know she 's there . " Her overall attitude is as inspiring as her play , said Jeannette Latimer of Decatur , Georgia , whose 11-year-old daughter , Kelsey , has been playing for five years . "  She shows the kids not to get upset on the court , " Latimer said . "  She 's always so positive . If the kids learn nothing else from her , it 's her mental toughness . " But Kelsey has been more intent on studying Oudin 's moves on the court . "  I think she has a nice top-spin forehand , " Kelsey said . "  I think it 's better than mine . " With Oudin up 5-2 in the third set , anticipation hung in the air . "  Both of them are pressing each other , but to see the 70 -LSB- ranked player -RSB- outplaying 13 , that takes heart , " Ernie Jensen of Woodstock said . Going into the match point , some rose to their feet . Together , the hordes clapped , carrying Oudin to the win . When she took the match , earning her first quarterfinal seat in a Grand Slam , the room exploded . They stood by and watched , smiling widely and some wiping away tears as Oudin gave her victory speech . "  It 's like something so big happening to all of us all at once , " said Jennifer Silverberg of Alpharetta . "  Watching her , it 's like watching your own little girl . ... My heart 's still going crazy . "	Melanie Oudin , 17 , moves into quarterfinals with latest win Oudin caused hubbub when she beat former No. 1 Maria Sharapova on Saturday Oudin honed her skills at the Racquet Club of the South in Georgia Fellow members are as impressed by positive attitude as by her talent
CNN  -- Women age 60 and older have a 1 in 6 chance of getting Alzheimer 's disease in their lifetime , and are twice as likely to develop Alzheimer 's compared with breast cancer , according to a report from the Alzheimer 's Association . Men , by comparison , have a 1 in 11 chance of getting Alzheimer 's , according to the 2014 Facts and Figures report . Age is the greatest risk factor for gender differences among Alzheimer 's patients , but it 's not the only reason . Researchers are also looking at genetic and hormonal differences , according to Maria Carrillo , vice president of medical and scientific relations for the Alzheimer 's Association . The disease affects more than 5 million Americans , two-thirds of them women . The new details about this disease and its impact on women come from a survey of more than 3,000 women commissioned by the Alzheimer 's Association . Overwhelming burden , cost of Alzheimer 's to triple Carol Moore , 75 , is all too familiar with this gender disparity . She says she never worried about breast cancer because she was vigilant about her health , but thought her forgetfulness was just part of getting older . In 2012 she underwent a battery of screening tests for part of an Alzheimer 's study . Much to her surprise , she was diagnosed with the disease . "  I was hoping against hope there was nothing wrong with me , but there was , " she says , recalling her fear when the neurologist showed her the MRI of her brain and pointed out the deterioration . Women are also disproportionately affected when it comes to caring for people with Alzheimer 's . Sixty percent of caregivers are women and the care they give is more intense physically and emotionally , according to the annual report . Graphic : Every 67 seconds , someone in the U.S. develops Alzheimer 's Women are more likely to provide round-the-clock care , including feeding , clothing and diapering , says Carrillo . The average length of time an Alzheimer 's patient requires 24-hour care is four to seven years , but could be as long as 20 years . The cost of Alzheimer 's care is estimated to be $ 214 billion for this year alone . "  We wish we had expensive treatments to brag about , but we do n't , so it 's important to highlight that research funding and research commitments are critical for us to change that balance , " Carrillo says . In the future , she says , she hopes she 'll be talking about the cost of treatments rather than the cost of care . Mortality rates for other diseases , like breast cancer , are dropping , but the rate of Alzheimer 's deaths is on the rise . Alzheimer 's toll may rank with cancer , heart disease The impact on women disproportionately extends to the workplace as well , where 20 % of women , as compared with 3 % of men , switch from full-time to part-time work because of their responsibilities as caregivers . Additionally , women are more likely to take a leave of absence from work or stop working altogether . They also report feeling more isolated and depressed than their male counterparts . Another surprise from the report , although not specific to women : 24 % of women and men mistakenly believe they are only at risk for Alzheimer 's disease if they have a family member with it . The cultural breakdown is surprising as well , as 33 % of Hispanics held this mistaken belief and nearly half of Asians did . "  Anyone with a brain is at risk , " says Angela Geiger , chief strategy officer for the Alzheimer 's Association . "  You can do everything ` right ' and still not prevent Alzheimer 's , " according to the association 's website . Risk factors for Alzheimer 's include genetics and aging , which are out of your control . However , adopting what the association calls "  healthy brain life habits " may help delay or prevent the appearance of the disease . Those habits include staying mentally , socially and physically active and adopting a "  brain-healthy diet " low in fat and cholesterol . Women can also reduce some risk factors by watching their numbers , Carrillo says . That includes blood sugar levels if diabetic , blood pressure and cholesterol . The association is launching a new initiative in conjunction with the report , asking 1 million women to go to the association 's website and share why their brain matters and how they will use it to stop Alzheimer 's disease . In the meantime , Moore , who lives in suburban Atlanta , is taking medication to slow the progression of the disease . She lives alone , still drives and stays active by exercising and attending monthly group meetings with other Alzheimer 's patients . She feels she 'd be more social if she could , but she says she ca n't keep up the way she used to . "  I remind myself you just really have to do one thing at a time , " she says . "  Needless to say , it 's a frustration . " Blood test predicts Alzheimer 's disease	Women over 60 have a 1 in 6 chance of getting Alzheimer 's disease 60 % of Alzheimer 's caregivers are women , according to new report The cost of Alzheimer 's care is estimated at $ 214 billion this year alone
CNN  -- Whether they are designed by cutting-edge architects or decorated with priceless works of art , train and metro stations have become unlikely sites of some of the world 's most exquisite architecture and design . Take New York 's Grand Central Terminal , illuminated by a collection of ostentatious chandeliers . Or Madrid 's Atocha station , which plays host to a vast indoor garden . Just last week it was announced that London 's St Pancras International train station would be installing the second work in its contemporary arts program in April next year . Suspended high above the international terminus , a group of perspex shard sculptures by the artist David Batchelor will encourage the station 's 48 million annual passengers to pause and consider the grandeur of their surroundings . See also : Could Silk Road railways link Asia and Europe ? In a tribute to the world 's most spectacular and culturally significant stations , we 've compiled the gallery above to highlight some of the train terminals that offer more than just a functional mesh of tracks , carriages , signals and platforms . Our list is by no means exhaustive . If we 've missed your favorite station , let us know in the comments section below .	Train and metro stations unlikely hubs of art , culture and style London St Pancras has announced the latest offering of its contemporary arts program CNN lists some of the most spectacular train stations from around the world
CNN Student News  -- June 1 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria New York City ; Michigan Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Scores of bodies were found in a mass grave outside the capital city of Port-au-Prince on Friday , a sign of Haitians ' desperation three days after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake devastated the impoverished nation . At least 100 bodies were discovered by a CNN crew in one open pit outside Port-au-Prince , with several other pits half-filled or completely covered over with earth , presumably full . The bodies were brought to the site by dump trucks , still accompanied by the remnants of what loved ones used to move them -- pieces of plywood , makeshift shrouds and in one case , an old refrigerator . Elsewhere , bodies were being shoved into old crypts in the city 's existing cemeteries . Haiti 's Minister of Civil Protection said Friday that the government estimates more than 50,000 people were killed , with the number possibly closer to 100,000 . There is not yet an official count of the dead from the quake . Despite the death and destruction , hundreds of people , mostly women , took to the streets in an area of the capital on Friday , singing and chanting as they marched down the street -- a sign of resilience amid huge mounds of rubble . It is not the first time such a display has been observed . Singing and clapping has been heard well into the night in a large square that thousands of people have made home after the earthquake , a CNN crew reported . Meanwhile , a crucial 72-hour window elapsed Friday afternoon -- the time to free those who still may be alive trapped under the remains of buildings . An 18-month-old baby was pulled from the rubble Friday , seemingly unharmed . Get the latest developments in Haiti Still , those rescued were n't out of danger as hospitals lacked proper supplies to treat some of them . An 11-year-old girl rescued Thursday -- an effort CNN captured on camera throughout the day -- died later that night from her injuries after a first-aid station said it could n't treat her severe leg wound , her family said . Aid workers continued to trickle into the country Friday , trying to provide water and food to survivors in the capital , which still was being rocked by aftershocks Friday . The quake toppled many of Port-au-Prince 's buildings , and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon estimated Friday that it left as many as "  50 percent of buildings in the worst-hit areas damaged or destroyed . " Many of the capital 's 3 million people are without access to food , water , shelter and electricity , he said , and crews are working "  to save as many lives as possible . " Haitian President Rene Preval identified three priorities in the recovery effort -- get the government back up and running , clear the roads and sanitize the city of the scores of corpses scattered about its streets , he told U.N. television Friday There were small signs of progress in food and water distribution by Friday afternoon . A few fire trucks and tankers were seen distributing water . A U.N. distribution center also was set up -- guarded by Bolivian U.N. peacekeeping troops -- where some 10,000 plates of cooked chicken and rice were handed out to a patient line of survivors . Elsewhere , a U.N. food convoy was rushed by dozens of hungry people who clamored to reach the handouts of nutritional biscuits and water-purification tablets . Impact Your World Ban announced Friday that he will travel to Haiti on Sunday . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also announced Friday that she will visit the quake-battered capital on Saturday , the first major U.S. official to do so . President Obama spoke for about a half-hour with Preval on Friday , pledging the "  full support of the American people , " including long-term help . The relief effort has been challenged by the destruction and the need for more supplies , the U.N. secretary-general said , citing blocked roads and limited capacity at the capital 's one-runway airport . The Federal Aviation Administration ordered a ground stop on all U.S. flights into Haiti Friday because of a lack of ramp space . Haiti aid efforts hampered in critical hours But , Ban said , aid flights are arriving , and food and medical supplies are beginning to be distributed in Port-au-Prince . "  Although it is inevitably slower and more difficult than any of us would wish , we are mobilizing all resources as fast as we possibly can , " Ban said Friday , announcing an appeal for $ 550 million . The United Nations announced Friday that at least 37 of its personnel had died -- 36 with the U.N. mission and one with the World Food Programme . More than 300 are still unaccounted for . U.N. entities in Haiti employ more than 12,000 people . Preval said that he has been touched by the friendship of the American people . He expressed his condolences for the loss of American citizens in Haiti . The State Department has identified at least six U.S. deaths so far and a spokesman said Friday that toll "  will go up . " Despite relative calm , CNN reporters witnessed some sporadic looting and violence Thursday afternoon . Watch how texting is helping to raise money for Haiti "  If help does n't come quickly , it probably will  get worse  , " Agnes Pierre-Louis , manager of her family-owned hotel , the Le Plaza in downtown Port-au-Prince . "  We 're not hearing anything from the government . We 're not seeing any foreign aid yet . " But Lt. Gen. Ken Keen , deputy commander of the U.S. Southern Command , said forces have not "  seen a great deal of insecurity . " The priority now , he said , is cranking up rescue and relief efforts to stave off restiveness . CNN 's Arthur Brice , Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Chris Lawrence and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	At least one mass grave has been dug outside Port-au-Prince Small signs of progress in food and water distribution President Obama offers "  full support of the American people " to Haitian leader U.N. secretary-general , U.S. secretary of state to come to Haiti
CNN  -- From the forests of Ecuador to the shore of the Aral Sea , in the coming months Earth 's Frontiers will be exploring the rich diversity of life on our planet and the challenges of conservation . How can development and the needs of growing populations be balanced against preserving the Earth 's richest and most fragile ecosystems ? It 's a problem that the world 's biodiversity hotspots are facing , and at stake is the very existence of thousands of species of plants and animals . The world 's 34 recognized biodiversity hotspots only cover 2.3 percent of the Earth 's land surface , and have declined by 70 percent from their original vegetation coverage . But despite the decreasing size of these hotspots they are still home to 50 percent of the world 's plant species . Join Earth 's Frontiers later this month as we examine the battle between progress and preservation and what can be learnt , through biomimicry , from nature 's design .	The Earth 's 34 biodiversity hotspots contain 50 percent of global plant species Biodiversity hotpots only cover 2.3 percent of global landmass Balance between human progress and preservation is the greatest battle
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius was not mentally incapacitated when he shot his girlfriend to death , a psychiatric assessment of the athlete has found . The results of the assessment were revealed in court Monday when the Olympic sprinter 's trial resumed after a monthlong break for the evaluation . According to the findings by an independent panel of doctors , Pistorius did not suffer from a mental defect or mental illness at the "  time of the commission of the offense that would have rendered him criminally not responsible of the offenses charged . " The report added that "  Mr. Pistorius was capable of appreciating the wrongfulness of his act . " Had the doctors deemed Pistorius mentally incapacitated during the shooting , the trial would have immediately ended in a verdict of not guilty by reason of mental illness . Pistorius , 27 , is accused of murdering his girlfriend , 29-year-old model and law school graduate Reeva Steenkamp , in his home in February 2013 . Pistorius admits shooting Steenkamp through a closed door , killing her , but has told the court in Pretoria , South Africa , that he mistook her for an intruder . He has pleaded not guilty . The state says Pistorius argued with Steenkamp before killing her . On May 20 , trial Judge Thokozile Masipa ordered Pistorius to report for a psychiatric evaluation to establish whether he was criminally responsible for his actions . The prosecution and defense said they accepted the report 's findings . The defense has resumed its case . Psychiatrist 's testimony Pistorius ' psychiatric testing last month was triggered by the testimony of a psychiatrist who said the sprinter has suffered from generalized anxiety disorder since he was an infant , stemming partly from the amputation his lower legs . The disorder meant Pistorius had "  excessive " concerns about security and felt threatened even when , objectively , he was not , Dr. Merryll Vorster testified on May 12 . After Vorster 's testimony , prosecutor Gerrie Nel filed a motion asking the judge to require psychiatric tests , arguing that if there was any chance the defendant 's mental health was an issue , the court must "  err on the side of caution . " Nel 's extremely unusual move was essentially an effort to maneuver the court into considering an insanity or "  capacity " defense even though the athlete 's legal team is not mounting one , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said . Phelps said Nel appeared to be placing a high-stakes bet that experts would disagree with Vorster 's evidence . Pistorius ' lead defense lawyer , Barry Roux , argued against the tests , describing Nel 's reading of the law as "  unfortunate . " But Masipa ordered the evaluation , saying the defense 's act of putting a psychiatrist on the stand had raised the question of the athlete 's mental health . Testing began on May 26 . Light and balance When court resumed Monday , the defense called Pistorius ' orthopedic surgeon Dr. Gerald Versfeld as a witness . Versfeld described the limitations of Pistorius ' mobility , based on his examination of the athlete and Pistorius ' own description . In his cross-examination , Nel focused on the effect of light on Pistorius ' balance . In his affidavit , Pistorius said he had rushed to the bathroom on stumps with a pistol after hearing a noise . He said he had been too scared to turn the lights on . "  It was pitch dark in the bedroom , and I thought Reeva was in bed . " Nel suggested to Versfeld that it would have been "  highly unlikely " that Pistorius would have been able to walk on his stumps without falling if it had been pitch black in the bedroom , given the objects in it . "  If it was indeed pitch dark , that is so , " Versfeld replied . Roux referred to Pistorius ' evidence that there had been slight illumination . "  The moment there is light available , he will be able to use his vision to balance , " Versfeld said , agreeing that if Pistorius had known the objects in his room , that would also have helped protect him from falling . Sound of screams Acoustic engineer Ivan Lin was the second witness to take the stand Monday . He told court that "  typically , " one can differentiate between male and female screams , but not without exception . Previous witnesses have described hearing a woman 's screams between shots the night Steenkamp died , but the defense has argued that Pistorius sounds "  like a woman screaming " when he 's anxious . Lin said it would be "  impossible " to replicate the "  highly complex sound transmission " from Pistorius ' house the night he killed Steenkamp . He explained how different variables could affect the transmission . Verdict At the trial 's conclusion , Masipa will have to decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a mistake or killed Steenkamp intentionally . If she does not believe the athlete thought there was an intruder , she will find him guilty of murder and sentence him to at least 15 years in prison and possibly life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . If Masipa accepts that Pistorius did not know Steenkamp was the person he was shooting at , she could find him guilty of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , or acquit him , according to CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at Masipa 's discretion . Read more : Judge sends Pistorius for psychiatric tests	A panel of doctors finds Olympian Oscar Pistorius mentally fit to stand trial Pistorius is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp He says he shot Steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intruder The trial was halted in May after the judge ordered Pistorius to undergo psychiatric tests
