CNN  -- Some of the president 's men are still working . In golf 's Presidents Cup , that is . And while U.S. President Barack Obama was n't in attendance in Ohio -- he has more important things to worry about -- a former president , George W. Bush , greeted both teams Thursday at the Muirfield Village Golf Club . The biennial competition , which pits the U.S. against the rest of the world minus Europe , has been kinder to the Americans than the more prestigious Ryder Cup . Indeed since the tournament started in 1994 , only once has the International Team prevailed , and the U.S. has won four in a row . The U.S. featured six players in the top 10 in the rankings , including world No. 1 and PGA Player of the Year Tiger Woods . The International Team , by contrast , had one -- Masters champion Adam Scott . Early indications suggested the U.S. 's superiority in the rankings would translate to an easy victory -- they led all six fourballs in the early stages . But after about a 90-minute delay because of thunderstorms , the International Team fought back . By day 's end , it was 3.5 to 2.5 for the U.S. , a slender advantage . Jason Day 's dramatic putt at the 18th gave the Australian and Graham DeLaet a win over Hunter Mahan and Brandt Snedeker after Woods and Matt Kuchar routed Angel Cabrera and Marc Leishman 5 and 4 . "  It 's awfully fun partnering the No. 1 player in the world , " Kuchar said in a televised interview . The U.S. fell behind as Phil Mickelson and Keegan Bradley lost to Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel 2 and 1 before Scott and Hideki Matsuyama halved with Bill Haas and Webb Simpson . Jason Dufner and Zach Johnson eased past Branden Grace and Richard Sterne 5 and 3 to level the match . In the decider , Steve Stricker and Jordan Spieth edged Ernie Els and Brendon de Jonge . Stricker 's short putt at the 18th gave the U.S. the lead heading into Friday 's foursomes .	After the opening day of the Presidents Cup , the U.S. leads 3.5 to 2.5 in Ohio Thunderstorms temporarily halted play during Thursday 's fourballs at Muirfield Village The U.S. team features six of the world 's top 10 , including No. 1 Tiger Woods The International Team has only won once since the competition started in 1994
CNN Student News  -- November 6 , 2013 On Election Day , some Coloradans considered the idea of seceding from their state . CNN Student News examines why supporters backed this ballot measure despite its likely lack of success . We also report on India 's mission to Mars , and we discuss a controversy surrounding a California Sriracha factory . Plus , we share how learning a language might translate into lucrative job opportunities . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might a state referendum be of interest to a national audience ? Could national news coverage have an impact on the referendum itself ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . political disenfranchisement 2 . Scoville scale 3 . language fluency Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why have some Colorado counties held referendums on whether to secede from the state ? What other perspectives does the report give on this issue ? 2 . What is the destination of an orbiter that India launched yesterday ? What arguments are made for and against India 's space program ? 3 . What 's the difference between a translator and an interpreter ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What factors might lead a country to create a space program ? How might the debate over India 's space program compare and contrast to that debate in other countries ? Explain . 2 . What might be the potential pros and cons of having a manufacturing plant in a community ? How do you think that the dispute between a hot sauce factory and its neighbors could be resolved ? 3 . What might be some benefits and challenges of learning another language ? Why might learning the culture associated with a language be an important aspect of language fluency ? What unique benefits and challenges might come with the job of being an interpreter or translator ? Does this field appeal to you ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Colorado ; Irwindale , California Asia India FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  They are unlikely Internet celebrities : two bald eagles tending their young on the campus of Berry College in North Georgia . But there 's no denying that they 've become an online sensation . Thousands of people tuned in last weekend to watch as two tiny eaglets emerged from their carefully-guarded eggs , thanks to a live streaming Eagle Cam installed by the school . Since then , online viewers have been able to watch Mom dutifully warming her hatchlings while Dad works around the clock to hunt and bring back food . The birds have been featured on TV news broadcasts and been the subject of national and international stories . They even have their own Facebook and Tumblr pages . "  People are personally invested , " said Christine Reinolds Kozelle , director of news and editorial services at Berry College . "  You have this ` Truman Show ' - like experience . People want to be part of it and say they saw it happen . Plus , they are so beautiful . " The eagle pair first appeared on the main campus of Berry College in spring 2012 , nesting in a 100-foot pine tree between the main entrance and the athletic center . Soon , cameras were installed : one on the approach to the tree and two infrared cameras with direct views into the nest . "  When it was discovered , we were really excited about it , " Kozelle said . "  Animal science is one of our most popular majors , so there were a lot of very curious people . We figured we 'd put up the camera and we 'd be able to sell our story as well . We had no idea it would be this popular . No idea . The first year we put it up , we had to move it because we could n't handle the traffic ; it almost crashed our server . " Kozelle said there have been over 20 million views since the livestream was set up last year . But interest spiked significantly last week , as the projected "  hatch date " for the eggs approached . "  We 've gotten calls from all over the world , " she said . "  Handling them has become a full-time job in and of itself . After the U.S. , the second largest number of people following us is in Brazil . Then India . Then Pakistan . " However , the livestream has revealed aspects of life in the wild that are uncomfortable for some viewers . The winter storm that just moved through the region prompted a flurry of worried posts . Even more distressing for some has been the behavior of the larger hatchling . It will peck at its smaller sibling and prevent it from eating -- behavior that has generated a huge amount of commentary online . But school officials point out that this natural behavior for eaglets . "  It 's very common when there is more than one sibling for one to dominate , " Kozelle said . "  This is natural , and we do n't interfere . This is a way to educate people about the natural world . " Still , Kozelle understands why it can be difficult to watch this behavior . "  The struggle with the nest and the temperatures , humans identify with that , " she said . "  We take care of our children and our homes . It 's easy to get attached . " The eagles bring thousands of visitors to the campus of Berry College . Kozelle said exact numbers are hard to come by , but she estimates that 5,000 people come for a glimpse of the eagles every year . The college is pleased with all of the attention . "  One of the wonderful takeaways is that it has brought to light the resurgence of eagles , " Kozelle said . "  They were endangered , and now they are coming back from the brink . " If you 'd like to watch for yourself , the live stream can be found here .	Livecam shows nesting bald eagles on campus of Berry College in north Georgia Thousands watched online last weekend as two eggs hatched
CNN  The Internet was abuzz last week when the cast of the all-female "  Ghostbusters " reboot was announced . The crop of funny ladies charged with eliminating the undead are some of the top female comedians working today . The chatter and support has a lot to do with the fans these women have garnered . It also comes from groups and individuals -- male and female -- who long to see more women headlining major Hollywood films . So , is "  Ghostbusters " progress ? Yes . Is it a panacea ? No . Let 's talk about why . Putting women front and center in film is the exception , not the rule . Using "  Ghostbusters " as an example of how far females have come is like celebrating Kathryn Bigelow 's best director Academy Award -- and forgetting that she 's the only woman ever to take home that honor . You can applaud Katniss , Elsa , and Anna , too . But , they 're following the legions of guys who have protected and ruled the planet , palaces and corporate empires near and far . It 's fair and important to celebrate these high-profile moments of progress . Doing so , however , may dismiss the lack of diversity that persists onscreen and behind the camera in Hollywood movies . Our annual statistics on women 's participation in the year 's 100 top-grossing films reveal stagnation . In 2013 , only 29 % of 4,506 speaking characters evaluated were female . In another study , we examined popular films from 1990 to 1995 . The percentage was 29 % . For those of you who think the past was better , other research shows that women clocked in at 25 % of characters in a sample of movies from the late 1940s . Interestingly , only 28 % of movies in 2013 depicted a female lead or co-lead . Behind the camera it 's even worse . Women rarely get to direct large budget features on the scale of "  Ghostbusters " or "  The Hunger Games . " Across top-grossing films from 2002 to 2013 , only 4.2 % of all directors were female . In 2013 and 2014 , there were only two female directors each year . Even more dismal figures concern black or African-American female directors . Only three black women were directors across 700 popular movies between 2007 and 2014 . What drives the lack of diversity in films ? Our studies with industry leaders  funded by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media and Sundance Institute/Women in Film Los Angeles  reveal that both in front of and behind the camera , perceptions about market forces and money are to blame for the lack of females . Male leads , stories and properties are seen as more profitable , while female stories and casts are seen as a risk . For female directors , the financing structure , subject matter , and even perceived confidence of filmmakers creates a barrier to career progress . Much like pesky poltergeists , these myths about profitability will have to be busted before change can occur . To do so , solutions need to be implemented that overcome implicit biases and circumvent stereotyping . Leveling the playing field when it comes to hiring is one step toward creating a more balanced behind-the-scenes environment . We have previously advocated for a modified version of the NFL 's Rooney Rule : a league-wide commitment to interviewing diverse candidates for coaching positions . Applied to Hollywood , the rule would stipulate that women and candidates from underrepresented backgrounds be considered or even interviewed when hiring film directors . Another solution we 're implementing at USC Annenberg is to look holistically at the entertainment industry from decision-making to the content we view . The USC Annenberg Comprehensive Analysis and Report on Diversity will "  grade " companies based on the diversity within their ranks and the media they create . Media conglomerates can be held accountable for their decisions across film , television and digital productions . While not every story should or can be female-dominated or focus on underrepresented racial and/or ethnic groups , examining a slate of content will reveal where and when stories about diverse groups and individuals are valued and told . Right now , lifting the veil on diversity in Hollywood reveals white men standing behind the curtain . In this environment , casting four women to take care of a metropolitan ghost problem does feel rather extraordinary . Sealing up cracks in the development , casting and hiring pipeline for women and underrepresented groups , however , should result in an onscreen reality that is more representative of the world we live in . Then , the only unreal thing about "  Ghostbusters " will be the ghouls and goblins , not the women busting them .	A "  Ghostbusters " reboot has been announced with all-female leads But lack of diversity persists on screen and behind camera in Hollywood , authors say
Authorities expect to complete the autopsy Friday for a Colorado woman who went missing in Texas last month after traveling the world with her husband , police said . There will be no further updates in the case until the autopsy is complete , Garden Ridge , Texas , Police Chief Donna O'Conner said . Leanne Hecht Bearden had recently returned to the United States after 22 months crisscrossing the globe with her husband , Josh Bearden . Police said Thursday her life may have ended in the woods near a home in central Texas . The couple , who got married at the Denver Zoo and joked on their blog that they epitomized the adage "  opposites attract , " had traveled with just carry-on backpacks to some of the world 's most rugged locations . The couple 's blog indicates they left in January 2012 , traveling across the United States and visiting Canada before venturing on to Oceania , Asia , Africa , Europe and South America . The trip included stops in New Zealand , China , Singapore , Myanmar , Cambodia , India , Rwanda , Egypt , Serbia , Ukraine , Lithuania and Bolivia . Bearden documented trips to a Mount Everest base camp , the Dead Sea , an Indian wedding , Tanzania 's Mount Kilimanjaro , Africa 's Victoria Falls and Serengeti , South America 's Patagonia and Bolivia 's salt flats . Authorities announced Thursday that a body believed to be the 33-year-old woman had been found in Garden Ridge , where she was last seen January 17 heading out from her in-laws ' house for what was supposed to be a one-hour walk . Family members later confirmed her death , saying on a Facebook page dedicated to finding her that they were "  understandably devastated . " "  Leanne was a lovely and remarkable young woman , " the family said , "  and we will all miss her greatly . " Just a few hours earlier Thursday , a post on the same page echoed the optimism and energy that had marked the family 's efforts to find Bearden . "  DO N'T LET UP ! " they urged all those who had joined them in looking for Bearden . "  We are still hopeful . " That hope was dashed after a phone call from a man to police around 12:15 p.m.  1:15 p.m. ET  Thursday , saying there was a body "  in a wooded area near his home in Garden Ridge , " O'Conner said . O'Conner said responding officers "  located what we believe to be the body of Leanne Bearden . " "  We will reserve any information regarding the cause of death until an autopsy has been performed , " the chief said . "  Our thoughts are with the Bearden and Hecht families , and  we  ask that you respect them in their time of grief . " The Beardens returned from their world travels in December , spending a short time in Georgia before heading to visit his family in Garden Ridge , just northeast of San Antonio , according to her brother Michael Hecht . Family : Strong possibility Bearden meant to leave Coming back to her native country was n't necessarily easy , her family suggested . "  The pressure of transitioning from her two-year trip back into what we consider ` normal ' life seems to have left her very anxious and stressed , " they said . After she went missing , relatives and friends worked intently to spread the word as the search for her -- on the ground and from the air , using helicopters -- expanded . One such search in January covered 23 acres . Garden Ridge police noted their concern about Bearden that month , while adding "  there is no indication at this time that  her disappearance  is criminal in nature . " Her family , meanwhile , acknowledged on Facebook that "  there is evidence that Leanne may have voluntarily left the area . " Whether or not that was true , the family pleaded for the public 's help finding her given that -- for all her travels -- the 5-foot-3-inch Bearden "  is extremely vulnerable " and "  her mental and physical status is uncertain . " "  We fear for her greatly , " her family said .	Police chief says there will be no updates until after Friday 's autopsy Leanne Hecht Bearden had recently returned to the U.S. after a 22-month global trek Bearden 's family is "  understandably devastated " and "  we will all miss her greatly " She was last seen January 17 , leaving her in-laws ' house in Texas for a walk
New York  CNN  -- A 35-year-old New York man has been charged with hate crimes in connection with seven "  knockout " assaults , including attacks on two elderly women and a mother walking with her daughter , police said Saturday . Barry Baldwin , a Brooklyn resident , was charged with six counts of assault as a hate crime , six counts of aggravated harassment as a hate crime , and other crimes for a spate of attacks between November 9 and December 27 in predominantly Jewish sections of Brooklyn , police said . Possible ` knockout ' game victim : ` The whole group of kids laughed ' On November 9 , Baldwin allegedly punched a 78-year-old woman who was pushing a stroller -- apparently as part of the "  knockout " assault game , where people try to knock a random stranger unconscious with a single blow . The victim was knocked to the ground . FBI agent quotes Texas man bragging about ` knockout ' On December 7 , he allegedly struck again , punching a 20-year-old woman in the back of the head in Brooklyn . Between December 21 and December 27 , Baldwin allegedly assaulted five more women , including a 33-year-old woman who was walking with her young daughter and another 78-year-old woman . After the attack on the woman walking with her 7-year-old daughter in the Midwood section of Brooklyn , police released a sketch of the suspect . The mother was punched in the back of the head and knocked down , police said . She sustained minor injuries to her knees and hands . The suspect fled on foot . Police keep close eye on reports of disturbing ` knocking ' game Baldwin was arrested December 29 by hate crimes detectives canvassing the neighborhoods where the previous attacks occurred , police said . He was charged after witnesses identified him in a police lineup . At least nine suspected "  knockout " attacks have been reported since October in New York , but police have said they see no evidence of a trend . Authorities have reported similar incidents in New Jersey , Connecticut , Illinois , Missouri and Washington . Feds : ` Knockout ' attack was a hate crime	New York man charged with hate crime assaults in November , December attacks "  Knockout " attackers try to knock a stranger unconscious with single blow Alleged victims included two elderly women and mother walking with young daughter
CNN  -- The weeks have passed and , in most cases , their nerves have calmed . What began as shock , that they were almost victims of an in-flight terrorist attack , has morphed for many into contemplation . There are those who are still talking about what happened to them on Christmas Day , and there are others who are determined to put the incident behind them . The passengers of Northwest Flight 253 may have been one faulty explosive away from disaster . The suspect in that incident , Nigerian-born Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , pleaded not guilty in January to six federal terrorism charges . And he has been talking to authorities , thanks to help from his own family members . But what if the passengers could be part of that conversation ? What would they want to know or say to AbdulMutallab , the government , the world ? CNN reached out by phone and e-mail to find out . More than anything , if they could sit down with AbdulMutallab they would simply ask : Why ? How did a young man who grew up with privilege , education and exposure to the greater world end up accused of attempting a terrorist attack ? "  For me , these are the burning questions , " said Roey Rosenblith , 27 , who co-founded Village Energy , a company in Uganda that hopes to help bring solar electricity to the 80 percent of Africans who have no electrical power . "  I 've never had someone try to murder me , much less someone I did n't even know . So I 'm very interested in finding out more about -LSB- his -RSB- motives so that we might possibly figure out how to avert others from traveling down the same path . " Could the fact that AbdulMutallab is talking to officials signal he has regret , Rosenblith wonders . If not , if he is a "  lost cause , " Rosenblith said he would n't care to waste breath speaking to him . "  I do n't spend a lot of time seeking out conversations with Holocaust deniers , Islamic fundamentalists or religious fanatics of any stripe , " he said . "  I guess I 've decided that people that are beyond the pale of reason are simply that and nothing I say will convince them otherwise . " Melinda Dennis , 31 , was sitting about an arm 's length from AbdulMutallab when he was taken up to first class after the incident . She stared at him , and his blank expression . Now she says she 'd rather speak to others considering the path he is accused of taking . "  No matter what nationality we are or religion we choose , we are still people . I am a human being , a person that faces each day trying to make myself better and enrich the lives of people who know me , " said Dennis , who 's lived the past year-and-a-half in Rotterdam , Netherlands , where she works as a manufacturing project manager . "  Whether I live or die should not be decided on the whim of a person that wishes to brand all Americans as evil people . I am not defined by my nationality , but I believe in the goodness that resides in the people of every country . " Not everyone would let AbdulMutallab get away without hearing from them . If she could speak to him , Lori Haskell , a 32-year-old attorney in Michigan , would give him an earful . "  You attempted to kill my husband and I , as well as 300 other individuals , and you do n't care at all , " are some of the words she said she 'd share . "  You have taken away my carefree attitude about flying and have made me terrified to fly anyplace ever again . I do n't say this word much , because I do n't like it , but I completely and totally hate you and what you did to my family . I never believed in the death penalty until I saw you try to blow me up . " Her anger is directed , too , at government authorities who she and others feel let them down . In the weeks that have followed the Christmas Day incident , further information has come to light about what officials knew or should have known before AbdulMutallab set foot on the airplane . AbdulMutallab 's father had met with U.S. Embassy officials and with the CIA to discuss concerns about his son . U.S. intelligence reportedly knew about "  The Nigerian " who had ties to Yemen , and they even had a partial name of "  Umar Farouk . " Customs and Border Protection officers say he was on a list of people who should be questioned when entering the U.S. . They planned to talk to him once the aircraft landed in Detroit . But before they could do that , authorities say AbdulMutallab attempted to ignite an explosive device hidden in his underwear . "  I would ask -LSB- officials -RSB- to not get complacent ... just because we did n't die , " Dennis said . "  We were lucky , pure and simple . " Added Mirco Lammerts , of the Netherlands , a 46-year-old father who was traveling with his wife and two teens : "  Why were we forced to stay on the plane while they knew there might be a risk of another bomb on board ? Why were we being held like cattle for almost seven hours without any information at all ? " His concern may be fueled by the helplessness he felt after his 13-year-old daughter , seated directly behind AbdulMutallab , leapt into his lap and grew hysterical . No one knew , when the flight landed , that there were no other explosives on board , and for this reason , Patricia "  Scotti " Keepman echoed similar concerns : "  Why did you allow the passengers to remain on the plane until you removed AbdulMutallab ? Why were we not your first priority ? " Keepman , 51 , her husband and grown daughter were making their way home to Oconomowoc , Wisconsin , with two new family additions in tow -- a boy and girl they 'd just adopted from Ethiopia . After the incident on the plane , as it descended into Detroit , the family found comfort in their religious beliefs , joining hands and singing "  Jesus Loves Me . " In the aftermath , they still draw on their faith . "  Do not let people in this world filled with hatred stop you from experiencing everything this world has to offer . God is in control in the end , so you need not fear what ` might ' happen , but rest in knowing that you are in his hands , " she said , as a warning to others whose lives may be touched by terrorists . Some people like Beau Taylor , who at 35 has dedicated his professional life to economic and rural development in places that have included Iraq , do n't even want to think about this incident anymore . "  I have put the experience behind me , " said Taylor , who has witnessed up close the destruction of bombs , "  and do not wish to revisit it at this point . " But at least one passenger , who said he remains "  tormented " by the experience and "  disappointed " in the government , wants not only to keep revisiting it but to get the passengers recognition for surviving it . Alain Ghonda , a 38-year-old real estate developer who lives in Silver Spring , Maryland , would like passengers to sign a petition so that they may all be honored by President Obama , the state of Michigan , Northwest Airlines and its parent company Delta Air Lines . He is convinced that it is because of the passengers -- "  We were all heroes , " he said recently -- that Flight 253 did n't become the next 9/11 . "  Would we have been dead , " he said , "  our spouses and children would have been guests at the White House and Congress , receiving medals and American flags . " This kind of thinking bothers Lammerts , who fired off a response to Ghonda 's request , saying , "  It does not matter who did or did not do anything . Fact of the matter is that we would not have been able to do anything at all if the igniter would have functioned properly . ... We are victims of a failed terrorist attack . " Lammerts said he and his family "  are getting on with our lives and are just extra grateful for being alive , " and he told Ghonda , "  I recommend you try and do the same . Live your life to the fullest . " That 's a message that Rosenblith , who is back in Kampala , Uganda , carries with him , too . "  Though this might sound strange , for me personally almost getting killed 30,000 feet above the earth by an al Qaeda terrorist has been one of the best things that 's ever happened to me , " he said . "  Now being alive , seeing the blue sky , hearing the rain fall , eating a delicious meal , drinking a beer with a friend -- everyday stuff just feels like an amazing gift . ... I feel as though I 've somehow cheated death and against all odds been given this gift of continuing my life . " And he recognizes this gift every single day . "  I actually have my boarding pass framed now , and it 's sitting on my desk , right next to a little prayer book I keep with its page turned to Psalm 23 , " he said . "  I keep it there simply to remind myself that whatever happens to me , things could always be far worse . "	Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab allegedly tried to detonate bomb on Northwest Flight 253 As accused would-be bomber speaks to authorities , passengers share their thoughts Frustration with government and fear remains for some , while others move on Having "  cheated death , " one passenger is grateful for "  this gift of continuing my life "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A 15-year-old boy remained in a psychiatric facility Tuesday after Monroe , New York , police arrested him in connection with a plot to attack his former high school on the anniversary of the 1999 Columbine High School shooting , police said . Police say the boy targeted Monroe-Woodbury High School , although he was no longer a student there . He was charged as a juvenile and faces two felony counts of criminal possession of a weapon , Monroe Police Chief Dominic Giudice said . Police withheld the name of the teen , who was arrested Monday after police executed a search warrant at his residence . There they found four bottles filled with gasoline , a torch , machete , black trench coat , three propane tanks , two computers , items that could be used as fuses and several other electronic devices , according to a Monroe Police Department press release issued Tuesday . The supplies were found in the garage , Giudice said , but the teen 's parents had been unaware of their son 's intentions until he told police what he had planned to do . Police also discovered the teen had actively been seeking a military assault-type weapon that could "  hold as many rounds as possible . " The boy told police investigators he had been bullied by fellow students and had been told that he resembled Columbine shooter Eric Harris , the press release said . A detective on the case told Giudice that the teen appeared to be composed during the interview , as if he were just having another conversation . Police said the plot was planned for April 20 at Monroe-Woodbury High School , which is the anniversary of the Columbine shooting in Colorado , in which 12 students and a teacher were killed . The date also is Adolf Hitler 's birthday . "  He said that he had a lot of hatred toward a lot of the kids who attend that school , " the press release said . The boy had attended the Monroe-Woodbury Central School District but recently began attending another school , police said . In a statement released by the Monroe-Woodbury Central School District today , superintendent Joseph DiLorenzo indicated that students had come forward with information that may have averted the alleged plot . "  We are working closely with law enforcement to do everything possible to keep our children safe , " he said .	Monroe , New York , police say boy , 15 , had bomb materials Police : "  He had a lot of hatred toward a lot of the kids " at his former school Police say boy had bottles of gasoline , a torch , black trench coat , other items Teen had been told he resembled Columbine shooter , police say
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- A large demonstration in downtown Amman on Friday ended peacefully a week after clashes erupted between pro-government and anti-government demonstrators near the Al Husseini Mosque . On Friday , rows of police officers separated pro-government supporters from anti-government protesters . Some in the pro-government march carried a large Jordanian flag and posters of the king . Many in the large group of anti-government protesters , which spanned several blocks , waved Jordanian flags , banners and signs . A small boy held a sign over his head which read , "  No to thugs-Yes to freedom . " Police said four activists were injured last Friday during clashes , one of which involved demonstrators calling for political reform and a group of men with sticks . Some of the protesters say police failed to protect the demonstrators from what they described as an attack . Lt. General Hussein Majali , the public security directorate chief , said there were 20 officers on site last week when the clashes broke out and the reserves -- who were about five minutes away -- were called in and they changed their tactics accordingly . When asked about police intervention during the second incident , Majali said , "  It could have been faster . " During the second clash he said , "  the people came running and the police ran also and even worked to separate them . " Police have tried to maintain a minimum presence during the marches to reduce tensions between police and protesters . Police presence during this week 's demonstration increased significantly . The government has called for an investigation into the attacks . Minister of Justice Hussein Mjalli formed a committee that is now conducting an independent investigation into the attacks . Mjalli said that two suspects have been placed under arrest in connection with the case , and warrants have been issued for the arrest of another 11 suspects . This week 's protest was the latest in a string of protests throughout the country and came as anti-government protests have spread across the Middle East and north Africa . During Friday 's downtown demonstration , at least one pro-government demonstrator , Nedal Dudin , tried to find some common ground between the groups . "  We are here today to prove that we are all Jordanian , " he said . Meanwhile , the much larger group of anti-government protesters , including a mix of independent activists marching alongside leftists , Baathists , Islamists and youth activists , made it clear the time for change is now . The Popular Unity Party 's youth party chief Fakher Da'as said his group wants to see a new elections law within two months , rather than the three-to-nine-month plan the government has proposed . The Islamic Action Front  IAF  , the political arm of the Jordan branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , participated in Friday 's demonstration after steering clear of the downtown marches for two weeks , participating in demonstrations in front of the Egyptian Embassy and organizing other activities instead . Nimer Al-Assaf , deputy secretary general of the IAF , said the group 's decision to join to protesters this week was motivated in part by concern over the attack on demonstrators last week . "  We are here to say to the government we want you to take serious measures against the people who attacked the demonstrators last week . " Hamza Mansour , secretary general of the IAF echoed those concerns , saying , "  We 're here today to condemn the ` baltaja '  acts of thugs  that we 've seen in the streets of Amman . " He added that the group also joined Friday 's demonstration to reassert the right of peaceful expression and their demands for reform . He said while the government has started with positive steps , like the progress made on amending the public meetings law , it 's not enough . "  We need them to speed things up , " Mansour said during Friday 's march . "  We want fast , constitutional reforms that will lead us to a parliamentary government . We want reforms that will make the parliament a true representative of the Jordanian nation . " Mansour said the IAF and other opposition groups recently sent a letter to Bakhit asking for the new elections law and the political parties law to be addressed within two months . The government , meanwhile , has announced the formation of a national dialogue committee headed by the prime minister and eight ministers that will spend the next three-to-nine months engaging with groups across the political spectrum in order to come up with proposals for revising the two laws . Last Sunday , King Abdullah II told his new government to enact "  real and quick reform " amid growing protests around the Middle East , promising to root out corruption and give lawmakers a bigger role in government . Khalid Kalaldeh , secretary general of the Left Social Movement remarked , "  Yes , we heard the king 's speech but we have to see that on the ground , the government has to take some actions to apply this speech , until that time we are marching . " While there was an announcement at the march to return downtown on March 4 to demonstrate , the IAF and the Muslim Brotherhood say they now plan to meet with other opposition party leaders Monday night before announcing final plans for next Friday .	Anti-government protesters want faster political reform Pro- and anti-government groups clashed last week This week , police kept the two groups separated The protest comes as demonstrations spread across the Middle East and Africa
CNN  -- He has been at the center of Asia 's biggest sex scandal , but now actor Edison Chen has broken his silence on the public episode that has ended careers and caused him to face at least one reported death threat . Internet sex photos of Edison Chen and starlets caused a huge media storm and fall from grace for many . Talking exclusively to CNN on his return to Hong Kong , where he had been forging a career in the movies , Chen reveals his side of the scandal that broke in early last year when hundreds of sexually explicit photos of Chen with other celebrities turned up on the Internet . "  There 's been a lot of talk through the past year and a half about this or that and a lot of rumors , a lot of hearsay , and I feel , you know , I 've kept quiet just to kind of respect everyone and respect the law , " Chen told CNN . A Hong Kong computer technician was sentenced to more than eight-and-a-half months in jail for dishonestly obtaining access to the intimate photos when Chen sent his computer in for repairs . But it is still unclear exactly how the images made their way to the web . Watch the full exclusive TV interview with Edison Chen online " The photographs caused shock in Hong Kong and across Asia , with around 1,300 salacious images fueling front page news for tabloids for weeks . There was also a huge public backlash against the 28-year-old who has been one of the rising young stars of Asia cinema . After the scandal broke , Chen , who admitted taking the photos , announced his retirement from Hong Kong 's entertainment business and fled to his native Canada . Added to the media attention , Chen says he faced death threats . A bullet was sent to a TV station in Hong Kong earlier this year warning the entertainer to stay out of the limelight . While Chen issued his own apology for any hurt or embarrassment caused soon after the photos surfaced , he maintains he suffered as well . "  I believed I was a victim . I believed that I was hurt by this a lot . I believed that ... I knew that I had nothing to do with the spreading of these photos , " he told CNN in the exclusive interview . "  I ca n't say I did n't do anything wrong . I 've admitted that I was wrong , and I would n't say sorry if I was n't wrong . But I also believe that at the same time that I was n't the perpetrator , and I had suffered a lot from this as well . " Chen has suffered a spectacular fall from grace and some of the starlets in the photos have endured public disgrace in this culturally conservative region . For some , careers have been left in ruins . Chen says he has not spoken to any of the women identified in the photos since the scandal broke . "  Initially it was because I could n't find them . Secondly , it was because I did n't really know how to approach and really what to say to be honest with you , " Chen told CNN . Cecilia Cheung was one of the actresses identified in the photos and in a recent interview , she had strong criticism for Chen . "  I was n't allowed to talk to her in the initial because of the police request and they were investigating me ... I had so much things on my mind , " said Chen . "  I 'm not trying to say that that justifies any wrongdoing that she thinks I 've done to her . But I hope that she can understand , and I hope that she can forgive me either today or one day , and she 'll understand that I had my difficulties , and I really , really never wished this to happen upon anyone , and I still respect her . " Watch the full exclusive TV interview with Edison Chen online . " Chen talks at length to CNN 's Anjali Rao about the women involved in the photographs , why he took the images , the effect the scandal had on his health , his family and others .	Actor gives exclusive interview with CNN on the sex scandal that rocked Asia Chen faced death threats ; careers of some girls in explicit photos ruined Returns to Hong Kong to explain his side of scandal and its effects Watch even more from the interview in exclusive online only footage
A new Pew Research Center study shows that millennial women are entering the workplace at near wage parity , with the narrowest pay gap on record . Millennial women like me are more likely to have graduated from college than their male counterparts . We have role models like Marissa Mayer and new General Motors CEO Mary Barra . Today , there 's a much more open conversation about sexism and how it manifests than there was 10 years ago . And it 's no coincidence that a recent poll from Ms. magazine found that 73 % of women voters under 30 identify as feminist . It would seem today 's young women are set for the post-feminist professional paradise dreamed up by our foremothers . But until women are paid the same as men , we will never be truly equal . In a capitalist society , money is the key indicator of worth . The wage gap has functioned across history to make women dependent on men as providers . We ca n't save as much for retirement , stash away cash to treat ourselves or even take care of our families in the way we want if we 're starting at a deficit . This is an issue of financial security for a generation already facing much more instability than our parents or grandparents . READ : Millennial women are closing pay gap , but pessimistic about workplace equality The Pew study found that an astounding 75 % of millennial women believe more changes are needed to combat gender inequality in the workplace . It makes sense , then , that these are the same young activists who have been working valiantly for the passage of the Paycheck Fairness Act and who see working-class heroine Lilly Ledbetter as a more imitable role model than Sheryl Sandberg . Millennial women can get involved by letting their representatives know they want legislation that addresses wage parity for men and women . Additionally , one of the most powerful things young women can do for their own negotiations is to organize with their peers before and after taking a job , so they can know compare notes and know if they are being underpaid . Information makes a difference in knowing what to ask for . The best news to come out of this study is that we strongly and rightly acknowledge that the old boy 's club is still in place . Young women are far more likely than men their age to cite the continued existence of the wage gap and the reality -- supported by a glance at a recent study on the stagnant role of women on corporate boards -- that men have it easier when it comes to getting the top job . They are just as likely as older women to say that society is set still set up to serve men . That 's notable and promising , since many women my age have been fed the myth that the feminist movement achieved its goals and sexism no longer exists . But I worry that we , as young women , while understanding sexism to be a systemic problem , still think of it as something we have to fix individually -- and therefore , we do n't want to see ourselves as victims of it . In the Pew study , I was surprised to see that while women are highly aware of gender discrimination and the different forms it takes , very few reported experiencing it themselves . READ : The generation we love to dump on It 's much less scary to imagine sexism as something that happens to other women . Once you 're forced to admit that you 've experienced it , you have to either accept it or do something about it . Feminism is hearing your pain and your struggle in another woman 's voice and suddenly realizing there 's nothing wrong with you and nothing wrong with her , but something wrong with the world trying to make you think there is . It 's easy to focus the conversation on specific examples of highly privileged women who 've made it to the upper echelons of power . But feminism is n't about making it possible for a few women to get power . Instead , it 's about changing the system from the ground up so that all women have that opportunity . In order to do that , women have to be on an equal playing field in terms of pay from the moment they accept their first job . Some may take from this new study that millennial women , despite the narrowing wage gap , have a bleak view of their future . As a member of that group , I 'd argue that we have a realistic view . It 's that understanding -- that the fight is not over and there is still much more work to be done -- that might make us the generation that crafts workplaces and a world where sexism is truly a thing of the past .	New Pew Research study shows millennial women face narrowest pay gap on record Shelby Knox : Until women are paid the same as men , we will never be truly equal 75 % of millennial women believe more change is needed to combat workplace inequality Knox : Millennial women might be the generation to make workplaces equal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An attorney for convicted Washington-area sniper John Allen Muhammad , who is scheduled to be executed November 10 , will seek clemency from Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine on October 22 . John Allen Muhammad listen to testimony from victims ' relatives during his 2004 sentencing . Jonathan Sheldon said he will also file an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court on November 2 . He posted the dates Tuesday on his law firm 's Web site . During a three-week period in October 2002 , police say , Muhammad and young accomplice Lee Boyd Malvo shot 13 people , killing 10 . Malvo , who was 17 at the time , was convicted in one shooting and was sentenced to life in prison . Muhammad is to be executed for the murder of Dean Harold Meyers at a Manassas , Virginia , gas station . Meyers was killed by a single bullet , which became the signature of the two-person sniper team . Kaine told CNN affiliate WTOP Radio during its "  Ask the Governor " program last month that he could n't imagine a circumstance under which he would grant clemency . "  I know of nothing in this case that would suggest that there is any credible claim of innocence or that there was anything procedurally wrong with the prosecution , " Kaine said . Under Virginia law , condemned prisoners can choose to die by electric chair or by lethal injection . If the inmate does not state a preference , he or she is executed by lethal injection .	John Allen Muhammad is to be executed November 10 for a Virginia slaying Police say Muhammad and an accomplice killed 10 people in October 2002 Gov. Tim Kaine has said he could n't imagine a circumstance for clemency On his firm 's Web site , attorney says he will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court
After a shaky start , an extended cease-fire in Gaza appeared to be holding Thursday . Rocket fire from Gaza late Wednesday , near the end of the initial truce , and early Thursday , as the extension began , raised doubts about whether it would last . Israeli airstrikes in response to the rockets added to fears that fighting was ratcheting up again . But the exchange of fire was limited and did n't last long . Quiet returned to the skies over Gaza , aside from the familiar buzz of Israeli drones . By noon Thursday in Gaza City , many people had left U.N. shelters to visit the neighborhoods they had fled during the fighting , and traffic had once again filled the bustling streets . Israeli and Palestinian officials said they had accepted the five-day extension of the truce . The initial three-day cease-fire had expired at midnight . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev accused Hamas , the militant Islamic group that holds power in Gaza , of violating the truce with the overnight rocket fire . But Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri had earlier denied that the organization had anything to do with firing any rockets toward Israel , leaving it unclear which Palestinian group had launched them . ` Still sticking points ' Israeli and Palestinian delegations had been negotiating in Cairo through Egyptian go-betweens in an attempt to find a more lasting end to hostilities . Under the cease-fire extension , they are expected to return to the indirect talks over the weekend . "  There remains a positive atmosphere towards reaching a comprehensive agreement , " Azzam al-Ahmed , the lead Palestinian negotiator told reporters late Wednesday . "  But there are still sticking points . " Khalil al-Hayya , a leader of Hamas , described the negotiations as both difficult and serious . He accused Israel of "  playing semantic games . " "  Since we are determined  to work things out  , we agreed to extend the humanitarian truce in order to hold more in-depth consultations -- and to allow more pressure on the Israelis , internally and externally , so they agree with our demands , " the Hamas leader said . The two sides ' demands are n't easy to reconcile . Israel says it wants Hamas to disarm and Gaza to be demilitarized . The Palestinian delegation in Egypt , which includes Hamas , has demanded an end to Israel 's economic blockade on Gaza , an extension of fishing rights off the coast , the reopening of an airport and seaport and the release of prisoners held by Israelis . Al-Ahmed , head of the Palestinian team , said late Wednesday that there 's still no agreement on the opening of crossings into Israel , "  the launching of a free fishing zone " and various "  security issues . " Israel : Hamas is ` wild card ' The Gaza conflict has killed more than 1,900 people on the Palestinian side , most of them believed to be civilians , and 67 on the Israeli side , most of them soldiers . Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system has intercepted some of the roughly 3,500 rockets fired from Gaza since the conflict began . Regev told CNN on Thursday that the key to a longer-term solution was an end to rocket fire from Gaza . "  If there 's no hostile fire from Gaza into Israel , of course we can have serious discussions about easing restrictions , " he said . They 're only there in the first place as a response to the violence . " Hamas is the "  wild card , " Regev said , expressing skepticism that the group would give up violence . But Hanan Ashrawi , an executive member of the Palestine Liberation Organization , said the Israelis "  keep blaming Hamas for everything . " She suggested that the Israeli government "  stop trying to demonize , dehumanize and blame Hamas and the Palestinians , " saying it should instead "  make the cease-fire hold and move to ending the occupation and dealing with all the root causes . " Israel and its neighbors : Decades of war Opinion : Why Israel is its own worst enemy Opinion : Hypocrisy of ` condemn Israel ' campaign Is Mideast peace as far away as ever ?	Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev says Israel accepts truce extension He accuses Hamas of violating the cease-fire overnight with rocket fire A Hamas spokesman had earlier denied responsibility for any rockets launched Israeli and Palestinian officials are expected to resume indirect talks in Cairo at the weekend
CNN  -- The attorney for Scott A. Smith , who was arrested after attending the latest Batman movie armed with a gun , ammunition and knives , said the deadly shooting in Aurora , Colorado , last month prompted his client to bring the weapons for protection . "  He had a fear and wanted to protect himself , " attorney Matthew Bruce said Friday . Smith , 37 , made his first appearance in court Thursday and is currently being held on $ 250,000 bond . He was arrested Saturday and charged with two counts of carrying a concealed weapon and 19 counts related to carrying weapons "  under disability , " charges that refer to the effects of prescription drugs Smith was taking , said Nicole DiSanto of the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor 's Office . Police say Saturday night Smith went to the Regal Theater in Westlake , Ohio , to see the 10:30 p.m. showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " CNN poll : Gun control attitudes have n't changed after shootings According to DiSanto , Smith was the first to arrive , 30 minutes before the movie 's start , and took a seat in the back row , directly in the middle , with his back to a wall . A manager at the theater and an off-duty police officer grew suspicious of where he sat , and they noticed the bag Smith was carrying . They asked to search the bag , DiSanto said , and inside found a loaded 9 mm semiautomatic handgun , two loaded magazine clips and three knives . Police said Smith was carrying another knife on his person . His attorney said he had arrived early to get the best seat in the theater . "  That 's just the kind of person he is , " said Bruce , who acknowledged that Smith was not carrying the gun legally . Smith told the off-duty officer he was carrying the gun and knives for protection , to protect himself and other moviegoers , said police , who took him into custody . A search of Smith 's home turned up more weapons , including rifles , shotguns and survivalist gear . Analysis : Fewer U.S. gun owners own more guns Westlake police Lt. Ray Arcuri said police believe Smith 's position in the movie theater was "  tactical : " not only was he protected from the back , but he could have fired to his right , left and center on anyone in the theater in front of him . About 80 people attended the movie that night . In 1995 , Smith enlisted in the U.S. Army but did not finish basic training , according to Army spokesman George Wright . The charges against Smith follow the mass shooting last month in Aurora , Colorado , where a gunman fired on a crowd of moviegoers watching a showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " The attack killed 12 people . CNN 's Julian Cummings , Deb Feyerick and Karan Olson contributed to this report .	NEW : The attorney says CO shooting prompted his client to bring weapons to movie A theater manager , police officer became suspicious because of where he sat Police say Smith told them he was carrying a gun and knives to protect himself
CNN  Jackson Gordon is no ordinary 21-year-old . By day he is an industrial design student at Philadelphia University , but Gordon has another side to him -- a side altogether darker , tougher and more enigmatic . Hanging in his workshop Gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife . Gordon has an alter ego : the Dark Knight himself , Batman . You might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery , but speaking to CNN Gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place . Gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay . "  Previously I 'd been involved with costume making ... I 'd made a version of the Batsuit from Christopher Nolan 's ` Dark Knight Trilogy ' and I really liked that suit , " Gordon says . But , as elaborate as his design was , it lacked the functionality or the authenticity of the genuine article . "  I was frustrated every time I wore it , " Gordon explains . "  It really limited my mobility and I did n't like that -- it did n't go with the character . " In September 2014 he bit the bullet , deciding "  to do another one that would n't inhibit my mobility and would actually provide protection and function more like Batman 's actual suit . " The Batsuit had to be strong -- tough enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife , the impact of a punch or a baseball bat , but light and articulate enough to make it practical . Striking such a balance required expensive materials , and they did n't come cheap . Gordon therefore fired up a Kickstarter campaign . He "  did n't really think anyone would fund it or even be interested in it " -- he raised $ 1,255 in 6 days . "  It was a little surprising , " Gordon demurs . Writing out his shopping list , it was important that "  everywhere , even places without armor plating , had some sort of protection . " Kevlar was sourced as the base fabric , making it "  cut and slash resistant to bladed weapons , but breathable and wearable all day . " Eschewing conventional materials , Gordon opted for a form of memory foam , built around key areas to "  squish and compress , " dissipating the impact of blows . After much experimenting with "  polycarbonates and extruded PVC materials , " 1/4 " Kydex  or ABS  plastic formed the tough armor plates , located on the torso , forearms and shins . Stab resistant , Gordon says "  it can take anything but a gunshot . " The cowl was more problematic , being "  nearly impossible " to craft out of the same materials within the limits of his workshop . Gordon therefore took a mold of his head using Sintra plastic , "  working on top of that with different sculpting clays and soft plastics to get it into a recognizable Batman shape . " Using a two part box mold Gordon was able to create a "  silicone jacket " of this , into which liquid polyurethane was poured , forming the final , "  durable and functional " cowl . Gordon  who does n't appear to be related to Gotham City 's police commissioner , James Gordon  is also an expert in Shaolin Kung Fu : he is both brains and brawn , a cross between Bruce Wayne and Batsuit designer Lucius Fox from Nolan 's Batman trilogy . Legendary , the production company behind the films , has taken note of his design and given it their seal of approval . The Batsuit has made appearances at conventions and proved a showstopper among his fellow students and the faculty . "  People love the theatricality of it , " its designer says . That the product so closely mimics DC 's fantastical comic book creation has had resonance . He has already begun manufacturing the cowls for the public , with "  fully adjustable " jackets going up for sale on his site Armatus Design "  in the next couple of weeks . " The jackets have received particular attention . Gordon has received "  easily over 50 requests from people , " and not just from the cosplay community . "  They range from recreational use to martial artists ... but also motorcycle and All Terrain Vehicle riders who want protective gear and prefer the look and functionality of -LSB- Gordon 's -RSB- suit . " Perhaps because of their versatility and the small matter of copyright issues , those that go on sale will not feature the iconic bat symbol . Gordon says his fledgling business will remain small whilst he 's at University -- he has to finish he studies after all , and wo n't be using the project towards his degree credits . For now the Batsuit and Armatus Design will remain a one man operation : such is the life of a superhero .	21-year-old student Jackson Gordon has designed and built a functional Batsuit Made with money raised on Kickstarter , the outfit has received a prestigious endorsement
CNN  -- A 10-year-old girl , brutally raped , confronts her attacker in court . The culprit -- a cleric -- tries to pass it off as "  consensual sex . " A judge sentences him to 20 years and some $ 30,000 in fines . What 's extraordinary is that these scenes played out Saturday in a courtroom in Kabul , Afghanistan . The case is being hailed by women 's rights groups and activists as a watershed moment , in a country where women are still the targets of violence , despite reforms since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . "  This case shows the level of cruelty that children in Afghanistan face , " said Horia Mosadiq , an Afghanistan researcher with Amnesty International . "  This is not an isolated case . " What 's unusual about this case is that the victim had the courage to step forward , said Naheed Samadi Bahram , program director for Women for Afghan Women , or WAW , an international women 's rights organization helping with the case . "  It makes us believe and trust more in the justice system in the country , " Bahram said , speaking to CNN by phone from Kabul . "  A little young girl from a far province gets justice for herself , this is amazing . This is a success for human rights in the country " . A hateful crime The rape occurred in May , in the girl 's village in Kunduz , in northern Afghanistan , according to media reports . The group sheltered the victim and helped her family navigate the legal process . This is their account of what happened : The perpetrator , Mullah Mohammad Amin , was a local mullah who taught the girls religious studies . One day in May , the mullah asked three girls to stay behind after classes to help clean the mosque . When they were about to leave , he asked the victim to stay . He then tied her hands , taped her mouth and raped her . She went home and was later examined by a doctor , who confirmed the rape . The police were informed and the mullah was arrested . The girl stayed at the WAW women 's shelter for a few days and was then sent to Kabul for treatment . Amin was prosecuted under the Elimination of Violence against Women law , passed in 2009 . While the law has been on the books for the past few years , it had not been strongly implemented , Najia Nasim , country director for WAW , told CNN from Kabul . "  To seek justice for these cases is unusual . They are normally not reported ; even if they are reported they are not followed up . The women do n't want to bring shame to their family . Some are not aware of the law ; others do n't trust the government . " Patti Gossman , a senior researcher on Afghanistan at Human Rights Watch , agreed that it is uncommon for rape cases to get this far . "  It 's quite unusual that she would bring this case , " Gossman said . "  Most women would be afraid . " There was also concern , when this case surfaced , about honor killings , she said . Dramatic courtroom testimony On Saturday , the victim showed up at the Kabul courtroom accompanied by her father and uncle , said Bahram , who attended the proceedings in Kabul . The trial lasted nearly two hours , she said . The mullah sat on the floor , shackled with chains attached to handcuffs , Bahram said , while his young victim kept her face covered with a scarf . She wept most of the time , Bahram said . The trial began with the mullah 's two defense attorneys reading his statement given to police after his arrest , in which the cleric admitted to having sex with the girl . The lawyers tried to persuade the court that the sex was consensual and that he should be given only 100 lashes as punishment , Bahram said . Judge Sulaiman Rasouli rejected that argument because it would mean lashing the girl too and treating her as an adulterer rather than a rape victim , according to news reports . When Amin , speaking in his own defense , said the victim had seduced him , the girl reacted strongly . "  You are a liar ... I never loved you ... you forced me to do this , you ruined my life ... God will hate you for what you did to me , he will punish you , " Bahram said , paraphrasing the victim . The girl 's father also spoke up in the court , saying he trusted his daughter and that she never lied , Bahram said . "  The welcome step in this case is that the judge did not charge the child , " said Gossman . "  In a country where there are several women and girls imprisoned for moral crimes , that 's a positive . " The court sentenced the mullah to the maximum 20-year sentence . Amin 's lawyers are expected to appeal to try to reduce the sentence . Victim still traumatized The victim is still very traumatized and emotionally fragile , said Nasim , who met the girl Sunday . "  She 's a very shy girl ; she does not talk much , but when you ask her about the case she starts to cry , " Nasim said . In an interview with Afghanistan 's TOLO news agency , her father , who is deaf , said he hopes the sentencing would dissuade other perpetrators from committing such crimes in the future . "  Justice should be preserved so others will send their children to mosques , " he told TOLO . "  When family and victims raise their voice it is unusual , but luckily more and more families are speaking out , " said Amnesty International 's Mosadiq , who credits the hard work of women 's rights groups for the legal victory . "  To some extent this is a victory , but we still have a long way to go . "	Afghan cleric raped 10-year-old girl in mosque Girl confronts attacker in a dramatic trial in Kabul courtroom Judge sentences him to 20 years in prison Women 's rights activists hail decision
CNN  -- It 's almost that time : the once-a-decade-moment when the U.S. Bureau of the Census tries to determine the population . Counting more than 300 million residents is a complex and costly operation  an estimated $ 14 billion  , but the results yield the basis for how we apportion Congress , distribute more than $ 400 billion in federal funds and understand basic changes to the number and geographic distribution of U.S. residents . The largest challenge that the Census Bureau faces is ensuring everyone is counted , regardless of where they live , who they live with and perhaps most controversially , regardless of whether they are authorized to live in the United States . Most households will receive a census form by mail in mid-March to be filled out as of Census Day , April 1 . First results of state counts for redistricting purposes must be delivered by December 31 . The rest of the results will be released over a period of time that ends in 2013 . Filling out a census form is mandatory by law . The 2010 Census will have 10 basic questions for each household member , but it is viewed as a burdensome task by some because they see the questions as too personal or the process too intrusive . Others distrust what the government will do with the information or fear that it may be used against them . Some are hampered by language barriers . Still others have more than one residence . Every decade , the Census Bureau works hard to make sure everyone is counted once and only once . And it makes an extra effort to count those who have traditionally been hard to count : racial and ethnic minorities , immigrants and the poor . This coming census -- the largest count of the U.S. population with more immigrants and minorities than ever -- will be complicated further by the economic downturn and foreclosure crisis because many people are "  doubling up " or otherwise living in temporary quarters . The census questionnaire asks for a count of all people who live and sleep in the household "  most of the time , " as of April 1 , but not those who are living away at college or in the military or those who are living in a nursing home or who are in a jail , prison or detention facility .  They are counted separately from households . "  Home " may have changed recently for those whose hardship leaves them little choice but to live with relatives or friends , however temporary that may be . "  Home " for displaced residents of the Gulf Coast may be miles away from where they lived before the devastation that Hurricanes Katrina and Rita wrought in their communities . "  Home " for some immigrants is in U.S. communities even though they are not legally residing in the United States . And "  home " may be in a prison or detention center in a state far away from the inmate 's hometown residence . These are the very residents that Census will try hardest to enumerate this spring . Abutting the challenges of where to call home are the public debates surrounding them : -- Civil rights leaders , recognizing the unique context of the Gulf Coast region , are working hard to ensure an accurate local Census . At the same time , other regional leaders would like to see displaced Gulf Coast residents counted where they lived before the storms . -- A coalition of African American leaders is lobbying for inmates to be counted in their place of residence before imprisonment . -- A tug-of-war has ensued between Latino leaders on one side who are working to get an accurate count of the population regardless of legal status and those on the other side who are advocating a census boycott by immigrants as a way to put pressure on Congress to move forward with federal immigration reform . -- A recent amendment introduced in the Senate would have delayed the implementation and hiked up the cost of the census , had it passed . In an attempt to exclude the unauthorized population from the official count for congressional apportionment purposes , it would have required questions on citizenship and immigration status for each respondent . That data is not collected to encourage participation in the census . The senators missed the deadline by two years to make a change of that order of magnitude . Given the demands and challenges , it is vital that we bear in mind the importance of achieving an accurate count and the economic , political and policy implications if we fail . Understanding our changing population : State and local data on age , race and ethnicity , household size and composition help communities with projections for school enrollment , housing , transportation and health care . Businesses use census data for decisions about where to locate and for marketing purposes . Information from the census is used to prepare for emergency services , research changes and advocate for various causes . Distributing federal dollars geographically : More than $ 400 billion a year is at stake , federal funds that go to states and localities to build schools , hospitals , highways and fund programs such as Medicaid . Apportioning Congress : The redistricting and apportionment of congressional seats is contingent on census results . This is the primary purpose of the census as written into the U.S. Constitution . States and localities also use the data to redistrict ; therefore it is in every state 's interest to be accurately represented based on their residents . One debate that has been resolved : Census 2010 will not use statistical sampling as many Republican leaders have feared . Sampling has been proposed as one way to mitigate the undercount of minority populations , the majority of whom are assumed to vote Democratic . The U.S. Bureau of the Census does use sampling in its annual American Community Survey that collects more detailed data including social , economic , and demographic characteristics . The political and equity arguments will continue to surface as we head into Census 2010 . Public officials , advocacy groups , and community organizations will need to work together with census officials to get the most out of what will be a difficult enumeration , but one that sets the stage for the next decade . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Audrey Singer .	As the 2010 Census gets underway , the counting process will be especially difficult Audrey Singer says recession has led to people doubling up in living quarters She says Latino leaders are split over how to deal with the census The census aims to count everyone , whether they 're legally entitled to be in U.S. , Singer says
CNN  -- Nigeria 's short-list of targets for the vacant national manager 's job has been cut by one after Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal distanced himself from the role . The Dutchman was named alongside Russia boss Guus Hiddink , former Ghana coach Ratomir Djukovic , ex-England under-21 manager Peter Taylor and Bruno Metsu as the Nigeria Football Federation 's preferred candidates to replace the demoted Shaibu Amodu . The 58-year-old has previous international experience following a two-year spell in charge of the Netherlands , but made it clear that he wants to see out his contract with German giants Bayern , which runs until June 2011 . "  I have had an offer from Nigeria now , but I have rejected it , " Van Gaal told German television channel Liga Total . "  It was not the first time I have received an offer from Nigeria , but I think that Bayern is a big challenge for me . " However , Van Gaal told German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung that he would one day like to coach another national side . "  I think Bayern could be my final club . I would like to play a part in the World Cup , or similarly at a UEFA Euro tournament , " he said . "  I am looking forward to experiencing these tournaments . " The NFF announced last Friday that Amodu 's third spell in charge had come to an end despite the 51-year-old leading the Super Eagles to the semifinals of the Africa Cup of Nations , where they lost to Ghana . Amodu has been relegated to handling the "  B " team ahead of the 2011 African Nations Championship . The NFF said on its Web site that its list of candidates must be screened and whittled down to a final group of three by the end of February . Hiddink 's future as Russia coach is uncertain after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup in South Africa in June , and his contract runs out this year , but media reports suggest the Dutchman does not want the Nigeria job . Frenchman Metsu is now head of Qatar 's national team , but made his reputation by guiding Senegal to a shock win over champions France at the 2002 World Cup . Djukovic took Ghana 's Black Stars past the group stage of the 2006 World Cup but quit after a second-round defeat by Brazil , then had a two-year spell with China 's under-23 Olympic team before taking charge of his native Serbia 's under-21 side last July . Taylor has been without a job since October when he was sacked by English third division team Wycombe . He has had two separate spells with the England under-21 side , and was caretaker manager of the senior side for one match against Italy in 2000 when he gave David Beckham the captain 's armband . Meanwhile , Benin have sacked coach Michel Dussuyer after failing to progress past the first round of the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola last month , finishing third in Group C after a draw and two defeats . The Frenchman 's players and staff have also been dismissed by the Benin Football Federation . "  A decision has been made to dissolve the national team and its technical supervision , " it said in a statement . "  In the decision , taken by members of the executive committee , they took into account the indiscipline , lack of patriotism and lack of team results at the African Nations Cup . "  The federation , in conjunction with the sports ministry , will set up a new code of conduct and now start out on a new basis with all players who are called into the national team in the future . " Pre-tournament favorites the Ivory Coast , who surprisingly lost to Algeria in the quarterfinals , will play fellow World Cup qualifiers South Korea in a friendly in England on March 3 . The match will be played at the Loftus Road , ground of London club Queen 's Park Rangers .	Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal distances himself from vacant Nigeria manager 's role Dutchman was named in Nigeria Football Federation 's list of five preferred candidates NFF also wants to talk to Guus Hiddink , Bruno Metsu , Peter Taylor and Ratomir Djukovic Nigeria demoted Shaibu Amodu to lesser role after losing Africa Cup of Nations semifinal
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists planning a parade in southwestern Moscow Saturday have been detained , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . Gay and lesbian rights activists are detained in Moscow Saturday ahead of a planned march . The arrests included Nikolai Alexeyev , a prominent gay activist in Russia , and his associate Nikolai Bayev , Interfax said , adding that more people trickling into the location were being arrested without explanation . Officials of Moscow 's gay community had announced earlier plans to rally at Novopushkinsky Park in central Moscow , Interfax said . The arrests came ahead of Saturday night 's Eurovision Song Contest , which is being held in Moscow . The contest has a strong following among the gay and lesbian community . Watch police break up the march " Journalists from various countries gathered at the scene , as police barricaded the park with metal bars . Trucks with soldiers onboard were parked on nearby streets , Interfax said . UK gay human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell , in a statement on his Web site ahead of the march , said it was being held to coincide with the final of the Eurovision Song Contest . "  This parade is in defense of human rights . We are defending the often violated human rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Russians . They want legal protection against discrimination and hate crimes . I support their cause . "  Not all Russians are homophobic , but many are . Gay Russians suffer queer-bashing attacks , blackmail , verbal abuse and discrimination in education , housing and employment . This shames the great Russian nation . " The Eurovision Song Contest , which began in 1956 , sees singers and groups from a short list of European nations perform a specially written song before telephone votes from each nation decide the winner . In western Europe , the contest is regard as a light entertainment spectacular , with a strong following among the gay and lesbian community . Many fans dress up , hold parties and gather round the TV to watch the three-hour-plus televised marathon . In recent years , however , eastern European nations , which take the contest much more seriously , have come to dominate . The contest is also known for its political edge , as nations either give zero points to traditional enemies -- or , if they are enjoying good relations , the maximum number of points , as a sign of friendship . The most famous winners of the contest were ABBA , who came to attention as the Swedish entry with "  Waterloo " in 1974 . In 1988 , Celine Dion won the contest while singing on behalf of Switzerland . The dance show Riverdance first came to attention as an interval act when the contest was held in Dublin , Ireland , in 1994 . The organizers of the contest estimate it is watched by 100 million people worldwide .	News agency : Police barricade park where demonstrators due to meet Arrests come ahead of the Eurovision Song Contest , being held in Moscow Saturday Most famous winners of the contest were ABBA , who came to attention in 1974 Contest is traditionally taken more seriously in eastern Europe
CNN  -- When was the last time you heard someone say it 's important to hire a qualified white person for a job ? No , seriously , I really want you to think about that question . Whenever there is a discussion about diversity , inclusion or affirmative action , we always hear folks say , "  We do a great job of trying to find qualified minorities . " That always tickles me , because when it comes to hiring whites , the assumption is that all are qualified , so there 's no need for the qualifier "  qualified . " That was the first thing that came to mind when former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu gave his opinion on "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Thursday regarding Gen. Colin Powell 's endorsement of President Barack Obama . Booker : Sununu 's comment was ` unfortunate ' "  Frankly , when you take a look at Colin Powell , you have to wonder whether that 's an endorsement based on issues or whether he 's got a slightly different reason for preferring President Obama , " Sununu said . When Morgan asked him what that reason is , Sununu said , "  Well , I think when you have somebody of your own race that you 're proud of being president of the United States , I applaud Colin for standing with him . " Oh , John , you 're such a charmer to say you applaud Colin Powell for being a righteous brother and supporting his brother from another mother . All I could do was laugh at how incredibly stupid and asinine Sununu 's remark was . But Sununu is n't alone . He 's like the many idiots who have e-mailed and tweeted me over the years , suggesting that comments perceived as favorable to Obama boil down to our skin color . Accomplishments ? Oh , no . Intellect ? Forget about it . It 's always a black thing . News : Obama and the white vote See , I 'm not one of these black folks who are quick to deny that anyone voted for Obama because he 's black . Actor Samuel L. Jackson has made it clear that he backs Obama because he 's black , and he does n't give a damn what any white person thinks . But it really is Sam 's responsibility to tell us exactly why he supports the president . It 's not our job to automatically assume that skin color is the reason during this season . For instance , in 2004 , the Rev. Al Sharpton ran for president of the United States . Now , we know he 's black , but a ton of black folks did n't even think of supporting him during his run or send him a dime . I recall betting a black New York media executive a big steak dinner that Sharpton would not win the primary in South Carolina , where nearly half of the voters are black . He was adamant it would happen , citing the Rev. Jesse Jackson 's win there in 1988 . Sharpton did n't win . During that same primary , former U.S. Sen. Carol Moseley Braun also ran for the Democratic nomination . Her campaign was about as ineffectual as Sharpton 's , and few people , even black folks , backed her . Opinion : Why is n't Colin Powell a Democrat ? Amazing . Two black folks running for president -- one a prominent civil rights activist and the other a former U.S. senator -- and black America as a whole did n't even give their candidacies a thought . So if in Sununu 's mind a Powell endorsement comes down to race , how does he explain the many times a black candidate runs for office , and black support is n't guaranteed ? What about all of the years black folks voted for white candidates ? Was one whiter than the other ? Since Sununu thinks it 's about race , I need him to explain to me how Mitt Romney 's whiteness has been the deciding factor behind his being a major surrogate for the Romney campaign . Please tell us , John , why you think Romney is the Great White Hope who will take down Soul Brother No. 1 at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Turnabout is fair play , right ? If Powell is backing Obama because he 's black , I need all of Romney 's white supporters who are backing him because of the color of his skin to step forward . Please , do n't hold back . Powell is an American hero . He has served as national security adviser , head of the U.S. Army Forces Command , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , secretary of state . Opinion : Both parties have a huge race problem As a distinguished military man who has worked for four U.S. presidents , he has witnessed up close and personal what it takes to be president of the United States and commander in chief . It is ridiculous to assume Powell would be so shallow as to think race is the only determinant for him . The suggestion is beneath him . So , why did Sununu say it ? Because it 's easy to dismiss an accomplished black man who just praised another accomplished black man . By boiling it down to race , it 's easy for others who think such a thing to say , "  Oh , that 's it ! " Unfortunately , we see this type of thinking in America all of the time . I crack up when someone white e-mails me , saying I owe my job to affirmative action . Their bigotry and racial animus is obvious , and I e-mail them back saying , I 'm laughing at them . Why ? Because it must hurt more to have a black man they ca n't stand laugh at them . My accomplishments are clear and many . I owe no one an explanation for my success , and Powell owes Sununu and no one else an explanation other that what he said on CBS 's morning show , citing Romney 's confusing foreign policy views and Obama 's steady leadership . "  When he took over , the country was in very , very difficult straits . We were in one of the worst recessions we had seen in recent times , close to a depression , " Powell said . "  We were in real trouble . "  I saw over the next several years stabilization come back in the financial community . Housing is now starting to pick up after four years . It 's starting to pick up . Consumer confidence is rising . So I think generally , we 've come out of the dive , and we 're starting to gain altitude . It does n't mean we are problem solved . There are lots of problems still out there . The unemployment rate is too high . People are still hurting in housing . But I see that we are starting to rise up . " Ai n't nothing like a critically thinking brother , right , John ? This issue will not get a rise out of President Obama or Gen. Colin Powell . They wo n't even dignify Sununu and others who think like them . They 'll just keep laughing all the way up the ladder to the next successful step , marveling at the childishness of some whites to reduce black support of another African-American to just the color of their skin and not the content of their character . The opinions expressed in this country are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : John Sununu said Colin Powell backed Obama because he is black He says it 's asinine to say race motivates blacks ' endorsements rather than accomplishment He wants Sununu to explain how Romney 's whiteness earned his support Martin : It 's childish for some whites to reduce black support to skin color , not character
CNN  -- Social media is revamping the way businesses reach their audiences , transforming boring billboards and cold commercials into a land of interactive wonders . Here we collect some of the best new examples of companies using advertising to get social with customers , including coffee company Douwe Egbert , which created a yawn-activated drink dispenser in a Johannesburg airport using facial recognition technology , and the frozen food firm Birds Eye , which created a pop-up called The Picture House in three British cities to allow diners to eat for free in exchange for sharing a snap on Instagram . And on London 's busy Oxford Street , people who walk past the bus stops do n't realize they 're a step away from a free snack at one of the special vending machines there . The dispensers are run by Walkers , which is known as Lays in the US and Chipsy in Egypt . Anyone who passes the machines can send a message to Walkers on Twitter and out pops a free bag of a new line of potato chips chosen by the public .  Sample flavors : Ranch Racoon and Chip Shop Chicken Curry  .	Businesses are creating new ways of engaging with customers through social media and interactives Walkers , Birds Eye and Douwe Egberts are some of the big organizations changing their advertising rules Consumers can tweet or Instagram their way to a free snack , coffee or meal
CNN  Two men have been charged with plotting attacks in Australia following a major counter-terrorism operation in Sydney . The men , named in court documents as Omar Al-Kutobi and Mohammad Kiad , were advanced in their preparations for an act of terrorism in Australia as revenge for "  incidents overseas , " New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said in a statement Wednesday . They were apprehended on Tuesday afternoon after a raid at a house in Fairfield , a suburb in western Sydney , before being charged with "  acts done in preparation for , or planning terrorist acts , " the statement said . "  As a result of the police activities yesterday a number of items were seized and will be included as part of our evidence in court , and include a video recording , a flag , a machete and a hunting knife , " Burn added . Al-Kutobi and Kiad did not apply for bail when they appeared via video link at a court hearing in Sydney on Thursday , NSW Department of Justice spokesperson Georgie Loudon told CNN . Their case has been adjourned to March 16 . Police officers from the Joint Counter Terrorism Team Sydney and members of the Tactical Operations Unit took part in Operation Castrum , which also included a search of the Fairfield address , a motor vehicle and their place of work , the NSW Police statement added . "  Our message is we are watching , we are capable and we will act . That is what the community expects and that 's what we will deliver , " Burn said . Meanwhile , Prime Minister Tony Abbott told the country 's parliament that the two men made a video saying they would carry out their attack by "  stabbing the kidneys and striking the necks , " the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  reported . "  Kneeling before the death cult flag with a knife in his hand and a machete before him , one of those arrested said this : ' I swear to almighty Allah we will carry out the first operation for the soldiers of the caliphate in Australia , ' Abbott said . "  He went on to say , ' I swear to almighty Allah , blonde people , there is no room for blame between you and us . We only owe you , stabbing the kidneys and striking the necks . ' The prime minister added : "  I do n't think it would be possible to witness uglier fanaticism than this -- more monstrous fanaticism and extremism than this -- and I regret to say it is now present in our country . " In December last year , Australian authorities stormed the Sydney cafe where a self-styled Muslim cleric had been holding hostages , killing the gunman . They moved in some 16 hours after the siege began , after hearing gunfire inside the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in the center of the city . Two of the 17 hostages initially held by the gunman died . Two other men will appear in court in Sydney later this month after they were charged with terror offenses late last month , with one accused of possessing documents designed to facilitate a terror attack on Australian soil . The arrests were made as part of Operation Appleby , an ongoing investigation into Islamist extremists , which led to sweeping pre-dawn counter-terror raids in Sydney in September . Footage of one of the two men , identified as Sulayman Khalid , 20 , appeared in Australian media after his arrest , showing him dressed in a jacket bearing the ISIS flag , storming off the set of an Australian current affairs show in August in which guests had been discussing local support for Islamic extremism . Sydney siege victim killed by police bullets , inquest hears CNN 's Bex Wright contributed to this report .	Two men charged with "  acts done in preparation for , or planning terrorist acts " They were arrested after a raid on an address in a suburb in western Sydney Comes weeks after a siege in a Sydney cafe left two hostages dead
Tokyo  CNN  On the 29th floor of Roppongi Hills , an upscale Tokyo high-rise full of offices , restaurants and residences , two actors in kimonos sit on a tatami mat and glare at each other as artificial smoke billows around them . It 's been a long day of filming "  The Crawler in the Dark , " a new sci-fi horror movie set in Japan 's Meiji era . This movie wo n't be released in theaters ; it 's going directly to YouTube . The file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "  Me at the zoo , " was uploaded on April 23 , 2005 by one of the site 's founders . A decade later , the site gets billions of views every day . And the most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks . In 2015 , YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "  YouTube Spaces , " like the one in Tokyo , where "  creators " like Tokyo independent filmmaker JR Lipartito have access to professional studios , training , and many resources once out of reach for low budget productions . "  Having a set , especially a period set like this , is almost inaccessible for an independent filmmaker , " Lipartito says . "  It really breaks down the barriers . " David Macdonald , who moved to Japan as an English teacher two decades ago , is now the Head of YouTube Spaces for Asia Pacific . "  YouTube is not only cats and dogs on skateboards any more . It 's a place for great content . Great high quality content , " Macdonald says . The Tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to YouTube partners , who create content and share ad revenue with the website . "  Helping creators find better audiences , more audiences , and just improve their craft , " Macdonald says . Anyone can create a YouTube channel . The most popular , 25-year-old Swedish gamer PewDiePie , has more than 36 million subscribers . Many of his videos have a viewership that exceeds popular television programs . YouTube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute . The website wants more of those videos to be polished productions . Japanese film and TV company Toei is partnering with YouTube to encourage more Japanese samurai dramas -- called Jidaigeki . The goal is to attract new subscribers in one of YouTube 's biggest markets . "  They 're building sets . We have high quality cameras , high quality sets , high quality actors , " says Bob Werley , one of the actors in "  The Crawler in the Dark . " Werley and fellow actor Masa Hitokawahata hope their higher quality work will appeal to more of YouTube 's one billion users . "  It 's going to raise the bar , " Werley says . "  We 've seen a lot more people wanting to use -LSB- the studio -RSB- , becoming aware of it , getting excited about it . " If a video goes viral , the financial rewards can be significant . Thousands of the most popular YouTube creators earn six-figure incomes through ad revenue and sponsorships . A handful earn in the millions of dollars .	April 23 marks 10 years since first video , "  Me at the zoo , " was uploaded to YouTube Site gets billions of views every day ; 300 hours of uploads every minute New studios being opened for budget filmmakers to improve quality of output
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Noah Gotbaum told a Phoenix airport operator that his wife was distraught after being bumped from a flight and that her situation was a "  medical emergency , " not a case of "  some lout who 's just drank too much . " Video shows Carol Ann Gotbaum being arrested at a Phoenix airport shortly before she died while in custody . His wife , Carol Ann Gotbaum , died in a police holding cell at the airport , apparently strangling herself as she tried to maneuver her way out of handcuffs that were secured behind her back . Police have released a video showing officers arresting the 45-year-old woman at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor International Airport just before she died on September 28 . Phoenix Police Sgt. Andy Hill said : "  Officers had no information ... that Ms. Gotbaum had traveled unescorted and alone from New York City to Phoenix , Arizona , in order to seek treatment for a substance abuse issue . "  The officers had no knowledge of any of Ms. Gotbaum 's personal issues . They had not been apprised of any calls from the family to the airport seeking to locate Ms. Gotbaum . " Michael Manning , a Phoenix attorney whom Gotbaum 's family has retained , told CNN Gotbaum was calm , sober , and committed to alcohol treatment when she arrived at the Phoenix airport that day . "  By the time she reached the gate and found out she was denied boarding , she had a very , very strong emotional reaction to that , and we believe that that was n't just a result of her being upset because of her determination to get well . We believe she may have been drinking , " Manning said . According to the police report released Thursday , Gotbaum 's husband , Noah , called the airport several times that day , trying to reach his wife or the airport police , telling them they did n't know the circumstances involving his wife , whom he described as suicidal . Noah Gotbaum on Thursday claimed his wife 's body in Phoenix after an autopsy , and the body was to be returned to New York . In a statement Wednesday , police said they attempted to calm an irate Gotbaum before arresting her . They also said authorities had no idea of her "  personal issues , " including her plans to check into an alcohol treatment center . Sgt. Hill said Thursday that there were indications alcohol may have played a role in the incident . Toxicology tests administered during the autopsy would determine if that were the case , but results of such tests typically take weeks . Gotbaum , who was flying through Phoenix on her way to Tucson , became angry when she was denied access to her flight and argued with a gate attendant , police said . According to the police statement , Gotbaum "  became agitated and loud " and threw her hand-held PDA , which shattered after narrowly missing a person . She then left the gate area , but the attendant summoned police . The video showed Gotbaum after she apparently had just left the gate area . She was by herself , standing in the middle of a concourse , doubled over , and she seemed to be screaming . Watch how the arrest video answers some questions , raises others " The video contains no audio , but witnesses -- including a federal police officer -- said Gotbaum was "  screaming at the top of her lungs , ` I 'm not a terrorist , I 'm not a terrorist , ' " according to Sgt. Mike Polombo , who is investigating the death . In the video , Gotbaum backs away from an officer who reaches for her , and she becomes combative before dropping to the ground . With officers on the ground attempting to handcuff her , she continues to scream profanities , Polombo said . Gotbaum was placed in a holding room , and a female officer searched her , but she "  continued to be uncooperative , " the police statement said . "  Ms. Gotbaum was handcuffed with her hands behind her back , and additionally those handcuffs were attached to a shackle that kept her attached to the bench , " the report says . Phoenix police policy is that prisoners can be left alone in holding rooms as long as they are checked every 15 minutes . Department policy bans cameras in holding rooms to protect detainees ' privacy . After officers left , Gotbaum continued to scream , the police statement said . However , police checked on her when she fell silent and found her unconscious . "  Initial information ... indicated that Ms. Gotbaum had somehow worked the handcuffs to the front of her body , probably from under her legs , and had pulled the chain from the shackle across her neck area , " the statement said . Officers used cardiopulmonary resuscitation , a defibrillator and other measures in futile attempts to save her life . Firefighters arrived and pronounced Gotbaum dead . The officers involved "  are still very upset about what happened , " Hill said . "  They did everything they could to save Ms. Gotbaum . " Hill said police are not aware of any policy violations , but he said the death remains under investigation , as any in-custody death would be . CNN security analyst Mike Brooks , a law enforcement veteran , said it appeared from the video that Phoenix police did everything by the book . "  It looks like they did everything they could to calm her down , and then she was still combative , " Brooks said . "  We did n't see any use of any TASER , no pepper spray , and in my opinion , no excessive force was used here . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Family attorney says woman may have been drinking before arrest Husband called airport saying his wife was suicidal , police report says Video shows woman apparently yelling before officers approach her Carol Ann Gotbaum , 45 , dies in custody September 28 at Phoenix airport
LOS ANGELES , California -- On Earth Day on Wednesday , Dr. David Jentsch marched at the head of a column of UCLA students and faculty members to the chant of , "  Stand up for science ! " Across the street a smaller but equally vocal group of animal rights advocates chanted , "  U-C-L-A , how many animals have you killed today ! " Animal rights activists say large numbers of animals are killed each year during medical trials . Until recently , Jentsch had never dreamed he would lead a political demonstration . But Jentsch 's life took a sharp turn last month when his car was firebombed in his driveway . A radical group of animal rights activists claimed responsibility for the act . "  This is terror , " Jentsch said . "  There is no two ways about it . It 's extremism . It 's an attempt to intimidate . " It was the latest in a string of arson attacks against UCLA researchers who use animals in medical research projects . Since 2006 , there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher 's homes or cars . No arrests have been made in the cases , which are being investigated by an FBI lead task force on terrorism . "  We believe it 's just a matter of time before someone is going to be hurt , " said FBI Assistant Director in Charge Salvador Hernandez . "  The intent of these groups is to intimidate and coerce . " Hernandez heads up the task force investigating the series of attacks and says their actions qualify as terrorist attacks . But animal rights advocate Chris DeRose says nothing could be further from the truth "  There has never been one human being in this country being killed or even hurt , " he said . He believes the university researchers are the bad guys . "  What I do condemn is what goes on behind those walls , " he says . DeRose , founder of Last Chance for Animals , says he does n't condone firebombing researchers ' homes , but he does n't condemn it either . Watch people against animal research at protest " "  The reason these people are doing it is because they have been pushed ... nobody is listening ... over a hundred million animals a year are killed in universities and major hospitals in this country , " he said . Jentsch argues that same medical research using lab animals has lead to many medical breakthroughs that benefit mankind . UCLA points to research advances in breast cancer treatments , Parkinson 's disease and artificial heart technology that relied on experiments involving lab animals at their California facilities . Jentsch 's own research involves studies aimed at treating drug addiction in humans . He studies the brains of monkeys that have been injected with methamphetamine . He says his experiments are peer-reviewed and adhere strictly to established rules for the treatment of lab animals . Watch supporters of animal research at protest " Jentsch says that he hopes that this week 's dueling demonstrations can lead to a dialogue . He believes many of the protestors voicing opposition to the UCLA labs do not endorse the string of violent acts aimed against him and other researchers , "  but it is essential for them to repudiate this type of activity . " In the meantime , Jentsch says he refuses to be intimidated . "  I 'm going to continue to live where I live , continue to educate people about my work , " he said . "  I 'm not going to stop . "	Dr. David Jentsch joins protest after his car was firebombed last month Activists condemn use of animals as subjects for medical research Since 2006 , there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher 's homes or cars Jentsch : "  This is terror . There is no two ways about it . It 's extremism "
Elma Dieppa wonders if her cousin Helen Casillas would still be alive today if she had been more aware of how her weight contributed to her diabetes . "  She refused to take care of herself by not watching what she ate or exercising , " Dieppa wrote in a blog post honoring the woman she describes as the "  life of the party " -- funny , beautiful and genuine . Casillas died of a heart attack at age 44 . Although Casillas lived with diabetes for years and worked in the medical field , her perception of her own disease was skewed , Dieppa said . Casillas told her cousin that the doctor wanted to take an aggressive approach to her weight loss , but Casillas did n't believe she was obese . "  This is the problem within the Hispanic community , " Dieppa wrote on the blog . "  We love our curves , but the line between beautiful and deadly curves is blurred . " In a 2010 study , Abbey Berenson and her colleagues surveyed 1,076 Hispanic women who went to public health clinics in Texas about their weight . The researchers found about 25 % of the overweight Hispanic women perceived their weight as "  normal , " while only 15 % of non-Latino white women did . "  Hispanic and African-American women were more likely to consider their weight normal when in fact they were overweight , " said Berenson , a professor at the University of Texas Medical Branch . Latinos overall are also less likely to lose weight and "  more vulnerable to cardiovascular disease risk factors and other obesity related diseases , " the study authors wrote . For example , diabetes affects close to 25.8 million people in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -- about 8.3 % of the general population . But the debilitating disease disproportionately affects Hispanics , almost double those of non-Latino whites , according to the American Diabetes Association . Unfortunately , diabetes is n't the only disease causing concern in the Latino community . Hispanics are also disproportionately affected by obesity and stroke , according to Dr. Helen Troncoso , who serves as a health and wellness consultant in New York . Although stroke rates in the general population have declined dramatically over the last decade , Latinos are still more likely to experience a stroke compared to other ethnic groups . Particularly among Mexican-Americans -- the largest subgroup of Hispanics in the United States -- stroke is the leading cause of disability and third leading cause of death . Overall , Mexican-Americans suffer 34 % more from this disease than non-Hispanic whites , according to a 2013 study published in the Annals of Neurology journal . Experts say these health disparities can be attributed to many causes , but chief among them is a lack of access to quality health care . The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services estimates 1 out of every 3 Hispanics does n't have health insurance . About half of whites are covered through an employer-sponsored health plan , compared to 28 % of Hispanics , according to a Gallup Poll . "  Right now , many Latinos are unable to manage the costs for preventative care , " Troncoso said , "  and will often develop secondary conditions that can be even more serious because they could not manage their chronic conditions with proper treatment . " Once the Affordable Care Act goes into effect on January 1 , it should ease the stress for many Hispanics who have lower-paying jobs that do n't offer health insurance . Cultural factors also play a role in putting the Hispanic community at risk for cardiovascular diseases . Latinos are raised to be self-reliant , which may be the reason 42 % of them say they 've had "  zero visits " to a medical provider . It was the ethnic group least likely to use prescription medicine in 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . "  But with some lifestyle adjustments , like switching to a healthier diet and getting regular exercise , Latinos can drastically change their health issues , " Troncoso said . At their core , authentic Latino dishes include fresh fruits , herbs and beans , all of which are healthy . But with immigration and acculturation to the United States often comes a change in eating behaviors , such as cooking fewer meals at home , eating larger portions , preparing foods differently , and buying more cheap and convenient fast foods loaded with sodium , fat and sugar . Because food and family play such an important role in the Latino community , organizations like the National Council for La Raza are focusing their efforts on implementing more healthy shopping programs like the "  Comprando Rico y Sano "  Buying Delicious and Healthy  to help Hispanics make healthier and more economical choices when grocery shopping . "  Familism is very strong in the Latino culture , " said Manuela McDonough , program manager for the Institute for Hispanic Health at the National Council of La Raza . "  The act of sitting down at the dinner table is more important than the actual food . " Many Latino parents feel guilty about putting their own health needs above those of their families , according to the American Diabetes Association . They feel their time and money could be better spent than using it for preventive care . In an effort to break down this mindset , the diabetes association has a Latino Initiatives health campaign called Por tu familia -- or "  for your family " -- encouraging Latinos to stay healthy if they want to be there for their families . While these efforts to help educate Latinos about lifestyle changes will help , Dr. Joel Zonszein , director of the Clinical Diabetes Center at Montefiore Medical Center , said the health care system also needs to change so physicians do n't struggle to get their patients the treatments they deserve . "  For each patient I see , I have to spend at least 20 minutes on the phone with insurance companies begging them to approve the proper diabetes medication for my patients , and I do n't get reimbursed for that time , " said Zonszein . "  Unfortunately , Obamacare will not improve this condition . " While the Affordable Care Act may leave something to be desired from physicians , Dieppa hopes that with widespread access to health care , Latinos around the country will better educate themselves about their health and heed the warnings of their doctors . Because knowing that Helen Casillas ' death could have been prevented hurts more than anything else .	Hispanic population disproportionately affected by cardiovascular diseases 25 % of Hispanic women who are overweight perceive their weight as "  normal " Experts say differences due to lack of health care access , cultural factors
CNN  -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Saturday called on the state bar to overlook a technical error and allow a paralyzed law school graduate to take the bar exam next week . Arnold Schwarzenegger says a technical error should n't stop the law school graduate from taking the bar exam . "  It is outrageous that someone who has overcome so much in life is penalized by a bureaucratic error that prevents her from taking the bar exam next week , " the governor said in a statement . "  Government should work for the people , not against them , and I 'm calling on the state bar to allow Sara Granda to take next week 's test . Sara is a fighter , and I am with her all the way . " The state bar 's Web site never processed Granda 's application for Tuesday 's test because California 's Department of Rehabilitation paid her $ 600 fee with a check , according to the Sacramento Bee . The Web site requires a credit card number , but Granda said she was assured by a state bar representative that she was properly registered with the check , the newspaper reported . Granda , 29 , a University of California-Davis Law School graduate , has petitioned the California Supreme Court to allow her to take Tuesday 's test . She said she was "  surprised " to hear about Schwarzenegger 's statement in her defense . "  I 'm not used to a lot of attention , " she told CNN television affiliate KCRA . She said she went to the governor 's office last week , "  but they would n't let me in . " "  So I knew there was no way that the governor was going to get involved , " she said . Granda was paralyzed from the neck down after a car accident in 1997 , when she was 17 . The accident happened a month before she was to attend California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo , on a full scholarship , according to the Sacramento Bee . Granda , who has been studying 11 hours a day for the bar exam with the help of assistants , said she wants the state of California to resolve the matter because it spent about $ 100,000 for her education . "  I worked very , very hard for every cent , " she told KCRA . "  So for everything to come together in the end and for it to just kind of fall through on such a minor , minor detail . "	Bar 's Web site did n't process Sara Granda 's payment to take bar exam Granda , 29 , was paralyzed from the neck down after a car accident in 1997 She was 17 at that time , and about to go to college in California Schwarzenegger : "  Outrageous " that she 's being "  penalized for a bureaucratic error "
CNN  -- An American relief worker jailed in Haiti under suspicion of kidnapping a 15-month-old boy has been released , the man told CNN Wednesday . "  As soon as they said I was being released I was at first shocked and could n't believe it because it was already dark and normally nothing happens after sun goes down around there , " Paul Waggoner , who had been held since mid-December in Port-au-Prince , said in an interview . Waggoner was being transported Wednesday to a safe location to receive medical attention , according to a statement from Materials Management Relief Corps , a group that he co-founded . "  Waggoner spent 18 harrowing days incarcerated in Haiti , accused of kidnapping a child despite undeniable evidence that the child in question had died at Haitian Community Hospital last February , " the group said in a statement . "  No charges were brought against Waggoner ... even though he was held in the notoriously dangerous penitentiary for two weeks , " the statement said . Waggoner had been held in the National Penitentiary in Port-au-Prince . Interviewed by phone from an undisclosed location on Wednesday , Waggoner said a judge had found "  contradictions " in statements from the boy 's father . Waggoner said the boy 's parents had been trying to extort him and that "  it was a matter of a father and a mother trying to make a dime off of their kid . " A Haitian judge had concluded that sufficient evidence existed to hold Waggoner while investigators evaluated the father 's complaint that the American kidnapped his critically-ill son from a hospital , according to Jon Piechowski , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Haiti . The Materials Management Relief Corps is a humanitarian organization that seeks to provide logistical support to medical workers in Haiti , where a major earthquake caused extensive damage in January . According to the group 's website , Waggoner lives in Nantucket , Massachusetts . Waggoner was working at the Haitian Community Hospital in Petionville in February when a Haitian man sought treatment for his 15-month-old son . Accounts differ as to what happened next , but the father believes the child survived and that Waggoner kidnapped him , according to Piechowski . Waggoner 's supporters , including two physicians , have said the child died , and that his body was cremated because the father would not claim the remains . Dr. Kenneth Adams , a volunteer physician on staff at the Haitian Community Hospital , said he was present when the child 's father returned to see his son and "  witnessed as the father looked at the baby for several minutes , waiting for the baby to breathe . " The man took pictures with the deceased baby before he left , Adams said . The father filed a complaint against Waggoner in March . Piechowski said Waggoner left Haiti without answering the accusations and was arrested December 12 after returning to the country . One account provided by supporters says the father handed Waggoner the child at the hospital . Another says Waggoner may have transported the child to the hospital . Regardless , Waggoner had nothing to do with the child 's care , according to his supporters . "  I was there through the whole thing , and what kills me is that Paul basically had nothing to do with the whole situation , " said Jeff Quinlan , who said he was working as director of security at the hospital when the child arrived . Quinlan said he told the father that the boy had died and instructed him to return within 24 hours to take the body . But he said the father instead returned with a "  witch doctor " claiming the child was still alive . Quinlan and Waggoner 's organization said a doctor who treated the boy has signed an affidavit confirming that the child died , saying that the father had viewed the body and that he had declined to claim the remains because he did not have resources to bury the child . Quinlan said earlier that he believed Haitian authorities were trying to extort money from Waggoner . A friend of Waggoner 's recently expressed concern that the relief worker would face danger upon being released . "  I think the biggest concern I 've got for his safety once he 's out of prison , " said Paul Sebring , a fellow aid worker , "  is that , you know , people surrounding this case may not be happy with the ruling that 's happened and may come after him in some sense . " But Waggoner said Wednesday that he hopes to do more aid work in Haiti . "  I would n't say that anybody needs to have second thoughts about coming down here , " he said . "  If any aid workers want to do work in Haiti they should absolutely do it . The people here absolutely need it . " The United States was keeping close watch on the case , the State Department has said , but it was unclear whether officials were working for Waggoner 's release . "  We have monitored his court appearances and continue to track the case closely , " said P.J. Crowley , a spokesman for the State Department , said earlier this week .	Paul Waggoner had been held for 18 days in Port-au-Prince He was jailed on suspicion of kidnapping a 15-month-old boy Waggoner says boy 's parents were trying to extort him He says he wants to do more aid work in Haiti
Istanbul  CNN  -- As European financial markets close for the spring celebration of May Day , protesters across Europe and beyond have taken to the streets to demonstrate for workers ' rights and , in many cases , against painful austerity measures . In Istanbul , Turkey , riot police gassed and fired water cannons at dozens of demonstrators trying to get to the popular-tourist destination of Taksim Square for May 1 demonstrations . Groups carrying May 1 international Workers ' Day banners and chanting "  Longlive Workers ' Day " while trying to the square were dispersed using water cannons and tear gas in Istanbul 's Besiktas district . Istanbul is now on a citywide shut down . Traffic has been restricted and public transportation to the square has been suspended including subways , metrobuses as well as ferry services that connect the city 's European side to the Asian side . "  We are expecting a problematic May 1 , " said Istanbul Governor Huseyin Avni Mutlu told broadcaster CNNTurk . "  It would have been easy to solve this , " he said . Watch more : Turkey halts May Day protesters Across the Aegean Sea , Greeks are turning out in Athens to show their anger at austerity measures that have sent the country 's economy into a tailspin . But Nathalie Savaricas , a Greek journalist , told CNN that Labor Day protests in Athens were relatively muted this year as fewer Greeks decided to demonstrate . Read more : Spain 's unemployment rate climbs to record high "  There is a sense of resignation among Greeks , she told CNN . "  What we 're hearing now is some 45,000 protesters have assembled in the city center to protest against austerity , and against tax hikes and all the policies that have been continued by Prime Minister Samaras and his team . " Savaricas told CNN that the government is simply following the demands of the troika -- a group of international creditors made up of the International Monetary Fund , the European Commission and the European Central Bank -- which have led the debt-ridden nation 's economy into the "  abyss . " Watch more : Eurozone unemployment hits record high Greece has a debt to GDP level of 156 % while government debt stands at a staggering 304 billion euros . The country -- one of four eurozone countries to request a sovereign bailout -- is also grappling with unemployment of over 27 % , the highest in the single currency area , according to Eurostat , the Commission 's data service . Savaricas said many of her friends have fled abroad in search of a brighter future : "  What they 're telling me is that the Greeks are very much seen with contempt and the opportunities abroad are not that great because Europe is also suffering . " Read more : Greece to cut 15,000 jobs for bailout She added that many Greeks at home are pinning their hopes on Samaras retracting some of the government 's harsh austerity measures while reducing domestic bureaucracy to encourage foreign investment . Spain and Italy -- two other countries blighted by the eurozone debt crisis -- have also seen demonstrations on the streets . In the Spanish capital Madrid and the country 's second city , Barcelona , thousands of protesters marched with some displaying signs ` Bread and shelter at fair price ! ' Some denounced Bankia , Spain 's fourth-largest and partially state-owned bank that requested a 19 billion euro bailout in 2012 . Other signs read : "  Where is our money ? Swindlers . " Francisco Carrizo , 37 , a Venezuelan teacher from Madrid , told CNN that people in Spain do n't feel like celebrating May Day because unemployment is so high and the "  government should be ashamed . " In 2007 , before the global economic crisis hit , Spain had 1.9 million people unemployed -- 8.6 % of the active population . That figure has now risen to 6.2 million . Figures from Instituto Nacional de Estadstica , Spain 's national statistics office , showed unemployment among 16 to 24 year-olds is at 57.2 % . Joblessness is higher among women than men . Carizzo told CNN : "  I feel kind of bad because in my case I have two jobs . It 's the sort of thing I do n't usually tell people . I feel sad , let down and I have mixed feelings about it . " He added : "  There are people who are having a really hard time . " High unemployment and cuts to the public sector are being felt in Italy too . Unemployment reached 11 % in March , while the country remained in political deadlock since the elections in February failed to yield a government . May Day protests have reportedly taken place in Rome as well as Bologna and Parma in the Emilia Romagna region of Italy . Read more : Italian lower house approves new government Martina Lunardelli , 28 , interpreter , Pordenone , northern Italy , told CNN that she feels "  ashamed " of all the political and economic turmoil that has dogged the eurozone third-largest economy since the debt crisis began in 2010 . "  I am trying to flee from here , " she told CNN . "  I have lost all the residual faith I had in what should be my home country . "	Greek journalist told CNN that Labor Day protests in Athens were relatively muted this year Istanbul on citywide shut down . Riot police gassed and fired water cannons at dozens of demonstrators Spain and Italy -- two countries blighted by the eurozone debt crisis -- have seen street protests
CNN  -- American teenager Sloane Stephens stunned her compatriot Serena Williams on Wednesday , beating the 15-time grand slam winner 3-6 7-5 6-4 to reach the Australian Open semifinals . The 29th seed , playing in her first grand slam quarterfinal , came from once set down to overcome third seed Williams who suffered a back injury having already rolled an ankle earlier in the tournament . Despite Williams ' fitness problems , few had given Stephens a chance of beating the five-time Melbourne champion . "  Someone asked me , ` Do you think you can win ? ' I was like , ` Yeah , I think so , but I was n't like too clear about it , " " the 19-year-old told reporters after advancing to a tie with world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka on Thursday . "  Then this morning when I got up , I was like , ` Look , dude , like , you can do this , go out and play and do your best . ' " Stephens did not make the best possible start as Williams went one set and a break of serve ahead , before the 19-year-old American dug deep to pull out an unlikely triumph . "  You just fight and just get every ball back , run every ball down , and just get a lot of balls in play , " said Stephens , explaining her strategy after the loss of that first set . "  From then on I got aggressive , started coming to the net more , and just got a lot more comfortable . " Stephens becomes the first U.S. teenager to reach a grand slam semfinal since Serena at the 2001 U.S. Open , and the first to achieve the feat outside of the Williams sisters since Alexandra Stevenson at Wimbledon in 1999 . For Williams , it marked the end of a campaign which had pushed her body to the limit . "  I 'm almost relieved that it 's over because there 's only so much I felt I could do , " said the 31-year-old . "  It 's been a little difficult . I 've been thrown a lot of balls these two weeks . " When one journalist asked Williams if she had considered retiring hurt during the match , it caused some confusion in the press room . "  Are you kidding me ? I 'm not retiring , " responded Williams , believing the reporter was asking if she was considering ending her career . "  Oh , you mean , retiring in the match ! Oh , I 'm sorry . I thought you meant my career . You 're crazy . "  I thought about it like for a nanosecond . It 's a quarterfinal of a grand slam . Even if I have to take off in a wheeler before I retire . " Defending champion Azarenka had to battle through a tough 77-minute first set against Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova , before winning 7-5 6-1 . When asked about Stephens prior to her victory against Williams , Belarus ' Azarenka said : "  I think Sloane is a very , very talented girl . I think over the last couple years you see her development , you know , as a tennis player . "  Her game has come together . She 's an all round player , very competitive . I think she has a good potential . It 's just a matter of her getting all those details in place and really wanting to achieve great things . " The second semifinal , also due to take place on Thursday , sees sixth seed Li Na take on No. 2 seed Maria Sharapova -- who is yet to drop at set at the tournament .	Sloane Stephens beats compatriot Serena Williams to reach Australian Open semis The 19-year-old came from one set down to defeat the third seed Stephens will play her first ever grand slam semifinal against world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka Top seed Azarenka beat Russia 's Svetlana Kuznetsova 7-5 6-1
CNN  -- You could say that a simple pair of running shorts was the trigger that launched a multimillion-dollar business and radically shifted the lives of basketball coaches Susan Walvius and Michelle Marciniak . In August 2007 , Walvius , who was then the head women 's basketball coach at the University of South Carolina , and her assistant , Marciniak , had just finished a long day teaching at a summer basketball camp . They sat exhausted in the gym , looking forward to a good night 's rest . Then Walvius -- thinking about her comfy running shorts -- experienced what she describes as an "  aha moment . " "  I looked at Michelle and said , ' I love this fabric , and I 'd love to have bedsheets from this stuff . ' Michelle said , ` Let 's do it . ' " And with zero formal business experience , the two women stepped boldly into the world of entrepreneurship . They paired with South Carolina 's International Business School to research the market , quit their coaching jobs , formed a business and took their battles from the basketball court to business boardrooms . "  The biggest similarity between coaching and what we do now is raising capital , " said Walvius , who took USC 's women roundballers to the Elite Eight for the first time in 2002 . She compares raising capital to recruiting players . Instead of selling the school basketball program , they 're selling bedding -- heavy on the marketing side -- complete with PowerPoint presentations and glossy poster boards . Their business -- SHEEX -- makes and sells "  performance " sheets and pillowcases made from specialty fabrics that wick moisture and transfer heat . They sell online and at upscale sporting goods stores , trendy home stores and other retail outlets . After working together as coach and assistant coach for five years -- and now as business partners -- the duo has developed a kind of unwritten playbook for themselves . "  We 're great friends , and we have different strengths , " Walvius said . "  Susan and I complement each other really well during presentations , " Marciniak said . "  If I get stuck , she fills in , and if she gets stuck , I fill in . " Crisscrossing the country to build their business team and garner support , the two often find themselves working together for 16-hour days , said Marciniak , who gained attention as an All-American point guard on the University of Tennessee 's national championship team in 1996 . Local media nicknamed Marciniak and a teammate "  fire and ice . " "  I look at this team in a similar way , " Marciniak said . "  I bring a more ` fiery ' personality to our team , where Susan brings a calmer one . " Meetings are very calm they say . The fire and ice come while grinding through everyday decisions . Marciniak proved on the basketball courts of the WNBA that she can play with fire . In a 2002 altercation that 's ranked by FOX as one of the "  most outrageous moments in sports , " a player with the Los Angeles Sparks hit Marciniak in the face with the ball , prompting Marciniak to charge toward the player , who then knocked her to the floor . Both players were suspended and fined "  a couple thousand dollars , " Marciniak said . Recently , during meetings for SHEEX , the fight has come up in business conversation several times . "  I am amazed how many guys see the fight after we meet with them and then comment on it during the next meeting or in a follow-up e-mail , " Marciniak said . "  They think it 's cool . " "  I just smile and tell my side of the story , " she said . Eventually , Marciniak learned to channel and focus that intensity , her former boss said . "  Michelle is n't emotionally popping off in a meeting like she was on the basketball court , " Walvius said . "  She was such an emotional basketball player , and it was one of the reasons why she was highly successful . But with this , everything is about preparation and running our team . " Do they fight amongst themselves ? "  Oh , we fight all the time , " Walvius said with a laugh . "  We fight about business decisions and the pace of our business . I want to research everything . " Sometimes , she said , when they realize they ca n't resolve their differences , they just put them aside and move on . Do they see any parallels between male-dominated college and professional sports , and competing in the male-dominated business world ? Not really , they say . "  In sports , there are constant reminders that you 're not the same , " Walvius said . She mentioned gender-based differences in "  practice times , modes of transportation , facilities -- you live that every day . " But in the business world , she said , they 're "  competing in an arena today where that 's not the case . It 's truly about the bottom line . " The two say they do n't have time anymore to shoot baskets or even talk basketball . It 's all business as they prepare for a major retail launch at upscale department stores and sporting goods stores . "  What we 're doing is trying to change the face of bedding in the world , " Marciniak said . "  What we want to do is win a ` national championship ' with SHEEX . " Now that they 're playing ball with business barons , do Marciniak and Walvius miss their days on the hardwood ? "  I miss some of the players who will really go to the wall for you , " Walvius said . "  I miss the strategy of the game . Every once in a while , I 'll see a game on TV and I 'll see something that pulls me back there . "	Ex-college , WNBA guard Marciniak , ex-head coach Walvius team up for business "  The biggest similarity between coaching and what we do now is raising capital , " Walvius says Marciniak often is asked about 2002 suspension , fine after fight on the court They say sports has gender-based differences , but bottom line matters most in business
Editor 's note : CNN agreed not to use the full names of the family in this article due to concern for their safety . Youssif is able to smile again , and his scars are healing well . Doctors are monitoring the swelling on his right ear . WOODLAND HILLS , California  CNN  -- Youssif happily pulls off his plastic face mask and pats his cheeks , which were once covered by horrific burns . "  No hurt , " the 5-year-old Iraqi boy says in English . "  No hurt . " He then shows off his right hand . It too had been marred by hardened scar tissue after he was attacked by masked men outside his central Baghdad home January 15 , 2007 . Now , his hand is smooth . Youssif flashes a proud grin . A few moments later , he darts off and comes back toting his kindergarten portfolio . In less than a month of schooling , he 's now writing the alphabet in upper - and lowercase . See photos of a transformed Youssif " He reads a book , repeating each word after the narrator . When he gets to the word "  you , " he gets tickled . He points at the name "  Youssif " and then covers the final four letters . "  You , " he says . Youssif began attending an American school just last month , one year to the day after he was so savagely attacked in Baghdad . In a recent letter to those who have helped his son , Youssif 's father described the anniversary as a "  very hard day " to endure but one that also brought joy . "  But this year , it was the day for another miracle , Youssif 's first day of kindergarten . It was a very happy day , " Youssif 's father said . Youssif begins each day with his father strapping him into a bike trailer . Dad then pedals him to school . On one recent outing , his dad 's mobile phone blared Arabic music as Youssif quietly sat in the back , a helmet securely strapped to his head , the wind whirling past . As soon as they reached the school , Youssif 's slow walk away from his father , his head held down , quickly changed into a sprint toward his classroom , and all you could see was the big red "  S " on his Superman backpack flying away . "  Harry , " Youssif says in a small , muffled tone , reading the writing on the dry-erase board after receiving a little help from some classmates seated on the rug . Watch Youssif-inspired music video " He then receives a congratulatory high-five from one of his kindergarten teachers . Youssif is adjusting well to school , able to write out the alphabet and count to 12 without hesitation . He always finishes with an accomplished sigh , wide eyes and a smile so big , it 's as if he is making up for the 10 months he was not able to smile . He is quick to show the pencil box on his desk , pointing to his name written on it and then pointing to himself with the same tiny finger and nodding his head , letting you know that it is his . "  The kids love Youssif . They get more excited than he does when he learns a new word in English , and they brag about it for hours , " the mother of a classmate says . Youssif is attending the school thanks to help from the Children 's Burn Foundation , the Grossman Burn Center and hundreds of thousands of dollars donated by you , the CNN.com user , to help bring him and his family to the United States for treatment . Youssif has undergone more than half a dozen surgeries . One removed the most massive scarring , which stretched about half a foot , from one of his ears to below his chin . See how doctors removed Youssif 's scars " He could undergo as many as 12 more procedures , his doctors say , mostly to tweak scars . His right ear has swelled , and doctors are monitoring it to figure out the best way to keep it in check . He wears a clear plastic face mask for much of the day to keep his skin tight and to allow it to heal correctly . But the young boy 's transformation -- both in looks and in spirit -- is nothing short of remarkable . Back at his apartment , Youssif peels a clementine . He uses exaggerated motions as he plops each section in his mouth . At one point , he places his hand on his hip and taps his foot , waiting for an acknowledgment of this feat . When he came to America in September , he could n't eat -- or at least not like this . He smiles again . "  Now , Youssif eats anything he wants , because he can open and close his mouth , " his father said in the letter . "  I have begun to see my son 's lively spirit return . The surgeries have removed more than just external scars , they are also beginning to remove his internal scars . "  A few weeks ago we went to the park and Youssif rode on the merry-go-round . Every time he passed by , he shrieked and laughed and waved wildly to me . I thought my heart would burst with happiness . " E-mail to a friend	Youssif began attending school in metro LA one year to the day of his attack Boy burned in Iraq is already writing the alphabet and counting Dad says , "  I have begun to see my son 's lively spirit return "
CNN  -- Piers Morgan likes to talk the talk but how did the CNN anchor fare when he had to walk the walk and face a cricket ball coming towards him at 150 kilometers an hour ? Morgan , who likes to tweet from the lip , has been one of England 's most outspoken critics over the past few weeks following the team 's embarrassing capitulation against Australia in the fiercely contested Ashes series . And from the cosy surroundings of his U.S. home , Morgan took to Twitter to criticize England 's wretched batting in the first three Ashes Tests -- matches in which Australia cruised to victory . But on Friday in Melbourne , where England are playing Australia in the fourth Test , Morgan got a taste of what the touring batsmen have had to contend with over the last few weeks , though none of them were dumped onto their backside -- unlike the CNN anchor . Facing former Australian fast bowler Brett Lee , a man who took 310 wickets in 76 Tests , Morgan was pummeled during a six-ball blast . With Lee not holding back , Morgan gave the appearance of a rabbit caught in the headlights as he backed away from nearly every delivery . Watch Morgan 's ordeal on YouTube On four occasions the Englishman was hit on the body , while he was also clean bowled by Lee much to the amusement of the watching crowd of 2,000 , which included Australian cricketers Mitchell Johnson and Peter Siddle . "  He got hurt but he did n't get maimed , so that 's a positive step , " Lee told the Sydney Morning Herald . "  You have to give full credit to the guy -- he 's going to be really sore tomorrow . "  But he kept on going , so you have to take your hat off to the guy . "  The biggest smile around the ground was from Mitchell Johnson I think . I looked over at Mitch and he gave me a wink , he was quite chuffed . " If the 48-year-old Morgan was bloodied , he remained unbowed after his bruising experience . "  It 's made me reassess what you need out here on an Ashes tour and that is courage , fortitude and a Churchillian spirit of never giving in despite overwhelming odds , " he said . CNN digital writer Chris Murphy plays amateur cricket with Morgan , so what was his analysis of his teammate 's performance ? "  Having played cricket with Piers on numerous occasions , it 's well known he has two shots : a forward defense and a heave to the leg side , " said Murphy . "  Sadly , he was n't able to exhibit either . "  Charging down the wicket at someone bowling nearly 150 kph is n't brave , it 's just plain stupid . But Piers deserves full marks for the guts he showed in the face of a relentless barrage from Brett Lee . "  The sight of any batsman backing away from his stumps is a sign he 's troubled by the pace of the bowler , but in this case it was probably a wise idea to prevent his chin being shattered . "  A still head , straight bat and balance are the fundamentals of batting -- sadly for Piers , none of those elements were on show in Melbourne . Thankfully though , he is still alive to tell the tale . " The England players who were the subject of Morgan 's Twitter angst did at least return to form Friday to take control of the fourth Test at the MCG . Their nemesis Johnson took five wickets to leave England 255 all out , but the visitors hit back to have the home side reeling on 167 for nine at stumps and facing the prospect of defeat after three earlier easy victories . In South Africa , fast bowler Dale Steyn put on a display that Lee at his best would be proud of , taking six wickets for 100 runs as India were all out for 334 in their first innings in Durban . Retiring legend Jacques Kallis became only the second man in Test history to take 200 catches during the course of the second day .	CNN anchor Piers Morgan went head to head with Australian bowler Brett Lee Morgan left flat on his backside at Melbourne Cricket Ground The 48-year-old anchor hit four times in six deliveries England fight back in fourth Test to take control on second day
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Guests at restaurants in Argentina 's Buenos Aires province must say good-bye to the salt shaker . In an effort to combat hypertension , which affects some 3.7 million residents in the province -- nearly a quarter of the population , the health department reached an agreement with the hotel and restaurant federation to remove salt shakers from the tables at their eateries . "  On average , each Argentinian consumes 13 grams of salt daily , while according to the World Health Organization , you should consume less than five , " Health Minister Alejandro Collia said when he announced the change last month . The measure is not as extreme as it sounds . Salt will be available by request , but only after the patrons have tasted their food . The government also signed an agreement with the local breadmakers federation to reduce by 40 % the amount of sodium in bread sold in the province . "  To reduce consumption  of salt  , we will recommend to the breadmakers to reduce to 750 grams of salt per bag of 50 kilograms of flour , that is , 100 less grams that what is normally added , " said Ruben Salvio , head of the breadmakers federation . Collia said that if Buenos Aires residents can reduce their daily salt intake by three grams , it could save about 2,000 lives a year . Hypertension , commonly known as high blood pressure , has been linked to high salt and sodium consumption , but there is still debate on the issue . A study by European researchers released just weeks before the new Buenos Aires salt restrictions discounted the link between salt and hypertension . "  The chef or cook already in preparing  a meal  puts salt on it , and the client without tasting it adds more salt on top , " said restuarant owner Hector Toublanc . Guests were divided on the new measure . "  For me , this is perfect , " said retiree Angelica Slom . "  In reality I would not miss  a salt shaker  if it was not on the table . " Businessman Hugo Verlandi had a problem with the restrictions . "  I am against prohibitions , " he said . "  I think that we have to educate people so that they know what to do , not prohibit it , but put it as an option . " CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	An agreement removes salt from the tables of restaurants The aim is to reduce salt and sodium consumption Some 3.7 million people in Buenos Aires province suffer from hypertension
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There is one man who will be pacing around the Hazeltine National Golf Club in Minnesota this week hoping to make it three majors in a row -- but you wo n't find his name when you trail your finger down the list of starters at the 91st PGA Championship . Tiger Woods possesses a mental toughness that none of his competitors can match . Though his presence may be unnoticed by spectators lining the fairways , his influence on the players he coaches is becoming far more conspicuous . That is because sports psychologist Dr. Morris Pickens , or "  Dr Mo " as his players like to call him , is fast gaining a reputation for being one of the best mental coaches in golf . So far this year his mastery of the mind has helped Lucas Glover and Stewart Cink win the U.S. Open and the British Open respectively . In 2007 , Pickens helped Zach Johnson to his Masters ' triumph at the Augusta National . A win for one of Pickens ' players at this year 's PGA would complete a career slam of majors for the psychologist . It is a cast iron certainty that this week 's winner will not only have to master the course -- all 7674 yards of it -- but also his mental demons coming down the stretch on Sunday evening . Learning to cope with such pressure is not easy . "  It does n't just happen , you have to develop the mental game off the golf course , " Pickens told CNN . The best players on the Tour are consistently honing their mental skills and Morris -- who studied under the game 's most renowned psychologist , Bob Rotella , at the University of Virginia in the 1990s -- is now just one of dozens of mind men employed by pros on the PGA Tour . "  Good players are mentally good when their game is on . Great players are mentally good regardless of where their game is . They are constantly remembering past memories -- where they 've won , where they putted good , and so on . " Pickens says it is important for players to put aside a set amount of time before a competition visualizing how they see themselves walking , their tempo and thinking about the demeanor they want to convey . But it is more than just about ramming home a message about the powers of positive thinking . Pickens advises more technical players to find ways of accepting where shots go , relaxing in between and staying patient . Someone who struggles with shot selection will require a strategy that focuses on being decisive . "  Being great behind the ball so you can be great over the ball , " Pickens says . It 's the sort of mantra you sense that Tiger Woods has probably uttered to himself thousands of times down the years . The mental side is part of the game that Woods has paid close attention to ever since he was a boy . When most teenagers were blithely thwacking balls out on the range and dreaming of future glory , Woods was already laying the foundations of his mental toughness . With the help of Dr Jay Brunza -- a former military man and friend of Woods ' late father Earl -- Woods Jr was being drilled in strategies of emotional detachment in pressure situations . As Pickens points out , it 's been key to his success . "  If you learn these mental skills when you are young , it becomes second nature to you . Most guys start learning to be good mentally when they are 30 and it 's not easy to incorporate . For Tiger , it 's always been part of his game . For others it 's an add on . " Pickens , who has also worked in American Football and Nascar , identifies Woods ' extraordinary mental control in adversity as one of his greatest assets . "  His confidence around his scoring is not going to be affected by his confidence about his ball striking . He might have his A-game , but if he does n't , it 's like he says : ` I 'll figure out a way and hit three wood or an iron ' -- like he did at Hoylake -LSB- in 2006 -RSB- . Other guys confidence is all around : ` if I do n't hit it good , then I ca n't score good ' and they take themselves out of it . " Back to back wins on the PGA Tour have ensured Woods is one of the hottest favorites -- even by his standards -- to win his fifth PGA Championship . And it seems implausible that he will miss two major cuts on the bounce . If he is in the mix come Sunday , it is , according to Pickens , another edge he has over his competitors . "  He 's been through those experiences more than anyone he 's going to face and is familiar with how the intense pressure changes your body . When you 've been there so often , like Tiger has , it 's easier to manage . I think he still gets nervous and gets those feelings of wanting to win . I just think he does n't get overwhelmed by them like some guys do . " But that 's all to come . For now , Pickens is concentrating on getting his players in good shape for the tournament . And that means sticking to the same routine . "  It 's not Masters week or PGA week . It 's what course are we going to ? Is it Augusta National , Turnberry or Hazeltine ? " Pickens said . During practice rounds , Pickens will spend around half a day with each of his players . Once the tournament starts . he 'll see them during their warm ups and , if required , work through some putting or short game drills after a round . He 's confident one of his charges can do the business this week . Cink , Glover and Johnson were all in the top five heading into the final round at WGC-Bridgestone Invitational last weekend . "  They are all probably feeling that they are pretty close , " he said . But judging by Woods ' current form , they will do well to hold him off . Pickens and his players do n't discuss Woods , but they do talk about strategies if they are paired with him . "  You have to be prepared for the crowd that follow him . When you play with Tiger you know that there is going to be a lot of chaos and confusion , " Pickens said . He ca n't see past Woods this week . "  I 'm sure he still struggles with some shots , some putts , like everybody does . But I ca n't see any weaknesses in his game . I 'm just hoping that he 's peaked a little early ! "	Sports psychologist Dr Morris Pickens has coached the last two major winners Stewart Cink , Lucas Glover and Zach Johnson have all benefited from his skills Pickens : "  For Tiger , mental strength has always been part of his game "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Isaac Lidsky arrives in front of the U.S. Supreme Court , stops suddenly and , upon hearing a voice , extends his hand in greeting almost instinctively . Isaac Lidsky graduated from Harvard University at 19 . Retinitis pigmentosa has seriously impaired his vision . Seemingly simple gestures such as a hello do n't always come easily for a man who is legally blind . But this has n't deterred the ex-Justice Department prosecutor from pursuing a promising legal career , one that will take him inside the nation 's highest court in a few weeks . The Florida native will join 36 of the nation 's top young attorneys as law clerks to Supreme Court justices for the 2008 - '09 term . He will be the first legally blind law clerk in the court 's history . Lidsky , 28 , will work with the retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and will be assured of long days writing and researching cases . "  I certainly am nervous to the extent I am eager to be helpful to the justice and productive , " he said . "  I just want to do good work . " Watch as the lawyer will break new ground at the court " Lidsky , a one-time actor , may be vaguely familiar to adults of a certain age . He played the lovable geek Barton "  Weasel " Wyzell on the NBC series "  Saved by the Bell : The New Class " in the 1990s . "  There 's a little bit of a cringe factor because my character was not necessarily the coolest kid in school , but certainly , -LSB- there 's -RSB- fond memories , " he recalled . "  It was an incredible experience for a kid to have . " Around that time , the 13-year-old was diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa , a degenerative eye disease that already had struck two of his older sisters . The symptoms were slow to develop , so Lidsky came to terms early with the idea of losing his vision . Now his sight is seriously impaired . Lidsky said his parents , Betti and Carlos Lidsky , did not allow self-pity and encouraged him to help others like himself . "  Right away my parents really led the charge on saying , ` How can we take this challenge and turn it into something positive ? ' " he said . "  So for 15 years we have been doing just that . " Acting was never going to be a career for Lidsky . It was the law that always attracted him . As a child he went to court with his father , a prominent Miami lawyer . Becoming a Supreme Court law clerk , he said , was a lifelong dream . After graduating at 19 from Harvard University , he earned a degree from its law school , with a brief stop in between as an Internet business entrepreneur . In 2004 , he began a clerkship with Judge Thomas Ambro of the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Ambro became a mentor to the bright young lawyer and witnessed a sudden decline in his vision . "  You could tell things were getting worse , " Ambro said . By the end of the one-year assignment , "  he now needed a cane and was using a guide dog . Once he had no idea I was in the same room with him until I spoke . " But that did not dull Lidsky 's drive to succeed . "  He had a real good sense of what he was facing , " Ambro said . "  He 's determined to make it in the same way as other people who succeed . For him it was simply a matter of getting the tools to do it . " Those tools include optical character recognition software , which scans printed words electronically and reads them back to him , and a Blackberry-type communication device that sends and receives e-mail audibly . Friends said he was a little reluctant over the years to embrace much of the technology , as he sought to preserve his independence as long as possible . After his clerkship came a stint in the Justice Department 's Civil Division , where he argued about a dozen cases in federal courts . He said his acting skills came in handy when pleading before often skeptical judges . With the recommendations of Ambro and others , Lidsky applied four times to be a Supreme Court law clerk but was rejected . A meeting with longtime federal Judge David Tatel , who also is blind , convinced Lidsky he should not give up his dream . Then came the call from O'Connor . "  Sitting in her chambers , here I was worrying about having to recall the minutiae of legal doctrine " for the personal interview , he recalled . "  But we fell into talking about our families and philosophies , and she made me feel very warm and welcome . " O'Connor was not available for an interview , but former clerks said they remember her as a nurturing type who nevertheless demands much from them . "  I have no doubt Justice O'Connor will keep me very busy , " Lidsky said . In addition , Lidsky likely will be assigned to an active justice to sort through the 9,000-some appeals that reach the high court every year . In that capacity , he would recommend which cases should be accepted for review and help write early drafts of opinions . O'Connor also will continue her practice of sitting in on several appeals court cases a year , so Lidsky will assist her on those , along with the 78-year-old 's busy schedule of teaching , speeches and public advocacy . Lidsky will have to scale back involvement in his foundation , Hope for Vision , which he created with his wife , Dorothy , and some friends to raise awareness of blinding diseases . His group is launching a campaign this week to find a cure for blindness by 2020 . "  We have communities of Hope across the country that do events to raise awareness and funding for research , " he said . "  It 's purely volunteer-driven , very grass-roots . Over 98 percent of the money we raise goes directly to scientific grants . " As for the future , Lidsky plans to go to London , England , after his clerkship ends , so his wife can finish her master 's degree . He would be set to rejoin his law firm , where he has taken a leave of absence , but has no specific career goals . "  In 10 or 15 years , I would bet he will be a man still on your radar screen , " Ambro predicts . Lidsky appears more modest . "  I 'm not out there to set any kinds of records or prove anything to anybody , " he said . "  As odd as it may sound , losing my vision has in a lot of ways been a very rewarding experience for me . " CNN 's Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	Isaac Lidsky is set to become first legally blind law clerk at U.S. Supreme Court Lidsky will work with retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , who still hears appeals Lidsky played Weasel on NBC 's "  Saved by the Bell : The New Class " He and wife founded Hope for Vision , a foundation that seeks a cure for blindness
CNN  -- Four years ago a shock defeat by France sent a rugby-mad nation into mourning , but New Zealand 's All Blacks erased some of that hurt with a comprehensive 37-17 vanquishing of their longtime bogey team on Saturday . Captain Richie McCaw looked a broken man after the 2007 World Cup quarterfinal defeat in Cardiff , but he was able to celebrate his 100th international appearance in style as the Kiwis lived up to their status as tournament favorites on home soil in Auckland and reached the quarterfinals . "  We realized we had to take a step up this week , " the flanker told the tournament website after victory against a nation who also ended New Zealand 's 1999 World Cup hopes in the semifinals . "  We had to absorb a fair bit early on and I was proud of the way the boys did that . When we got the opportunity we put the points on the board . The boys held their cool , and when we had a chance we took it . I 'm very happy with the way things went . " No. 8 Adam Thomson and wing Cory Jane scored inside the first 20 minutes , then fullback Israel Dagg dotted down either side of halftime to give New Zealand a 29-3 advantage . France , losing semifinalists in 2007 , showed some steel with tries to Maxime Mermoz and replacement Francois Trinh-Duc but NZ substitute Sonny Bill Williams crossed late to seal victory . The bonus point gave the All Blacks a maximum 15 points from three Group A outings ahead of their final match against Canada on October 2 . France 's Les Bleus still have a five-point advantage over third-placed Tonga , who they meet the previous day . Marc Lievremont 's team will likely play England in the last eight after Martin Johnson 's men responded to stinging criticism from their coach to thrash Romania 67-3 earlier on Saturday and take control of Group B. Johnson , a World Cup winner as a player in 2003 , was unhappy with unimpressive victories over Argentina and Georgia but this time his players delivered with 10 tries in Dunedin to seal a last-eight spot as one of the pool 's top two teams . Wingers Mark Cueto and Chris Ashton both scored three tries against the under-strength Romanians , who face East European rivals Georgia in their final match . England close against "  Auld Enemy " Scotland , who have struggled so far in the tournament and face a tough test against 2007 semifinalists Argentina on Sunday in a match that will have a big bearing on the group . "  In some aspects of the game , we did n't really get tested , " Johnson said . "  Next week is going to be a different game . This was what it was and we did a job . Next week it really starts , because it will be a scrap . "	New Zealand beat France 37-17 to reach Rugby World Cup quarterfinals All Blacks have maximimum points after three of four Group A matches Second-placed France likely to play England in the last eight of tournament England thrash Romania 67-3 , scoring 10 tries , to move clear at top of Group B
Washington  CNN  -- What had been speculated before is now very public -- the United States and Israel differ on how to deal with Iran 's nuclear ambitions . While both governments reject any possibility of a nuclear-armed Iran , they are clearly at odds over a possible agreement as soon as this week that would loosen economic sanctions against Tehran in exchange for a suspension of part of its nuclear program . President Barack Obama said Tuesday that he did n't know if what he called an interim agreement with Iran could be reached , but he said the goal was to ensure Iran gave up any ambitions to develop nuclear weapons . The negotiations would buy time so "  we could see if they could get to the end state of a position where we , the Israelis and the international community could say Iran 's not seeking a nuclear weapon , " Obama told business leaders at a Wall Street Journal forum . However , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects the agreement sought by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry at the international talks that resume Wednesday in Geneva . "  It 's a bad deal -- an exceedingly bad deal , " Netanyahu told CNN on Sunday . In a sign of the level of disconnect , the two countries were unable to agree on when Kerry would next travel to Israel for talks with Netanyahu on the Iranian issue . Netanyahu said Sunday that Kerry would meet with him on Friday , but Kerry told reporters Monday he would be unable to make the trip so soon . The split involves international diplomacy and domestic political issues in both countries , and comes as Kerry and Obama also push Netanyahu to work with Palestinian officials on forging a Middle East peace agreement . While Netanyahu and Obama have long acknowledged that close friends can disagree on issues , the direct language on both sides about their differences over a possible agreement with Iran shows the volatility of an issue with major regional and global implications . Iran insists it seeks to use nuclear power only for peaceful purposes . The international community led by Israel , the United States , France and others demands that Tehran dismantle its ability to enrich uranium and other technology needed to develop nuclear weapons . On Tuesday , Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif accused Israel of wanting to "  torpedo " an agreement on his country 's nuclear program . "  We have reason to be suspicious of every move they make , " he said at a news conference in Rome , adding that "  every move they make is about spreading tension and mistrust . " In the CNN interview Sunday , Netanyahu made clear he opposes lifting some sanctions now -- as called for under the agreement being negotiated -- without getting further concessions to ensure Iran would be unable to continue with uranium enrichment and other steps . "  I think you should not only keep up the pressure ; I think you should increase the pressure , because it 's finally working , " Netanyahu said , labeling Iran 's economy as close to paralysis . "  If you give it up now , when you have that pressure , and Iran does n't even take apart , dismantle one centrifuge , what leverage will you have when you 've eased the pressure ? " Russia : Now is time to make deal with Iran on nuclear program At the same time , Netanyahu repeated his insistence that Israel "  always reserves the right to defend itself against any threat , " which is diplomat-speak for a military strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities to stop development of a weapon . In Congress , some legislators , including conservative Republicans and liberal Democrats , share the concerns of Netanyahu and the powerful pro-Israel lobby in Washington . On Tuesday , a bipartisan group of six senators urged the administration to reject the proposed deal with Iran under discussion and only accept an agreement that better dismantles Iran 's ability to develop nuclear weapons . In a letter to Kerry , the senators -- Democrats Chuck Schumer of New York , Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Robert Casey of Pennsylvania , and Republicans Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , John McCain of Arizona and Susan Collins of Maine -- said any easing of sanctions "  should require Iran to roll back its nuclear program more significantly than now envisioned . " "  It is our belief that any interim agreement with the Iranians should bring us closer to our ultimate goal which is Iran without a nuclear weapons capability , " the letter said . Obama later noted that the current sanctions put in place during his administration had forced Iran to the negotiating table because of economic contraction and frozen oil revenue . The interim deal under discussion in Geneva would "  open up the spigot a little bit " on some of the frozen revenue while leaving in place the bulk of the most effective sanctions involving Iranian oil exports and banking , he said . "  Let 's test the proposition over the next six months that we can resolve this in a diplomatic fashion while maintaining the central architecture of the sanctions , " Obama continued . At the same time , he emphasized that all options , including military strikes on Iran 's nuclear facilities , remained on the table as far as the United States was concerned . At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that "  no daylight " exists between the United States and Israel on the end goal of preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons . Kerry told reporters Monday that Netanyahu had "  every right in the world " to state his position and defend his interests . A former U.S. senator , he noted that he had been a consistent supporter of "  our friends in Israel " throughout his political career , and added that "  I can assure those friends and everybody watching this that nothing that we are doing here , in my judgment , will put Israel at any additional risk . " McCain calls Kerry ' a human wrecking ball ' on Iran negotiations The Geneva talks involve Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , Russia , China , Great Britain and France -- as well as Germany in what is known as the P5 +1 in diplomatic shorthand . According to a senior U.S. administration official , the talks are "  getting close " to an interim deal with Iran that would prevent its nuclear program "  from advancing , and roll it back " in key areas . The last round of negotiations broke up without a deal earlier this month , with each side blaming the other 's reluctance . A key issue is enrichment of uranium , which is necessary at different levels for both power production and developing nuclear weapons . Iran says it has the right to enrich its own uranium , while the United States and its allies reject enrichment as a right of nations . "  We 've long said that certainly we 're open to discussing a peaceful program , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Tuesday , adding that no right to enrich uranium exists under existing international agreements . Obama met Tuesday with Senate leaders as well as the top Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Banking , Foreign Relations , Armed Services and Intelligence committees to provide an update on the P5 +1 negotiations heading into the next round later this week . After the meeting , Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee told reporters he remains concerned that the United States and its allies might be about to give away too much to Iran , although he cautioned that an agreement this week in Geneva remains uncertain . "  I think you had some folks in the room who were satisfied . I think you had some folks in the room who were very unsatisfied , " Corker said , adding that any Senate action on additional sanctions or other measures involving Iran would occur only after the coming Thanksgiving break . Last week , Kerry told a Senate panel that new sanctions imposed on Iran by Congress now "  could be viewed as bad faith " in the negotiations . "  It could destroy the ability to be able to get agreement , " he added , "  and it could actually wind up setting us back in dialogue that 's taken 30 years to achieve . " Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , who was elected earlier this year , has made lifting tough economic sanctions against his country a priority . During a visit to the U.N. General Assembly in September , Rouhani 's moderate diplomatic approach raised hopes in the West of a thaw in relations with Tehran and progress in negotiations on its nuclear program . Rouhani 's visit culminated in a phone call with Obama and a meeting between Kerry and his Iranian counterpart . It was the first such high-level contact between the two nations since Iran 's 1979 revolution . Iran recently signed a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency that agrees to give the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency access to long-unseen nuclear sites , including a heavy-water reactor in Arak . On Tuesday , British Prime Minister David Cameron called Rouhani to talk about this week 's Geneva talks and other issues , Cameron 's Downing Street office announced , adding it was the first such call in more than a decade . A Downing Street spokesman said on traditional condition of not being identified that "  both leaders agreed that significant progress had been made in the recent Geneva negotiations and that it was important to seize the opportunity presented by the further round of talks which get under way tomorrow . " "  The Prime Minister underlined the necessity of Iran comprehensively addressing the concerns of the international community about their nuclear program , including the need for greater transparency " the spokesman said . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jim Acosta , Jill Dougherty , Jason Seher , Ted Barrett , Jamie Crawford , Gabe LaMonica , Virginia Nicolaidis and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says sanctions that brought Iran to the table will continue Iran 's foreign minister says Israel is trying to "  torpedo " a nuclear deal Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls a possible Iran deal "  exceedingly bad " International talks on Iran resume later this week in Geneva
CNN  -- Fidel Castro has released a previously unannounced two-volume memoir of his life , Cuban state-run media reported Saturday . In a six-hour presentation Friday , the leader of the Cuban Revolution and former president was jovial as he spoke about the 1,000-page work , the Granma newspaper reported . Castro , 85 , spoke together with a panel of cultural and literary officials at the unveiling of the books . "  They are going to talk to you about two books that you had no idea about , " Castro said , according to Granma . The two volumes , titled "  Fidel Castro Ruz : Guerrilla of Time , " is based on conversations with the writer and journalist Katiuska Blanco . The books cover his life from infancy to December 1958 , on the eve of victory of the Cuban Revolution . In photos published online , Castro is seen at the unveiling , wearing a dark blue workout suit over a checkered button-down shirt . A Cuban writer , Graziella Pogolotti , said she encouraged Castro to continue writing , despite the challenges of recalling the past , Granma reported . "  I have to take advantage now , because memories fade , " Castro was quoted as saying . "  I am willing to do everything possible to share everything I remember well . " Castro handed the presidency to his brother Raul in 2008 .	Castro was president of Cuba until 2008 , when he passed power to his brother He unveiled a two-volume memoir in a six-hour presentation Saturday The books cover his life from infancy to the eve of victory of the Cuban Revolution in 1958
CNN  -- Iran and six world powers ended talks on Tehran 's nuclear program with plans to meet again next month , the EU said Friday . The four-day meeting that came to a close Thursday in Vienna brought together technical experts , said Michael Mann , a spokesman for European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton . "  There will now be consultations in capitals , in the expectation that technical talks will continue soon , " Mann said . The talks come after an interim deal last month aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions in exchange for lifting crippling economic sanctions . That six-month deal , reached between Iran and the United States , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany , eases some $ 7 billion in economic sanctions in return for limiting aspects of Iran 's nuclear program . Iranian state news agency IRNA said the next round of talks will be in Tehran on January 21 .	The talks ended on Thursday More talks will happen soon , an EU spokesman said
GARUT , Indonesia  CNN  -- The people of Indonesia 's Java Island still follow wedding traditions passed down centuries ago by their ancestors . Cucu and his bride , Yati Supriyatna , plant two saplings during their wedding ceremony . Family members gather for an all-day ceremony that begins with the groom bringing a gift to the bride 's house . On a hot and sticky morning in a village near Garut , 26-year-old Cucu carries a sapling to give to his bride . The young tree is not exactly a unique gift ; it 's part of a government initiative to bring back the Garut province 's devastated forests . Newly married couples must plant 10 trees under the program . If they divorce , they must plant 50 others . Cucu and his bride , Yati Supriyatna -- both dressed in all white -- headed to a mosque in the foothills of West Java 's mountains , where they carefully planted two saplings , a symbolic gesture . The young couple met in school three years ago and began dating last year . Watch as Indonesia tackles deforestation " "  We 're just meant to be , " said 18-year-old Yati , giggling in her white flower-adorned veil . They will plant the other saplings -- eucalyptus , avocado and mahogany -- at the sleepy village about an hour outside Garut where they plan to settle , for now . Indonesia 's landscape has been devastated by massive deforestation . Though not a heavily industrialized nation , Indonesia is behind China and the United States as the world 's third largest producer of greenhouse gas emissions . That is largely the result of the removal of its trees , which cut down the absorption of carbon dioxide . While Garut province is not the country 's worst offender , a Garut forestry official said he can no longer ignore the damage . "  Most people here work in agriculture which is of course highly dependent on the fertility of the soil , " said Eddy Muharam of Garut 's forestry department . "  The fertility is decreasing now because of deforestation and intensive use of soil . " Forestry officials have identified "  critical land " in Garut , which has been overfarmed and needs to be reforested . The overfarming leads to erosion , which can cause major flooding . Environmental officials estimate that 50 million trees are needed in Garut alone to reverse the harm done by overfarming . Indonesia 's government does not have the funds to pay for such an initiative . So they hope the trend of planting saplings will catch on among other newlyweds in Indonesia . "  It 's sacred and a once in a lifetime moment , so we thought that it would be a good time to encourage people 's participation , " Muharam said . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	Newlyweds in Indonesia plant trees under program to replenish forests Couples plant 10 trees ; if they divorce , they must plant 50 others Indonesia 's landscape has been devastated by massive deforestation
CNN  -- A German citizen of Afghan descent was the source of much of the information on a potential "  Mumbai-style " terror plot in Europe , a German counterterrorism official said Wednesday . The man , Ahmed Sidiqi , was detained in Kabul in July and transferred to U.S. custody where he has "  revealed details about the terror plot , " said the official , who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to talk to the media . The man and several other Germans traveled from Hamburg to the Afghan-Pakistan border area in 2009 , where he joined the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , an extremist group allied with al Qaeda , German intelligence officials said . Sidiqi , once captured , "  started to talk a lot , " and detailed a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe , the German official said . Eiffel Tower evacuated after bomb threat Ten men launched a carefully planned attack on buildings in Mumbai , India , on November 26 , 2008 . The attack on such prominent sites -- such as the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower hotel , the Oberoi-Trident hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center -- lasted three days and killed 164 people . Sidiqi is from Hamburg where he worked for a cleaning company at the Hamburg international airport , the German official said . He attended the Masjid Taiba mosque , formerly known as the Al-Quds mosque , in Hamburg , which became known as the meeting place of those behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Among those who prayed there was Mohammad Atta , one of the hijackers who commandeered the first plane that crashed into New York 's World Trade Center . Sidiqi was part of Atta 's circle , the official said . Hamburg shut down the mosque this year , not long after Sidiqi 's capture . National Intelligence Director James Clapper would not talk about a plot Tuesday evening . "  We are not going to comment on specific intelligence , as doing so threatens to undermine intelligence operations that are critical to protecting the U.S. and our allies , " he said . "  As we have repeatedly said , we know al Qaeda wants to attack Europe and the United States . " Meanwhile , a federal law enforcement official in the United States , said "  the volume seems to be turned up " on the threat information coming out of Europe . The intelligence indicates there is interest in using people with Western passports in an attack , that official said . This source says the potential operatives may be a mix of Europeans and others possibly including North Africans , Pakistanis , Turks , Uzbeks , and Tajiks . There is concern about an "  active shooter " scenario that would create as many casualties and as much chaos as possible in a short period of time . The Mumbai attacks showed how effective this kind of an attack can be in drawing attention . According to this source , economic targets in Europe could be possible targets , including institutions such as banks and stock exchanges . A separate law enforcement source said "  the belief is " that Osama bin Laden signed off on a European attack plan , and that source confirmed the intelligence related to a Mumbai-style attack . The German government is increasingly concerned about the number of Germans becoming jihadists . According to a senior German counterterrorism source , some 200 individuals have traveled to train with Jihadist groups in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region since the 9/11 attacks . The potential plot against Europe was one factor contributing to the uptick this month in missile strikes by unmanned drones against terrorist targets in Pakistan , according to a U.S. official . "  We would be remiss not to try to take action to thwart what might be under way in Europe , " said the official . The official emphasized that the potential plot was not the sole factor . U.S. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call "  precise intelligence . " Most of the drone attacks this year have been focused on North Waziristan , a mountainous area bordering Afghanistan where Pakistani security forces have little control . That has continued to be the pattern this month . Based on information from Pakistani officials , CNN estimates there have been 20 drone attacks in the area in September alone , a higher number than in any previous month , and more than twice the monthly average . Acknowledging the spike , one U.S. official told CNN : "  Our operational tempo has been up for a while now , we have good information driving it , and given the stakes involved , we hope to keep the pressure on as long as we can . " According to the official , the mix of threats remains the same . It comes from groups like the Haqqani network , al Qaeda , the Afghan Taliban and the Pakistan Taliban . The threats they pose are "  all deadly , " said the official . Pakistani officials say many recent strikes have been aimed at compounds in or around the town of Miramshah , a stronghold of the Haqqani network . Western intelligence officials have long regarded the Haqqanis as one of the most dangerous terror groups and have linked them to several attacks in Kabul . Intelligence analysts point to other reasons for the escalated drone attacks . They include better information from sources in the border area and better surveillance technology -- including the growing use of spy balloons fitted with high-powered cameras . In addition , the rising number of drone strikes is designed to deprive the Afghan Taliban of "  strategic depth " as the Obama administration 's campaign to defeat the insurgency enters a crucial phase and tighten the noose on the senior al Qaeda leadership . Pakistani officials say one strike last weekend killed Sheikh Mohammad Fateh al Masri , described as the group 's senior operational commander . CNN 's Pam Benson , Tim Lister and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : Clapper : We 're not going to comment on specific intelligence Man talks about a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe , official says He attended the same mosque in Hamburg as 9/11 hijacker Atta Europe plot is one factor in the increase in drone attacks in Pakistan
Sandy Springs , Georgia  CNN  -- The old Chevrolet paint and body shop was vacant -- 24,000 square feet of metal and concrete surrounded by a sea of asphalt . But when some members of Congregation Or Hadash saw it , they saw a home . Since it was founded in 2003 , the conservative Jewish congregation had bounced from location to location outside Atlanta -- a Methodist church , a windowless space in a school , any place they could rent or borrow as they grew . "  Sometimes , from week to week , we did n't know exactly where we were going to be , " said Fred Wachter , president of the congregation and a member since its early years . "  All the while ... we probably walked every piece of available property and real estate in Sandy Springs , trying to find something , anything , that would look like it . " In 2010 , the congregation purchased the former auto shop , seeing the promise of their own synagogue in its bare white walls . "  That was the first leap of imagination someone had to make , and it 's a big leap , " said architect Brian Bell , whose firm , BLDGS , worked on the synagogue . In architecture , it 's called adaptive reuse -- remaking old buildings for new purposes . Bell and his partner , David Yocum , are n't Jewish , and they had never before worked on a religious structure . But the Georgia Tech faculty members had transformed several old buildings and an "  uncanny " number of automotive spaces : A carriage house-turned-art gallery , a renovated a truck depot that became the Atlanta Contemporary Art Center and their own office , which is housed within a former Atlanta auto parts shop . There was nothing sacred about the auto shop , a spare structure built in the 1990s . But it was available , affordable and allowed the congregation to remain central to its members , all while healing a patch of earth that had been left neglected . "  Or Hadash , " members point out , means "  new light " in Hebrew . "  There was not an ounce of excess to it , " Bell said of the old building . "  Even with this harsh industrial site , the idea was to impart their principles and values onto the site . " The congregation wanted its home to work for 362 days of the year , with a large sanctuary , social hall and classrooms for its 400 member families . They could always find a larger venue for the Jewish High Holidays , when more people attend services . They planned on an energy efficient , environmentally sound space and to send as little to the landfill as possible . They needed to stay within their budget -- $ 4.8 million to purchase and transform a building -- and refused to name spaces after donors , even if it would 've raised more money . In their synagogue , they wanted everyone to feel equal . "  We really were able to think about how we wanted to do it and to make decisions over a period of time , " said Wachter , who led the congregation 's building committee . "  Everything was done very deliberately . " Or Hadash Rabbis Mario Karpuj and Analia Bortz , a married couple from Argentina , set the tone for the contemporary design of the space , and members weighed in with their own ideas . They did n't want anything ornate or fancy , but where there 's color on the walls , it 's warm and bright . The lobby was built to feel welcoming , like a hotel . In the sanctuary , the walls and ceiling are artfully askew , "  so your eye and mind can wander , " said Bell , the architect . The bema , the podium at the center of the room , is positioned to be wheelchair accessible and keep all members level . High windows obscure the parking lot surrounding the building but reveal a border of trees . Skylights were placed to highlight the ark , the closet that holds the synagogue 's Torah scrolls , as well as its "  infinite " glass door and the Hebrew alphabet etched into it . The sanctuary was engineered to maximize acoustic performance . Services at Or Hadash often include music , and congregants speak to each other from across the room . In their old space , low drop ceilings meant they struggled to hear one another . Now , their voices are loud and clear . "  It 's really something amazing , " Wachter said . "  The ability to really be able to enjoy the rich sounds within the sanctuary is something that really makes a difference . " Congregation Or Hadash moved into its new home at the end of February , after less than a year of construction . This month , the building was honored in the Georgia chapter of the American Institute of Architects ' Design Awards . Visitors are often wowed by the change and stunned to learn the building 's history , said Bruce Warschoff , the congregation 's executive director . As much as members love the space , they love the story . "  Once we found a place in existence , the idea of repurposing made sense , " Warschoff said . "  It 's nice to have room to spread out . " Even now , there are reminders of the building 's past -- they kept the same footprint , and some of the original exterior walls , steel structure and concrete blocks remain visible . The old concrete floor is freshly polished , but watchful eyes can spot outlines of the former auto bays and windows where cars used to drive in . They kept the posts that used to guide cars inside , but painted them a warm red to contrast with the new gray exterior . Even concrete in the new courtyard is original but cut to improve drainage and create a new look . The congregation is gradually growing into the building . Flags still mark where plants and flowers will go in the ground , and the walls will remain clear of artwork until they better understand their own space . There are plans to improve classrooms and their kosher kitchen later , but they 're grateful now for a consistent space with room to grow . It 's a complete transformation , said Bell , the architect , even between the steel ceiling and concrete floor . "  You have to transform it . If you leave it too much the same , it does n't have the potential to enlighten us , " Bell said . "  We 're always trying to break out out of the big box we started with . "	Congregation Or Hadash 's synagogue is built from a former auto paint shop The Atlanta-area synagogue is an example of adaptive reuse in architecture Architect : "  We 're always trying to break out out of the big box we started with " Have you helped re-purpose a building ? Share your story on CNN iReport
San Diego , California  CNN  -- John McCain is stuck in an ideological no-man 's land . The Arizona senator is not sufficiently liberal for liberals . But nor is he conservative enough for conservatives . In an extraordinary gesture on Saturday , the Arizona Republican Party formally censured McCain , who is one of the most respected and powerful elected officials in the state . Those who adopted the resolution cited a legislative record that they say is insufficiently conservative on issues such as immigration reform and funding Obamacare . They also seem upset that McCain has worked with Democrats to pass legislation dealing with issues such as campaign finance reform . McCain has always been a hawk on national defense , and his pro-life credentials are solid . But , on other issues , he is a moderate -- at least by Arizona standards . Arizona GOP rebukes McCain for not being conservative enough Former Sen. Jon Kyl , who represented Arizona in the Senate for three terms and whose own conservative credentials were rarely called into question by Republicans , stood by McCain . He told the Arizona Republic that McCain 's record was "  very conservative , " and he called the resolution "  wacky . " There 's that word again -- or at least a variation of it . Do you remember when McCain got in a rhetoric shoving match with Senate rookie Ted Cruz of Texas ? Last year , McCain called Cruz , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Rep. Justin Amash , R-Michigan , "  wacko birds . " He later apologized . Partly , that 's what this vote in Arizona is about . It 's revenge of the wacko birds . During that tussle with the tea party faction of the Senate , many of the Republican faithful -- both in Arizona and around the country -- made it known that they preferred the confrontational approach on issues such as whether to fund Obamacare . McCain and other senators within the Republican establishment such as Lindsey Graham of South Carolina were seen as much too accommodating . Obviously , there are plenty of Republicans with good memories . During their tussle , Cruz tweaked McCain by appearing to include him in what the tea party party favorite called the Senate 's "  surrender caucus . " Cruz later denied using those words , but audio of Cruz 's appearance on the Sean Hannity radio show proved otherwise . For McCain , whose record of military service is well-known , any talk of surrender is tantamount to fighting words . Perhaps . But I 've seen McCain surrender before -- to right-wing Republicans in his home state when his political career seems jeopardized . That record is also fairly well-known and not nearly as commendable . I first met McCain in the late 1990s when I was a reporter and metro columnist for The Arizona Republic . I wrote some nice things about him and praised his ability to carve out an average of 60 % of the Hispanic vote in his re-election campaigns . By the time McCain ran for president the first time , in 2000 , I 'd left the newspaper and returned to graduate school . I was a big fan of the "  maverick " aboard the "  Straight Talk Express " who , according to the marketing , had gotten crossways with stuffy Senate colleagues by putting solutions ahead of partisanship and working with Democrats . Twice during the campaign , I bumped into McCain , and he recognized me on sight . He would shake my hand enthusiastically . In 2008 , when he ran again , I interviewed him and wrote a column laying out the case that he was a better choice for Latinos than Barack Obama . Then came the senator 's radical makeover . In 2010 , McCain found himself running for re-election against J.D. Hayworth , a former congressman turned right-wing radio talk show host . With polls showing that McCain was vulnerable to being turned out of office , the maverick became the conformist . He seemed determined to "  out crazy " Hayworth on immigration , supporting the Arizona immigration law . That statute was opposed by 70 % of Hispanics nationwide . I harshly criticized McCain for being so quick to throw Hispanics under the bus . I had hoped that someone who withstood five and a half years of torture in a North Vietnamese prison camp would have been stronger and able to resist those in his own party who tried to pull him to the nativist fringe -- and , by all appearances , succeeded in getting their way . The low point had to have been in June 2011 , when McCain -- with no evidence to back it up -- blamed some Arizona wildfires on illegal immigrants . The real culprits turned out to be two campers who had been careless about putting out their campfire , and wound up being fined $ 3.7 million in damages . The senator wound up with huevos rancheros on his face . Now , as McCain decides whether to run again for re-election in 2016 -- when he 'll be 80 , and for what would be his sixth term in the Senate -- he seems to be drifting back to the middle . On immigration , he is signaling that he is ready to support the kind of comprehensive solution that he once championed . Perhaps in response to that , the crazies on the far right are -- through gestures like this resolution -- pulling again . Let 's hope that , this time , he is stronger and better able to resist . It would be nice to have the maverick back for good . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette	Arizona GOP censured John McCain for being insufficiently conservative Ruben Navarrette says McCain has been admirable when he 's been a maverick His willingness to challenge orthodoxy is refreshing , Navarrette says Navarrette : But when McCain faced right-wing challenger , he adopted wild stands
A Spirit Airlines flight departing New Orleans en route to Dallas was forced to make an emergency landing Thursday , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . "  The crew reported smoke in the cockpit and returned to New Orleans , where the flight landed safely , " said Lynn Lunsford , an FAA spokesman . "  As in all such cases , the FAA is following up with the airline . " The maintenance problem did n't take the aircraft out of service for long . "  Upon indication of a smoky odor in the cabin , our flight 365 from New Orleans to Dallas/Fort Worth returned to New Orleans as a safety precaution , " said Spirit spokeswoman Misty Pinson . "  It was a normal landing and customers safely deplaned . After our maintenance checked the aircraft , the flight continued to DFW . " A man who said he was on the flight told CNN affiliate WWL that passengers heard grinding noises and the wheels retracting a couple minutes into the flight . The man , who did n't want to be identified , also said he saw smoke and felt vibrations . Another passenger said the airline told passengers that the problem might be due to the air conditioning system . Spirit Airlines ' Pinson said that Flight 365 's problems were "  unrelated " to another aircraft 's engine troubles last week . In that case , an engine failed on Atlanta-bound Spirit Flight 165 shortly after takeoff from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport . The aircraft returned safely to the Dallas airport . Because of last week 's engine failure , this week the airline conducted inspections of all of its engines starting on Wednesday . That led to lengthy delays for hundreds of passengers at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport Wednesday night into Thursday morning , with dozens sleeping at the airport until their aircraft were cleared for takeoff . The safety checks took about 45 minutes per aircraft , Pinson said . Spirit announced Thursday afternoon that all checks had been completed and apologized for the delays . The airline said the checks were voluntary and not mandated by the FAA .	A Dallas-bound Spirit Airlines flight makes an emergency landing safely This aircraft 's problems were unrelated to last week 's engine failure , airline says Airline inspections after that problem flight caused delays at Fort Lauderdale airport
She 's a charming cetacean who one minute will allow you to put your arm around her -- and the next leave you nursing injuries . As swimmers off the west coast of Ireland are finding out , you do n't mess with Dusty the dolphin . Now authorities have been forced to erect signs around Doolin Harbor , County Clare , after a woman was hospitalized last Sunday by the feisty bottlenose dolphin -- the fourth such incident since May . Dusty has a checkered history in the area . First spotted in the waters off the coast of County Clare in 2000 , reports began to surface as far back as 2004 that she was a little temperamental . According to media reports , one diver even claimed that Dusty had tried to drown her . Officials say that a record has never been kept of precisely how many incidents Dusty has been involved in -- but they believe that the number has escalated this year . Village suggest this could be because Dusty moved to Doolin Harbour -- which is much more heavily populated with swimmers than her previous hunting ground -- back in 2011 . In the latest incident , the Irish Whale and Dolphin Group reports that Dusty rammed a woman in the abdomen resulting in her hospitalization . It 's only the latest in a series of incidents , the group says , with one woman having to be flown back to Germany via air ambulance as a result of her injuries . The IWDG also warns that pursuing Dusty could also result in an injury or even a fatality . And do n't even think about trying to take her picture . As one sign states : "  If she does grab a camera etc , let her have it , or she might ram you or hit you with her tail . " Clare County Council has now commissioned the IWDG to produce advisory posters warning people not to approach Dusty . It has also asked lifeguards to put out red warning flags whenever Dusty is spotted in the area . But beyond that there 's little else the authorities can do : the bottlenose dolphin -- which can grow up to 10-feet long -- is an endangered species and is protected under law . Swimmers on the west coast of Ireland -- beware .	Reports suggest Dusty the dolphin , found on the west coast of Ireland , has attacked swimmers A woman was hospitalized last Sunday -- the fourth incident since May Authorities are now erecting warning signs around Doolin Harbor , County Clare The bottlenose dolphin is listed as an endangered species
CNN  -- Officials in Costa Rica worked Friday to mop up the damage after heavy rain and mud slides buried homes and killed at least 23 people in the Central American country , authorities said . Crews have found at least 20 people who were buried alive Thursday after pounding rains sent mud rushing over at least five homes in San Antonio de Escazu , a suburb of the nation 's capital , the Costa Rica National Commission for Emergencies said . Several people were still reported missing there Friday , while three people were found dead in San Marcos de Tarrazu , a city in the central part of the country , said CNE . Another 2,639 people have sought refuge in 46 shelters , the commission said . President Laura Chinchilla has declared a state of emergency and said that Friday and Saturday would be national days of mourning . She visited an affected area in San Antonio de Escazu Friday to offer her support to the families missing loved ones . Images airing on CNN affiliate Teletica showed rescue crews digging through demolished homes . In another scene , workers at a mud-covered overturned vehicle spread a white sheet over a victim 's body . Other images showed buckled roads damaged by the ferocity of the rushing water . In another area , some residents strung up a rope between two banks so people could hold on to it and walk across rushing water . Mud slides and flooding were reported in many places in the Central Valley area , which is surrounded by a handful of mountains and volcanoes . It is the most populous part of the nation . Classes were indefinitely canceled at many of Costa Rica 's public schools , the education minister said on Teletica . About 800,000 people were left without safe water supplies , and residents were told to boil any water to be used for drinking or cooking .	NEW : Three additional people were found dead in San Marcos de Tarrazu NEW : Thousands have taken refuge in 46 shelters , the government said Homes were demolished and roads were washed away in places
CNN  -- The U.S. government had pledged an array of support from monetary aid to search-and-rescue missions in the Philippines , helping its longtime ally recover from a massive , devastating typhoon . The U.S. Agency for International Development , known as USAID , announced Saturday it is immediately making available $ 100,000 to go for health care , clean water and sanitation to areas hit hard by the devastating storm . This initial grant follows a disaster declaration by Acting U.S. Ambassador Brian Goldbeck , as the U.S. Embassy in the Philippines notes on its website . USAID said in a statement that it is sending a disaster assistance response team to assess the damage , determine the humanitarian needs and keep key players posted on what 's happening and what needs to happen next . ` Worse than hell ' The group is working in coordination with the Philippines ' government -- which requested the assistance -- as well as international and non-governmental organizations plus other U.S. agencies , such as the Department of Defense . The American Embassy noted that Washington will also fly a humanitarian assistance survey team to Manila due to the catastrophe . The U.S. military announced that Secretary Chuck Hagel has directed troops to support these humanitarian missions . That includes deploying aircraft for search-and-rescue missions , bringing in aid and providing logistical support . Leaders , celebrities send messages The U.S. force will be led by Marines out of Okinawa , Japan , according to two U.S. military officials . Other military services will participate . There is currently a Marine Expeditionary Unit of about 2,000 Marines on several ships in the Pacific , as well as a supply ship that could be sent . Both officials emphasized the plan is still being finalized . As of now , the plan is for the U.S. military to fly in requested aid by transport aircraft and heavy-lift helicopters into the most damaged areas . In hard-hit Tacloban , children ripped from arms "  In coordination with the U.S. Agency for International Development and the U.S. ambassador in Manila , the Department of Defense will continue to monitor the effects of Typhoon Haiyan and stands ready to help our ally recover from the storm , " the Pentagon said in a statement . Much of this support will be directed to the same place -- including hard-hit places like Palo and Tacloban -- where , just under 70 years ago , U.S. Gen. Douglas MacArthur led allied troops back to then battle-scarred Philippines . Water , wind and fire create catastrophe In doing so , he fulfilled a promise he 'd made just two earlier : "  I shall return . " This was one of many major milestones in the deep U.S.-Filipino relationship . The island nation had been under U.S. sovereignty -- with the exception of the three years it was occupied by the Japanese during World War II -- since the Spanish-American War 's end in 1898 . Washington recognized the Philippines as an independent nation in 1946 . The two nations have stayed close politically , economically and culturally in the decades since . How to help survivors CNN 's Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	U.S. military will support typhoon recovery efforts in various ways USAID announces an initial $ 100,000 for the Philippines after huge typhoon U.S. government is sending several teams to assess damage , assist The United States and the Philippines are longtime allies
CNN  -- Earlier this month , a video of young men doing the "  Harlem Shake " -- bare chests and thrusting pelvises -- in front of the Muslim Brotherhood 's headquarters in Cairo attracted worldwide attention , for putting one finger up to the moral authority of Islamic conservatives now struggling to govern Egypt . But over in Alexandria , a soft-spoken teenage girl offered a far more unsettling challenge to the powers that be . Hebat Allah Mahmoud , a young karate enthusiast , was refused a place in her school 's tournament photo because , she claimed , she does not cover her hair with a hijab . Her teacher denied such charges of discrimination . Hebat Allah , however was unwilling to take this lying down . Instead , she took to YouTube , in a video in which she tearfully lambasted authorities for willful blindness and narrow-mindedness . Did they not know , she asked , that most of the girls put on the hijab at school but took it off once they left the premises ? And she criticized teachers ' interpretation of Islam , for insisting that the hijab was religiously mandated and that those who did not wear it were less worthy than those who covered . "  We should have equal rights as stressed by the Prophet , " she told the camera . Read more : Harlem shaking the Arab world ? Hebat Allah 's challenge to the one size-fits-all vision of Islam presented by Egypt 's now ruling religious conservatives shifted to the international stage this week . At the United Nations , governments and NGOs from around the world have been negotiating a document on the elimination of violence against women , under the umbrella of the Commission on the Status of Women . The final text , hammered out after weeks of hard negotiation , reiterates the rights of women to lead their lives free of violence , coercion and discrimination . The mere discussion of such issues was , however , enough to send Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood into a frenzy . "  It eliminates Islamic morals , and seeks the destruction of family institution , " the Brotherhood warned in an apocalyptic official statement . "  Then society dissolution will occur , and last steps of cultural invasion will be complete . " In urging other Muslim-majority country governments to reject the document , the Brotherhood attacked it for undermining what they consider a man 's God-given right to control women  through various means , including marital rape , it seems , according to their communique  , further alleging that it promotes homosexuality , adultery , abortion and free love . Read more : Egyptian blogger -- why I posed naked This hysterical response to any attempt to promote gender , sexual and reproductive rights , at the United Nations and on the ground in the Arab world , is nothing new ; the Mubarak regime was just as intransigent on many of these points . And I 've come across it time and again in the past five years I 've spent traveling across the Arab region , talking to men and women about sex : what they do , what they do n't , what they think and why . Sexuality might seem a strange focus in these tumultuous political times . It is , in fact , a powerful lens with which to study a society because it offers a view , not just into intimate life , but also of the bigger picture : politics and economics , religion and tradition , gender and generations that shape sexual attitudes and behaviors . If you really want to know a people , start by looking inside their bedrooms . In today 's Arab world , the only socially-accepted context for sex is heterosexual , family-sanctioned , religiously-approved , state-registered marriage -- a social citadel . Anything else is "  forbidden " , or "  shameful " or "  impolite . " The fact that large segments of the population in most countries are having hard time fitting inside the fortress -- especially the legions of young people , who ca n't find jobs and therefore ca n't afford to marry -- is widely recognized , but there is also widespread resistance to any alternative . The upshot of this refusal to grapple with the changing realities of sexual and personal life in the Arab world can be seen in statistics : spiraling rates of HIV and other sexually-transmitted infections , a rising tide of sexual violence , on the street and in the home , and the thriving business of clandestine abortion . And I 've heard it in the stories of desperate housewives , dissatisfied husbands , conflicted youth , hard-pressed sex workers and many others whom I 've met along the way For all our constraints , the Arab world is neither hopeless , nor helpless , when it comes to sex . There are innovators from across the region who are trying to tackle the taboos , break the silence and deal with the fall out , be it getting sexuality education in schools or providing sexual and reproductive health services for young people , or tackling sexual violence , or trying to find space in society for those cross social norms , unwed mothers or men and women in same-sex relations among them . Nor are these projects simply carbon copies of efforts elsewhere in the world ; the reason they are taking root is because they are adapted to the region , and work along the grain of religion and culture . Read more : Tahrir 's bodyguards fight to ` cure Egypt 's disease ' Now Islamic conservatives argue otherwise . Too often , they say to tackle such matters is "  un-Islamic " and a sell-out to the West . But this is simply not the case . Arab and Islamic culture has a long history of talking about sex , in its all its problems and pleasures , for men and women -- and that includes Prophet Mohammed himself . There is precious little in "  Playboy , " "  Cosmopolitan , " "  The Joy of Sex , " or any other taboo-busting work of the sexual revo  lution and beyond that Arabic literature -- much of it written by Islamic scholars -- did n't touch on over a mil  lennium ago . On a wide variety of gender and sexual issues -- be it contraception or abortion or even the incendiary topic of homosexuality -- there are alternative interpretations in Islam . It 's not just Arab human rights activists at the UN who have been making this point in recent days ; Egypt 's teenage karate dissident argues much the same . Those who seek to control society through religion -- in any culture -- discourage such independent thinking and diversity of opinion . But with the new climate of freedom of expression emerging in Egypt , and elsewhere in the Arab region , millions now feel emboldened to challenge these dictates . Politics , religion and sex are the three "  red lines " of the Arab world : subjects you 're not supposed to tackle in word or deed . But just as people in countries across the region are busy contesting received wisdoms in politics , and are starting to challenge the role of religion in public policy , I hope they will start asking the same hard questions of sexual life . Read more : Do n't lose hope over Arab Spring The "  slippery slope " logic reflected in the Muslim Brotherhood 's statement remains all too common in across the region . It 's the fear that any move toward greater personal freedom -- especially sexual freedom -- will lead to a free-for-all and a violation of Islamic principles . But this reflects a fundamental lack of trust in the citizenry , which is a feature of dictatorship , not the hallmark of democracy . If Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood wants to walk the talk of freedom and justice , dignity and equality , that means giving people information and resources and trusting them to use it responsibly -- in and out of the bedroom . Achieving these goals in personal life is important to realizing them in public life , and vice versa : the political and sexual are natural bedfellows . Read more : Kate 's breasts , Pussy Riot , virginity tests and our attitude on women 's bodies The opinions expressed in this opinion piece are solely those of Shereen El Feki .	Egypt 's government protested against a U.N. document on violence against women Shereen El Feki says Cairo 's "  hysterical " reaction was nothing new Politics , religion and sex are the Arab world 's "  three red lines , " she says El Feki says sexuality is a powerful lens through which to study a society
CNN  -- There 's no sign hanging on the front door of the University of Iowa law school that reads "  Republicans Need Not Apply . " But Teresa Wagner got the message . Wagner , an Iowa law school alum who had worked for the Family Research Council and the National Right to Life Committee , worked part-time at the law school 's writing center . Twice , she applied for full-time positions . Twice , despite positive reviews and being the most qualified applicant , she was rejected . So she sued . In a federal case heard this week , Wagner claimed that the state school violated her First Amendment rights by rejecting her because she 's a Republican . Her claim reads : "  The First Amendment of the United States Constitution guarantees individuals the right to associate and express themselves on matters of public concern without fear of reprisal from their government . "  This guarantee prohibits the government , when acting as employer , from firing , refusing to promote and/or refusing to hire citizens because of their political views or affiliations . " The prospect of ideological discrimination in higher education should n't come as a surprise . A 2005 study showed that 72 % of college professors identified as liberals . Only 15 % described themselves as conservative . Former Harvard President Larry Summers , who served as director of President Obama 's National Economic Council , has compared the paucity of conservative professors to the early days of racial integration in baseball . Sure , there are conservative professors , just like there were black baseball players in the 1950s . "  But it appeared  then  that there were not any African-American .250 hitters , " Summers has said . "  The only  black  players who played were stars . " There is a similar lack of conservative professors who are n't "  stars . " This distortion has left Summers wondering whether there is a bias against conservatives in higher education . Certainly , some of the stats are due to self-selection , with more liberals choosing to go into academia . But that was n't the case with Wagner . And if she was rejected because of her political views , taxpayers in America are funding not only an ideological lemming herd but a mob that casts out anyone who questions the groupthink . Still , is it unconstitutional ? The Supreme Court has stated clearly that the First Amendment prohibits a state from basing hiring decisions on political beliefs or associations . This rule , though , is not absolute . Imagine if Obama were to be prohibited from rejecting Grover Norquist for a post in his administration for ideological reasons . So the court has recognized limited exceptions for political appointees . However , the court has not extended a discrimination exception to academia . In fact , the court has said that academic freedom is of special concern to the First Amendment . And the test set by numerous appellate courts for ferreting out political discrimination is whether someone 's political affiliation was a substantial or motivating factor behind the adverse employment action . How would someone like Wagner meet that test and prove that she was discriminated against because of her ideas on abortion or gay marriage ? The university claims that she lost the jobs because she performed poorly in her interview . Wagner 's evidence includes e-mails from the law school 's associate dean , warning her to hide a job offer from Ave Maria School of Law , which is perceived to be conservative . During the faculty meeting to vote on whether Wagner should be hired , it was mentioned that she holds conservative beliefs . And after her rejection , the same associate dean sent an e-mail to the dean , asking whether Wagner 's political beliefs had been considered in the vote . Wagner points out that of 50 faculty members at Iowa School of Law , only one is a registered Republican , and 46 are Democrats . One of those faculty members , Mark Osiel , testified this week that he had worked with Wagner , that she was a "  superlative writer " and that the university 's liberal leaning "  corrupts everything it touches . " Meanwhile , the two people hired at the school 's writing center instead of Wagner were less qualified and less experienced and had received lower student evaluation scores . Osiel said the school 's policies are "  unconstitutional and morally indefensible . " It 's no pretty solution to have courts interfering in the hiring decisions of universities . And as Summers has said , it would be "  a real horror " if , to avoid discrimination claims , Harvard 's astronomy department were forced to hire an astrologer . But that example , like the need for agreement among policymakers , speaks to the merits of the candidate . What do Wagner 's views on abortion have to do with her ability to teach legal writing ? For that matter , does liberalism have exclusive claim to righteousness so that competing views can be discriminated against and discarded as unmeritorious ? If Wagner was discriminated against because of her political views , the law school 's rejection of her was most likely unconstitutional . More important , though , it was ignorant . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Cain .	Court heard case of woman who says she was rejected for job for being conservative Will Cain says evidence showed her qualifications were superior to those of others She says 46 of the 50 faculty members are Democrats ; one is Republican Cain says that rejecting her for ideological reasons is unconstitutional and ignorant
CNN  -- South Korea 's In-Kyung Kim had the Kraft Nabisco golf tournament at Mission Hills in California all but won on the final hole Sunday -- all she needed to do was tap in for par from about a foot out and she was virtually guaranteed the win . But her putt rimmed out for a bogey forcing a sudden death playoff that she lost on the first hole . Her compatriot Yoo Sun-young rolled in a 15-feet birdie to take the first women 's major of the year . "  I 'm speechless right now . I played pretty solid today , " the 25-year-old Yoo said in a television interview by the green . Her win was in stark contrast to Kim 's heartbreaking loss . After sinking the putt , she covered her ears with her hands and looked skyward in despair before going back to the 18th tee for the play-off . Both players were tied at nine-under-par 279 after 72 holes . Yoo easily took the play-off after Kim drove her ball deep into the left rough . "  I did n't think about winning today because I did n't want to expect too much , and I did n't want to let myself down , " Yoo told reporters after becoming the second South Korean to win the event , following Grace Park in 2004 . Yoo climbed five places to 16th in the world rankings after claiming her second victory on the LPGA Tour , having also triumphed at the 2010 Sybase Match Play Championship . Kim has won three times on the LPGA Tour , but is still waiting for her first major title . "  Sometimes things happen , and it 's kind of tough because it 's the Nabisco , and hopefully I 'll have better or more chances , " the 23-year-old said . World No. 1 Yani Tseng had begun the day tied for the lead with Sweden 's Karin Sjodin , but narrowly missed going to the the playoff when she missed a long birdie putt at the 18th hole to finish one shot behind the leaders . "  I was totally shocked that I could n't make that , " said the 23-year-old from Taiwan , who was seeking to become the youngest player to win six major titles . "  But I tried my best again . I finished strong . It was a day I really do n't want , but I gave my 100 % effort out there . " Tseng also led going into the final round of last year 's tournament , but finished three shots behind Stacy Lewis . "  Last year when I finished I was crying so hard , but this year I was happy , smiling , enjoy the crowd , enjoy walking on the 18 holes , and I think it 's because I do my best every shot , " she said . "  And I said maybe God just wanted another player to win and give me something to learn more and improve myself . " On Saturday , Sjodin fired a four-under 68 to join Tseng on nine-under at the top of the leaderboard . However , she eventually tied for fourth at 281 with Lewis  66  and Koreans Amy Yang  69  and Seo Hee-kyung  71  . She was unable to hold her three-shot lead gained early in the final round after an eagle at the second hole , while Seo took a three-shot edge in the back nine before sliding back .	In-Kyung Kim misses tournament-winning birdie at women 's opening major South Korean 's one-foot putt rims out for a bogey to force a playoff Yoo Sun-young easily wins Sunday 's playoff to claim her first major title World No. 1 Yani Tseng , of Taiwan , finishes one shot behind leaders
CNN  -- The Missouri Supreme Court Tuesday overturned a lower court ruling that terminated the parental rights of a Guatemalan woman whose son , the woman says , was adopted without her consent while she was imprisoned following an immigration sting in 2007 . The court ruled that the state violated its own laws in terminating the parental rights of Encarnacion Bail Romero , but the supreme court sent the case back to the lower court for retrial rather than return the boy to his biological mother . "  The trial court plainly erred by entering judgment on the adoption petition and terminating Mother 's parental rights without complying with the investigation and reporting requirements ... , " Judge Patricia Breckenridge wrote in the court 's principal opinion . "  The trial court 's judgment terminating Mother 's parental rights , allowing the adoption to proceed without Mother 's consent to the adoption , and granting of the adoption , although supported by clear , cogent , and convincing evidence on the record , is reversed . The cause is remanded for a new trial in which Adoptive Parents and Mother will have the opportunity to present evidence on all claims in all counts of the petition that pertain to Mother . " Bail Romero was caught up in an immigration sting in May 2007 , six months after her son was born . She was not deported , however ; instead , she was imprisoned as an illegal immigrant who used a stolen Social Security number to work at a poultry processing plant . Her brother and sister took care of the boy at first , attorneys in the case said . Eventually they sought help from a clergy couple who offered baby-sitting services . When that couple asked to adopt the boy , Bail Romero said no , her attorney , Omar Riojas , said . Rebuffed , the couple introduced the boy to Seth and Melinda Moser and eventually put him up for adoption -- something the boy 's biological mother said they lacked the legal ability to do . The Mosers soon asked a judge for temporary custody , said their lawyer , Richard Schnake . Bail Romero -- in prison at the time -- did not contact the Mosers or their attorney or object to them having custody , he said . After a judge granted the Mosers temporary custody , they waited a year -- rather than the six month minimum stipulated by Missouri law -- before asking to adopt the boy , Schnake says . Bail Romero said she did not fully understand what was going on and certainly did not give her blessing for them to adopt her son . In October 2008 , a judge approved the adoption , ruling that Bail Romero had abandoned her child by not trying to contact the Mosers for a year . Bail Romero said she does n't speak English and was left with no way to ask for help to plead her side . In addition to the clergy couple not having the authority to put up her son for adoption , Riojas has argued that Bail Romero was deprived of due process because she had no consular access or access to legal documents in her language . He also says an attorney who represented her at one point did not represent her well . In July 2010 , a court ruled that the adoption was invalid , a ruling appealed by the Mosers , who argue that they are the only parents the boy has really known . All seven of the court 's judges agreed to reverse the termination of Bail Romero 's parental rights , although some members thought the now 4-year-old boy -- called Carlitos by his mother and Jamison by the Mosers -- should have been returned to Bail Romero . Breckenridge addressed those concerns in a footnote to her opinion . "  Every member of this Court agrees that this case is a travesty in its egregious procedural errors , its long duration , and its impact on Mother , Adoptive Parents , and , most importantly , Child , " she wrote . "  The dissenting members of this Court rely significantly on information outside the record to find that Mother has been victimized repeatedly and that her rights have been violated . The dissenting members believe passionately that custody of Child should be returned to Mother without further proceedings . That result can be reached only by disregarding the law . " The federal government intends to deport Bail Romero to Guatemala , where her other two children live , but has delayed the proceedings until this case is complete . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report	Encarnacion Bail Romero was in prison when her son was put up for adoption Missouri 's supreme court sends the case back for a retrial The state failed to comply "  with the investigation and reporting requirements , " the court says
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will leave politics when his second term comes to an end , and does not envision a Vladimir Putin-style return to office after sitting out for a term , a German newspaper reported Sunday . "  Eight years are enough , " the controversial Iranian leader told Germany 's Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung . He 's barred by law from seeking a third consecutive term in 2013 . Russian President Putin was forced out of office by a similar law , spent one term as prime minister , then returned to office this year . But Putin dominates his country 's politics in a way that Ahmadinejad does not , observers say . Ahmadinejad has been in a power struggle with Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , and he 's losing , according to experts . "  I think Ahmadinejad underestimated the power of Khamenei , and he overestimated his own power , " Haleh Esfandiari , director of Middle Eastern studies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center , said last month . "  You can step on anybody 's toes , but not on his toe , " said Esfandiari , who was jailed for more than three months in 2007 during a visit to Iran . She said Ahmadinejad may be left a "  lame duck " after butting heads with Khamenei . Romney calls Obama weak on Iran Forces throughout the government have moved to check Ahmadinejad 's efforts to replace top officials and have gone after the president 's closest advisers , analyst Alireza Nader said . "  I think it 's a symptom of the general dissatisfaction with President Ahmadinejad that his powers and movement are being curtailed by the various power centers in Iran , " said Nader , an expert on Iranian politics at the RAND Corp. , an American think tank .	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is barred from running for a third term in a row "  Eight years is enough , " he tells a German newspaper He is on the losing end of a power struggle , outside observers say
The surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings suffered an injury to his throat and may not be able to talk , a federal official told CNN on Saturday , possibly hindering attempts by authorities to question him about a motive in the attack . With one suspect dead , authorities believe answers to a motive and whether the brothers had help rest with Dzhokar Tsarnaev , who was captured Friday night just minutes after authorities had indicated that a massive manhunt for the suspect appeared to come up empty . The official , who was briefed on Tsarnaev 's condition , spoke on condition of anonymity . Tsarnaev was in "  serious but stable condition " and "  not yet able to communicate yet , " Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters during an impromptu briefing on Saturday . Federal prosecutors are at the heavily guarded Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , where Tsarnaev is being treated for wounds . Authorities have not publicly detailed the injuries sustained by the teen , but an official who has been briefed said Tsarnaev has been "  intubated and sedated . " The official also spoke on condition of anonymity . "  I , and I think all of the law enforcement professionals , are hoping for a host of reasons that the suspect survives , because we have a million questions , and those questions need to be answered . There are parts of the investigation , in terms of information and evidence , that still needs to be run to ground , " Patrick said . Authorities have not said whether they have questioned Tsarnaev , nor have they publicly said what charges will be filed against the teen . But a Justice Department official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN the teen will face federal terrorism charges and possibly state murder charges . The government has invoked the public safety exception , a designation that allows investigators to question the teen without reading him his Miranda rights and without a lawyer present , another Justice Department official , also speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . Tsarnaev , 19 , and his older brother , 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev , are accused of setting off two bombs near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday , killing three people and leaving more than 170 wounded . The arrest of Tsarnaev brought to an end a manhunt that paralyzed Cambridge , Watertown and Boston as authorities searched door to door for a suspect not only believed to be behind the bombings , but who they feared also could unleash more explosives . Acting alone ? So far , evidence suggests that the two brothers acted alone in the bombings and subsequent shootout , Watertown Police Chief Edward Deveau said . "  From what I know right now , these two acted together and alone , " Deveau told CNN on Saturday . "  I think we have to be ever vigilant , and we 're learning as we go along , but as far as this little cell -- this little group -- I think we got our guys . " Even so , questions remain . "  Why did these young men who grew up and studied here as part of our communities and our country resort to such violence ? How did they plan and carry out these attacks ? And did they receive any help ? The families of those killed so senselessly deserve answers , " President Barack Obama said Friday in a televised address . 24 hours of chaos Shortly after the FBI released photos of the suspects Thursday night , Tsarnaev and his older brother led authorities on a wild car chase and shootout . Officials say the brothers , for no obvious reason , killed Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier while he was sitting in his car . The Tsarnaevs then hijacked a Mercedes , telling the driver they were the marathon bombers , and hurled explosives at the pursuing officers , authorities said . "  There was an exchange of over 200 rounds of gunfire , there were improvised explosive devices , and handmade hand grenades thrown at the officers at the scene , " Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said . Tamerlan Tsarnaev ran out of ammunition during the shootout and was tackled by officers . That 's when the younger Tsarnaev drove the Mercedes toward the officers and his brother . "  They dive out of the way , and he  the younger brother  drives over his brother and drags him a short distance down the street , " Deveau said . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was later pronounced dead at the hospital . He was wearing explosives and a triggering device when he died , a source briefed on the investigation told CNN . The FBI , while executing a search warrant at a residence believed to have been affiliated with Tsarnaev , took three people into custody for questioning Friday . It was unclear Saturday what information the FBI was seeking and whether the three were released . ` Pool of blood ' The dramatic end to the manhunt came when a Watertown man , cooped up in his house all day because of a "  shelter in place " order , finally stepped outside when the order was lifted . David Henneberry soon noticed the tarp covering the boat in his backyard was flapping in the wind and a retention strap was cut . He also noticed a small amount of blood on the tarp . "  He basically stuck his head under the tarp , noticed a pool of blood , " Henneberry 's stepson Robert Duffy told CNN . Henneberry called 911 , Duffy said . Authorities arrived and evacuated Duffy 's stepfather . Using a bullhorn , they called out to the suspect : "  Come out with your hands up . " The man refused . "  We used a robot to pull the tarp off the boat , " David Procopio of the Massachusetts State Police said . "  We were also watching him with a thermal imaging camera in our helicopter . He was weakened by blood loss -- injured last night , most likely . " A gunfight ensued , with more than 20 rounds fired . Authorities eventually rushed the boat and took the teen into custody . Cheers and mourning As word of the arrest spread , hundreds of residents swarmed the streets of Watertown and Boston , surrounding police cars and cheering them on . But the celebrations were tempered by the deaths of four people this week , all allegedly by the hands of the Tsarnaev brothers . Three spectators were killed in the marathon bombings , and Collier , the MIT police officer , was fatally shot early Friday . At least 57 people remained hospitalized Saturday afternoon , including three in critical condition , according to a CNN count . On Saturday night as Collier 's body was driven from the morgue to a funeral home , Boston-area police officers and firefighters lined the route to pay respect to their slain colleague . Mistaken identity adds to family 's grief over Boston victim The family of 8-year-old Martin Richard , who was killed in the bombings , issued a statement thanking the authorities and members of the public who helped track down the two suspects . "  None of this will bring our beloved Martin back , or reverse the injuries these men inflicted on our family and nearly two hundred others , " the Richard family said . "  We continue to pray for healing and for comfort on the long road that lies ahead for every victim and their loved ones . " Chinese student killed in bombings had followed her passion to Boston ` Boston Stands as One ' Boston sports teams Saturday honored victims of the attacks . The Boston Red Sox planned a special pre-game ceremony at their Saturday game against the Kansas City Royals , which was played amid heightened security at Fenway Park . Their Friday night game against the Royals was postponed because of the city lockdown and will be played Sunday , the team said . The Boston Bruins hockey game against the Pittsburgh Penguins , originally scheduled for Friday night , was rescheduled for Saturday afternoon . The Bruins and Penguins , along with the Red Sox , all plan to auction their Saturday jerseys to support the bombing victims . Limited-edition T-shirts reading "  Boston Stands as One " are being sold by the Boston Celtics to support the victims . Players planned to wear some of the shirts while warming up for Saturday 's game , the team said . ` Seek forgiveness ' What 's next for the Boston Marathon bombing suspect ? The Tsarnaevs ' uncle Ruslan Tsarni said their alleged actions were abhorrent . "  You put a shame on our entire family -- the Tsarnaev family -- and you put a shame on the entire Chechen ethnicity , " Tsarni said . Tsarni promised Saturday to help his nephew seek forgiveness from the bombing victims and advised him to tell police everything he knows . The brothers come from a family originally from the Russian republic of Chechnya and fled the brutal wars there in the 1990s . It 's unknown how their Chechen roots may have influenced their alleged actions . Tsarni said he believes Tamerlan Tsarnaev influenced his younger brother . FBI agents interviewed the elder Tsarnaev in 2011 at the request of a foreign government that suspected he had ties to extremist groups , the FBI said . It declined to name the government , but a senior U.S. official told CNN on Saturday that it was Russia that made the request of the United States . The request was based on information that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was a follower of radical Islam , the FBI said , adding it found no evidence of terrorism activity . "  I think unless we see some horrible dropping of the ball , I do n't think this is an intelligence failure , " said former CIA operative Robert Baer . "  In retrospect , it might look like one , but I do n't think it is . " The suspects ' father , who lives in the Russian republic of Dagestan , told CNN on Saturday that he believes his sons were "  never , ever " involved in the Boston attacks . He also said he plans to go to the United States , though he did n't say when .	Dzhokar Tsarnaev is "  intubated and sedated , " an official says The suspect is in "  not yet able to communicate , " the governor says The younger brother suffered an injury to the throat , an official says 57 people remain hospitalized , including three in critical condition
CNN  -- Former Williams rookie Nico Hulkenberg believes that the Force India team could be his best chance of driving in the 2011 Formula One championship . The German lost his race seat after being unable to earn a new contract , despite an impressive end to his debut season . Williams instead opted to sign 25-year-old Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado to drive alongside Brazilian veteran Rubens Barrichello ahead of the new season starting in March . "  Force India is our best shot , but it is also no secret that quite a few drivers are trying to land a seat there . We are talking to them and let 's wait and see what develops , " the 23-year-old told the official F1 website . Maldonado earns F1 drive at Williams Force India , Toro Rosso , Virgin , Hispania Racing and Renault have yet to confirm their line-ups for 2011 . Hulkenberg finished the season a point above Force India 's 15th-placed Vitantonio Liuzzi in the overall standings , but 25 below the British-based team 's 11th-placed Adrian Sutil . "  The hope is still there and I am not giving up , " he said . "  We are working very hard to get a deal done , but there are not many good race seats left . " Hulkenberg snatched pole position for Williams at the penultimate grand prix of 2010 in Brazil in November , but the driver said he knew this would not be enough for him to stay with the British team . "  One lap does not change the course of history . There had been signs before that there was something brewing , because the team repeatedly delayed contract talks . So I was forewarned that something was going on . " Rookie Hulkenberg leaves Williams And Hulkenberg believes that drivers will no longer be able to count on just their ability in securing team spots , with sponsorship being an equally important factor in the economic climate . "  The team has not done too well over the last couple of years -- if you can not produce that performance you eventually have to look for other ways to close the budget gap , " he said . "  It has become much harder to open doors if your application does not come with a serious sponsor package and you really only rely on your talent This is quite frustrating and somewhat sad . " Nevertheless , Hulkenberg remains upbeat about the sport he joined just over a year ago -- and confident about the future , however uncertain it might be . "  I would have liked to stay with them , " he said of his former employers . "  Being teamed up with Rubens Barrichello -- he is a great guy and still a great driver . I really enjoyed working with him . "  I do n't want to think about a Plan B. My focus is 100 % on finding a good race seat for 2011 . That is where all my efforts are going right now . "	Nico Hulkenberg is without a team for the 2011 Formula One championship Rookie driver was dropped by Williams F1 at the end of the 2010 season The German says his best chance of a seat next year lies with Force India The 23-year-old claimed pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix in his debut year
By any measure , the Mitt Romney for president campaign has had a painfully bad week . What went wrong ? The bad news began Wednesday . That day , Romney addressed the NAACP convention in Houston . The speech was poorly received , so much so that Romney , in an interview that afternoon on Fox Business , told host Neil Cavuto that he had "  expected " boos . Some interpreted that comment as proof that Romney had actually wanted to be booed by the NAACP in order to rev up elements of the conservative base . The Romney campaign next reacted by whispering to the Drudge Report  which acts as a kind of message board for Romney  that it was seriously considering Condoleezza Rice as a running mate . That story excited the press for half a day , until reporters remembered two hard realities : Party conservatives wo n't accept a pro-choice running mate , and Rice has made repeated public statements of lack of interest in the VP job . The NAACP story probably moved few votes . But it 's interesting in its own right -- and as a warning of the bigger trouble that hit the campaign on Thursday . The NAACP incident shows a hyperactive campaign war room , overcorrecting one way  "  the boos are no big deal ; everything 's going according to plan ! "  and then overcorrecting the other way  "  we were n't trying to generate TV images of racial confrontation ; why , look , here 's Condi Rice ! "  , spinning and counterspinning without any forethought for how this hour 's aggressive statement would sound when the next hour 's realities arrived . And it was that "  win the hour " mentality that got the Romney campaign into much more serious trouble when the Obama campaign launched a big push on Romney 's business record the next day . Gergen : Obama 's charges vs. Romney do n't hold up Thursday morning , the Obama campaign released a tough ad attacking the record of downsizing and outsourcing at Romney 's old firm , Bain Capital . The Romney campaign reacted with outrage . That same day , it announced a multimillion-dollar purchase of airtime for an ad that bluntly accused President Obama of lying . In support of the ad , Romney 's team argued that he had left Bain Capital in February 1999 ; the incidents alluded to by the Obama campaign all occurred after that date and had nothing to do with Romney . Wham . The first attack on Romney had been a jab , dropping Romney 's guard against the haymaker : On Friday , the Obama team counter-charged that it was Romney who was lying in his ads or who had committed a felony , lying on 140 official forms that he signed as CEO and sole shareholder of Bain between 1999 and 2002 . Romney now chased the Obama story , granting five TV interviews to reiterate his version of events . The more he talked , the more deeply into trouble he sank . By Sunday , even Romney supporters were urging the thing he wants least : release of more income tax returns . And here again , what got Romney into the trouble was his war room . It was the too-fierce response to Attack 1 -- the adamant insistence that Romney had nothing , nothing to do with anything that happened at Bain after February 1999 -- that set up Romney for Attack 2 : Did he lie on SEC forms ? And now he will struggle through the rest of the election trying to reconcile his answers . Yes , it is technically true that Romney ended his operational role at Bain before he ended his titular role . It was also technically true  as Josh Marshall points out  that John Kerry did vote for the $ 87 billion before he voted against it . Romney 's core problem is this : He heads a party that must win two-thirds of the white working-class vote in presidential elections to compensate for its weakness in almost every demographic category . The white working class is the most pessimistic and alienated group in the electorate , and it especially fears and dislikes the kind of financial methods that gained Romney his fortune . Romney has a strong potential defense : Bain was in the business of making companies more efficient and profitable . Downsizing and outsourcing were necessary -- and often indispensable -- means to that end . In a growing economy , the workers who lost their jobs should find new jobs elsewhere , and it 's precisely the relentless search for profitability that causes economies to grow in the first place . That 's an argument that , to borrow an old joke of Henry Kissinger 's , is not only convincing but has the additional merit of being true . However , it 's not an argument that appeals much to the voters Romney most intensely needs to win . Hence his unleashing of the war room -- but in the end , there 's only so much a war room can do . And this time , by trying to do too much , the Romney war room may have blasted its own side with lethal friendly fire . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	David Frum : Mitt Romney 's difficult week pointed to a key aspect of his campaign He says Romney desperately needs support of white working-class vote That demographic group is most likely to be put off by outsourcing , Frum says Frum : Romney 's effort to dissociate himself from Bain put him in an odd position
CNN  -- Nightclub DJ Samantha Ronson faces a drunken driving charge after a California Highway Patrol officer stopped her for speeding as she was returning to Los Angeles from a weekend in Las Vegas , a law enforcement official said . Ronson , 33 , was once in a romantic relationship with actress Lindsay Lohan and she is the sister of Mark Ronson , the producer of Amy Winehouse 's Grammy-winning songs . Contrary to published reports , Ronson was not in Las Vegas to work as a DJ at the Lavo nightclub in the Palazzo Hotel , a club spokeswoman said . "  Samantha Ronson was not the hired DJ for Sunday night , simply a patron who , as DJs often do , hopped into the booth for a few songs with Lavo 's DJ , " spokeswoman Maggie Feldman said . She was stopped on Interstate 15 near Baker , California , Monday morning , police said . Ronson was charged with suspicion of driving under the influence . A mugshot released by the San Bernadino County Sheriff showed Ronson smirking at the jail camera . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Ronson was partying , not working , a club spokeswoman says Ronson was romantically involved with Lindsay Lohan Her brother is Mark Ronson , music producer for Amy Winehouse She was charged with DUI after a traffic stop near Baker , California
A dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers erupted in clashes that left 10 people dead , 20 injured and four mosques burned to the ground in central Myanmar , local officials said Thursday . The clashes began Wednesday morning in Meiktila Township after a quarrel between the shop owner and the sellers , police said . The sellers were beaten up by four other Muslim shop owners , police said . In retaliation , Muslims and Buddhists took to the street , torching houses and schools , said Police Lt. Col. Aung Min . To defuse tensions , police imposed a curfew Wednesday night . Tension , police presence The death toll from the violence has risen to 10 , said Win Htein , a member of parliament for the area . He described the situation as still tense despite the increased police presence . Win Htein , a member of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi 's National League of Democracy , linked the unrest to feelings stirred up by clashes between Buddhists and Muslims in western Myanmar last year . When police took two Muslim shop owners to court Thursday , a group of several hundred Buddhists tried to attack them and threw rocks , he said . Myanmar is emerging from decades of military repression to democracy , but has been plagued by bouts of ethnic violence . In the western state of Rakhine , tensions between the majority Buddhist community and the Rohingya -- a stateless ethnic Muslim group -- boiled over into clashes that killed scores of people and left tens of thousands of others living in makeshift camps last year . Most of the victims were Rohingya . ` Grave concern ' "  The ongoing intercommunal strife in Rakhine State is of grave concern , " the International Crisis Group said in a November report . "  And there is the potential for similar violence elsewhere , as nationalism and ethno-nationalism rise and old prejudices resurface . " A failure by authorities to address deepening divisions between the communities could result in a resumption of violence in the future , the report said , "  which would be to the detriment of both communities , and of the country as a whole . " The U.S. ambassador to Myanmar , Derek Mitchell , said he was "  deeply concerned " about the reports of violence in Meiktila this week . U.S. diplomats are monitoring events closely , he said in a post on the embassy 's Facebook page . Win Htein , the local lawmaker , said that about 30 % of the township 's 100,000 residents are Muslim .	The death toll from the violence rises to 10 , a local lawmaker says Clashes started with a dispute between a Muslim shop owner and Buddhist sellers Muslims and Buddhists took to the streets , torching each others ' houses and schools Last year , ethnic clashes left scores of people dead and 110,000 displaced
CNN  When Malcolm X was assassinated on February 21 , 1965 , many Americans viewed his killing as simply the result of an ongoing feud between him and the Nation of Islam . He had publicly left the Nation of Islam in March 1964 , and as the months wore on the animus between Malcolm 's camp and the Nation of Islam grew increasingly caustic , with bitter denunciations coming from both sides . A week before he was killed , Malcolm 's home -- owned by the Nation of Islam , which was seeking to evict him -- was firebombed , and Malcolm believed members of the Nation of Islam to be responsible . For investigators and commentators alike , then , his death was an open and shut case : Muslims did it . Yet although three members of the Nation of Islam were tried and found guilty for the killing , two of them maintained their innocence and decades of research has since cast doubt on the outcome of the case . Tens of thousands of declassified pages documenting government surveillance , infiltration and disruption of black leaders and organizations -- including Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam -- suggest the conclusions drawn by law enforcement were self-serving . Furthermore , irregularities in how investigators and prosecutors handled the case reflect at best gross negligence , and at worst something more sinister . At the time of his death , Time magazine remembered Malcolm X unsympathetically as "  a pimp , a cocaine addict and a thief " and "  an unashamed demagogue . " But for those who had been paying closer attention to him , Malcolm X was an uncompromising advocate for the urban poor and working-class black America . Instead of advocating integration , he called for self-determination ; instead of nonviolence in the face of violent anti-black attacks , he called for self-defense . He reserved moral appeals for other people committed to social justice ; the government , on the other hand , he understood in terms of organized power -- to be challenged , disrupted and/or dismantled -- and sought to leverage alliances with newly independent African states to challenge that power . It was his challenge to the organized power of the state that appealed to growing numbers of African-Americans , and it was this challenge that also attracted a close following among federal , state and local law enforcement . Under Federal Bureau of Investigation Director J. Edgar Hoover 's watch , the FBI kept close tabs on Malcolm 's every move through the use of informants and agents . Even before Malcolm began attracting large audiences and widespread media coverage in the late 1950s and early '60s , the FBI reported on his efforts to organize Nation of Islam mosques around the country . One organizing meeting in a private home in Boston in 1954 had maybe a dozen or so people present ; one of them reported to the FBI . After Malcolm left the Nation of Islam in March 1964 , agents pondered the prospect of a depoliticized more religious Malcolm , but still perceived him as a threat . On June 5 , 1964 , Hoover sent a telegram to the FBI 's New York office that simply and plainly instructed , "  Do something about Malcolm X enough of this black violence in NY . " One wonders , what that "  something " was . In New York , the FBI 's actions were complemented by , if not coordinated with , the New York Police Department 's Bureau of Special Services , which regularly logged license plates of cars parked outside mosques , organizational meetings , business and homes . The actions of the police on the day of Malcolm 's assassination are particularly noteworthy . Normally up to two dozen police were assigned at Malcolm X 's rallies , but on February 21 , just a week after his home had been firebombed , not one officer was stationed at the entrance to the Audubon ballroom where the meeting took place . And while two uniformed officers were inside the building , they remained in a smaller room , at a distance from the main event area . The lack of a police presence was unusual and was compounded by internal compromises on the part of Malcolm 's own security staff , which included at least one Bureau of Special Services agent who had infiltrated his organization . Reportedly at Malcolm 's request , his security had abandoned the search procedure that had been customary at both Nation of Islam and Muslim Mosque/Organization of Afro-American Unity meetings . Without the search procedure , his armed assassins were able to enter the ballroom undetected . When the assassins stood up to shoot Malcolm , his security guards stationed at the front of the stage moved not to secure him , but to clear out of the way . These anomalies , in and of themselves , could have been inconsequential . But combined , even if just by coincidence , they proved to be deadly , and allowed for one of the most prophetic revolutionary voices of the 20th century to be silenced . The investigation that followed was just as careless . The crime scene was not secured for extensive forensic analysis -- instead , it was cleaned up to allow for a scheduled dance to take place that afternoon , with bullet holes still in the wall ! For activists , of course , Malcolm X 's death took on greater significance than law enforcement publicly expressed . Congress of Racial Equality Chairman James Farmer was among the first to suggest that Malcolm 's murder was more than just an act of sectarian violence between two rival black organizations . "  I believe this was a political killing , " he asserted , in response to Malcolm 's growing national profile within the civil rights movement . He called for a federal inquiry -- unbeknownst to Farmer , an ironic request given the level of covert federal oversight that was already in place . Slowly , Farmer 's doubts gained considerable traction . Author and journalist Louis Lomax , who had covered Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam on several occasions , put Malcolm X 's assassination in context with Martin Luther King Jr. 's in "  To Kill a Black Man "  1968  . More than four decades ago , activist George Breitman was among the first to challenge the police version of who was responsible for Malcolm X 's death . More recently , the work done at Columbia University 's Malcolm X Project , culminating in Manning Marable 's Pulitzer Prize-winning "  Malcolm X : A Life of Reinvention , " echoed these doubts and put at the forefront these unanswered questions about Malcolm X 's murder . These questions deserve answers . They call upon us to revisit not just the political significance of Malcolm X 's life , but the implications of his murder . Our government especially deserves scrutiny for its covert information gathering , disinformation campaigns , and even violence waged against its own citizens . Fifty years later , we still have more to learn from Malcolm X 's life , and his death , and our government 's actions toward him .	Malcolm X was assassinated on February 21 , 1965 Zaheer Ali : Fifty years later , we still have more to learn from Malcolm X 's life
CNN  -- Twenty years ago this month , Ukraine , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States signed an agreement that represented a major step in global anti-proliferation efforts . Under the deal , known as the Budapest Memorandum , Ukraine voluntarily surrendered the third largest nuclear arsenal in the world , which it had inherited after the collapse of the Soviet Union . But fast forward two decades , and an agreement once heralded as a breakthrough is gradually being undermined by one of the very countries that signed it . As part of the agreement , Ukraine willingly gave up more than 1,000 strategic and 2,500 tactical nuclear weapons , and agreed to the destruction of 176 silos used to launch intercontinental ballistic missiles . In return , Ukraine was offered security assurances by Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States in a document that highlighted the inviolability of Ukraine 's existing borders and its sovereignty , called for the abstention from forceful actions that could threaten Ukraine 's territorial integrity and prohibited economic pressure being placed on Ukraine . Unfortunately , Russia has disregarded each of these provisions . Russian aggression against Ukraine , first in Crimea and soon after in eastern regions of Ukraine , has created an unprecedented challenge to international peace . Indeed , rather than simply being a domestic or even regional crisis , what has been unfolding this year constitutes a violation of international law , undermining the existing checks and balances of the international system . For many years , the Budapest Memorandum served as a practical model for the implementation of the international nonproliferation regime . But recent violations of the agreement now risk undermining a system that safeguards states against national security threats through diplomatic means . As a result , many states may start to view the possession of weapons of mass destruction as the only effective means of safeguarding against external risks , in the process provoking a new arms race and ultimately increasing the threat of nuclear disaster down the road . None of this is to suggest that Ukraine is not grateful for the effort behind the memorandum ; other nations offered decisive support for our country 's independence . More recently , there has undoubtedly been practical assistance in our efforts at countering Russian aggression , and the United States and United Kingdom have both remained reliable and virtuous partners on the international stage . And yet , despite this assistance , it has become increasingly clear that the power of the Budapest Memorandum to guarantee our national security has taken a hit . It is that realization that has prompted Ukraine in recent months to push for closer integration with NATO , a cause that is popular both with the Ukrainian people and which is also gaining political support . As President Petro Poroshenko noted last month , "  it is clear that the non-bloc status of Ukraine proclaimed in 2010 could n't guarantee our security and territorial integrity . ... This position has led to serious losses . That 's why we 've decided to return to the course of Euro-Atlantic integration . " There is , of course , much work to be done if we are to reach the alliance 's compatibility standards , which is why the government has formulated a six-year plan for meeting membership requirements . But in the end , it seems only fitting that the status of Ukraine 's relationship with NATO be left to the Ukrainian people , and any decision in this regard will only be taken after consulting them in a form of referendum . More broadly , recent events in Ukraine have underscored the need for a rethink of the existing global security architecture . And while Russian aggression is clearly the catalyst , any changes should not be seen as simply directed at a single country , but as part of generally much-needed changes . It is imperative in our fast-changing world that states are granted new means of defending their territory , and that the most effective mechanisms are in place for preserving international peace . It 's a conversation that Ukraine , now more than ever , is keen to take part in .	Ambassador : Russian aggression against Ukraine has been challenge to peace Olexander Motsyk : Russia has disregarded provisions of Budapest Memorandum Time for Ukraine to rethink relationship with NATO , he says
An ultra-marathoner trying to "  run " from Florida to Bermuda in a human-powered inflatable bubble was rescued Saturday morning after he signaled for help , the Coast Guard said . Reza Baluchi , according to his website , has set a goal of running across more than 190 recognized nations to encourage world peace . CNN ran a story about him in 2012 . The Coast Guard first encountered Baluchi on Wednesday after receiving a report about a man in a bubble off the coast of Miami , disoriented and asking for directions to Bermuda , a Coast Guard press release said . It was not clear when he started his quest . A Coast Guard cutter found Baluchi . Officials described the craft as a "  hydro pod bubble " and a man in a 2013 YouTube video called a Baluchi bubble "  a big hamster wheel . " It moved along the ground as Baluchi ran inside . In the press release , the Coast Guard said Baluchi had protein bars , bottled water , a GPS and a satellite phone . The Coast Guard conveyed the voyage 's dangers and asked Baluchi to quit his journey because he did n't have enough supplies . But he would n't leave his vessel , officials said . The Coast Guard monitored his progress and on Saturday morning an exhausted Baluchi activated his personal locating beacon , the Coast Guard said . A Coast Guard HC-130 airplane and MH-60 helicopter , along with the vessel Maersk Montana , were sent to rescue Baluchi 70 nautical miles east of St. Augustine , the Coast Guard said . He was exhausted and taken to the Coast Guard air station in Clearwater , where his medical condition was evaluated . There were no reported injuries , the Coast Guard said . "  Part of his effort was to make world peace but he got caught up in the Gulf Stream , " said Coast Guard public affairs specialist Mark Barney . "  The chances of muscling out of the Gulf Stream were pretty low . " Baluchi could not be reached for comment , but a video posted on Baluchi 's Facebook page described his plans to travel in the bubble across the Caribbean , as well as his other athletic exploits . The CNN.com story quoted Baluchi saying he 'd run across the United States twice and around its perimeter once . He fled Iran to escape persecution , he said . Now he is an American citizen . "  Reza does n't listen to anyone , " Davis Hyslop , a businessman and one of Baluchi 's supporters , said in the 2012 story . "  He has these outsized ambitions that he sets his mind to . He 's a success above and beyond anyone 's expectations . It 's almost biblical . But you got ta be a little crazy to undertake such an endeavor , right ? "	Coast Guard : Man was traveling from Florida to Bermuda in a large bubble Reza Baluchi is an ultra-marathoner who says he 's run across the U.S. twice Coast Guard urged him to abandon quest because he did n't have enough supplies
Three Republicans with lofty aspirations nearly had their political careers derailed over risky positions on immigration . But the crisis on the southern border involving an influx of nearly 60,000 migrant children this year from Central America may help Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and Rick Perry repair a broken trust on immigration with conservatives . All three are positioning themselves in a way that could help them make peace . Perry , as governor of Texas , is out in front publicly since his state is directly affected , while Rubio , a Florida senator , and Bush , a former Florida governor , have been relatively quiet . And Republican strategist Ana Navarro said that 's OK . "  I do n't think you have to play a leading role on every issue , " she said . Rubio took a risk Both Rubio and Bush have been leaders on immigration in the past . Rubio took a risk last year by taking a leadership role in crafting a comprehensive reform bill that passed the Senate but crashed and burned in the House . Conservatives attacked him for supporting "  amnesty , " their opinion of providing a path to legal status for the 11 million undocumented immigrants currently in the United States . Rubio then distanced himself from the Senate package that he helped broker in favor of a piecemeal approach backed by some House Republicans that also has gone nowhere . Bush : a compassionate tone Bush offered a compassionate tone to the immigration debate before the border crisis made headlines . In April , he said many immigrants come to the United States illegally as "  an act of love " and "  an act of commitment to your family . " He admitted that he might be stepping on a land mine before he made the statement . "  But the way I look at this , and I 'm going to say this , and it 'll be on tape and so be it . " Now avoiding risk Bush , whose immigration stance is at odds with many in his party , has avoided risk by not addressing the southern border issue until now . In a statement to CNN , Bush placed the onus on President Barack Obama to address the situation but also said the minor immigrants , many of them who crossed the border unaccompanied , should be sent home . That 's in line with many Republicans , especially conservatives , as well as the stated position of the White House . How that is accomplished most effectively , however , is a sticking point at the moment . "  It is clear we have a humanitarian crisis on our border . Governor Bush believes President Obama must step up and show leadership . These children must be returned to their home countries , " his spokeswoman , Kristy Campbell , said . Bush then pushed for an immigration overhaul . "  Ultimately , we must overhaul this nation 's broken immigration system to prevent situations like this in the future , " Campbell said . Bush has been active in the political arena , however , recently endorsing and campaigning with Senate candidate Scott Brown , a Republican running in the first presidential primary state of New Hampshire . Immigrants or refugees ? A different with political consequences Quiet , but not skirting the issue As Congress is tasked with coming up with a solution to the border crisis . Rubio has mostly taken a back seat . That 's a different tactic than he took during immigration reform , where he was a leader in crafting the Senate bill . The Florida senator has put out 80 press releases since the beginning of June . But not one has addressed the border situation . But the son of Cuban immigrants has n't completely skirted the issue , either . In an interview with a Fox affiliate in Orlando this month , Rubio said the children must be treated with compassion , but like Bush and the White House believe "  they will have to return . " Rubio also said he 's opposed to Obama 's $ 3.7 billion emergency funding request to Congress that includes money to care for immigrant kids while they await legal proceedings to determine whether they can stay in the country . Rubio said money needs to be spent on "  permanent border security measures . " He also told conservative talk show host Ed Morrissey that the current immigration crisis should be "  a catalyst " for securing the border . Perry 's approach Perry 's 2012 presidential run nosedived in part after he said in a GOP debate that people who do n't support giving children of undocumented immigrants in-state college tuition do n't "  have a heart . " Perry has been far more aggressive than Rubio and Bush with his state Ground Zero in the migrant crisis . Republicans have followed his lead . He confronted the White House and made his points directly to Obama in a meeting this month . Perry also has checked the "  secure border " box . "  If you have a patient who is bleeding profusely , the first thing you have to do is stop the bleeding , and that 's the reason we have been so adamant about securing the border , " Perry said recently on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " Although he supported a secure border before , his laser-like focus on the issue during the current crisis , despite the numerous other factors that are involved , has endeared him to reform skeptics . The lay of the land While the three have adopted different strategies and their professional roles are different , they are positioning themselves in a way that may appease many Republican voters . While more Republicans than Democrats support border security as a solution , the conservative position has become even firmer since the border crisis began . According to a Gallup poll this week , 17 % of Americans think immigration is the most important issue facing the country right now . And Pew poll found that most Americans think the children involved should be deported . In addition , Pew found fewer Republicans supported a path to citizenship -- 64 % - in February compared to 54 % now . And among the more conservative part of the Republican base , only 41 % now support a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants , compared to 56 % five months ago . The witch 's brew : Desperation , hope and children on the border Not in my backyard : Communities protest surge of immigrant kids Unintended consequences : 2008 anti-trafficking law contributes to border crisis	The potential presidential candidates have been criticized by conservatives over immigration Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio , moderates on immigration , keeping a low profile in border crisis Texas Gov. Rick Perry , another relative moderate on the issue , has been more aggressive
CNN  -- Rangers scored three second-half goals to beat Celtic 4-2 in Glasgow 's Old Firm Derby Sunday and go four points clear in the Scottish Premier League . In-form Steven Naismith fired Rangers ahead with a thumping strike after 22nd minutes but Celtic were quick to level through Gary Hooper 's well-worked goal 12 minutes later . Celtic took the lead just before halftime as Rangers goalkeeper Allan McGregor allowed a weak shot from Moroccan Badr El Kaddouri to elude his grasp and trickle into the net . But Nikica Jelavic headed Rangers level seven minutes after the interval and they were ahead when Kyle Lafferty converted after 67 minutes . Mulgrew , who was fortunate to escape with just a yellow card for his first half challenge , then saw red in the 75th minute and Naismith took advantage against 10 men to score the fourth and his second in injury time . "  I did n't think there was an awful lot between the teams in the first-half . I 'm not sure we deserved to go in 2-1 down but that 's what we were faced with , " Rangers manager Ally McCoist told Sky Sports . "  We asked the boys for a reaction in the second-half and boy did we get it . " Celtic manager Neil Lennon was disappointed by his team 's second half display : "  We did n't compete and it was almost as if the players had gone out in the second-half thinking the game was won , " he said . Matches between the two giants of Scottish football usually prove crucial in the domestic title race and the victory left Rangers on 19 points after seven games , with Celtic on 15 in second .	Rangers score three second half goals to beat Celtic in Glasgow 's Old Firm Derby Steven Naismith on target in each half for Rangers who go four points clear at top in Scotland Celtic have Charlie Mulgrew sent off in the second half for second bookable foul Old Firm Derby is one of the most hotly-contested in world football
CNN  -- Much of the United States was braced for severe winter weather on Monday , as a major storm hit California while an unrelated first round of wintry conditions snarled commutes in the Midwest . The storm hitting California Monday afternoon was expected to affect weather across the country through Wednesday . The wintry weather , caused by a weak disturbance over the Midwest , caused the deaths of three people in weather-related traffic accidents Sunday and Monday . The first two occurred Sunday in northern California , the area first hit by the weather . A 14-year-old boy died on Interstate 80 about 11 a.m. Sunday when the truck he was traveling in skidded off the road on a steep snow-covered grade , said California Highway Patrol spokeswoman Jeanie Hoatson . A second person was killed on State Route 89 about 45 minutes later when the vehicle they were driving went out of control and collided with a second vehicle , she said . In Indiana on Monday , a 21-year-old man died on Interstate 65 , northwest of Indianapolis , state police said . The man was involved in one of two weather-related crashes on the road as snow fell , and was struck by a semitrailer truck when he stepped out of his car , Indiana State Police said . Numerous traffic accidents were reported in states experiencing winter weather conditions as the disturbance moved across and into the Midwest , affecting Ohio and Wisconsin . Forecasters warned that the approaching storm could cause widespread power outages through Wednesday and make travel nearly impossible in some areas . It may spread arctic air southward by midweek . Some parts of Iowa could receive up to 10 inches of snow , according to CNN affiliate KCCI . The state already received up to 5 inches of snow from the disturbance Sunday . Chicago , Illinois , received about an inch of snow through Monday morning , said CNN iReporter Alan Hawkins . The sun came out and began to melt the snow , but by late morning the sky was overcast again . More cold temperatures and snow are forecast for Tuesday and Wednesday , he said . "  Today 's just kind of a taste of what we 're going to get . " CNN iReporters in Kentucky and Indiana reported snow , but said it was melting as of late morning . Is it snowing where you live ? Send photos , video Some snow also fell in mountainous areas of Arizona early Monday as the major storm moved in . Winter storm warnings stretched as far south as Tucson . Blizzard warnings are in effect for parts of the central Rockies and the Mogollon Rim in Arizona , where up to 2 feet of snow and wind gusts of 50 mph could cause whiteouts , forecasters said . Wind chills of 30 to 40 degrees below zero are forecast for the Midwest and the northern Plains , and afternoon temperatures may be in the single digits through Wednesday . The storm is forecast to intensify Monday as it strikes California and heads northeast toward the Rockies , forecasters said Sunday . Winter storm warnings are in effect for the Sierra Range southward to the San Bernardino mountains in Southern California . The area was set to experience heavy snow on Monday , with up to 3 feet possible in the higher elevations . Southern California may get wind gusts of 60 mph on Monday , which could damage trees , power lines and communication towers . Heavy rains were also forecast , triggering possibilities of mudslides and debris flows especially in burn areas . The storm is expected to intensify Tuesday as it moves northeast into the Midwest and upper Great Lakes . Winter storm watches are in effect for the regions , with blizzard conditions possible in northern Iowa and southern Minnesota on Tuesday . On Wednesday , the storm will move into southern Canada as the coldest air of the season spills across the central United States , forecasters said . Many temperatures will be below zero Thursday morning and daytime highs will struggle to make it out of the single digits across the upper Great Lakes , according to forecasters . CNN 's Sean Morris and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Major storm hits California ; severe weather bears down on Midwest All three fatalities happened in weather-related traffic accidents Parts of Midwest could see winds of 30 to 40 mph , visibilities near zero
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania school board voted to accept the resignations of two school officials who have been accused of sending each other a series of racist and sexist text messages on district phones , the board 's attorney said . In a 6-1 vote Tuesday night , members of the Coatesville Area School District board accepted the resignation of Superintendent Richard Como and high school Athletic Director Jim Donato , said the attorney , James Ellison . Copies of their texting conversations were provided to Tonya Thames Taylor , a board member , on August 18 , according to a statement released by the school district . Taylor then contacted other members of the board and an internal investigation was launched . Both men were instructed by the district not to report to work , and they submitted their resignations on August 29 . The resignations made no reference to the alleged text messages . The board does not believe any other school district employees were involved in the incident , according to the board statement . "  The racist and sexist language expressed by the two men was sickening and obviously unacceptable , " board President J. Neil Campbell said in a written statement . "  The board followed state and federal laws and moved as expeditiously as possible while simultaneously cooperating with the district attorney . " Chester County District Attorney Tom Hogan said the messages came to light as part of an existing unrelated investigation . In addition to the racist and sexist elements , he said , the messages had references to possible money-skimming . Hogan 's office is continuing their investigation and would not say if Como and Donato will face any charges . CNN 's attempts to reach Como and Donato for comment went unanswered . The school board is working with the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission to provide sensitivity training to faculty and staff members in the district , and guidance counselors and mental health specialists are on hand to assist students and staff , the district 's acting superintendent , Angelo Romaniello , said in an open letter to the community Monday . "  Although this has temporarily deflated our spirits it will never defeat us . In Coatesville , we know that our diversity is our greatest strength and we are proud that our community is a microcosm of the real world , " Romaniello wrote . "  We are still Coatesville , and we continue to pursue our noble goal : to provide the best education for all of our students that our money can buy , " Romaniello said .	A school superintendent and athletic director resign after a controversy over text messages The Coatesville Area School District 's board accept the resignations Board attorney : The messages allegedly included racist and sexist comments CNN 's attempts to reach the officials for comment go unanswered
CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Monday deflected concerns that the state 's new immigration law will hurt economic development , saying many businesses have long wanted tougher action . The new law requires Arizona police to determine whether people are in the United States legally if there is a reason to suspect they are n't . Brewer signed the controversial legislation into law on Friday . "  The bottom line is that when I go about meeting with businesses that come into Arizona ... they want to know that we have a safe and secure environment into which to move their businesses here , " Brewer said at an Arizona Town Hall event in Tucson . "  They want to know that their employees are going to have a quality of life that they 've had in the places where they 're moving from to move here . " "  I believe it 's not going to have the kind of economic impact that some people think that it might , " Brewer , a Republican , said . Would you boycott Arizona over immigration law ? The law , scheduled to go into effect 90 days after the close of the state 's legislative session , would require immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times . Previously , officers could check someone 's immigration status only if that person was suspected in another crime . Critics say the law could foster racial profiling and prompt businesses , conventions and tourists to stay away from the state . The bill has prompted rallies by opponents and supporters , and some prominent politicians in Washington and Arizona have criticized the measure , including Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon , who has said he 'll file a lawsuit to block the law . People have been protesting the bill outside the state Capitol since Friday , CNN affiliate KTVK reported . "  People are going to be stopped just because of the color of -LSB- their -RSB- skin . And it ai n't right , " protester Jose Acosta told CNN on Sunday . "  Are they going to be looking for Europeans as well , or is it just the brown people ? " Supporters say the measure is needed because the federal government has failed to enforce its own immigration laws . In Tucson on Monday , Brewer said she has written to the federal government five times about the issue in the past year and a half . " -LSB- The letters -RSB- have been met with complete , total disrespect to the people of Arizona . I mean , we do n't even get an answer back from our letters in regard to securing our border , " Brewer said . "  So , given that , I think it was time that Arizonans did step up , and that was one reason why I think that -LSB- the new state legislation -RSB- was signed . " Brewer emphasized an executive order she issued last week to accompany the law will require additional training for local officers on how to implement the law without engaging in racial profiling . "  I want you all to know that racial profiling is illegal . It 's the law , " she said Monday . "  We are going to be very diligent , and we 're going to make absolutely sure that that law ... will be implemented properly and respectfully . " Gordon , Phoenix 's mayor and a Democrat , said his office hopes the City Council will authorize the city to file a lawsuit Tuesday . "  Convention -LSB- and -RSB- tourist business groups have already gotten dozens of calls . We 're pleading with them not to boycott Phoenix or the state because of -LSB- the bill -RSB- , " Gordon said Monday on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  There will be court challenges . I 'm confident that the federal courts will enjoin it at least until it is determined -LSB- whether it 's -RSB- constitutional and how to enforce it so that officers do n't get sued by individuals alleging civil rights violations . " President Obama last week called the legislation "  misguided " and said the federal government must act on the immigration issue . "  Our failure to act responsible at the federal level will only open the door to irresponsibility by others . That includes , for example , the recent efforts in Arizona , which threaten to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and their communities that is so crucial to keeping us safe , " the president said in Washington at a naturalization ceremony for 24 members of the military . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer : Businesses have long asked for tougher immigration action But law 's opponents argue it will cause tourists , businesses to stay away New law requires police to determine whether a person is in U.S. legally Phoenix , Arizona , mayor says he 'll sue to block the law
Washington  CNN  -- A legal group filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit on Monday asking that videotapes showing the interrogation of a terror detainee at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , be made public . The suit filed in the Southern District of New York is focused on interrogation techniques used on Mohammed al-Qahtani , a man U.S. authorities have said was intended to be the 20th hijacker in the 9/11 terror attacks . "  From 2002 through 2003 , Mr. al-Qahtani was the victim of a deliberate and calculated interrogation strategy involving the repeated use of torture and other profoundly cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment , " according to the lawsuit filed by the Center for Constitutional Rights . The lawsuit says al-Qahtani was subjected to severe sleep deprivation , isolation , 20-hour interrogations , severe temperatures and forced nudity . The suit says al-Qahtani also experienced "  religious , sexual , and moral humiliation " including instances in which female interrogators straddled him . The lawsuit was brought against the Department of Defense , Department of Justice , FBI and CIA . Representatives for those agencies declined to comment . During a conference call with reporters , the center said lawyers involved with the case had seen some videotapes of al-Qahtani as the result of a 2009 federal court ruling , but they were not allowed to discuss them publicly . "  I found them extremely disturbing , sickening even , " said Sandra Babcock , a human rights lawyer at Northwestern Law School . Al-Qahtani 's treatment "  has been the subject of public debate and congressional inquiries , as well as internal agency investigations , " according to the lawsuit . "  The American public should now be permitted to see what occurred for itself . " Babcock described al-Qahtani as a "  broken man " who may never recover from the psychological and physical effects of the interrogation techniques allegedly used on him . In a 2009 interview with The Washington Post , the Pentagon official in charge of deciding whether Guantanamo detainees would go to trial said she concluded the al-Qahtani case could not proceed because of all the interrogation techniques used on him . "  His treatment met the legal definition of torture , " Susan Crawford , then head of the convening authority of military commissions , told The Washington Post . "  The techniques they used were all authorized , but the manner in which they applied them was overly aggressive and too persistent . " Crawford has since left that Pentagon post . Al-Qahtani , a citizen of Saudi Arabia , tried to enter the United States at Orlando , Florida , on August 4 , 2001 , a little more than a month before the September 11 attacks . He was denied entry by immigration officials and was captured in Pakistan in December of 2001 .	The Center for Constitutional Rights has filed the lawsuit Group wants videotapes of terror detainee 's interrogations made public U.S. says Mohammed al-Qahtani was intended to be 20th hijacker in 9/11 attacks Group says detainee has endured isolation , 20-hour interrogations and forced nudity
EW.com  -- Too long relegated to sad , dusty obscurity , the mostly forgotten '90s comedy gem "  Seinfeld " will finally resurface on TBS later this month . Jerry Seinfeld 's Reddit AMA - 12 things we learned In a press release , the network encouraged the series ' network of few-and-far-between fans to tweet with the hashtag #seinfeld25 as they discuss episodes of the critically acclaimed show about a New York comic and his quirky gang of friends . Perhaps now Jerry , Elaine , George , and Kramer will get the recognition and the exposure they always deserved . TBS is owned by the parent company of CNN . The Seinfeld Chronicles : An obsessive-compulsive dissection of all 169 episodes From June 30 through July 5 , TBS will air 25 of " ` Seinfeld 's ' most famous episodes $ " including "  The Chinese Restaurant , " "  The Serenity Now , " "  The Puffy Shirt , " and "  The Contest "  $ " culled from the series ' immensely successful nine-season run  1989-1999  . Episodes will air in two-hour blocks each night , concluding with a five-episode insta-binge on Saturday . "  Seinfeld " is widely regarded as one of the greatest sitcoms ever , and the show 's stars made news earlier this year for appearing in a Super Bowl commercial . Hopefully new initiates to the '90s sitcom will be able to follow the famously dense and intricate plotting of the "  show about nothing . " If not , though , they can also catch reruns on TBS literally any weeknight during any given week . See the original story at EW.com . See more comedy news at CNN Comedy . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The marathon will run from June 30 to July 5 It will be 25 of "  Seinfeld 's " most famous episodes Episodes will air in two-hour blocks each night
CNN  Shops looted and set ablaze . Terrified foreigners hiding in police stations and stadiums . Machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in major cities in South Africa . As attacks against foreigners and their businesses rage on , killing at least six people this week , other nations in the continent are scrambling to evacuate their citizens from South Africa . But this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse "  rainbow " nation . They started after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said at a recent gathering that foreigners "  should pack their bags and go " because they are taking jobs from citizens , local media reported . Shortly after his comments , violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of Durban . His office has denied he made the comments , saying journalists misquoted him . While kings are mostly ceremonial figures in the nation , they are influential in their communities . But the United Nations said the attacks started in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers . Some citizens have accused African immigrants of taking their already scarce jobs , undermining businesses owned by locals and contributing to a high crime rate . The nation 's unemployment rate is about 25 % , according to government figures . But resentment over porous borders , growing crime rates , poverty and corruption are also a major concern , analysts say . President Jacob Zuma has said his government is addressing the social and economic concerns . But he said immigrants contribute to the nation 's economy and bring skills that are in demand , and should not be stereotyped as criminals . "  While some foreign nationals have been arrested for various crimes , it is misleading and wrong to label or regard all foreign nationals as being involved in crime in the country , " Zuma said . The nation has about 2 million documented and undocumented immigrants , which is about 4 % of the total population , according to a study by the University of the Witwatersrand . Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants . Also , South Africa is a top travel destination for wealthy Africans because of its proximity and developed infrastructure . Yes . This is the latest in a series of attacks that date back years . In January , looters burned businesses owned by foreigners in another wave of xenophobic attacks . In addition , there were other incidents of violence last year , Human Rights Watch said . Seven years ago , Johannesburg was the epicenter of more anti-immigrant tensions that left dozens dead in attacks that later spread to Cape Town . Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . In those attacks , police arrested more than 200 people on various charges , including rape , murder , robbery and theft . In 2006 , xenophobic violence broke out again for several months in Cape Town . Victims of xenophobic attacks have been from various African nations , including Nigeria , Somalia and Ethiopia . African nations have condemned the attacks . Kenya , Malawi and Zimbabwe are just a few of the countries evacuating their citizens from South Africa . In Zambia , local radio station QFM said it will not play South African music in solidarity with the victims . And in Mozambique , South African energy and chemical giant Sasol sent about 340 South African nationals home . The company said Mozambican employees voiced concern about reported violence against their nationals and protested the presence of South African employees in Mozambique . Most of the attacks have erupted in poor and marginalized areas . Despite the progress the nation has made since its apartheid days , inequality still remains a major concern , according to the Nelson Mandela Foundation . "  It is up to the present and next generations to take up the cudgels where you  Mandela  have left off . It is up to them , through service to deepen our democracy ; entrench and defend our constitution ; eradicate poverty ; eliminate inequality ; fight corruption , and serve always with compassion , respect , integrity and tolerance , " the foundation said in a statement . "  Xenophobia , racism and sexism must be fought with tenacity , wisdom and enlightenment . " As fears of more attacks grow , South Africans have taken to social media and the streets to protest xenophobia and violence .	Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants in South Africa Attackers have targeted foreigners and their businesses
CNN  -- Evangelist Billy Graham was at home Sunday after being discharged from an Asheville , North Carolina , hospital where he was treated for pneumonia , the hospital said . The 92-year old minister was admitted to the Mission Hospital early on Wednesday and returned to his home in the nearby town of Montreat , North Carolina , Sunday afternoon . His physicians said Graham 's response to treatment has been good , but stressed his recovery will be slow . "  He has responded very well to treatment , with progressive improvement since his admission , " said Lucian Rice , Graham 's primary care physician . "  We expect continuing recuperation at home with very gradual recovery , returning to normal activities over several weeks . I 'm delighted that he has come back this fast . " During his hospital stay , Graham watched television and remained in good spirits , spokesman A. Larry Ross said . He was visited Wednesday evening by his eldest daughter , Gigi , and met with his pastor , Dr. Don Wilton , Thursday morning . Ross said Graham will look forward to visits from close friends once he is stronger . Graham has been hospitalized or treated for several ailments over the years , including a head surgery , a fall , intestinal bleeding , prostate cancer and Parkinson 's disease . According to Ross , Graham has remained in good health overall . Age-related conditions -- including macular degeneration and hearing loss -- have kept Graham at home in recent years , but the evangelist is involved in writing projects , including a manuscript for a book about aging , Ross said . The founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association has preached to millions of people over six decades , and has provided counsel to U.S. presidents , beginning with President Harry S. Truman . Graham 's wife , Ruth Bell Graham , died in 2007 .	His physician says Graham has responded very well to treatment The 92-year-old minister had developed pneumonia Graham is expected to continue his recovery at home He has preached to millions over six decades
Maybe she meant to , maybe she did n't , but Mary Landrieu reached straight for the encyclopedia of Things Losing Candidates Say . The Louisiana Senator -- an 18-year Washington veteran and outgoing chairwoman of the Senate Energy Committee , blessed with one of the most recognizable last names in southern politics -- stepped away from a modest crowd of supporters at a campaign event here for an interview about her difficult runoff race against Republican Bill Cassidy . "  It 's not over until it 's over , " Landrieu said of the campaign , which has been left for dead by national Democrats . "  The only poll that counts is Election Day . " A few of the reporters and political types standing nearby exchanged knowing glances . Landrieu 's defeat gives Republicans ninth seat this cycle As defined by political analyst Stuart Rothenberg , who curated the definitive list of "  Things Losing Candidates Say " for Roll Call last year , the luckless phrase is a pretty good indicator that "  you are losing the race at the time and have no empirical evidence to the contrary . " The evidence was stacked against Landrieu , who advanced to the runoff after losing a strategic bet that she would win Louisiana 's non-partisan primary outright four weeks ago . Instead , she got 42 percent , far short of the 50.1 % needed to win , and voters are now consolidating around Cassidy . If Landrieu had pulled it out Saturday , it would be have been an epic fourth quarter miracle that would put Les Miles to shame . She would have had to keep African-American turnout on par with the November primary , and somehow find a way to increase her support among white voters from the dreadful 18 percent she received last month , all in the middle of the holiday season . It was a near-impossible lift . There has n't been a gold standard poll of the race , but she was losing by 15 or 20 points depending on the survey . The actions of national Democrats were an even better tell . The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee canceled its ad reservations for the runoff after Landrieu failed to win the Nov. 4 jungle primary outright , effectively ceding the airwaves to Cassidy and Republicans , who are outspending her 7-1 on television . Supporters put on a brave face . "  Mary has always had close races and she always pulled them out , " said Harold Ritchie , a state representative and funeral director from Bogalusa . "  A lot of us are counting on that happening one more time . " Politically speaking , Louisiana is a weird place . They have elections in odd years and run "  jungle primaries . " Politicians , state and local , genuflect before the gods of the oil and gas industry . It 's a state that 's twice voted an Indian-American Catholic Rhodes scholar into the governor 's office  Bobby Jindal  and seems primed to succeed him with a Republican who reportedly liked to wear diapers while soliciting a prostitute in the French Quarter  David Vitter  . There 's a proud populist streak , a fraught racial history and a healthy dash of corruption . "  Louisiana politics is of an intensity and complexity that are matched , in my experience , only in the Republic of Lebanon , " A.J. Leibling once wrote about the state . He was referring to the strange gumbo coalitions -- white , black , cajun , redneck , uptown , downtown -- that candidates assembled to win statewide elections . But Liebling was scribbling those thoughts for The New Yorker in 1960 . These days , elections are nationalized , waged on television and online , and not even the most Lousianan of Louisianans can safely count on surviving at the ballot box -- no matter how much clout one has built up in Washington or how many LSU tailgates one attends . Republicans have clobbered Landrieu with television ads tying her to President Barack Obama , whose approval rating in Louisiana , according to midterm exit polls , is 39 percent . "  The Republicans and her opponent Bill Cassidy have done a very effective job at creating an emotional target for voters to direct their frustration towards , and that would be President Obama , " said New Orleans-based Democratic pollster Silas Lee . Landrieu , first elected in 1996 , compared herself to New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees and Cassidy to an unknown rookie . Voting her out of office , she argues , would be akin to benching the star quarterback when the team needs it most . The argument , though , had lost its resonance with Obama 's waning popularity and the newly-in-charge Republican Senate majority , depriving Landrieu of her coveted position as chairwoman of the Energy Committee . "  Seniority is based on how many years you have served , " she said . "  Nothing has changed . I will have served 18 years . I have served with Democrats in charge , I have served with Republicans in charge . Nothing can take my seniority away . I will still be one of the highest ranking members of the Senate . I wo n't be chair . But I will be ranking member of the Energy Committee , and in that I will convene meetings of Democrats on Energy Committee , so Louisianans will still be at forefront , at the leadership table . I will still be part of the leadership team . That 's much better than sitting on the back bench or sitting on the rookie bench . " Landrieu spent the final week flogging Cassidy , a congressman and LSU physician , over a late-breaking news story about questionable paychecks he received for part-time medical teaching work he may or may not have done at the university in Baton Rouge . "  This story has legs , " Landrieu said . "  This story is breaking . You know , I wish it had broken a couple of weeks ago , but you know what ? It broke now . Bill Cassidy can not say , ' I am a doctor , I am higher than the law . ' " The argument felt like a Hail Mary , the last gasp of a zombie campaign that many Democrats are waiting for to die in a canebrake . And even the senator admits how difficult it is to run a campaign when no one , in Louisiana or elsewhere , seems to be listening anymore . "  Nothing seems to be breaking through these days , " she said with a sigh , deviating slightly from her message . "  It 's a very strange situation , all over the country . It 's like people are just so mad , these commercials have really gotten people 's emotions up . So getting people to focus on what really matters , leadership , honesty , integrity , hard work ... " Landrieu trailed off . "  I am not going to give up , " she said . "  These last few days are really important . "	Sen. Mary Landrieu lost her runoff race to GOP challenger Bill Cassidy on Saturday Landrieu 's supporters put on a brave face until the end
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI refused Wednesday to soften the Vatican 's ban on condom use as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope . Cameroonian President Paul Biya , left , walks with Pope Benedict XVI at the airport in Yaounde , Tuesday . He landed in Cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to Angola . Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world , according to the United Nations and World Health Organization . There has been fierce debate between those who advocate the use of condoms to help stop the spread of the epidemic and those who oppose it . The pontiff reiterated the Vatican 's policy on condom use as he flew from Rome to Yaounde , the capital of Cameroon , CNN Vatican analyst John Allen said . Pope Benedict has always made it clear he intends to uphold the traditional Catholic teaching on artificial contraception -- a "  clear moral prohibition " -- Allen said . But his remarks Tuesday were among the first times he stated the policy explicitly since he became pope nearly four years ago . He has , however , assembled a panel of scientists and theologians to consider the narrow question of whether to allow condoms for married couples , one of whom has HIV , the virus that causes AIDS . It is still not clear how the pope will rule on the matter , said Allen , who is also a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter . The Catholic Church has long been on the front line of HIV care , he said , adding that it is probably the largest private provider of HIV care in the world . More than 22 million people in sub-Saharan Africa are infected with HIV , according to a 2008 UNAIDS/WHO report . Nine out of 10 children with HIV in the world live in the region , which has 11.4 million orphans because of AIDS , the report said , and 1.5 million people there died of the disease in 2007 .	Pope Benedict XVI refuses to soften the Vatican 's ban on condom use He made comments as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope He is visiting Cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to Angola Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region
CNN  Two extremists who attacked a landmark museum in Tunisia , killing 23 people , got weapons training at camps in Libya , an official said Friday . The suspects were activated from sleeper cells in Tunisia , Security Minister Rafik Chelly said . He did not say which group activated them , or with whom they trained . "  They left the country illegally last December for Libya , and they were able to train with weapons there , " he told private broadcaster AlHiwar Ettounsi TV . Like Tunisia , Libya saw its longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi ousted during the regional wave of revolutions known as the Arab Spring . But unlike its neighbor to the west , Libya has been fraught with more instability and violence -- much of it perpetrated by Islamist militants , like those behind the 2012 Benghazi attack that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . Such violence has been rare in Tunisia , at least on the scale of what happened Wednesday at the Bardo Museum in Tunis . Still , it is not a total shock , given that up to 3,000 Tunisians have left to fight as jihadists in Iraq and Syria , according to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalization in London , not to mention others who have joined radical groups closer to home . Already , authorities have arrested nine people in connection with the attack , including four directly linked to it , according to a statement from Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi . And in an audio message posted online Thursday , ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack , which it said targeted "  crusaders and apostates " with "  automatic weapons and hand grenades . " CNN can not independently verify the legitimacy of the audio statement . That bloodshed is "  just the start , " the ISIS message warned -- a threat that may or may not be hollow , but nonetheless adds extra urgency for Tunisian investigators . The nation 's security forces are working to break up other cells like those behind the recent Bardo Museum attack . But that 's not necessarily going to be fast or easy . "  We know they can launch operations , but we must piece together clues in order to conduct an arrest , " Chelly said . As investigators continued their work , Tunisians turned out Friday to mark the North African nation 's independence from France . Those commemorations were more somber this year , but they were also in many ways more significant . "  I 'm here to celebrate 59 years of our independence , " said Adib Adela , 38 , a school inspector in Tunis . "  The most important thing now is to properly investigate and to find those responsible . " Tunisia has been shaken by the terrorist attack , though it was foreigners -- 19 of them tourists who 'd been on two cruise ships that docked in Tunis -- who made up the vast majority of victims . Fifteen victims ' bodies are at a morgue in the capital , a forensic official said . Some of them have n't been identified two days after the attack , according to the official , and all are foreigners . The fear is that many other tourists wo n't come back . Already , the parent companies of the two ships that had most of the victims , Costa Cruises and MSC Cruises , have announced the cancellation of all scheduled stops in Tunis for 2015 and substituted them with other ports . That means some foreigners wo n't be coming to Tunisia as once expected . But it does n't mean all tourists will stay away -- as illustrated by a movement online of people vowing , "  I will come to Tunisia . " Beyond tourism , Tunisians also hope to get support from other countries as they fight terrorism . "  I hope other countries will support Tunisia , like they supported France after Charlie Hebdo , " said Amir Foudieli , 33 , who works for an export company , referring to the January massacre at the satirical magazine 's offices in Paris . "  We are Tunisian , this is our country . Not theirs , they  the terrorists  are bastards of children . We have centuries of history . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Victor Blackwell and journalist Yasmine Ryan contributed to this report .	Two cruise ship companies cancel 2015 stops in Tunisia after the Bardo Museum attack The museum attack suspects were activated from sleeper cells in Tunisia , security minister says Tunisians gather to celebrate independence day
The population of the least populous town in the United States appeared to at least double Thursday when two mysterious businessmen from Vietnam won the tiny hamlet with a bid of $ 900,000 at auction . About a dozen bidders gathered around the town 's one business to bid on Buford , Wyoming , which consists of a gas station , a three-bedroom house and a few small outbuildings on 10 acres along Interstate 80 . The bidding began at $ 100,000 and quickly escalated . The winning bidders were immediately whisked away by auction officials , who would not let them speak to the media . The town 's only resident , Don Sammons , watched from the sidelines . He moved to Buford in 1980 with his wife and son . His wife died in 1995 , and his son moved away in 2007 . He had bought the town in 1990 . He fought back tears as the auctioneer declared the town sold . "  I do n't know when it will hit me . I 've lived here half my life . I 'm an emotional person , and I hope I handle it in an adult manner , " he said . Tonjah Andrews , a real estate broker from Cheyenne who was hired to represent the men , said she would not disclose their names . She said the men flew in from Vietnam after learning about the auction from online news stories . She would not comment on what the men plan to do with the town . Sammons bought a house in Windsor , Colorado , to be closer to his son and plans on writing a book about his 32 years in Buford . He said he 'll miss his one-man town , but one thing he wo n't miss is the billboard with his face on it that has become a familiar sight to drivers in Interstate 80 . Buford is about halfway between Laramie and Cheyenne and is the second oldest town in the state . "  I can always rent one somewhere if I need to see my face , " he said with a laugh .	Two businessmen from Vietnam buy the nation 's least populous town Buford , Wyoming , sold for $ 900,000 The identities of the buyers are being kept secret The lot includes 10 acres , five buildings and a cell phone tower
London , England  CNN  -- When people say the message of Charles Dickens ' "  A Christmas Carol " is as relevant today as it was in 1843 , they usually have in mind Ebenezer Scrooge 's conversion . Overnight , he 's transformed from a mean old skinflint who believes that those unable to support themselves had better die "  and decrease the surplus population " to an almost riotously generous giver to charitable causes . They remember especially , perhaps , Scrooge 's change of heart toward his poor , underpaid clerk Bob Cratchit and how he promises to ensure that Bob will be able to afford the medical treatment that his beloved little son , the crippled Tiny Tim , will need if he is to survive -- a plot detail that resonates with particular strength in America today , where citizens struggle with health care costs . Less often remembered , though , is an eerie interlude that can easily be taken as a mirror of our own times : Scrooge 's appalled encounter with the two fearful children , a boy and a girl , "  yellow , meagre , ragged , scowling , wolfish , " who emerge from the robes of the Ghost of Christmas Present . The boy 's name is Ignorance and the girl 's is Want , and the ghost warns Scrooge to beware of them both -- but especially of the boy on whose brow is written "  that which is Doom , unless the writing be erased . " These fearful apparitions were products of Britain 's "  Hungry Forties , " when there was widespread economic distress and great fear of social breakdown , but it is part of Dickens ' genius that he was recognizing here a theme that plays out everywhere , in every time and in every culture . It certainly does in today 's America with unemployment running at 10 percent  or even higher in some areas  and fears that this could lead to increased crime , and arguably has led to a growing sense of intolerance -- for example , towards immigrant communities -- and political extremism . It may seem odd to include such grim reminders in a tale about Christmas . But Dickens knew about poverty : His own comfortable childhood was transformed when his father 's overspending landed him and most of his family in a debtors ' prison . As a boy , Dickens worked long hours for about a year in a small-scale factory and later drew on this experience , to him deeply degrading , in the early chapters of "  David Copperfield . " When not working he wandered about the streets of London , which he was later so richly to describe in "  Bleak House " and his other great novels . For Dickens , building a system of national education  something frustrated in his day by bitter disputes between the different religious denominations  and reforming sanitary  or public health  laws were the two things needing urgent attention from the nation 's lawmakers . He continued to fear the danger represented by the boy Ignorance , who re-appears in the last of his Christmas books , "  The Haunted Man "  1848  , as the savage street-child whom Redlaw , the protagonist , tries vainly to help . Of course , things gradually improved for Britain , as they eventually do in most big countries struggling to survive economic lows . In the 1850s and 1860s , as the country became more prosperous , the fear of chaos and revolution receded . Dickens dropped Ignorance and Want from his hugely popular public reading version of the "  Carol "  performed from 1858 onward  , though he never stopped calling attention to the national scandal of the scavenging hordes of starving , uncared-for street children in London and Britain 's other great cities  the first Education Act , which brought in compulsory state education at the elementary level for all working-class children , was passed in the year of his death  . Today , however , cities still confront gang activity and , as we witness a surge of political and religious extremism , we might wonder what Dickens would make of the situation . As someone who sought in his own journals to fight against the depraving effect of cheap sensational literature produced by those he called "  Panders to the basest passions of the lowest natures , " he would certainly have been alarmed and horrified by the level of pop culture violence and quasi-pornography -- on TV , in magazines and video games . He would have seen this primarily as a failure of public education , I believe . Again , as someone who in his last novel , "  Edwin Drood , " depicted a drug addict who turns to murder , he would have been equally appalled by the drug culture now so widespread among the young . The powerful presentation of Ignorance and Want in the latest cinematic version of his immortal "  A Christmas Carol " would surely have struck him appropriate for our day . In the new Disney film a ferociously scowling Ignorance wields a lethal-looking knife , and Want is a teenage prostitute driven crazy , presumably by drug abuse . Disney brilliantly demonstrates that the urgent social warning Dickens sought to convey in the "  Carol " in 1843 is quite as relevant to us today as is the story 's more personal message about the need for us to open our "  shut-up hearts " to our fellow men and give generously to those less well off than ourselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Slater	Michael Slater : "  A Christmas Carol " used Ignorance and Want to warn of poverty 's effect He says Dickens thought education , health reform could stem social decline Slater sees grim parallels to "  Carol " in today 's culture , economy Slater : Heed book 's social warning as much as its goodwill message
CNN  -- At least 49 inmates broke out of a prison in Tunisia on Sunday night , the country 's state-run Tunis Afrique Presse reported . Security forces have detained 13 of the escapees , according to the report , which cited a security source . The incident occurred in Gabes , in the southeastern part of the North African country . It is the latest mass prison break in the turbulent Muslim world . Recent prison breaks have been cited by analysts as one of several reasons the United States heightened its security and closed various embassies last month . Prison breaks occurred last July in Pakistan , Iraq and Libya , and have been a known strategy of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . Details are not known about who escaped from the Tunisian prison , but there are longstanding fears that militants are focusing on springing their fighters and leaders who are incarcerated . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said that al Qaeda "  actually announced a year ago that they were going to do this campaign of releasing prisoners from prison and they conducted something like seven prison assaults , a couple of which have been quite successful . " Interpol last month issued a global security alert , asking member nations to help determine whether the recent escapes are linked . It cited "  suspected al Qaeda involvement in several of the breakouts which led to the escape of hundreds of terrorists and other criminals . "	Thirteen of the escapees in Tunisia have been detained There has been international concern over recent prison escapes Prison breaks are a known strategy of al Qaeda , a CNN analyst says
Mumbai 's moviegoers are getting used to seeing a police-issued public service clip before the start of films , encouraging them to come forward to report crimes against women . It 's a relevant message , given the regular reports of grisly gang rapes and murders roiling the nation . In the past few weeks , the north of India has experienced especially brutal violence , particularly in the state of Uttar Pradesh . On May 27 , the alleged gang rape and hanging of two teenage girls , age 14 and 15 , in Badaun district made headlines . Two weeks later , the body of a 45-year-old alleged gang rape victim was found hanging from a tree in Bahraich district . Since then , a 16-year-old girl was found hanged from a tree in Moradabad district , allegedly after having been raped . In Kushinagar , an 18-year-old was apparently raped by two people and dumped in a pond . And just days ago came news of another gang rape in Badaun , that of a 32-year-old woman . After the infamous December 2012 rape and death of a physiotherapy student in New Delhi , the rape of a photojournalist in Mumbai in August last year and the rapes of several foreign visitors to India , the specter of a crisis haunts India . "  Clearly , rape is nothing new , " says Madhu Kishwar , a pioneering feminist and academic who founded Manushi , a journal on women 's issues , more than 40 years ago . "  What 's new is the increased brutalization of the rape victims . It 's an epidemic of brutality . " Kishwar notes a heightened frustration and angst amongst young men facing limited options in life as a factor in the wave of sexual violence . Beyond that , she also points to general lawlessness in states like Uttar Pradesh , where politics is highly criminalized . Uttar Pradesh , with 200 million people , is India 's most populous state and ranks fourth across all states and union territories in rape crimes . Although the number of rape cases registered in the state increased from 1563 in 2010 to 1963 in 2012 , the state 's conviction rate for such cases declined from 2010 to 2012 , from 45.1 percent to 31.5 percent , according to data from the National Bureau of Crime Statistics  NBCS  . This trend mirrors what 's happening nationally . While the total number of rape cases in India registered a 12 percent increase between 2010 and 2012 , the conviction rate declined from 17.1 percent to 14.3 percent , resulting in fewer convictions in 2012 .  In the majority of these cases , the rape offenders were known to victims . Yet domestic data belies this , given that in 2012 , the latest year for which official data is available , 24,923 rape cases were registered nationally , according to the NBCS . This is almost certainly a reflection of the under-reporting of crimes of sexual violence . Political insensitivity is not helping to foster a climate in which victims of sexual violence feel safe coming forward . Mulayam Singh Yadav , the head of the Samajwadi Party , which governs Uttar Pradesh , courted controversy when he decried stricter punishments for rapists after laws were overhauled last year . He was quoted as suggesting that boys make such mistakes , and that rapists should n't be awarded the death penalty . His Australian educated son , Akhilesh Yadav , who is the state 's chief minister , also misstepped . When probed by journalists about the increase in rapes in his state , he retorted in Hindi : "  It 's not as though you faced danger . " The Samajwadi Party is hardly alone . Boorish politicians across party lines have made repugnant statements , including calling rape "  accidental " and "  sometimes right , sometimes wrong . " Such thoughts reflect Indian society 's deep-rooted patriarchy . We rank 132 out of 187 countries on gender inequality , according to the UNDP 's Human Development Report , lower even than neighboring Pakistan . A 2014 report by Dasra , a Mumbai based philanthropic foundation says that almost 70 percent of women in India face some form of domestic violence . In their book "  An Uncertain Glory , " economists Amartya Sen and Jean Dreze write that Indian women 's participation in the workforce beyond the home "  remains extremely low by international standards , and shows little sign of increasing " -- a situation attributed in part to "  negative social attitudes towards women 's work outside the household . " Poverty and poor sanitation are a blight on India . Forty percent of schools in India do not have separate toilets for girls , leading to higher school drop out rates for girls as they attain puberty and perpetuating the cycle of low female literacy . Lack of access to toilets plays a role in making women vulnerable to assaults . The two teenage cousins killed in the Badaun assaults had stepped out to relieve themselves when they were abducted . Caste oppression also continues to be a real issue . In Uttar Pradesh , caste certainly played a factor in some of the crimes , which reflected a pattern of higher caste men feeling entitled to victimize lower caste victims with relative impunity . But , as is often the case with all things Indian , generalizations have their limits . The rape of a photojournalist in Mumbai last August had nothing to do with caste and everything to do with young men attacking a woman for sport . "  Each case has to be looked at individually , " says Kishwar . "  It would be a mistake to lump them all into one group . " How , then , do we restore faith in our society and tackle this menace ? For a start , Indians have to shift our cultural mindset . We must give women wider berth in employment opportunities to foster economic independence . The idea of woman as personal property , which leads to a sense of male entitlement , has to be eradicated . Marital rape , currently not legally recognized , must be criminalized . In the short-term , we need better law enforcement . The police need to step up their game nationally , but especially in places like beleaguered Uttar Pradesh . Victims should be encouraged to come forward to report crimes with the expectation they will be treated with care . More policewomen need to be recruited , and dedicated cells for violent sexual crimes must be the norm in police stations . Mandatory gender sensitivity training and quicker response times to crimes should be built into police performance evaluation . Conviction rates need to go up , but justice also needs to be timely . Indians recently took pride in peacefully electing a new government , one that took the reins in New Delhi promising change . A priority for them in delivering on that promise must be to ensure women 's security .	Northern India has experienced especially brutal violence , with a spate of brutal rapes Gayatri Rangachari Shah : Indians have to shift their cultural mindset towards women The conviction rate in rape cases has declined over the past few years Political insensitivity is not helping victims feel safe coming forward
CNN  -- There 's a popular African proverb that seems particularly relevant to this World Health Day : "  If you think you 're too small to make a difference , try sleeping in a closed room with a mosquito . " Beyond their power to annoy , mosquitoes and other insects carry an outsized ability to kill , disable and disfigure people in massive numbers . Human history is closely linked to diseases carried by vectors such as the sand flies at the heart of blinding and disfiguring diseases referenced during biblical times , fleas responsible for bubonic plague in Medieval Europe , and the mosquitoes that carry one of today 's most well-known diseases , malaria . What most people do n't know , however , is that there are several other vector-borne diseases that have a staggering impact on the world 's poorest people . Called neglected tropical diseases , or NTDs , this group of parasitic and bacterial infections plagues one in six people worldwide , including more than 500 million children . These diseases , such as lymphatic filariasis , also known as elephantiasis , can cause severe deformities in sufferers and are one of the major reasons for lower economic productivity among adults and decreased school attendance among kids in poor and even middle-income countries , and pose a primary obstacle to achieving many of the Millennium Development Goals , particularly for education , nutrition , and maternal and child health . Potential success story It 's easy to focus on the bleak side of NTDs , but the truth is their control and elimination potentially represents the next major public health success story . There is now a worldwide effort to neutralize the threat posed by NTDs . A consortium of partners -- including the World Health Organization , Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , and 13 pharmaceutical companies -- came together two years ago to enact the London Declaration , a sweeping commitment by public , private and government partners to achieve control and elimination of 10 NTDs by 2020 . In the time since , nearly 1.35 billion pills to treat several NTDs have been donated annually by the pharmaceutical sector , with a commitment to provide 14 billion treatments on average over 10 years . The value of these donations has been estimated at $ 19 billion through 2020 and is a primary reason for driving down the cost to treat and protect one person against multiple NTDs to less than 50 cents per year . Correspondingly , more than 70 countries have enacted plans to integrate NTD funding into their national budgets and focus greater health resources on NTD-related health programs , and we are seeing major progress in how NTD programs are integrated with other health and development initiatives involving water , sanitation and health  WASH  , nutrition and education . All of this is big news . Since NTD pills do not require any clinics or medically trained personnel to administer , and are shelf-stable for long periods of time in hot climates , the task of getting them into the hands of the neediest communities is dramatically easier than other major health interventions . When treatments are given to a community over a sustained period of five to seven years , elimination of NTDs as a public health threat is achievable . In the case of vector-borne diseases , it means that the insects and snails that normally transmit parasites from one human to another can no longer infect the population with the parasitic loads usually derived from other infected people . Ending the diseases With all the recent momentum for combating NTDs , we are now closer than we have ever been in history to finally seeing the end of these diseases . But we still have formidable barriers to overcome if we expect to reach broad control and elimination targets by the end of the decade . The global cost to achieving the 2020 NTD goals is relatively minimal relative to other health interventions : we have a funding gap of only $ 200 million per year to cover the expense of distributing the donated medicines to affected communities . Bridging this gap requires new partners to join the effort . NTDs offer one of the best returns on investment available in public health . Imagine : for only 50 cents per year , we have the potential to free a person to work more productively or excel in school , providing a path to increase lifetime earnings . Such a minimum investment yields the kind of returns that free the poorest communities to help grow , and participate in , market economies . For political and business leaders , NTD treatment should be seen as a basic investment that strengthens a country 's potential labor and consumer force , tapping new sources of GDP growth . It is paramount global leaders prioritize NTDs on the post-2015 development agenda to make NTDs a plague of the past . All of the right factors align -- from donated , safe treatments and readily available school-based distribution points to an unmatched return on public health investment . With greater commitment by national governments , multinational and bilateral donors , corporate partners and philanthropists , we can reduce suffering on a mass scale and help millions of people achieve their full economic and social potential . For more information visit : www.end7.org or www.globalnetwork.org . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Neeraj Mistry .	World Health Day focuses on diseases spread by insects , other animals Neglected tropical diseases  NTDs  affect one in six people worldwide 50 cents will protect one person from multiple NTDs for a year , writes Neeraj Mistry Beating NTDs could be next major public health success story , he says
CNN  -- The eyes of the world are on the U.S. Congress this week and next . Unlike resolutions about naming a post office , honoring the 2013 World Series champion Boston Red Sox or defunding Obamacare , members of Congress also take votes that test their consciences and prompt them to examine what they believe because the right vote might not be the one that is politically expedient or representative of the current public mood . Our elected representatives will vote on whether to authorize the president to use military force in Syria , where according to U.S. and British intelligence , the regime of Bashar al-Assad defied an international norm and used sarin gas to murder roughly 1,400 of its own citizens , including more than 400 children . The American people , weary from more than a decade of war , are rightfully skeptical of any plan to get involved in a civil war that already has claimed the lives of more than 100,000 . At times like this , I think about the words of my former boss , Sen. Ted Kennedy , who 11 years ago this month on the precipice of the Iraq War said , "  There is a difference between honest public dialogue and partisan appeals . There is a difference between questioning policy and questioning motives . "  There are Republicans and Democrats who support the immediate use of force -- and Republicans and Democrats who have raised doubts and dissented . In this serious time for America and many American families , no one should poison the public square by attacking the patriotism of opponents , or by assailing proponents as more interested in the cause of politics than in the merits of their cause . I reject this , as should we all . " Voting your conscience -- standing up for what you believe in -- is not only the safest way to ensure you can articulate a defense for your vote , but it 's also your duty as an elected official . This crime committed by al-Assad 's government , and belief that inaction could lead more countries to use chemical weapons and put our security in peril , has forced a president who said he "  was elected to end wars " into the unlikely position of advocating for military action . By seeking the authorization of Congress , the president did his part to restore the power to the people , or , specifically , to their elected representatives . Like Kennedy , I , too , would like to reject the notion that Republicans or Democrats in Congress would seize upon this vote to tally political points or pad their campaign finances . Pacifist Democrats or libertarian Republicans may vote against the authorization because , after more than a decade of war , they do n't think the United States should intervene . Others on both sides of the aisle will vote for it because they believe our country has a role to play in holding dictators accountable who use weapons of mass destruction in violation of a standard adhered to by 98 % of the world 's population . Both votes should be votes of conscience . Unfortunately , last week we saw a congressman accused of fundraising off his position switch , a presidential hopeful suspected of reversing his stance to please his party 's base and remembrances of former presidential contenders who were tarnished by voting for a war . For those elected officials who are concerned about how his or her vote will impact their next election or their future presidential pursuits , I promise you two things : Voters will respect your decision if it is made out of duty of office , rather than personal ambition , and whatever you think the politics are today might not be the same politics a year from now , and will most certainly not be the politics three years from now . There is an eternity between now and the next presidential election , and the most important aspect you can retain between now and that first presidential primary vote is authenticity -- do n't put your finger to the wind , vote out of spite for this president or overcorrect the lessons of the fateful vote in 2002 to authorize the Iraq War . Do what you think is right , and the politics will follow . On "  Crossfire , " in Congress and in the public discourse , I am looking forward to the thoughtful discussion about the stakes in Syria , and I am proud to live in a country where peaceful disagreements are part of our fabric . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Cutter .	Stephanie Cutter : At times , members of Congress take votes based on conscience Syria issue requires members to consider what is right , not what is expedient , she says Cutter : This is a time for politics to be put aside and for thoughts of 2016 to take a back seat She says members should act as they think is right and let the politics follow
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Three bomb blasts rocked the southern Thai border city of Sungai Kolok , leaving at least four people dead and 118 wounded , officials said . The explosions happened Friday night in Thailand 's Narathiwart Province , according to the country 's Ministry of Public Health . Authorities believe the bombs were planted in a car and motorcycle , and detonated with some form of coordination , according to military spokesman Col. Prinya Chaidilok . He said the incident was carried out by "  drug gangs " retaliating after a narcotics crackdown by authorities last week . Sungai Kolok , which borders Malaysia in southern Thailand , is a popular tourist destination for Thais and Malaysians .	Bomb blasts hit Sungai KolokAuthorities say the blasts were drug related Sungai Kolok is a tourist destination
Washington  CNN  -- One of the world 's most famous poets and writers , an inspiration to countless women , recently celebrated her birthday . At her home in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , Maya Angelou celebrated turning 82 . Born in an era unfriendly to women whose ambitions would take them out of the home or away from a narrow range of "  acceptable " jobs , she nonetheless succeeded in many fields . She has led an admirably peripatetic life ; she has been an author , dancer , actor , civil rights activist , radio host . Hailed , above all , for her vivid written portrayals of adolescent life in the South and the horrors of her violent childhood , she 's become a role model of resilience for generations of American women . When she speaks , it is with intense clarity , as if her words are aligned , standing at attention . Untethered from convention and politesse by age , hard-won experience and inner strength , she expresses truths that many women may suspect but are loath to admit . "  I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels , " she once said . "  Life 's a bitch . You 've got to go out and kick a -- . " But 41 years after the she grabbed those lapels with her groundbreaking novel "  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , " I found myself reflecting at her party on what has -- and has not -- changed for women heading out into the world . The truth is , it 's still very hard to get to the point of accomplishment of a Maya Angelou . Modern women still struggle to succeed without being labeled the witch , ditz or office pariah . Indeed , young women I meet when I speak with college students across the country are aware of this as they prepare to plunge into their adult lives . I find that regardless of the career opportunities that are at their fingertips , advances that their foremothers would scarcely have believed , some women  especially women of color  still brace themselves for limitations and obstacles . Is there a magic key to a life lived free of gender and racial biases , they ask ? There is not . There are barriers . But how long must young women leaving high schools and universities expect to be swimming against generations-long waves ? We have come a long way , but still we see reflected in the media daily the crude stereotypes that confront and trivialize accomplished and prominent women . It might be a first lady mocked for revealing a little cleavage , another first lady questioned for leaving her job to take care of her children or a candidate for vice president criticized for her commitment to family . And though women represent more than half the voting age population and are a significant political force , at this "  post-feminist " moment , only six of the nation 's 50 governors and only 17 of the 100 U.S. senators are women . At the same time , the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2009 Educational Attainment Survey showed that more women than men over the age of 25 have bachelor 's , graduate and professional degrees . And a recent AdAge White Paper , entitled "  The New Female Consumer , " cited statistics from a Catalyst survey that shows that women 's median income rose 32.9 percent from 1990 to 2006 , while men 's only rose 6.3 percent . Should we be surprised how young women respond to these mixed messages ? I talked with Angelou about such issues when she welcomed me as a guest on her program and later invited me to her home to discuss themes about womanhood that I would eventually explore in a book . We talked about how the limitations placed on us as young girls began with our families . I still bristle , and told her so , about how my family had advised me to learn to type and become a secretary . She counseled that they had done that out of love , that their intention was not "  to break you . " Rather , the intent was "  to keep you from breaking your heart . " But as we all know , the world can be much crueler than our families : The route to success for women , politically , economically and personally , is often lined with broken hearts and humbling moments that I would hope do more to ignite our determination than quell it . Maybe we can argue that our defeats kindle resilience ? I wonder if Angelou 's living legacy reaches today into the lives of modern women whose intelligence , determination -- and resilience -- helped them surmount obstacles on the way to lofty positions in the world . Yes , there are mixed messages everywhere for young women , but then there are the achievements of a Hillary Clinton , a Michelle Obama , a Sarah Palin . Young , determined women willing to push aside the obstacles that a sometimes retrograde culture throws in their way can take inspiration from those women 's successes . And as Angelou once said , "  History , despite its wrenching pain , can not be unlived , but if faced with courage , need not be lived again . " The birthday girl speaks the truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leslie Sanchez .	Leslie Sanchez says Maya Angelou , whose life has inspired many women , has turned 82 She says Angelou tells women to "  grab life by the lapels , " but culture presents hurdles Women succeed in earning , education ; lag in Congress , pop culture portrayals , she says Sanchez : Angelou can inspire women to be determined , resilient and to surmount barriers
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Yad Vashem , Israel 's official Holocaust memorial , museum and research facility , has launched a YouTube channel in Farsi , the primary language of Iran . This is being added to the already existing channels in English , Hebrew , Arabic , Russian and Spanish . The Farsi YouTube channel contains a chronological description of the Holocaust , accompanied by video , photos , documents and artifacts . It also includes the "  Auschwitz Album , " a multimedia presentation about the infamous Nazi death camp where more than 1 million Jews were murdered during World War II . Testimonies from Holocaust survivors are presented on the channel , several of whom attended the launching event held at Yad Vashem . The channel also features Holocaust historians speaking about contemporary anti-Semitism . "  Today , when there is so much disinformation and distortion easily available online , we provide an alternative to anyone who is interested in the truth , " said Avner Shalev , chairman of Yad Vashem . Shalev affirmed to CNN that the Farsi channel is , in part , a countermeasure against the official Holocaust denial of the Iranian regime , "  and I do believe that there are those circles inside Iranian society , we know about them , who are making many efforts to get more information about the Holocaust . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has questioned , repeatedly and publicly , whether the Holocaust actually happened . He went as far as organizing a conference in Tehran on December 11 , 2006 , titled the International Conference to Review the Global Vision of the Holocaust . The attendees included individuals who propagate that the Holocaust was a fabrication . Ahmadinejad himself in a speech given in June 2009 referred to the murder of six million Jews as "  the great deception of the Holocaust . " Ya'acov Handeli , a survivor of Auschwitz whose testimony is included on the YouTube channel said , "  Holocaust denial exists in many countries , and that is why it is important that people will see us , the Holocaust survivors , and listen to our testimony and learn about the events of the Holocaust also in Farsi . "	New channel contains a Holocaust chronology , with videos , photos , documents and artifacts Yad Vashem chairman affirms the channel , in part , targets Iran 's official Holocaust denial Holocaust survivor : "  It is important that people will ... learn about the events ... also in Farsi . "
CNN  "  The Law of the Jungle , which never orders anything without a reason , forbids every beast to eat Man . " I still remember the first time I read the passage from "  The Jungle Book , " heart racing beneath my pajamas covered with The Six Million Dollar Man . "  The real reason for this is that man-killing means , sooner or later , the arrival of white men on elephants , with guns , and hundreds of brown men with gongs , rockets and torches . Then everybody in the jungle suffers , " Rudyard Kipling wrote . I probably understood that tiger attacks were fairly rare in Milwaukee , but to my 11-year-old brain , Kipling was dropping wisdom that just might keep me alive on the next expedition into the weedy lot behind Piggly Wiggly . "  The reason the beasts give among themselves is that Man is the weakest and most defenseless of all living things , and it is unsportsmanlike to touch him . " Reading that passage 35 years later , while rolling through the very forest that inspired the classic , the irony in that line finally clicks . When we hear the woof of a frightened deer and my guide kills the engine , my grown-up heart pounds once again . It is a sign that there may be big cats nearby . "  I wonder who will be the last person to see a tiger in the wild ? And are they alive today ? " These are the questions that launched this stop on "  The Wonder List , " and they led us to a much bigger question about life in the 21st century : Is the planet still big enough for man and man-eater ? India is about one-third the size of the continental United States , with four times as many people . That kind of human pressure has changed Kipling 's "  Law of the Jungle " in dramatic ways . According to the animal conservation group Born Free , there are more tigers in cages in Texas than in the forests of India . So I set out to understand how and why . Having covered the poaching of African animals to feed the huge market for Asian medicine , I assumed the demand for tiger-skin rugs in Dubai or tiger-bone wine in Beijing would be the biggest threat to this endangered cat . Can tigers claw their way back from the brink ? But it turns out that tiger-human conflict is a much bigger problem . Almost half a billion rural Indians have no plumbing and answer nature 's call by squatting in the forest . Most tiger attacks happen when these people are mistaken for prey , and most tiger kills come in the angry hours that follow , as friends and neighbors of the victim seek revenge . And so , a new specialty in conservation is the art of tiger conflict mediation . It is not easy to convince a frightened farmer that the cat that ate his cow is more valuable alive than caged or dead . But these efforts , along with a more pointed anti-poaching campaign , seem to be paying off . The latest tiger census counted 2,226 big cats in India , a 30 % increase over the previous count in 2011 . If the estimates hold , this would make India the only country in the world with a growing tiger population . But the human population is growing much faster . Maintaining a healthy population of apex predators is just one new challenge on a planet that will welcome a couple billion more people in just the next generation . You 'll be surprised by the others as we seek India 's magnificent treasures -- both natural and man-made -- on the next episode of "  The Wonder List . "	There are more tigers in cages in Texas than in the wild in India , a conservation group says Tiger-human conflict is a major problem affecting the big cats
CNN  -- West Indies pace bowling legend Michael Holding has launched a passionate defence of Test cricket , claiming that the 20/20 version of the game is threatening to completely destroy the five-day format . Speaking exclusively to CNN , Holding -- who has just released his autobiography "  No Holding Back " -- admitted he disliked the limited-overs game so much that he turned down television work on the recent world 20/20 championship in his native West Indies . "  I am not interested in 20/20 at all . Maybe I am an old fogey but I think it is destroying Test cricket , " said Holding . Blog : 20/20 broadening cricket 's appeal "  Kids should be playing Test cricket and then maybe progressing to 20/20 once established . But now , with all the money available in 20/20 , top young players are not going to be interested in playing the five-day game . "  When you can earn $ 800,000 for playing six weeks in the Indian Premier League  IPL  , why waste six years trying to earn that sort of money in Test cricket ? "  If this is n't controlled properly , Test cricket will die . When I was playing , people said : ` Test cricket is too slow , ' so they brought in 50-over one-day cricket . Now it 's down to 20-overs . What happens next ? 15 overs ? 10 overs ? . Holding also believes that Test cricket is not being helped by the way the sport 's governing body , the International Cricket Council  ICC  is managing the game . "  The ICC needs to see how football 's governing body FIFA runs things . The ICC are letting the Indian Cricket Board  BBCI  dictate how cricket is run and that is all wrong . India is where the money is in cricket at the moment but that does n't mean they should have a say in how cricket is governed . "  FIFA would n't let Brazil dictate how to run football and cricket should n't let India have more of a say just because they have money there . "  Basically , the ICC are governing cricket so badly that soon nobody will pay any attention to them at all . If Test cricket is boring it is because the ICC are handling the calendar all wrong . "  Bangladesh are playing a series in England soon , but who cares ? . Imagine there was a two-division system , six teams in each , with promotion and relegation . India to face Pakistan with the losers being relegated to Division Two -- now that would be a Test series to watch ! " Holding also told CNN that he would suspend any player found to have been betting on matches , although would stop short of banning them for life . "  No cricketer , in fact no sportsman , should be betting on matches -- to win or lose . If there is irrefutable evidence that a player has been caught betting on matches , they have to be banned . "  However , not for life , I believe in people getting second chances , but if it happened twice -- then ban them for life . "	West Indies bowling legend Michael Holding talks exclusively to CNN Holding believes that 20/20 cricket is threatening to destroy the Test game Holding also feels that the ICC should introduce a two didivisionest system
CNN  -- Diego Maradona was a mesmerizing presence on the pitch during four World Cup finals as a player . When he returned to football 's biggest stage in 2010 as coach of Argentina , it soon became clear that his capacity to entertain remained undimmed . His theatrical displays from the touchline during Argentina 's matches became one of the unexpected highlights of the tournament . Mike Hewitt , senior staff photographer at Getty Images , had a ringside seat as Maradona took charge for his first competitive World Cup finals match against Nigeria at Johannesburg 's Ellis Park Stadium . "  You just know that this was going to be a worldwide story , " Hewitt told CNN 's Sports Photo Masterclass series . "  I decided to try and sit as close to the dugout as I could get away with -- just to get a portrait or a reaction shot . I wanted to get in , get that feeling of what it 's like to be part of that bench when and if Argentina scored . " It 's quite a careful balancing act taking photos in these situations , " adds Hewitt . "  You do n't want to get too close and start upsetting someone . "  But Maradona did n't seem to care . I do n't think he even noticed I was there . " When Gabriel Heinze 's diving header had the net bulging in the sixth minute , Hewitt took his chance . "  Obviously , there 's a huge element of luck involved in it , " the photographer concedes , pointing to the substitute on the left of the photo who jumped out of the dugout when he celebrated . "  I 'm glad he did it there and not bang in front of Maradona or I would have missed the picture . " It 's an iconic image , he thinks -- one that brings Maradona 's World Cup story up to date . "  He 's a man that practically won it single-handedly for Argentina back in 1986  in Mexico  and then was banned , " Hewitt says referring to Maradona 's ignominious exit from the 1994 U.S. tournament after testing positive for the banned stimulant ephedrine . "  For him to them come back as coach for the Argentinian team -- the whole world wants to know what 's going to happen . " Maradona 's last finals as a player in 1994 was also the scene of Hewitt 's debut as a World Cup photographer . Back then he was still using film , sending reels back to the office for processing with pictures ready for clients usually within a couple of hours . "  In Brazil , I 'll be sending pictures instantly to the editors within a second of it actually happening , " says Hewitt . "  It will be edited and cropped and captioned and then beamed to the world so people have it in two minutes . " Technology has n't just helped make sports photography become more efficient , it 's also helped it evolve . "  You 're constantly under pressure because it 's a competitive industry , " adds Hewitt . "  There might be upwards of 200 photographers on the pitch and people are just looking for the absolute best image of a particular incident . " Hewitt , 52 , has thrived in that cutthroat environment , and came up trumps a second time in South Africa when he captured the moment Dutchman Nigel de Jong 's right boot violently connected with Spanish midfielder Xabi Alonso 's chest . "  It was a very feisty final . It happened very quickly , out of the blue , so I was just fortunate that I was in the right position to get the kung fu kick . " Sitting on the touchline level with the 18-yard line , Hewitt took the shot using his 400 mm lens . "  Because it was a night game under floodlights you 're shooting wide open -- a very large aperture -- so the depth of field on these images is very small , maybe about six inches . "  But it 's good because it throws the background out  of focus  completely and isolates the players very well . I must have shot it at about 1/1 ,000 th of a second . " De Jong escaped with a booking -- one of 14 in the match -- but the tackle became perhaps the defining image of the final which Spain went onto win 1-0 after extra time . "  It 's quite an iconic image from a World Cup final -- they do n't come around very often , " Hewitt says . "  There 's a large element of luck involved -- being in the right place at the right time -- but you still have to get the image . " Hewitt experience extends across the sporting spectrum with a portfolio that includes six Olympic Games , four cricket World Cups , four rugby World Cups and two round the world yacht races to his name . For now , another World Cup final at Rio 's Maracana Stadium awaits Hewitt . Not bad for a man who started out as an amateur snapper shooting park football on Hackney Marshes in east London . "  We get to go to some great places and cover some great events . I had the pleasure of photographing the Beach Soccer World Cup in Tahiti  in 2013  which was magnificent , " he says . "  It 's times like these where you think : ` well , life does n't get any better . ' " Next week , Mike Hewitt discusses an incredible image of Lionel Messi in full flow	Getty photographer Mike Hewitt captured iconic image of Maradona Former World Cup winner coached Argentina in theatrical style Hewitt also took image of stand out moment in 2010 final Nigel de Jong 's kung-fu kick on Xabi Alonso shocked those watching
China sent fighter jets into its newly claimed -- and hotly disputed -- air defense zone above the East China Sea on Thursday , the same day that Japan 's military firmly insisted its own patrols over the area would n't stop because of Beijing 's declaration . The People 's Liberation Army Air Force flew warplanes , including Su-30 and J-11 aircraft , into the "  air defense identification zone " that Beijing announced last week , air force spokesman Col. Shen Jinke said . A KJ-2000 -- an airborne radar early warning system -- also took flight . The Russian-developed Su-30 is a two-seat aircraft described by its manufacturer as "  a highly maneuverable fighter " capable of hitting ground and sea-surface targets . The Chinese-made J-11 is a single-seat fighter also capable of ground attacks . The fighter jets conducted "  routine air patrols ... aiming to strengthen monitoring on air targets in the zone and fulfill the air force 's historic mission , " Shen said in a statement posted on the Chinese defense ministry 's website . Jinke portrayed the mission as a "  defensive measure ... in line with international practices . " China 's military has been on "  high alert , " he added , and is prepared to act "  based on different air threats to firmly ensure air-defense safety . " What comes of Beijing 's latest foray over its controversial newly created zone remained to be determined early Friday . Still , some of its previous actions -- including the declaration itself -- have been met with staunch resistance by Japan and its longtime ally , the United States . On Thursday , Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said his nation 's Self Defense Force has used ships and planes to patrol and conduct surveillance in the East China Sea since before China claimed the air defense zone that covers much of the sea . And they would n't stop , he insisted . "  We have no intention to change this operation in consideration for China , " Suga told reporters . " ... We will continue the surveillance/patrol operation with strong determination to protect our territory against China 's one-sided attempt to change the status quo by force . " Japan is n't alone in disobeying China , which has warned military measures could be taken if planes entering the zone fail to identify themselves and submit flight planes to Chinese authorities . Two unarmed U.S. B-52 bombers recently flew through the area in what the U.S. State Department characterized as a planned military exercise . War of words China has grown more assertive beyond its recognized borders since Chinese President Xi Jinping took office about a year ago -- creating a delicate situation for Washington , which has promised to focus more on Asia and uphold commitments to its allies in the region . "  Unlike his predecessors , Xi is making foreign policy with the mindset of a great power , increasingly probing U.S. commitments to its allies in the region and exploiting opportunities to change the status quo , " Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , director of Asia-Pacific programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace , wrote in a commentary for CNN.com this week The United States and Japan have criticized Beijing 's air defense announcement , saying it escalates tensions in the region and raises the risk of an incident . They say they wo n't recognize the new zone . China hit back at those comments with strong words of its own , describing the U.S. and Japanese statements as unreasonable and unacceptable . After news of the U.S. flights emerged , the Chinese Defense Ministry responded cautiously Wednesday , saying it had monitored the planes ' activity on the edge of the air defense zone . The statement held back from criticizing the U.S. action . At a regular briefing later Wednesday , a journalist asked a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman if Beijing is concerned it will now be seen as a "  paper tiger . " "  I want to emphasize that the Chinese government has enough resolution and capability to safeguard the country 's sovereignty and security , " replied the spokesman , Qin Gang . Simmering dispute The bomber flights are the strongest American involvement yet in a festering territorial dispute in the region between China and Japan over a set of small , uninhabited islands in the East China Sea . After China 's air defense declaration Saturday , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel reiterated American support for Japan , where thousands of U.S. troops are stationed as part of a security agreement . He said the U.S. Japan Mutual Defense Treaty applies to the disputed islands , known as Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China . Uneasy encounters between Chinese and Japanese planes and ships have already taken place repeatedly over the past year near the islands , which are believed to have large oil reserves nearby . Tensions spiked after the Japanese government purchased some of the islands from a private owner in September 2012 , angering Chinese authorities , who saw the move as an attempt by Japan to tighten control . Hagel warned that China 's "  unilateral action " of declaring the air defense zone "  increases the risk of misunderstanding and miscalculations . " Amid the tensions , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will visit the region next week on a previously announced trip , stopping in Tokyo , Beijing and Seoul , South Korea . Why China 's new air zone incensed Japan , U.S. Difficult to monitor Monday 's U.S. bomber flights also highlight the challenges that analysts say China faces in policing its newly claimed air zone . In its statement Wednesday , the Chinese Defense Ministry said that "  China has the capability to exercise effective control " over the area . "  Beijing might have bitten off a bit more than they can chew because actually going out and monitoring these things on an ongoing basis is probably a bit beyond the capabilities of the Chinese air force right now , " said Greg Waldron , Asia managing editor of FlightGlobal , an aviation and aerospace industry website . "  In a sense , it 's more a rhetorical statement , as opposed to a realistic military space , " he said . Adding to the complications and confusion surrounding the zone , Japan 's two main commercial airlines said Wednesday that following a request from the Japanese government , they and other members of the Scheduled Airlines Association of Japan will not submit flight plans to Chinese authorities for flights through the zone claimed by Beijing . The two carriers , Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airways , said the association had concluded that there would be "  no impact " on the safety of passengers on board flights through the zone without the submission of flight plans to China . But Waldron said he was n't entirely sure about that . From a legal point of view , he said , the airlines probably do n't have to report their plans and follow all the rules requested by China . "  I think from a safety perspective , it 's a good idea for them to do so , " he said . "  Just in case . " ` The right of every country ' Since it declared the new air defense zone over the weekend , China has been busy making its case for why it feels the move was justified . It has pointed out that other countries already operate air defense identification zones in waters around their territory , noting that Japan has had a zone in place in the East China Sea since the 1960s . "  It 's natural , it 's indeed the right of every country to defend its airspace and also to make sure that its territorial integrity , its sovereignty are safeguarded , " China 's U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi said Tuesday . But analysts say that by declaring a zone that now overlaps with that of Japan , China has increased the likelihood of a high-risk incident in the air . China slams ` inappropriate ' U.S. remarks on territorial dispute with Japan	Official : China warplanes fly as "  defensive measure " into newly declared zone The planes include Su-30 and J-11 fighter jets and a KJ-2000 airborne system Official : China 's military has been on "  high alert , " will act in self-defense A Japan official says Japan will continue patrols/surveillance of the disputed area
CNN  -- A legal advocacy group sued the federal government Tuesday , seeking benefits for 15 gay and lesbian Massachusetts residents who wed after the state legalized same-sex marriage . A lawsuit contends the federal government is denying benefits to Massachusetts same-sex couples . Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders -- the same Boston-based group that successfully argued in 2003 for same-sex marriage rights in Massachusetts -- filed the lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Boston on behalf of six couples and three men whose husbands have died . The suit contends the federal Defense of Marriage Act denies them protections and benefits that heterosexual couples receive , including health insurance for federal employees , the ability to file as "  married filing jointly " on federal income taxes and Social Security spousal protections . Two other couples plan to file suit after they receive an anticipated rejection of their amended tax returns from the Internal Revenue Service , GLAD said . President Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act into law in 1996 . It effectively bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex unions by defining marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " and a spouse as "  a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . " GLAD 's suit addresses only Section 3 of the law , a portion that prevents the federal government from giving Social Security and other protections to same-sex married couples . GLAD says there are 1,138 federal laws in which marital status is a factor . Only Massachusetts and Connecticut allow same-sex marriage . Vermont , New Jersey and New Hampshire allow civil unions . One of the plaintiffs in the suit is Dean Hara , who was married to former U.S. Rep. Gerry E. Studds , the first openly gay member of Congress . The two legally married in 2004 , a week after Massachusetts began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . Studds , who by then had retired from politics , died in October 2006 . "  Gerry was a public servant for 27 years , worked hard for our country and paid as much into the system as anyone else , " Hara , 51 , said , according to the GLAD Web site . "  But after he died , I was treated differently than other surviving spouses . Every federal employee counts on their surviving spouses having basic protections , but the federal government denies me those protections because of DOMA . " Other plaintiffs include state trooper Sgt. Mary Ritchie and her spouse , Kathy Bush . They said not being able to file federal taxes jointly denies them deductions afforded to heterosexual married couples . "  We work hard , pay taxes , volunteer and do our part for our community . But the federal government still tells us we 're less of a family than other families in our neighborhood -- families Mary works to protect , " Bush said , according to the GLAD Web site . Others named in the suit include a postal worker who has n't been allowed to add her spouse to her health plan , a widower who has n't been able to collect his spouse 's Social Security payments and a Social Security Administration retiree who is denied health insurance for his spouse . The United States of America and several federal agencies are named as defendants .	NEW : Suit addresses section of law that prevents Social Security disbursement NEW : Plaintiffs include surviving spouse of former U.S. congressman Group says federal government denies same-sex couples benefits , protections Defense of Marriage Act bars federal recognition of same-sex marriages
Washington  CNN  -- The United States predicts the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , likely by pro-Russian rebels , will fundamentally shift the relationship between Russia and the international community . "  It is a game-changer , " one senior State Department official said . While Washington has stopped short of blaming Russia , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said Friday the United States believes the jet carrying nearly 300 people was downed by a surface-to-air missile fired by pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine . U.S. : Russia may have helped operate system Due to the sophistication of the Buk missile system believed to have been used , Power said it was "  unlikely that the separatists could effectively operate the system without assistance from knowledgeable personnel . " That means "  we can not rule out technical assistance from Russian personnel in operating the systems , " she added . Is there a Russian cover-up ? Officials said regardless of whether Russian operatives were manning the system , Russia bears responsibility for the attack because of its military and political support for the rebels . In recent weeks , Russia has intensified its delivery of sophisticated military equipment , officials said . "  While it may take us some time to firmly establish who shot down a plane filled with innocents , most  U.N. Security Council  members and most members of the international community have been warning for months about the devastation that would come if Russia did not stop what it started , if it did not rein in what it unleashed , " Power said . Another senior U.S. official said that the "  responsibility is Russia 's whether they had Russian personnel there or they gave them equipment and an instruction manual " on what to do . "  These separatist leaders are taking orders from Russia and  Russian President Vladimir Putin  has to realize the consequence of sending heavy and sophisticated weapons to a gang of sociopaths , extremists , violent thugs , nationalists and agents who are just given weapons and told to make chaos , " the official said . Why was the jet there ? The same official said that over the past 24 hours , Moscow has played "  the usual game of deflection , " noting it has put out "  nonsense stories to send people down a rabbit hole " and hamper the investigation . "  It 's not going to work , " the official said . "  The outrage is too deep and the evidence , including videos of separatists bragging about this , is too damning . They will have a hard time explaining this away . " President Barack Obama warned that without a stop in support to the rebels , Putin would face more international sanctions . The administration this week escalated sanctions on key business sectors of the Russian economy over Ukraine . Putin and the Russian government "  have to make a strategic decision , " Obama said on Friday . "  Are they going to continue to support violent separatists whose intent is to undermine the government of Ukraine ? Or are they prepared to work with the government of Ukraine to arrive at a cease fire and a peace that takes into account the interests of all Ukrainians ? " U.S. officials said it was unclear whether the incident could be a turning point in Russia 's support for the rebels , but stressed a tough message would be sent to Putin once the final determination is made about what happened regarding Malaysia Air Flight 17 . How will Putin respond ultimately , especially on personnel and weapons sent to Ukraine ? "  If he ever had an intention of backing off , this could be an opportunity for him to do that , " another U.S. official said . "  I do n't think he does have that intention , though . " Officials noted , however , the tragedy would likely close any gap between the United States and the European Union over how severe the international response should be toward Russia . "  This is very likely to harden views that Russia is not a problem , " one official said . "  If there were any Europeans who believe it had nothing to do with them , that Ukraine was merely a local issue , that will change . " CNN Flight 17 full coverage	The United States believes pro-Russian rebels shot down the Malaysia Air jetliner American officials say Russia bears the blame for supplying rebels with missiles A U.S. official said Russia ` will have a hard time explaining this away ' But it 's unclear how Russia 's Vladimir Putin will respond . Will he back down in Ukraine ?
Mashable  -- HP has announced a major new initiative and a slew of new devices that enable users to print from any device to a web-enabled printer by simply using e-mail . The idea -- which builds off the Google Cloud Print announcement we saw back in April -- starts with giving each printer its own unique e-mail address . That printer 's owner  and their designated family , friends , and colleagues  can then print documents by sending it an email from a smartphone , from a tablet , or any other device that allows it . Called HP ePrint , the technology eliminates the need for installing drivers and enables a variety of new apps and services . Putting Documents in the Cloud The new printers that HP is unveiling today along with ePrint can connect directly to Google Cloud using their touchscreen interface . That means users can print Google Docs directly from the cloud without using their desktop computer , as well as scan documents directly to their Google Docs account . Other Google services like Calendar and Picasa for photos are also supported . Similarly , Box.net and Docstoc users can also retrieve and push documents to and from the cloud through new print apps . A New Opportunity for Publishers Another area HP is exploring with the ePrint concept is scheduled delivery . This allows users to get content printed at specific times -- for example , getting a customized daily newspaper printed out every morning that they can take with them on the train . MSNBC has signed on as a partner to pilot this concept , and HP has teamed with Yahoo to sell the ads , which , you can imagine could include a mix of contextual advertising and locally relevant promotions and coupons . Another Platform for Developers Beyond productivity and news , initial apps include Facebook for printing photos and events and MapQuest for printing maps and directions . HP also sees a big opportunity for providing different types of activities for parents and kids , and to that end has signed on Crayola for coloring pages and PBS for a variety of education-driven printing . As for the market size for developers here , HP says it expects to ship , "  tens of millions of web-connected printers " by the end of next year . Currently , developers interested in building apps need to apply for access to HP 's SDK . Why 's HP Doing This ? Beyond selling printers , HP needs to sell ink . With more and more types of documents getting digitized and smartphones replacing former functions of printers  think coupons and tickets  , HP needs new ways to drive printer usage . Web-connected printers fill this need in a few ways . First , they connect to the ever growing cloud for business users and make their lives easier . Second , the email-to-print concept clearly has the potential to drive new kinds of usage , both from business users and consumers who do things like print photos and news . Finally , there 's also opportunities for developers to create sticky apps -- perhaps not on the scale we 've seen in mobile , but with HP betting the future of its printers on web connectivity , you can bet we 'll see some big winners emerge from the developer community . HP will dive into these topics at apress conference this morning to kick off Internet Week New York , where I 'll be moderating a panel with a number of the players involved in the new ePrint initiative . We 'll try and bring you video of the discussion later on . Disclosure : HP is a sponsor of Mashable 's Internet Week New York channel .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The idea builds off the Google Cloud Print announcement we saw in April It works by giving each printer its own unique e-mail address The new printers , along with ePrint , can connect directly to Google Cloud
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- For Miley Cyrus , star of Disney 's popular television series "  Hannah Montana " and its big-screen adaptation "  Hannah Montana : The Movie , " art is not far from real life . Miley Cyrus , here in "  Hannah Montana : The Movie , " says filming in Tennessee was relaxing . The 16-year-old actress and singer reconnected with her Southern roots for the filming of "  Hannah Montana : The Movie . " Traveling to Tennessee to shoot the movie , Cyrus said , helped keep her grounded . "  It actually gave me time to relax , and it was when my career was just starting to take off ... when I was just starting to travel , " Cyrus said . "  It was at a time when I needed to go back home and it could n't have been more of a perfect time . " In the film , opening in theaters Friday , Cyrus plays Miley Stewart , a typical teenage girl who lives a double life as a famous pop star named Hannah Montana . Eventually , Hannah begins taking over Miley 's life , leading Miley to take a soul-searching journey back home to decide what she really wants : notoriety or normality . Miley shares the screen with her father , country musician Billy Ray Cyrus , who felt that a trip home would be beneficial to his daughter . Watch Miley and Billy Ray discuss the film " "  This is definitely an example of art imitating life imitating art . ... It 's so important to be aware of where you 're at and be focused on where you 're going but , more importantly , never forget where you came from , " the elder Cyrus said . "  You ca n't fake going home . That was her home . " Both on-screen and off , Miley said , she and her father share a close friendship , calling herself a "  daddy 's girl 100 percent . " Between the endless tabloid headlines and the paparazzi 's persistence , keeping friends and family near at hand , Miley said , helps remind her of who she really is : "  I think just have good friends , good family and a good team . That 's what people miss the most , just having a good team . " Co-star Lucas Till , who plays Miley 's love interest in the film , remarked on Miley 's down-to-earth personality . "  She 's really nice and really -LSB- endearing -RSB- , and she really cares about people , " he said . "  She 's a good friend , very loyal . " The two shared an on-screen kiss that , Till said , "  could have been more meaningful . " Watch Till talk about kissing Cyrus " "  There was a lot more there to that kiss than you see , " he said . Asked whether Till was a good kisser , Miley replied , "  Meh , he 's OK . No , I 'm just kidding . I do n't know . I think I was too busy thinking about my next line to think about it . " During her film 's opening weekend , Miley is planning on surprising select audiences at undisclosed theater locations across the country . Moviegoers who see "  Hannah Montana : The Movie " this weekend could also be treated to surprise appearances by stars of the film , live performances and more . Miley said she was excited to give back to her fans . "  I have the best fans in the world , " she said . After playing "  Hannah " for three years , Miley said , she 's not ready to quit anytime soon . "  I ca n't be Hannah until I 'm 30 , but I want to keep doing it as long as possible , " she said . CNN 's JD Cargill and CNN.com 's Elham Khatami contributed to this article .	Miley Cyrus stars in a big-screen version of "  Hannah Montana " Much of movie shot in Tennessee ; Cyrus said it gave her "  time to relax " Cyrus kisses co-star Lucas Till in film but said she was focused on her lines
CNN  Holding onto the rails of a cage , we descend lower and lower into the coal mine . It is pitch dark , hot and humid . Every now and then a spray of water drizzles on us . The two-minute ride down seems much longer than that . Once we reach the bottom of the shaft , we begin a 3.5 kilometer walk underground to the site where miners are excavating coal . For almost an hour , we trudge through the slush , the light from our safety helmets the only illumination underground . Our protective clothes and faces quickly develop a black layer of coal dust . Coal is a polluting fossil fuel , which currently powers more than 60 % of India . The government produced 462 million tonnes of it last year and is targeting a billion tonnes by 2019 . Typically , the coal that burns in power plants across India is of poor quality , therefore more harmful . India is already the world 's third highest emitter of greenhouse gases . So why is India so hungry for coal ? Coal is abundantly available in India , which has the world 's fifth largest reserves . That 's still not enough to feed the country 's hunger for the fuel . Rapid industrialization and rising demands from the power sector are primarily leading to coal shortages , says Leena Srivastava , an analyst at the Energy and Resources Institute in New Delhi . India resorts to imports to plug the gaps . For the current financial year , national demand for thermal coal to produce energy has been estimated at 551.6 million tonnes , authorities say . Of it , at least 84.7 million tonnes is being met through imports , coal minister Piyush Goyal told the Indian parliament in December . The state-run monopoly Coal India Limited  CIL  accounts for more than 80 % of the output . Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's plans for future privatization of this crucial industry faced resistance recently , when CIL workers stopped work in January . The two-day strike -- the biggest of its kind in four decades -- not only severely limited the ability of the companies to meet their production quotas , but forced the government to go slow on reforms . Around 300 million Indians still live in darkness , without access to electricity . That 's the entire population of the United States . Coal remains an economical way to provide power , a cheaper fuel than several other sources . For now . Aware of international pressure to reduce its greenhouse gases , India is trying to ramp up alternative energy options . Blessed with months of sunlight , it 's giving solar energy a big push . The current government has announced plans to produce 100 gigawatts of solar energy by 2022 . Compared with the three gigawatts India produced last year , it seems ambitious . But Anand Prabhu Pathanjali , a renewable energy campaigner for Greenpeace India , believes it can be done . "  By making the policy regulations more transparent and increasing investments on infrastructure this megafigure of 100GW can definitely be pulled off , " he says . However , in order for it to happen , policy makers , regulators , solar companies , roof-top owners and off-grid users must cooperate . India is also moving ahead with a civil nuclear deal with the United States . Progress was made when U.S. President Barack Obama visited New Delhi last month but it will take years for nuclear energy to power India in a significant way . It 's a balancing act for Modi , who has to manage international pressure regarding climate change on the one hand , and domestic pressure at home to illuminate lives and homes in India . Deep underground , miners work around the clock , seven days a week to power the country . It 's hoped in the future , newer , greener technology will be in place to spare the environment and share the load .	India has the world 's fifth largest coal reserves , but not enough to feed demand for fuel Amid pressure to reduce emissions , the country is trying to ramp up alternative energy options Around 300 million Indians still live in darkness -- equivalent to the entire U.S. population
"  I am the shooter . " Maj. Nidal Hasan made that blunt declaration Tuesday at the outset of his court-martial in the 2009 massacre at Fort Hood . The Army psychiatrist is charged with killing 13 and wounding 32 at a processing center for soldiers heading into combat zones overseas . "  The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter , " Hasan told the panel of 13 senior officers who will decide his fate . "  The evidence presented with this trial will show one side . The evidence will also show that I was on the wrong side . I then switched sides . " But the declaration was n't exactly news to now-retired Staff Sgt. Alonzo Lunsford , who was shot seven times that November day . Lunsford , the first of several survivors scheduled to testify against Hasan , recounted how the now-admitted gunman rose from a chair in the processing center , pulled out a pistol and began shooting . "  It was a state of panic , " Lunsford said . A civilian doctor , Michael Cahill , tried to hit Hasan with a chair to stop the shooting ; Hasan shot him dead . Soldiers tried to flee or take cover inside the processing center as Hasan fired dozens of shots . As Lunsford was checking behind him , "  Major Hasan is turning the weapon on me , " he said . "  He has a laser on his weapon and it goes across my line of sight and I blink . In that time , he discharges his weapon . The first round , I 'm hit in the head . " A second shot caught Lunsford in the back . He decided to play dead for a while before changing his mind and deciding to run for the door . He made it out of the building but was shot five more times outside , he testified . Hasan continued shooting at Lunsford even as he was receiving first aid outside the processing center , before police arrived . Officers shot and wounded Hasan , ending the rampage and leaving him paralyzed from the chest down . What is a court-martial ? A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings . Prosecutors hope to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . Hasan did not want to deploy to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " said Col. Michael Mulligan , the lead prosecutor in the case . Investigators found 146 spent shell casings in the room where the attack began , Mulligan said . Hasan carried two laser-sighted pistols and 420 rounds of ammunition , his pockets lined with paper towels to muffle the sounds of the magazines banging together , he said . Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions At the outset of his assault , Hasan cried out "  Allahu Akbar ... and starts shooting at the soldiers sitting defenseless in chairs , " Mulligan said . Internet searches on Hasan 's computer used keywords like "  terrorist killing , " "  innocent , " "  Quran , " "  fatwas " and "  suicide bombings , " Mulligan said . Hasan is representing himself in his court-martial and could be sentenced to death if found guilty . As his own attorney , he 'll be cross-examining witnesses -- perhaps including some of those he has now admitted shooting . He did not cross-examine Lunsford , however . He told the panel in his opening statement , "  We mujahedeen are trying to establish the perfect religion . " But , he added , "  I apologize for the mistakes I made in this endeavor . " Hasan told his family he had been taunted after the al Qaeda attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Investigations that followed the killings found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemeni-American radical cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . The case was first set to begin in March 2012 , but it has been delayed repeatedly -- notably over a previous judge 's unsuccessful demand that the beard Hasan has grown while in custody be forcibly shaved . Other soldier on soldier attacks Among others scheduled to testify include Chief Warrant Officer Christopher Royal , who survived the shootings with two bullet wounds to his back . The slugs left him with nerve damage that numbs his left arm and leg and sends streaking pains "  shooting up and down my back . " It 's also left invisible scars as well -- post-traumatic stress that has hurt his ability to perform his duties as a computer specialist and left him unable to feel safe in his own country . "  I really feel more comfortable downrange . I really do , " said Royal , who served in Iraq four times and in Afghanistan once . "  I think I would be more comfortable living in Iraq right now than living in the United States . " Royal escaped the gunfire only to go back into the processing center in an attempt to tackle Hasan . "  I had escaped without being wounded , " Royal said . "  I got ... in the parking lot , and then I said , ' I ca n't let him get away with this . ' And I was n't even thinking that I did n't have a weapon . I just knew that I could n't let him get away . " Lunsford said Tuesday he encountered Royal outside the building . "  I ask him , ` Am I out of the building yet ? ' He says I am , and to play dead , " Lunsford testified .	A "  state of panic " erupted when the shooting began , survivor says Hasan kept shooting outside the processing center , witness says "  The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter , " Hasan admits Hasan launched a "  jihad " against his comrades , prosecutors said
CNN  -- The Michael Brown case has great significance because it is yet another in a growing line of tragedies that further demand a conversation about our civil liberties within the criminal justice system . It has highlighted a massive lack of trust that exists between police and minorities . We must face the inconsistencies and the biases that remain if we are ever to move towards a system worthy of the trust it needs to succeed . Only by doing so can we end the devastating loss of life that is becoming an all-too-common occurrence . We have another opportunity to become focused on and vocal about the changes that are necessary . It is only by bringing those problems to the forefront and into the harsh light of constant and public critique that we can hope to make a better system . I still contend our criminal justice system is the best in the world for dispensing true justice , but , like every facet of the American democratic experience , it can use polishing . However , I reject the notion that the system is incapable of dispensing justice in cases where young , unarmed black men and women are killed . With my experience representing George Zimmerman as a backdrop , I 've been following a number of cases that have overtones of Ferguson , and I know that we have made progress : Earlier this month , Michael Dunn received a life sentence for the murder of Jordan Davis in the so-called "  loud music " trial . In January , a grand jury indicted Officer Randall Kerrick on voluntary manslaughter charges after fatally shooting unarmed Jonathan Ferrell . And on August 7 , a jury in Michigan convicted Ted Wafer of second-degree murder for shooting Renisha McBride on his front porch . The verdict came just two days before the Michael Brown shooting . Black victims , white shooters . Certain commentators have suggested we should skip the grand jury and that Officer Darren Wilson must be tried before a jury . While I laud the idea of having open trials , thereby allowing the public to view that the process works fairly , it is dangerous to short-circuit justice because of media attention or social pressure . We gave the Ferguson shooting an enhanced social significance before we knew all the facts of the case , facts we still do n't know . The grand jury should not consider the broader social issues ; they should focus on the facts . And if they decide , solely on the facts , to indict Wilson , only then should he stand trial . But in light of the recent press leaks regarding evidence in the case , most now suggest an indictment is not likely . I fear that those who equate justice with nothing other than an indictment of Wilson are allowing deep-seated predispositions against the system to infect how they define justice . We should not be asking for reparations at the cost of putting a thumb on the scales of justice in favor of convicting , or even charging , someone who does not , based upon the facts as viewed dispassionately , deserve it . I do not suggest trust in this system merely to quell the voices of criticism or to forestall the feelings of frustration . Rather I contend it is the only answer . So , what happens if the grand jury decides not to indict Darren Wilson ? District Attorney McCullough committed that he will release all of the transcripts of the proceedings . This will give all the witness testimony , forensic evidence , and other information presented from which they decided not to indict . Transparency here is absolutely necessary . The Federal officials should not interfere with that release . If Wilson is not charged , there will , undoubtedly , be a backlash . Many people consider an indictment as a step for justice -- not only in this individual case -- but in the larger effort of balancing the racial inequities in our justice system . Conversely , a failure to indict Wilson will be seen as an indictment of the system . But that point of view is not only wrong , it is dangerous . I fear that pinning significant civil rights issues to the facts of this case may serve only to foster more mistrust in the system . It will create a greater racial divide , and it will create another generation of disenfranchised young black men and women who are less willing to become police officers or legislators or attorneys or judges at the very time that we need their leadership most . If the grand jury decides not to indict , they will do so because they concluded Officer Darren Wilson 's shooting to be justified based upon his and Michael Brown 's actions . While it is considered callous and insensitive to review the actions of a deceased person , it does none of us any good to ignore facts , should they exist . By doing so , we lose the lessons that may be learned from a dispassionate analysis of what actually happened that day , not what we as individuals , or we as communities , want to believe happened . The decision to indict or not can be a catalyst for us to move further apart , or it can be seen as an opportunity to critically analyze how these tragedies are occurring and how to stop them in the future . That choice , no matter how it may go against the grain of our emotions , is a voluntary one , but we must decide on the latter .	Grand jury hearing Michael Brown case ; some believe there wo n't be indictment Mark O'Mara says it 's important to let the process play out Case should be decided on the facts , not as a proxy for racial justice issues , he says
RollingStone.com  -- U2 have been announced as the headliner for the first night of the 2011 Glastonbury festival , one of the world 's largest outdoor music events . The band will join Coldplay and Beyonc at the top of the festival 's bill , which will take place June 24th-26th in Somerset , England . Rolling Stone : Three decades of U2 U2 were originally scheduled to perform at last year 's Glastonbury festival but had to drop out when Bono injured his back . Gorillaz were brought on as a last-minute replacement headliner . Rolling Stone : US 's magazine covers U2 's Glastonbury performance will fall in the middle of the next American leg of their 360 stadium tour . Given that they would need to bring their elaborate production overseas and back again in the span of a couple days , it seems safe to say that the band will be abandoning their 360 stage for this performance . In other U2 news , an early song written by the band when they were known as the Hype will appear on the soundtrack to "  Killing Bono , " a comedy film about the two members of the Hype who did not go on to join U2 . The song , "  Street Mission , " has been bootlegged by U2 fans for years . Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Glastonbury Festival is one of the world 's largest outdoor music events U2 originally scheduled to perform at last year 's Glastonbury festival but did n't Seems safe to say the band will be abandoning their 360 stage for this performance
Former employees of Sony Pictures Entertainment have filed four lawsuits against the company following a massive security breach . The suits alleged Sony was negligent because it did n't prepare for a massive cyberattack despite warnings and previous security breaches . The two other suits were filed but were not available for inspection Saturday . Michael Corona and Christina Mathis 's complaint put the situation in dramatic terms : "  An epic nightmare , much better suited to a cinematic thriller than to real life , is unfolding in slow motion for Sony 's current and former employees : Their most sensitive data including over 47,000 Social Security numbers , employment files including salaries , medical information , and anything else that their employer Sony touched , has been leaked to the public , and may even be in the hands of criminals . " The suits were filed December 15-19 . Four are class-action lawsuits , meaning the plaintiffs want the suits to include all other former and current employees affected by the breach , not just themselves . The plaintiffs contend that stored information about former employees was compromised . Forever vigilant How many people would be included in possible class-action lawsuits is unknown . A complaint by Michael Levine and Felix Lionel said information about 47,000 current and former employees and their family members had been posted online recently because of hacking linked to North Korea . Another complaint estimated 15,000 current and former employees were affected but said the number could only be determined by company records . Sony Pictures did not respond to a CNN request for a comment Saturday ; it declined to comment in a Friday Washington Post story about the lawsuits . The complaint filed by Levine and Lionel says employees and family members "  will have to remain vigilant for the rest of their lives to combat potential identity theft . ... " Despite efforts to scrub the personal records from the Internet , the information will be "  forever recoverable by anyone who wishes to find them . " The information "  contains the most intimate details of personal and professional lives including ... medical records , Social Security Numbers , birth dates , personal emails , home addresses , salaries , tax information , employee evaluations , disciplinary actions , criminal background checks , severance packages , and family medical histories , " the complaint says . Suits : Previous hacks occurred The former employees say Sony should have known the system had a problem because of previous hacks . A breach occurred in January 2011 when hackers made the PlayStation game Modern Warfare 2 unplayable through the PlayStation network , the complaint by Corona and Mathis says . In April 2011 , hackers stole millions of user accounts from the PlayStation video game network , their complaint says . The hacker group Anonymous warned Sony of that impending breach weeks in advance , the complaint says , but Sony did n't implement safeguards to protect the system . The company settled a class-action lawsuit over the April 2011 breach for $ 15 million in games , online currency and identity theft reimbursement , the complaint says . Hackers struck again in August 2014 , taking down the PlayStation network and Sony Entertainment Network , the complaint says . Sony has received warnings more recently , according to a complaint by Susan Dukow and Yvonne Yaconelli . North Korea issued warning North Korea 's ambassador to the United Nations warned Sony that release of its movie "  The Interview , " in which Americans try to assassinate North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un , was tantamount to "  an act of war " and threatened a "  decisive and merciless counter measure , " according to their complaint . U.S. seeks China 's help against North Korean cyberattacks Sony executives knew that producing a movie about an attempt on the life of an existing world leader "  would cause a backlash , " the complaint says . The chronology of the most recent hacking is described in all of the lawsuits . A group of hackers called the Guardians of Peace took over Sony 's network on November 24 . The hackers displayed their own messages and skeleton image and the words "  Hacked by #GOP , " said Dukow and Yaconelli 's complaint . On November 27 , five Sony films , including four that had not been released , were shared online . On December 1 , the pre-bonus salaries of the top 17 Sony executives were leaked along with files showing the salaries of 6,000 current and former employees , the suits contend . On December 3 , files showing passports and visas of cast and crew members were put online , along with film budgets and confidential contracts . On December 2 and 5 , company leaders acknowledged the personal information was compromised , but said they were n't sure how seriously , the Corona-Mathis complaint said . ` Your family will be in danger ' Sony announced Wednesday that "  The Interview " would not be shown in theaters . Two of the four lawsuits ask that Sony be ordered to provide five years of credit monitoring , identity theft insurance and other services . One of the suits seeks $ 1,000 for each violation of a California law that requires companies to keep medical information secure . All four suits seek unspecified damages and attorney fees . Republicans to theaters : Do n't be bullied , show ` The Interview ' The FBI says that North Korea is responsible for the cyberattack . An FBI investigation linked the malware , infrastructure and techniques used by the Guardians of Peace in the Sony attack to previous North Korean cyberattacks . The hackers broke into Sony 's servers , published private emails and information , and threatened to attack movie theaters screening "  The Interview , " a comedy film about an assassination plot on North Korea 's leader . North Korea denies being responsible . On December 5 , employees received an email from the Guardians of Peace saying they needed to support the group by signing their name to an online document , the Corona-Mathis complaint said . "  If you do n't not only you but your family will be in danger , " the email said . Three suits were filed in U.S. District Court in California and one in Los Angeles County Superior Court . No hearing dates were listed .	Sony Pictures faces lawsuits following security breach Four suits say Sony should have expected and prepared for a cyberattack Previous security breaches had occurred as early as April 2011 , the suits say Medical records , tax forms and Social Security numbers were put on the Internet
Rolling Stone  -- Early one morning the sun was shining and she was lying in bed , wondering why he had her cash and if her hair was still red . An idea for a song bubbled , and she was n't sure if this one should be about heartbreak , revenge or the old get-into-the-groove thing . And then -- light bulb ! -- why not multitask it ? That was her therapy , after all . Failure ? Not an option . Resistance to her will ? Futile . The husband who was no longer there ? Well , it was nice sometimes to imagine his head popping like a melon . Till death and all that . Now -- where did she put her phone ? Yup , "  MDNA " is our lady 's divorce album . Seven out of 16 songs address her split directly , and that 's low-balling if you think the chick with "  fake t *** and a nasty mood " in "  Some Girls " could be the lingerie model who became Guy Ritchie 's new baby mama . Revealing herself has always been part of her art , and this is hardly her first album that 's dark , messy and conflicted . But "  MDNA " stands as Madonna 's most explicit work . Only who would have expected her to be this explicit with her ... feelings ? How explicit ? "  Wake up , ex-wife/This is your life . " "  I tried to be your wife/Diminished myself , I swallowed my light . " "  Lawyers/Suck it up/Didn ' t have a prenup . " "  Every man that walks through that door will be compared to you for evermore . " She 's been personal , but never this detailed before . In part , it 's an old punk-rock impulse : Show the world no one can hurt you more than you hurt yourself . Except she has cross-wired exposure and pain , which gives this set of confessions their discomforting immediacy . As the beats swirl , Madonna pursues release , vows to rise above and wishes things had turned out differently . She also sings about new love  fits like a glove  , and asks for someone to lick the frosting off her cake on "  B-Day Song . " The music chases the latest articulations of club-land ecstasy , but often returns to the blend of synth-driven electro and Sixties-pop classicism she 's staked out since "  Like a Prayer . " Back after a 12-year layoff is William Orbit , who handles the most pained tracks  including "  Gang Bang , " which b * tch-slaps Ritchie 's shoot - 'em - up aesthetic with a nod to "  Kill Bill "  . New in town is Martin Solveig , the French producer behind the cheerleader fantasy of "  Give Me All Your Luvin ' " who is forced to curb his love of Prince , in service of sounding like William Orbit . Handling the big dance-floor tracks are Italian duo Benny and Alle Benassi , who put the empty boom of the club into songs like "  Girl Gone Wild . " Hooks emerge quickly ; there 's lots of naughtiness for the DJ to bring back , and the music has depth that rewards repeated listening . The first impression is a desperation most people will mistake for Madonna 's old impulse for commercial connection . That 's never far away , but this is something far more personal . There 's something remarkable about Madonna 's decision to share her suffering the way she once shared her pleasure . Her music has always been about liberation from oppression , but for the first time the oppression is internal : loss and sadness . Stars -- they really are just like us . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	"  MDNA " stands as Madonna 's most explicit work She 's been personal , but never this detailed before As the beats swirl , Madonna pursues release , vows to rise above
CNN  A decade ago al Qaeda would meet potential recruits face to face ; now ISIS engages in one-to-one dialogue while sat 2,000 miles away . With what it says is a $ 2 billion budget , the group produces slick videos in which sexy bearded jihadists are paraded as potential husbands and burka-clad jihadi brides carry Kalashnikovs while extolling the virtues of the utopian Caliphate and a "  guaranteed ticket to paradise . " Aqsa Mahmood , 19 , left home for university one morning in November 2013 never to return . Instead of going to classes , she travelled to Syria ; last February she married a jihadi fighter , and since then she has become a notorious poster girl for ISIS . What is so unusual about Aqsa is that she was given every chance in life : privately educated and offered freedoms that many other Muslim girls would envy . And while most were quick to condemn the Mahmood family for missing the signs of radicalization , 18 months on they remain none the wiser as to what prompted her to run away -- Aqsa 's parents had actually warned their children of the need to avoid extremist websites . Following the terror attacks in London on July 7 , 2005 , the then Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted those responsible were motivated by an "  evil ideology , " a "  perversion of Islam that promoted absurd grievances , " and that they had nothing to do with the war in Iraq , but he was wrong : the Iraq "  adventure " opened the gates of hell , and today young Muslims are being seduced by an updated narrative . For over a decade mosque leaders have been asked to eradicate extremism but they are no more than glorified gatekeepers whose lives bear little relevance to those of most modern day Muslims . The need to tackle radical preachers has crushed political debate and created a dangerous vacuum which is now being filled outside of mosques . Every new atrocity is invariably followed by useless public statements of sorrow from so-called "  Muslim leaders , " further increasing the anger felt by the younger community -- successfully drawing young Muslims away from the path of violence takes more than routine declarations that "  Islam is a religion of peace . " It is easy enough to dismiss the words of wannabe radical jihadists as little more than the posturing of nihilistic adolescents , but the steady stream of recruits to ISIS can not be ignored . Several years ago al Qaeda recruitment propaganda included videos of men with long beards ranting in Arabic in front of a black flag , followed by grainy footage of a truck blowing up as it drove towards Americans . It was n't particularly effective as a recruitment tool , but then they only needed a handful of recruits to change our society for ever . Today ISIS runs a powerful , slick , modern social media machine distributing messages daily across many different platforms . Their propaganda contains the same violent , distorted interpretation of Islam but it is more advanced than anything al Qaeda ever produced , and the authorities can not police it or compete with it . For many , the greatest shock has been young girls like Aqsa wanting to leave behind their Western comforts and freedoms to join ISIS , but why should it be a surprise that young Muslim women are as angry as their male counterparts ? There is no single road map to recruitment , but for a teenager becoming a Jihadi bride or fighter is much more appealing than becoming a suicide bomber , however distorted that logic may seem to us . Full of adolescent frustration , young Muslims are being lured into a romanticized and glamorous world which bears no relation to the misery actually inflicted by ISIS . It does n't matter if the narrative is false , because ISIS is winning the propaganda war : the inability of the mainstream to deal with the anger felt by the Muslim community provides cannon fodder for the hatemongers . ISIS is left unchallenged on double standards of foreign policy , Israel , rendition , torture , or Assad 's reign , which has left 200,000 dead , because there is nothing that Western governments can say without being accused of duplicity and double standards . Aqsa 's family describe her as a "  bedroom radical " of the type the British Government has been desperate to combat by trying to shut down websites and social media . Yet last year the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence found "  little evidence to support the contention that the internet plays a dominant role in the process of radicalization . " A concentration on social media avoids the real world social relationships which help create terrorists . Many young Muslim people asserting their identity in an Islamophobic society detest the hypocrisy of their elders , whose cultural and sectarian traditions they consider irrelevant to modern day Islam . While mosques pay lip service to the "  brotherhood of man " they exclude 50 % of the community by discouraging women from attending , and anyone below the age of fifty is told to shut up and show respect . As for racial unity , it is at best tokenistic and at worst institutionally racist . Young British Muslims live a schizophrenic existence , stuck between their immigrant parents ' cultural identity and that of the West which does n't want them . Extremists exploit this identity crisis by offering them a new life . Most parents would n't know if their teenagers were drinking or having sex , let alone being groomed by ISIS ; many young Muslims -- already adept at living a double life -- will hide their digital footprint in exactly the same way . In many cases , there is tremendous relief for parents when a teenager comes home one day and announces she is becoming religious , rather than saying she is pregnant or on drugs , but it also gives rise to a false sense of security . The failure to deal with the grooming of underage girls by ISIS is a child protection issue : when a paedophile makes contact with a child , he builds up trust over several months , convincing the child not discuss anything with her parents . When the time is right he convinces the child to leave her family and join him . The process is identical in radicalization by ISIS . Thousands of young people across Europe are at risk of being trafficked to Syria for marriage and holy war . In any other situation , they would be regarded as children -- yet pin the ISIS label on them and the knee jerk reaction is one of condemnation . The exploitation of the politics of fear combined with tougher terror laws has created a climate of fear for Muslims who are portrayed as threatening a "  civilized " way of life . We are quick to forget recent history : the disastrous treatment of the Catholic community in Northern Ireland produced a sense of burning injustice which acted as a recruiting sergeant for the IRA for more than four decades . Today , Muslims are being dealt with in the same way .	Lawyer Aamer Anwar says ISIS 's recruitment tactics differ widely from those of al Qaeda ISIS engages in one-to-one dialogue with potential jihadis while sat 2,000 miles away : Anwar Group runs a slick , modern social media machine distributing messages on different platforms
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- Ghana is n't the easiest place for people with disabilities . They are often viewed with suspicion , deemed unlucky , untrustworthy , or without value . "  Unfortunately , we associate disability with all manner of negative influences : with witchcraft , with the devil , with bad karma , " explains Max Vardon , who formerly headed Ghana 's National Council on Persons with Disabilities . "  They get relegated to the sidelines . The schooling they should get , the support from their families they should get , they do n't , so life is very difficult for them , " he adds . Lately , however , a number of Paralympic athletes are hoping to use sport to change public perceptions . One of the leading spokesmen for Ghana 's physically challenged is Charles Narh Teye , one of a handful of Ghanaian para-athletes who competed in the London 2012 Paralympics . Narh Teye had both his legs amputated when he was one-month old . Today , he is a professional body builder who also owns his own gym . "  With the gym , I love it when people see me with my disability training able-bodied people , " says Narh Teye , who is now training himself for the Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro . He uses his earnings to reinvest in Ghana 's para-sports , an area he admits is under-financed . "  We do not have a qualified para-powerlifting bench here in Ghana , so we make do with the ones that able-bodied people use . Of course , that reduces our input and output . " A new game ? Another group looking to bring attention to the cause is The Rolling Rockets , Ghana 's skate soccer team made up of polio survivors . "  The sport is appreciated . I would say , in this country , it is admired by so many people , " says Albert Frimpong , the team 's coach . Skate soccer does n't yet have Paralympic status , though it has garnered some attention in the last couple of years . In 2012 , the story of the Rolling Rockets inspired a Kickstarter campaign for the documentary Rollaball . Earlier this year , the team was featured in a documentary and advertising campaign by Chevrolet . Frimpong initially formed the team to help get the men off the street . "  The idea was to get them to stop begging , to improve their lives . I was hoping to use soccer as a way to set up business - and income-generating projects for them , " he recalls . Since then , his vision has expanded somewhat . "  One of the dreams is to organize an African Cup of Nations , the first ever in the world here in Ghana , " he admits . "  We can get a big FIFA car to bring people here to come and watch , and the world will finally see them exhibiting their talent . " The next generation The Accra Rehabilitation Centre is currently one of the few institutions working to provide economic opportunities to the country 's physically challenged . The center is particularly keen to get their members involved in sports , not only for confidence-building , but for the sponsorship opportunities as well . "  We have so many people with disabilities who have competed on a world stage , and because of that , they are being introduced to heads of state , " says Vardon . "  They have acquired a livelihood for themselves and for their families that they did not have before . " Another novel academy , called Right to Dream , is also hoping to nurture Ghana 's future para-sportsmen . Headed by Raphael Botsyo Nkegbe and his prot  g  , Maclean Atsu Dzidienyo -- both internationally recognized wheelchair racers -- the academy aims to educate Ghana 's disabled community , and nurture their talent for sport . "  We work with some very disadvantaged kids in Ghana , and they come from environments where they do n't actually know what opportunities are out there in the world . So when you bring them here , and tell them if you apply yourself you can achieve amazing things in life , they do n't understand , " says Nkegbe . "  Those who are competing are the new generation . They are the people taking over the baton . "	Charles Narh Teye lost both his legs as an infant . Now , he 's a Paralympic body builder Like other disabled athletes in Ghana , he is investing in the future of Paralympic sports The Rolling Rockets are a Ghanian team of ` football ' players with polio Their coach hopes the sport will achieve Paralympic status
CNN  -- Former Miami Dolphins player Chad Johnson is to be arraigned Thursday on a misdemeanor domestic battery charge , prosecutors in Florida said Wednesday . Johnson is charged with first-degree misdemeanor domestic battery in the alleged head-butting last month of his new wife . The charge carries a maximum penalty of one year in jail , according to the Broward State Attorney 's Office . A day after the alleged incident August 11 at his home in Davie , Florida , where he lived with his wife , Evelyn Lozada , the Miami Dolphins released the longtime NFL wide receiver . He played a preseason game the day before the incident , but had not participated in a regular season game with the team . No reason was given for his release . Johnson and Lozada , a cast member on the VH1 reality TV show "  Basketball Wives , " married on July 4 . Their time together was to be featured in a new series on that network . Lozada files for divorce That reality show , "  Ev and Ocho , " was canceled shortly after the alleged head-butting , VH1 said on its website . According to the arrest report that the Davie Police Department released last month , Lozada returned to the couple 's home from grocery shopping shortly after 7 p.m. August 11 and noticed a receipt with a charge for a box of condoms . The couple then began talking about the sales receipt and their marriage , according to the arrest report . "  As they were talking , Johnson became upset and without  his wife 's  permission , grabbed her and butted her on the forehead , causing a laceration , " the police report said , giving her account . After trying to calm down a screaming Johnson , his wife said she ran "  to a neighbor 's house to get away from " him . A Davie police officer soon responded and found Johnson 's wife with an approximately 3-inch cut in the middle of her forehead . Officer Christopher Epps then questioned the football player , the arrest report said . Johnson confirmed there had been an argument , saying his wife had been yelling and that "  she then head-butted Johnson . " Johnson did not have "  visible marks or bruises , " the arrest report said . His wife indicated she wanted to press charges , signing an affidavit of complaint , according to police . She was taken to Westside Regional Medical Center in Plantation , Florida , to be treated . The football player was known as Chad Ochocinco -- a Spanish-language take on his jersey number , 85 -- before his marriage . The prolific tweeter , with four posts on August 11 alone , though none about the incident , is known as much for his vibrant personality as his play on the field . He starred in VH1 's "  The Ultimate Catch , " a 2010 reality dating show in which he considered potential female mates in a tournament-style format . Johnson spent his first 10 seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals , earning six Pro Bowl selections . The southern Florida native spent last season with the New England Patriots , then signed in the offseason with the Dolphins . Lozada : Domestic violence is not OK CNN 's Jane Caffrey , Douglas Hyde and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	Former Miami Dolphins player Chad Johnson is to be arraigned Thursday He is charged with misdemeanor domestic battery He faces up to a year in jail Reality show with new wife was canceled after he allegedly head-butted her
CNN  -- Both pro- and anti-government demonstrators mobbed British Prime Minister David Cameron as he visited northern Sri Lanka on Friday , CNN affiliate ITN reported . ITN 's Bill Neely tweeted that there was "  full-scale chaos " as Cameron left a library in Jaffna , with "  hundreds of screaming " protesters and police pushing people to the ground . During Sri Lanka 's 26-year civil war , Jaffna , the capital of Northern Province , was a stronghold of the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam and a frequent battleground for clashes with government troops . Cameron is in Sri Lanka for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting . The summit opened Friday amid concerns about the rights situation after Sri Lanka 's war with the Tamil rebels , which ended in 2009 . The prime ministers of Canada , Mauritius and India opted not to attend . Cameron issued a statement Thursday saying he saw his attendance as "  an opportunity to raise our concerns clearly and directly , and to focus the eyes of the world on Sri Lanka . " He also reiterated calls for an investigation into alleged human rights abuses during and after the war . Announcing Cameron 's northern visit this month , UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said four years after its war ended Sri Lanka is "  still a country where civil society is suppressed , where  nongovernmental organizations  and the media are routinely intimidated , where journalists and critics of the government have disappeared , and where no one has been held to account for alleged war crimes including rape and sexual violence . " The north , Hague said , was "  where some of the worst fighting and suffering occurred , and thousands of people are still displaced from their homes . " On Friday , Cameron tweeted : "  I 'm the first PM or president to go to the north of Sri Lanka since 1948 . I want to shine a light on chilling events there first hand . "  Political leaders in the north of Sri Lanka tell me they are glad I 've come to help highlight what is happening here . " Read more : Sri Lanka envoy slams rights criticism ITN 's Neely said the protesters who surrounded Cameron included both mothers of Tamils who had disappeared and pro-government protesters with signs saying "  no interference " and "  leave us in peace . " As many as 70,000 people were killed in Sri Lanka 's war . In its final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of the north where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . A U.N. report in 2011 said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left a large number of civilians dead . The number of civilian deaths and injuries are unknown to this day , and U.N. figures greatly differ from those in reports from Sri Lanka 's government and various nongovernmental organizations . In his statement Thursday , Cameron said : "  Together we must say clearly to the government of Sri Lanka -- our hosts -- that there must be accountability for the past and respect for human rights today , " he said . "  Four years on from the end of the civil war and defeat of the ` Tamil Tigers , ' a brutal terrorist organization , there has been nowhere near enough improvement . We need to see more progress : genuine freedom of expression and the media , an end to the intimidation of journalists and human rights defenders , action to stamp out torture , demilitarization of the north and reconciliation between communities . "  And of course we need to see a thorough investigation into alleged war crimes . " On Friday , David Mepham , the UK director of Human Rights Watch , told CNN 's Atika Shubert that calling for an international inquiry into what happened at the end of the war was one of the most important things Cameron could do . "  The Sri Lankans have their own process which is a bit of a joke -- there 's a total lack of accountability -- so there needs to be an international inquiry . In addition to this , the UK needs to put real pressure on the ongoing human rights abuses in Sri Lanka today . " In an interview that aired Thursday on CNN 's "  Amanpour , " Sri Lanka 's high commissioner to the United Kingdom , Chris Nonis , denied that an independent international inquiry is needed . "  We respect the independence and sovereignty of your country , and we expect you to respect ours . We do n't need an international investigation when we have had a vibrant civilization for 2,500 years . We have perfectly educated people , and I think we 're perfectly capable of carrying out our own domestic inquiry , " he told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen . Nonis pointed to the 2011 "  Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission " report , which Sri Lanka 's president ordered . "  It 's a very holistic , very comprehensive , very impartial report . It had over 5,000 hearings , and it 's set within the principle of international humanitarian law , incorporating the principle of distinction and the principle of proportionality . " Nonis said the report had been released in full despite containing criticism of successive governments and the government had gone "  a substantial way " toward implementing some of its recommendations . The Commonwealth is a voluntary association of 53 nations that initially formed out of what had been the British Empire . Its charter focuses on developing "  free and democratic societies and the promotion of peace and prosperity to improve the lives of all peoples of the Commonwealth . " Heads of member governments meet every two years .	Sri Lanka is hosting the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting It follows criticism of Sri Lanka 's human rights record after long civil war with Tamil rebels The prime ministers of Canada , India and Mauritius opted not to attend British Prime Minister David Cameron said he would attend to focus attention on Sri Lanka
