Washington  CNN  -- The sister of presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. testified Tuesday that she has seen no sign that her brother represents a danger to himself or others . Diane Sims , who said she loves her brother , said she supports a proposal that would expand his visits to their mother 's home in Williamsburg , Virginia , and might eventually allow him to live there as a full-time outpatient . But she said she does not think it would be a good option for him to move to the Dallas area , where she lives . "  President Bush lives not 10 minutes from me and I think it would be a concern , " said Sims , apparently referring to concerns the Secret Service might have . Former President George W. Bush and his wife , Laura , moved to Dallas after they left the White House . Sims said she has no worries that Hinckley would be a risk to others in Dallas . U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman asked if it is accurate she is worried about her brother 's personal safety in Dallas , since that is the city where President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 . "  That 's a concern to me , " Sims said quietly . She also said she thinks a move to Dallas would place Hinckley too far away from the medical experts who have cared for him for many years . Hinckley 's sister testified on the fourth day of a multiple-day hearing to discuss his future . Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shootings of President Ronald Reagan , press secretary James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy , and police officer Thomas Delahanty . All of those men survived , though Brady was shot in the head and left permanently disabled . Hinckley was staying at the home of his sister and her husband in Dallas on October 13 , 1980 , when , according to testimony in his 1982 trial , he went to a pawn shop to buy two .22 - caliber revolvers , one of which he used to shoot Reagan and the others five months later . Only days before the purchase , three guns had been confiscated from Hinckley 's luggage while he was trying to board a plane in Nashville . Hinckley posted bond , was released and flew to New York City , then spent the night in New Haven , Connecticut , where actress Jodie Foster was a college freshman student . He flew to Dallas to stay that weekend at his sister 's home while she and her husband were away at a football game . On that Monday , Hinckley told her he was going out to look for a job , but , unknown to her , he bought the guns instead . The gun purchase was not mentioned in court Tuesday , and the government has not said it would be more dangerous for Hinckley to live in Dallas than anywhere else . Since his conviction , Hinckley has been living in St. Elizabeths , a government mental hospital in Washington . But in recent years he 's been allowed to visit his mother 's home with increasing frequency . Currently , he spends 10 days a month in Williamsburg . Under the proposal made by St. Elizabeths he would be granted two visits of 17 days each followed by six visits of 24 days . The hospital 's recommendation for Hinckley 's eventual release on convalescent leave asks the judge to allow Hinckley to live full time in Williamsburg "  at the discretion of the hospital " once the eight longer visits have been completed successfully . The report was filed with the court under seal on July 29 and was not made public until Tuesday . The doctors signing the report said such leave would be permitted only upon an assessment , at the end of the new visits , that "  Mr. Hinckley is experiencing a good mental status and that he does not present as -LSB- sic -RSB- a danger to himself or others . " If so , the recommendation said , Hinckley would be "  conditionally released to reside permanently on convalescent leave . " He would be required to meet at least once a month with a psychiatrist who is already counseling him in Williamsburg and to continue his weekly visits to a therapist there . He would also be expected to continue his volunteer activities at Eastern State Hospital . However , the filing said , should Hinckley violate the terms of his convalescent leave , "  the hospital will return him to total inpatient care with due notification of the court . " If the judge were to grant convalescent leave at the hospital 's discretion at the end of the eight longer visits now requested , it would be unlikely to happen until at least the fall of 2012 , since as the filing requires a minimum two-week interval between each of the new visits . Hinckley would be expected at the outset to live with his widowed mother , who is turning 86 this week and is in good health . However , the hospital said should his "  mother not be available " after Hinckley 's release , his brother and sister had expressed interest "  in the housing options of independent apartments as well as Assisted Living Facilities ... in the Williamsburg area . " Sims often spends time in Williamsburg when Hinckley is there and drives him back to St. Elizabeths . She was asked many questions about how the 56-year-old fits into the Virginia community . She said he feels comfortable there and has indicated he wants to stay there even when his elderly mother is no longer there . According to Sims , Hinckley likes working part time in the library of Eastern State Hospital and is comfortable with the psychiatrist and case manager/therapist he sees while in Williamsburg . Under questioning , Sims acknowledged the family does not permit a woman identified in court only as CB to visit the Hinckley home . Hinckley at one time told some of his caregivers at St. Elizabeths that he was engaged to CB , who had been a patient there . Hinckley later ended the engagement , doctors have said . Prosecutors described CB as being psychologically unstable and asked if it was accurate Hinckley 's mother does not allow her to visit for fear she would have a mental breakdown at the home . Sims said that is the case . Sims said her brother never told the family he was engaged and -- quite to the contrary -- has said he 's not engaged and has no plans to marry the woman . She said she is aware her brother still sees CB sometimes when the woman visits St. Elizabeths . Previously the court heard testimony that Sims had taken her brother to a singles group meeting in Williamsburg a number of years ago , and he was asked to leave . Sims said she wanted to set the record straight about what happened . She and her brother believed members of the group knew they were coming , but that was not the case , she said . The group was surprised to see Hinckley there , she said . But she said all the members were in their mid-70s and her brother would not have fit in . Sims said that when her brother goes out in the community he usually has no problems with people who recognize him . "  He 's not bothered by people , he 's not pointed out , " she told the court . She said , "  He does n't bother anybody " either . She said Hinckley and his family members find they are able to go to certain restaurants where people know who they are but are welcoming . "  In general , the people in town have been very tolerant , " she said . Last week , prosecutors said Hinckley had not told the truth about deviating from his approved itinerary to go to a movie while on his few hours of permitted unaccompanied time . According to a report by Secret Service agents who were watching Hinckley without his knowledge , on one outing last July , Hinckley did not attend a movie and instead went to a bookstore where he passed by an aisle of books that included an account of the day Reagan was shot . The judge noted the report did not indicate that Hinckley read that book or any similar books . "  The subject was not observed picking up and looking at specific books , " the report says . "  One item of note is the subject stopped for a time and looked at the shelves in the American History area that contain several books about President Reagan and his attempted assassination . " Hinckley 's sister said she had accompanied him to bookstores and never saw him look at any books like that . She said he gravitated to books on music and art . But in response to questioning by a prosecutor , she said she was n't aware Hinckley had failed to go to the movies as planned on two occasions , in July and in September . Sims was asked if she ever noticed Secret Service agents keeping an eye on Hinckley . She replied the only time she has noticed surveillance is when she drives Hinckley out of her mother 's gated community and back to St. Elizabeths . She said agents are always waiting in a vehicle and follow along . But at the end of a March 2011 visit , the Secret Service was not waiting , she said . According to Sims , about midway through the trip to Washington , Hinckley 's brother , Scott , got a call on his cell phone from an agent who said he had been late . Sims said the agent asked the Hinckley family 's location and requested that they wait for him to catch up . Sims replied the family did and was happy to cooperate with the Secret Service . CNN 's James Polk contributed to this report .	NEW : Hospital staff makes release recommendations John Hinckley 's sister says she supports letting him eventually live in Williamsburg She says he feels comfortable there and is accepted by many community members Hinckley has been hospitalized since he shot President Reagan in 1981
CNN  -- Rick Santorum is emerging as a tragic hero of American conservatism : so much potential , such bad luck . His victories Tuesday night demonstrate what might have happened if the Republican Right had coalesced around him for the past month instead of the hyperbolic Newt Gingrich . But a counting error in Iowa delayed his momentum , and it 's only now that the Republicans are realizing just how good a candidate he can be . Unlike Gingrich , Santorum is more than just an anti-Romney vote . People actually seem to like him , and it might have something to do with those nostalgic sweater vests that he wears . Combined with his old school moralism , he sometimes comes off like a sitcom dad of the "  No long-haired hippie is gon na date my daughter ! " variety . While Romney 's victory speeches are polished tedium , Santorum 's sound like they 're being shouted angrily at a terrified prom date running for his life down the asphalt drive . Beyond the great visuals , Santorum is also very good at articulating how conservatives feel about things . Mitt Romney 's rhetoric is full of sunbeams and star-spangled banners ; the coziness of his brand is epitomized by the fact that 2 % of Americans think his first name is Mittens . In contrast , Santorum 's voice quivers with a righteous anger that is more appropriate to this political season . Most conservatives do n't see the economic issues framing this election as being purely about economics . They see a cultural dimension to Obamanomics that poses a challenge to their way of life -- and Santorum taps into that . He 's done a great job of exploiting the administration 's attempt to require Catholic organizations to provide contraception coverage to their employees , ratcheting up the rhetoric and calling the president a latter-day Big Brother . His charge that Romney likewise mandated Catholic hospitals to provide emergency contraception to rape victims exploits Republican suspicions that Romneycare and Obamacare are interchangeable . It 's notable that Santorum 's breakthrough has come in the GOP Midwest heartland . He 's made a case that Romney is a Republican In Name Only , and many people are buying it . The mix of fury and folksy is working wonders for Santorum this week , but can he take it all the way to the convention ? Probably not . Tuesday 's contests gave him no delegates and were won under special circumstances . Newt Gingrich was n't even on the ballot in Missouri , and it helped that Gingrich and Romney put all their resources into South Carolina and Florida , which allowed Santorum to focus exclusively on Tuesday 's caucuses and manufacture a little momentum on the sly . Even with these wins under his belt , Santorum will struggle to catch Romney . The two big primaries left this month are Arizona and Michigan , states that heavily favor Mittens . Santorum is rising fast in national polls  up 5 % in a few days , according to Reuters  but is still in fourth place . His bigger problem is that consensus rests with Gingrich being the heavyweight anti-Romney candidate . Santorum has to overcome a fear about splitting the conservative vote if he is to emerge as the right-winger du jour . All this amounts to Santorum being the "  coulda-shoulda-woulda " candidate of 2012 . If only his victory in Iowa had been reported accurately , he might have had bigger momentum going in to New Hampshire and South Carolina . And if only conservatives had coalesced around him rather than Gingrich , he would be the front-runner . And if only Republicans voted on the basis of what they believe in rather than what they think is electable ... The possibilities are fascinating but will probably be largely academic . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley says Santorum is tragic conservative steeped in potential -- and bad luck He says Santorum popular , but GOP denied him momentum by GOP after Iowa results snafu He says Santorum 's Midwest victories still leave him chasing Romney , who 's well positioned Stanley : If GOP backed him , if Iowa results had been accurate , he might have had momentum
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- A second typhoon in a week pounded the Philippines over the weekend , weakening Sunday only after prompting evacuations , causing severe flooding and contributing to at least one death , officials said . Typhoon Nalgae , known locally as Quiel , lost some strength by Sunday morning , though it still had maximum sustained winds of 130 kph  80 mph  , with gusts recorded 30 kph  18.6 miles  stronger , according to an 11 a.m. Sunday advisory from the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Administration . At that point , its center was 290 kilometers  180 miles  west of Baguio City . The storm comes on the heels of Typhoon Nesat , which left 52 people dead and hit 34 provinces Tuesday , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction Management Council . The two typhoons have affected about 3 million Filipinos , according to the nonprofit humanitarian group , World Vision . "  The immediate need is ready-to-eat food and water , " said Jay Mijares , a spokesman for the group . "  Survivors have no means to cook food . We are seeing a mass exodus of people looking for food , there is no supply , and on top of that their livelihood is disrupted . They have money but there 's just nothing to buy . " The latest typhoon -- Nalgae -- made landfall in Dinapigue , in Isabela province , on Saturday morning , the disaster council said . It moved past the Asian island nation by Sunday , forecasters said , after having brought rain of 15-25 millimeters per hour  0.6-1 inch  in many areas . The heavy rains caused a landslide Saturday that swept a passenger van off a highway , killing one man and injuring one more , the disaster council said At least 850 families , or roughly 3,500 people , in the provinces of La Union and Pangasinan were affected by flooding , according to a Sunday morning update by the council . Over the course of the weekend , the storm forced the closure of a number of bridges and made a number of roads impassable in the cities of Calasiao and Dagupan on Luzon island , according to the disaster council . Affected residents are being evacuated from those communities and others , including Santa Barbara . Officials suspended operations at ports in Balanan , Batangas , Lucena , Puerto Real , Kawit and Calapan City , the disaster council said . Service was expected to be restored at some ports by late Sunday morning , the council said . By Sunday , gates were opened at four dams that had reached their spillage levels , the council said . World Vision said Saturday that it had to postpone some of its relief efforts from the first typhoon due to Nalgae , with two of three emergency teams set to deploy once the storm passes . Another team is in Bulcan province , most of which is "  still submerged " from heavy rains from the first typhoon that struck days earlier . Sherbien Dacalanio , a CNN iReporter in the Philippines , described one area of Manila as being devastated by Nesat . "  The damage is shocking . It 's like a damage brought by earthquake and tsunami , " Dacalanio said . CNN 's Ivan Cabrera and journalist Arlene Samson-Espiritu contributed to this report .	Heavy rains in latest typhoon cause a landslide that sweeps a van off a road , killing 1 Gates are opened at four dams that have reached maximum containment , officials say At least 52 people were killed by Typhoon Nesat , which hit earlier this week
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- A man who provided legal advice to 10 American Baptists accused of kidnapping 33 Haitian children after the earthquake there was arrested Thursday night in the Dominican Republic and accused of human trafficking , the country 's anti-narcotics agency said Friday . The man , identified as Jorge Torres-Puello , is linked to a network that trafficked in Haitian and Central American children and is wanted in the United States , El Salvador and Costa Rica , the National Drug Control Agency said . Torres-Puello had been hiding in the Dominican Republic after he was accused of using the country to take Haitian children to North America , it said . Members of the drug agency took Torres-Puello , also known as Jorge Torres Orellana , into custody without incident at 8 p.m. in the parking lot of a McDonald 's restaurant in the capital , the news release said . Torres-Puello is a Dominican who was born in New York , it said . "  According to documents of authorities in the United States , the Dominican Republic as well as El Salvador and Costa Rica , this person is an important part of a network of traffickers of undocumented people , especially women and children from Central America and the Caribbean , " the news release said . Torres-Puello faces charges in the United States of conspiracy to take foreigners into the country illegally , it said . In El Salvador , he and his wife , Ana Josefa Ramirez Orellana , face charges of presumed sexual exploitation of minors and women , it said . Ramirez Orellana is jailed in El Salvador . The drug agency said Torres-Puello forced Nicaraguan and Dominican children to work as prostitutes in El Salvador . Torres-Puello is also wanted in Vermont on alien smuggling offenses and in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , for probation violations for fraud , the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency said . He is also wanted in Canada . Shortly after the American missionaries were arrested in Haiti on kidnapping and abduction charges , Torres-Puello contacted their church in Idaho , identified himself as a legal authority on Haitian and Dominican law , obtained a retainer and began representing himself as their attorney/spokesman , the U.S. agency said . But Torres-Puello is not registered in the country 's College of Lawyers , implying that he was practicing without a license , the Dominican drug agency said . In February , law enforcement authorities in El Salvador suspected that the missionaries ' legal adviser looked like a man they were seeking , and asked Interpol to help . The international police agency coordinated the efforts of various agencies that resulted in Thursday 's arrest , the ICE statement said . In a phone interview last month with CNN , Torres-Puello acknowledged he is the same man wanted by Salvadoran authorities but denied the charges against him . "  I never did anything , " Torres-Puello said . "  I started helping a Dominican pastor helping a lot of people who were stranded to get back to their home countries . We once gave some Nicaraguan and Costa Rican women some money to return home and instead they went to the authorities and put in a complaint against us . I never had anybody against their will . " He also denied Salvadoran allegations that he and his wife ran a brothel out of their home . "  I know I am innocent and I want to clear my past , " he said . Journalist Diulka Perez contributed to this story from Santo Domingo .	Jorge Torres-Puello gave legal advice to missionaries in quake case Torres-Puello arrested in Dominican Republic , accused of human trafficking He is linked to network that trafficked in Haitian and Central American children , officials say
CNN  -- Budget-conscious travelers rejoice : Hostels are n't what they used to be . Forget cafeteria-style meals , windowless rooms and the college dormitory approach to decor . Think more along the lines of handcrafted cocktails by the pool , complimentary bike rentals and design so stylish you 'd swear you were in a boutique hotel . In other words , the modern-day hostel will wow you . But get this -- they are still affordable . Plus , many offer the same amenities as hotels : private rooms , concierge service , Wi-Fi , restaurants , bars and more . Kex Hostel -- Reykjavik , Iceland Good things happen when a group of buddies , including filmmakers and former soccer players , get together to design a hostel inside an old biscuit factory . Their grand scheme : to create a place where locals and travelers could hang out , have beer and experience the awesome quirkiness of Reykjavik . The result : a cult following . More often than not , guests will catch a band playing in the bar area or at Gym & Tonic , a small venue within Kex equipped with old-school punching bags  it also doubles as an art gallery and movie theater  . Then there 's the occasional pop-up concert . In fact , Russell Crowe once showed up to belt out some tunes with rock legend Patti Smith . Even comedian Ben Stiller has been seen there nursing a pint of local stout . Do n't worry : There are peaceful activities , too . Like yoga and meditation . There 's even a retro barbershop so you can go home looking snazzy . Skulagata 28 , 101 Reykjavik , Iceland . From about $ 25 . Digging deep : 15 ancient ruins you might not know U Hostels , Madrid -- Madrid The fact that this hostel is in a 19th-century palace should tell you something . The fact that the owner is a former backpacker himself will tell you even more . In other words , the space is unique and inviting and caters to its audience . Better yet , it 's within walking distance of Madrid 's uber-trendy Malasana , Fuencarral and Chueca neighborhoods . Inside the hostel , the whitewashed walls are bright and inviting . The rooms are spacious and stylish with a clean , minimalist design . Bike rentals are available as well as group outings to flamenco shows and free tours of the city each morning . At the end of the day , kick back in the hostel 's private cinema room . Or check out the chillout zone , which is stocked with books and a huge magnetic map , where you can plot your excursions for the next day . Not your cup of tea ? Grab a cocktail at the onsite bar and make a beeline for the rooftop terrace . C / Sagasta , 22 , 28004 , Madrid . From about $ 20 . Generator Venice -- Venice , Italy This high-style hostel , in a 19th century grain house on the island of Giudecca , has loads of character and plenty of history . Outside , it has the charm of yesteryear and views of Laguna Veneta , the enclosed bay of the Adriatic Sea . Inside , there are exposed , original wooden beams , worn metals and cozy seating . Thrifty hipsters will appreciate that this place has n't skimped on design ; there are customs decor elements throughout that make for a fun , creative atmosphere . Better yet , freebies abound . Guests get complimentary Wi-Fi , continental breakfast , secure lockers , live music and art shows . And the in-house cafe serves Venetian-style tapas , filling pasta dishes and glorious focaccia breads . Fondamenta Zitelle 30133 , Venice , Italy . From about $ 21 . Discover the world 's most visited museums Freehand Miami -- Miami Beach , Florida This super stylish gem of a hostel complete with vintage furniture and lush tropical hangout space is housed in a 1930s art deco building . Each of the 60 rooms  some private , some shared  is handcrafted with a fun boho-chic vibe with colorful Mexican serape throws and handmade rugs from Peru . Here , it 's easy to get to know your fellow travelers out by the veggie garden , the palm tree-lined pool or at art class . Plus , it 's only a block from the beach . Do n't worry , the activities concierge is always around so you wo n't miss out on any pingpong games or bocce ball tournaments . 2727 Indian Creek Drive , Miami Beach , Florida . From $ 35 . Plus Florence -- Florence , Italy Step out onto the terrace of this hostel , and you 'll be smiling from ear to ear . The 360-degree view of Florence is superb . Grab a fruity cocktail at the Opera Terrace Bar and gaze at the Duomo , Fiesole , Piazzale Michelangelo and Palazzo Vecchio to name a few . Best part is , if you want to hop over to these landmarks , you can . They are all within walking distance . In the summertime , you can do laps at the outdoor pool . Come wintertime , there 's an indoor pool . Plus , you can kick back in the sauna and Turkish bath  not usually found in a hostel  or burn some calories in the fitness area . Via Santa Caterina D' Alessandra , Florence , Italy From about $ 28 . Sand sculpture shindigs : A bucket list Hostel Suites Florida -- Buenos Aires Hostel Suites Florida will win you over from the get-go . For starters , it offers free shuttles from the airport . And once you get to the hostel , there 's a travel agency inside so you wo n't waste any time booking tango lessons , free walking tours and Spanish classes . Not only will you be highly entertained , you will also get a wallop of Argentine culture in the form of massive prints throughout the hallways . As you walk to your room , you 'll see the likes of Eva Peron , Che Guevara , Diego Maradona and more . When you 're ready to venture out , you are in the perfect spot . Hostel Suites Florida is in the heart of Buenos Aires on Florida Street , a popular area jampacked with shops , restaurants and bars . And it 's within walking distance of Obelisco and Plaza de Mayo . 328 Florida St. , Buenos Aires , Argentina . From about $ 18 . HI Whistler -- Whistler , British Columbia This ultra-modern hostel was built specifically to house athletes during the 2010 Winter Olympics . So , needless to say , it 's pretty impressive . For starters , all rooms come with flat-screen TVs . Not to mention , some pretty dreamy vistas of the Coast Mountains . There is a large dining room just off the kitchen with lime-green and white chairs and tables , modern art and photography on the walls . On this level you 'll also find the games room with a fireplace , comfy sofas and Internet terminals . The cinema-style TV room , with a 52-inch high-definition television , is on this level , too . Of course , it does n't hurt that it 's only a 15-minute drive from the slopes . You can even store your equipment on-site in a large storage area . Beyond snowboarding , the hostel hosts group bike rides , group hikes , poker nights and even yoga sessions  pay by donation  . 1035 Legacy Way , Whistler , British Columbia , Canada . From about $ 30 .	Kex Hostel in Reykjavik , Iceland , has a retro barbershop U Hostels ' rooms are spacious , stylish and have a minimalist design The terrace at Plus Florence has a 360-degree view of the Italian city Hi Whistler was built to house athletes during the 2010 Winter Olympics
CNN  -- Composer Hans Zimmer comes from a long line of atheists . So he was n't looking to beat anyone over the head with "  The Bible " -- his latest score , for the breakaway hit on the History Channel . Zimmer is known for , among other things , his signature "  BRAAAM " -- an ominous bass drone cue associated with the "  Inception " trailer -- well known in the movie business for punctuating almost every major action movie in the last few years . "  It 's over every trailer ! " Zimmer laughed when talking to CNN . "  It 's funny how that sort of thing becomes part of the zeitgeist . But I suppose that 's exactly what trailers are looking for : something iconic , lasts less than a second , and shakes the seats in the theater . We 've seemed to unleash some sort of genie . " On this new project however , Zimmer said he wanted to stay away from anything so obvious . Zimmer and his composing partner Lorne Balfe also wanted to stay away from anything that might feel rooted in a specific time period , eschewing the classical music references that had informed many of his previous scores . "  If you listen to Verdi , if you listen to Berlioz , if you listen to Mozart , if you listen to anybody else -- Bach for that matter -- who has dealt with religious music , there 's always a reflection of the style of their time , " Zimmer said . "  And in a funny way , ` The Bible ' is supposed to be a reflection of how we in our time relate to this material . We felt like if we could figure out a sound that was sort of timeless , and sort of absent of whatever is fashionable at the moment , that would be a good start . " Because the scope of the "  The Bible " was so huge , with stories that span thousands of years , "  10 hours is not that long to tell a monumental story like this . " So while it was n't long enough on the one hand to tell the stories  which , despite not being religious himself , he deemed "  powerful " with a "  great meaning of morality "  , it was still longer than most of his projects . To get a handle on it , he decided thinking smaller was the way to go . "  Rather than look at the daunting enormity of it , you find some inspiration in some little corner of the movie , just so you get a foothold , " he said . For additional inspiration , Zimmer turned once again to Dead Can Dance 's Lisa Gerrard , who added her haunting vocals to the Golden Globe-winning "  Gladiator " score . Zimmer mentioned Gerrard to producers Mark Burnett and Roman Downey who were very supportive of the idea . At first , Zimmer said , Gerrard said she was really busy , "  but as soon as I said , ` Would you like to work on ` The Bible ' with Mark and Roma ? ' it was as if none of the other stuff mattered . She was instantly on board . This was something she 's always wanted to do . " With the shoot taking place in Morocco , and production offices based in Los Angeles , the in-between point for the group became London . "  Lorne , Lisa , Mark , Roma , and myself , whenever anyone found a moment , we could meet up in London and throw out ideas , " Zimmer said . "  It was like a band . " The process was loose and unstructured -- "  very different from how I work on a movie normally , " Zimmer said . A lot of improvisation was involved , as the composers moved through different textures to find "  some sort of specificity . " "  What the music is trying to do is maintain the idea that throughout these 10 hours , you get to feel something , " he said . "  We 're not telling you what to feel . We 're just inviting you in . The music is trying to open doors . " And open doors , it did . "  To Mark and Roma 's credit , they did n't care if this was going to be a success or not , " Zimmer said . "  When we started , there was no money and no belief in the project , other than our own . Their enthusiasm carried the day . They just wanted to do this , and they were just going to do it , which is the right reason to do a project . " "  The ones where you say , ' I need to do this . I ca n't sleep if I do n't do this . I ca n't do anything else , ' those are the ones with the most chance of being successful . I love working with people who do n't care about the money , who do n't care about the danger of failing , who just go for it . That 's what made me do it . Fearless people are the best to hang around with . "	Hans Zimmer composed the music for "  The Bible " He said he was going for a sound that was timeless Zimmer says the composing process was "  very unstructured "
Washington  CNN  -- Republican sources say they 're in a Catch-22 situation on how to reply to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's claims that GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney went 10 years without paying taxes . They understand that they 're taking Reid 's bait and that responding to his unsubstantiated claims against Romney keeps alive the issue of Romney 's refusing to release his tax returns . Still , these GOP sources say they feel that if they do not respond to such a serious charge from such a high-ranking Democrat , it will look like a tacit admission Reid is right . Republicans stepped up attempts to undermine Reid 's unsubstantiated allegations Monday , saying Reid and other Democrats ' accusations are being orchestrated by President Barack Obama 's campaign -- specifically his senior campaign adviser , David Axelrod . To that end , Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer noted that Axelrod visited Senate Democrats for their weekly lunch last Tuesday . Later that afternoon , a Huffington Post story was published with Reid 's allegations about the presumptive GOP nominee not paying any taxes . Opinion : Why wo n't Romney release more tax returns ? "  You 've got to wonder if the so-called source is Axelrod himself , " Spicer said . "  Hours after meeting with Axelrod , Reid comes out and makes baseless accusations ? " Axelrod flatly denied that allegation , calling it "  completely false " and saying he "  never had any such discussion . " "  Instead of pointing fingers in every direction , they can put the whole matter to rest by simply observing the standard George Romney and a generation of candidates have set by releasing the returns , " Axelrod said . In a separate article posted Monday , the Huffington Post reported that it interviewed Reid days before Axelrod 's visit , making any influence from the top Obama official 's Capitol Hill visit impossible . By trying to tie Reid 's remarks to the Obama campaign , Republicans are trying to hit Democrats where it could hurt most : the president 's credibility . That comes after the GOP response to Reid got increasingly hostile and personal over the weekend . "  I 'm not going to respond to a dirty liar who has n't filed a single page of tax returns himself  and  complains about people with money but lives in the Ritz-Carlton here down the street , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said on ABC News . "  And the fact that we 're going to spend any time talking about it is ridiculous . " Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina also used the "  L " word to describe Reid 's statements , which were repeated on the Senate floor later in the week , saying the majority leader is "  making things up . " "  What he did on the floor of the Senate is so out of bounds . I think he 's lying about his statement , of knowing something about Romney , " Graham said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Big GOP convention roles revealed As for Reid , he tried to turn the focus right back to where he wants it . "  This whole issue is not about me , " Reid said in his home state of Nevada on Monday . "  Mitt Romney 's the first presidential candidate since his dad ran not to release his income tax returns . He 's released one income tax return , and that points toward the Bahamas , Switzerland and a few other foreign countries . This whole controversy will end very quickly if he releases his income tax returns , like everybody else has done . " Romney has released his tax return from 2010 and an estimate from 2011 . He has vowed to release his full 2011 return once it 's completed , but he will not release past years ' , as previous presidential candidates have done . Meanwhile , Reid chief of staff David Krone insisted Monday , again , that he knows who Reid 's source is -- and that the source is credible . "  I know who this person is , and if I thought this person was not credible , I would say something to Sen. Reid . I would try to shut it down . This person is credible , " Krone said . "  This person has asked Reid to protect the confidentiality of this person , but it 's real , " he continued . "  This person told him this . This person said it to Sen. Reid . " Multiple Democratic sources insist that Reid made the allegations against Romney on his own but also admit the Obama campaign is not telling him to back off . Sources close to Reid say he knew full well he would be challenged by Republicans and the media for accusing Romney of not paying taxes for 10 years but not offering any proof . But these sources say Reid did n't care -- in fact , he was eager to do it . Growing up impoverished in a trailer with no running water in Searchlight , Nevada , Reid literally fought his way out as a boxer . As a politician , he has never been afraid to punch below the belt , especially when he dislikes someone personally , and by all accounts Reid has a strong personal disregard for Romney . Obama debuts ` Romney Hood ' Through the years he has called President George W. Bush a loser and a liar , named then-Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan a political hack and gone after Sen. John McCain during the 2008 presidential race as someone too temperamental to be president . But Republicans say this time , Reid took it too far , not only because he wo n't back up his accusation beyond citing a confidential source but because he chose to attack Romney on the issue from the Senate floor . Romney himself pushed back against Reid 's accusations twice last week , insisting that he has paid a lot of money in taxes -- and telling the majority leader to either "  put up or shut up . " CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Senate Majority Leader Reid says Mitt Romney went 10 years without paying taxes Republicans push back against Reid 's unsubstantiated claims , calling him a liar GOP sources say they know they 're playing into Reid 's hands by responding but feel they must Reid often pulls no punches when going after an opponent , especially one he dislikes
CNN  -- Hurricane Richard made landfall just south of Belize City Sunday night , said CNN Meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . She said the eye of the hurricane hit land around 7:45 p.m. CT  8:45 p.m. ET  , some 20 miles  35 kilometers  south-southwest of Belize City . The storm known as Richard intensified in the Caribbean from a tropical storm into a Category 1 hurricane as maximum sustained winds increased to 90 miles per hour , the National Hurricane Center reported . The storm is expected to weaken as it moves inland . Monday , it is seen moving across northern Guatemala and into southern Mexico . The Belize National Emergency Management Organization said Sunday all public buses have stopped running and advised private cars to also get off the road . It urged people living in Dangriga , a town in southern Belize , and in vulnerable parts of Belize City to seek shelter immediately . All vessels should remain in port , the organization also advised . Belize , a small country in Central America popular among tourists for its pristine beaches and coral reefs , has a hurricane warning in effect , the National Hurricane Center reported . A hurricane watch is in effect for areas along the east coast of the Yucatan Peninsula . Along with hurricane force winds , the main threat from the slow-moving Richard is the large amounts of rain it will dump on Belize and the Yucatan Peninsula . It is expected to produce three to six inches of rain with local amounts totaling 10 inches . These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mud slides , especially in the mountainous terrain . Hurricane Richard is expected to weaken over land and reemerge in the Bay of Campeche as a tropical depression . Conditions are not favorable for redevelopment in the extreme southwestern Gulf of Mexico . The National Hurricane Center expects Richard to continue to dissipate into a remnant low . "  It is not a concern for the U.S. , " said John Cangialosi with the hurricane center . "  Even if it does get into the southern Gulf of Mexico , a very strong wind sheer of that area will continue to weaken the system . " A wind sheer is caused when winds go in different directions , causing the storm to weaken . CNN Meteorologist Monica O'Conner and CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : Hurricane Richard makes landfall with sustained winds of around 90 mph NEW : It came in along the coast just south of Belize City Belize and the Yucatan Peninsula can expect heavy rain and storm surges The storm is n't likely to threaten the United States
Yosemite National Park , California  CNN  -- They look like cumulus clouds rolling through the park -- puffy and white . But they are more sinister than that . The clouds are from a huge wildfire in northern California , which is threatening Yosemite . The Yosemite Conservancy says the Rim Fire has consumed tens of thousands of acres in the park , but it has so far had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the famous cliffs and waterfalls in the park . Firefighters hope to keep it that way . Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park "  This is going to be a tough fire . It 's going to continue for a few more weeks , " said Tom Tidwell , chief of the U.S. Forest Service . Crews are doing their best , but just a spark or two could send the inferno raging . These are scary times for the folks of Tuolumne , a picturesque community threatened by the blaze . "  It is dangerous for them right now , " Cal Fire Division Chief Mike Ramirez said . "  When you 're on a ridge like this and the fire is below you , that is a recipe for disaster . " Tuolumne is on the northern edge of the Rim Fire , a monster of a wildfire that has charred more than 192,000 acres . It 's the seventh-largest blaze in California history , requiring the efforts of more than 4,500 personnel . The blaze was 30 % contained as of evening Wednesday . Although humidity was relatively high for the area at roughly 24 % , Ramirez said fire crews were concerned that thunderstorms could create erratic wind patterns that might complicate firefighting efforts . In Tuolomne , Laura Murphy was poised to evacuate . "  To be this close is to be scared , " said Murphy , a wildlife rehabilitator who lives in the threatened town with her husband . "  But we 're ready ; we 're packed ; we 've already moved the animals . " Despite the threat , the fire is fascinating . "  We will leave when we have to , but it 's amazing to watch , " Murphy said . A threat to the Bay Area water supply Nearby Yosemite Valley and its iconic attractions , including the El Capitan rock formation , currently are safe , miles from the Rim Fire 's reach . However , the blaze was on the edge of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir , which serves 2.6 million customers in the San Francisco Bay Area . The fire is wrapping around the south side of the reservoir and extends about 3/4 of a mile past O'Shaughnessy Dam to the south and east . Firefighters are at Hetch Hetchy protecting critical facilities , the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission said Wednesday . Water quality remains unchanged , despite ash that has fallen on the 459-square-mile reservoir , because the water is drawn from a depth of 260 feet , the commission said . The city was already transferring 275 million gallons of water daily from Hetch Hetchy to other reservoirs because Hetch Hetchy is full , but as a precaution , the city increased that amount by 27 million gallons , a Tuesday statement said . The commission said it was confident the Rim Fire would not affect the reservoir : "  Due to the rocky , granite terrain and limited brush along the perimeter of the reservoir , there is little risk for direct water quality impacts . " The fire could threaten the area 's hydroelectric generators , which provide much of San Francisco 's electricity . Because of the approaching flames , officials shut down the generators , and the city -- more than 120 miles to the west -- temporarily is getting power from elsewhere . "  All of San Francisco 's municipal electric customers continue to be fully supplied ; there will be no interruption in electric service , " the commission said . More evacuations possible The Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Office , meanwhile , issued evacuation advisories for Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill , said InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . Evacuations also remained in place for areas south of Highway 120  including Scotts Ridge  , north of Old Yosemite Road and along the Highway 108 corridor between Tuolumne City and Pinecrest . Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . "  There 's a lot of concern , and there 's a lot of work to be done , " U.S. Forest Service spokesman Lee Bentley said . Firefighters were able to build fire lines in several locations Tuesday . The forecast is also looking favorable as daytime highs sink into the 70s over the Labor Day weekend , a break from the temperatures in the high 80s firefighters were facing Wednesday . "  Access and difficult terrain remain concerns for crews and equipment , " said an incident report . "  Rapid fire growth and extreme fire behavior are hampering suppression efforts . " As many as 20 helicopters and air tankers were aiding the efforts . A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading farther in Yosemite National Park . The Merced and Tuolumne giant sequoia groves , while not in imminent danger , were closed as firefighters conduct preventative measures to protect the majestic trees . Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , the National Park Service said . The park typically has 15,000 visitors on a busy summer weekend . About 4,500 structures , many of them vacation homes , were under threat , InciWeb said . The fire has cost more than $ 39 million to date . Thirty-one residences and 80 outbuildings have been destroyed . Wildfire threatens 90-year-old cabin What you need to know about wildfires CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Christopher Laible and David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : Rim Fire , which has burned more than 192,000 acres , is 30 % contained Blaze has cost more than $ 39 million to date Forest Service chief says firefighting will continue for weeks Thunderstorms could complicate wind patterns , but lower weekend temps could help
CNN  -- Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow was involved in the big game in Indianapolis , where he helped his team perform another miraculous comeback in the fourth quarter with time running out . But the action did n't take place at Lucas Oil Stadium , home of Super Bowl XLVI . It was a virtual gridiron battle at EA Sports ' Madden Bowl XVIII played on Xbox 360s at the Bud Light Hotel . Tebow was part of the three-member "  Clutch Team , " which also featured New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees and his teammate and tight end , Jimmy Graham . The trio beat the "  Rookie Team " 16-13 in a dramatic comeback , sending Justin Blackmon  wide receiver , Oklahoma State University  , Robert Griffin III  quarterback , Baylor University  , and LaMichael James  running back , University of Oregon  home without the coveted trophy . Brees admitted that Tebow "  brings the magic , " although in a twist , it was Brees who played quarterback during that final drive with Tebow playing wide receiver . Tebow , who was on the cover of EA Sports NCAA Football 11 , said he was just happy to be part of the video game tournament . "  It 's humbling to be here with these other great athletes and football players , just to be around them , to be friends with them , to continue to build relationships is wonderful , " said Tebow . "  And then all of the opportunities we have to be in the Madden game , to be in the Madden Bowl , it really is a privilege . " Even veteran players like San Diego Chargers tight end Antonio Gates are drawn to the virtual competition , which offers something much more important than that trophy . "  The Madden Bowl is popular because it 's still a competition , " said Gates . "  We 're built on competition . Our characteristics are about competing and winning . When you come here , you get to see other players and enjoy the festivities . But in the back of everybody 's mind , you still want to win the Madden Bowl . Even if it 's not all over the news , you still want the bragging rights . " Gates said he and Jacksonville Jaguars running back Maurice Jones-Drew , who won Madden Bowl XVI , spent time talking about this year 's competition while in Hawaii at the Pro Bowl last weekend . "  It 's something like the Super Bowl , " said Miami Dolphins wide receiver and Pro Bowl MVP Brandon Marshall . "  A lot of guys take pride in their Madden game and wagers are made . And it 's always fun to watch . " EA keeps NFL 's biggest names involved in the tournament , even after they hang up their cleats . The Madden Legends team featured Hall of Famers Barry Sanders and Deion Sanders and Warren Sapp , who retired in 2008 . "  When they came out with the four buttons on the front , that 's when I quit playing Madden , " said Sapp , laughing . "  It was just too much . It was just too much . " The competition , which Sapp said is a whole new brand from when he used to play in the NFL , was too much for this trio . But they enjoy the focus the video game puts on the sport they still love to watch . With a constant influx of new talent , the rookies typically have an edge with video game skills , as many have been weaned on the intricate controllers that the Atari and Nintendo generation have had to learn . But just as fans see on the real field , nothing beats experience and football knowledge . "  Playing in the Madden Bowl is a tremendous experience , " said Houston Texans veteran running back Arian Foster , who played on the All-Madden Team in the tournament this year . "  Guys come into the locker room and say , ` Hey , I just got through killing with you in Madden . ' So it 's an awesome feeling and Madden helped me get the name that I have today . I appreciate that . " Denver Broncos linebacker Von Miller came to the party to check out the high definition gridiron action , which has become "  the game before the game " during Super Bowl week . "  It 's crazy to be in Madden , " said NFL rookie Miller . "  That 's another dream . I always dreamed of playing in the NFL and to be in Madden is just amazing . I only play Madden , so it 's a big deal . " Not everyone was happy with the outcome of Madden Bowl XVIII . Perhaps no player takes the video game tournament more seriously than Jones-Drew . He said he plays Madden every day and is constantly preparing himself for the competition . He was n't happy with the format change from player versus player to three-man teams last year . "  I can beat anyone here one-on-one , which is the way Madden is supposed to be played , " said Jones-Drew , who was part of the All-Madden Team with San Francisco 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis and Foster . As for Tebow , he does n't have as much time since going pro to play video games . But he is just as competitive as he is on the real field when it comes to Madden Bowl , as were his teammates . "  I enjoy playing Madden , " said Tebow . "  I stay pretty busy , so it 's not like I can play it a lot . But I have a good time playing with my brothers and teammates and we get pretty competitive on it . " That competitive nature has already started with Madden NFL 13 . EA Sports announced at the Madden Bowl that 64 players -- two players from each NFL team -- will compete for the chance to be on the cover of the new game . Fans will have the final say once again , after picking Cleveland Browns running back Peyton Hillis for this year 's game . Can Tebow work his magic again and grace the cover of this August 's football game ? Do n't count him out .	Tim Tebow was part of a three-member "  Clutch Team " at EA Sports ' Madden Bowl XVIII The quarterback says he was just happy to be part of the video game tournament EA keeps NFL 's biggest names involved in the tournament , even after they hang up their cleats
CNN  -- Security has been stepped up around a prominent Australian Muslim leader after Twitter threats from a Sydney-based militant seen in recent photos clutching severed heads in Syria . In a tweet that 's since been deleted , a man believed to be Mohamed Elomar offered $ 1,000 for information on the whereabouts of Dr. Jamal Rifi and his five children . "  Anyone in Sydney who can give me the details of Habashi dog Dr Jamal Rifi , anything , house details , wat area am willing to pay $ 1000 , " the tweet said . Rifi is a general practitioner and outspoken community leader who this week condemned shocking images posted on social media by convicted terrorist Khaled Sharrouf of his seven-year-old child holding a mutilated head . In 2009 , Sharrouf was jailed for his role in a planned terror attack in Australia led by Mohamed Ali Elomar , the uncle of the man believed to have offered the bounty . The senior Mohamed is currently serving a minimum 21-year sentence for the plot , which involved the manufacture of explosives for a "  potentially catastrophic " attack . Gruesome images Australian Federal Police issued arrest warrants for the younger Elomar and Sharrouf in late July after they posted gruesome images to Twitter of themselves posing with the severed heads of Syrian fighters . It 's believed the photos were taken in the Syrian city of Raqqa . The latest tweets attributed to Elomar came from the now suspended Twitter handle @abu hafs ozzie . "  Any details were he works or knows if his got kids which school they attend . Like I said I am willing to pay $ 1000 just for details , " another tweet said . "  It was shocking to be honest , " Rifi told CNN . "  I 've taken it extremely seriously because they labeled me as a habashi dog -- even though I 've never been a habashi and I 'm not a habashi . What it means in their twisted mentally  is that  attacking me , killing me is permissible for followers of their ideology . " Security stepped up Police are also taking the threat seriously . Rifi said the New South Wales Police Commissioner phoned him before sending officers to his house for a security audit . Patrols have been stepped up in the area and his son 's school principal has suggested he stay at home . However , Rifi said he refused to be silenced . "  I 'm not going into hiding . I know I 'm fortunate enough to life in a country where law and order prevail and people ca n't take matters into their own hands , and affords me the freedom to speak . And I want to use that privilege to defend what we have in Australia and to keep it . " In a direct message to Elomar , Rifi tweeted : "  to know my address just ask your dad , we were in the same soccer team then and we still Best mates and he knows I am and never been a HABASHI . " Old family friends Rifi is a longtime friend of Elomar 's father , Mamdouh Elomar . They met as children in Lebanon before moving to Australia . Elomar fled the civil war in the 1970s and built a successful engineering business in Sydney . Rifi followed in the early 1980s and has become a respected member of the community for his efforts in breaking down religious barriers . The Elomars are a "  great " family , Rifi said , adding that Mohamed was the "  black sheep " who turned his back on what was a stable and supportive upbringing to follow a "  twisted ideology . " Mohamed 's father would support him "  100 % , " Rifi said , though he added he had n't spoken to him since the threats were made . On Thursday , he and Australia 's Grand Mufti , Ibrahim Abu Mohamed , gave a series of interviews in Arabic and English to try to counter the recruitment campaign being waged by ISIS militants on social media . "  We 're telling young people : ` Forget the rhetoric , look at the action . ' And the action they are doing is totally unIslamic , " Rifi said . "  While they 're pretending to defend Islam , in reality what they 're doing is hurting their family , their community and they 're giving a distorted image of their religion . " Threat of ` homegrown terrorists ' Extra revulsion was reserved this week for Sharrouf , who posted a picture of his young son holding a man 's severed head . "  It is really one of the most disturbing , stomach-turning , grotesque photographs ever displayed , " said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . The image was used by U.S. and Australian officials to emphasize the importance of the fight against ISIS militants , who are engaged in a brutal campaign in Iraq and Syria with the aim of establishing an Islamic caliphate . Around 150 Australians are thought to be supporting their activities , while around 60 are believed to be engaged in active fighting . "  There are a significant number of Australian citizens who are taking part in activities in Iraq and parts of Syria : extremist activities , terrorist activities , " Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said . "  Our fear is that they will return home to Australia as hardened homegrown terrorists and seek to continue their work here in Australia . "	Australian tweets bounty for information on outspoken Muslim leader Mohamed Elomar is believed to be in Syria , fighting with ISIS Elomar posted photos of himself holding severed heads of fighters Sharrouf shocked world with photo of young son holding mutilated head
Whether it 's learning how to read and write or setting up your own farm , a Zambian computer tablet -- known as the ZEduPad -- is trying to open up the country 's information highway . The brain child of British tech entrepreneur Mark Bennett , the ZEduPad principally teaches users basic numeracy and literacy skills , aimed at primary school children . "  It became clear that there was a huge need for this kind of technology , " Bennett said , "  particularly tablet technology , which has come a long way in Africa in recent years . " After arriving in Zambia 30 years ago under the British Aid Program , Bennett worked in the computer department at the country 's national university for over a decade before deciding to go it alone . "  We can really do something very major for the first time , " he said . "  We 've invested about $ 5 million to date ... It 's totally all-encompassing and quite prescriptive so we are aiming at being able to get to an untrained teacher in a deep rural area in the African bush . " Interactive learning The ZEduPad is programmed in eight different languages native to Zambia with over 12,000 preloaded classes and lesson plans for untrained teachers in rural areas , according to Bennett . Approved by the Zambian Ministry of Education , the educational tablet allows children to create a personal profile on its seven-inch screen to keep track of their progress as well as exposing them to e-mail and Wikipedia . Bennett said the ZEduPad is set up to teach grades one to seven through interactive learning in every subject from math to PE , art and music . The technology comes at a time when Zambia 's educational system is undergoing sweeping changes . Since 2001 , the government has increased primary school enrollment rates by 90 % . As a result , the World Bank has identified the landlocked southern African nation as having one of the most improved primary school education systems in the developing world . Bennett added : "  For years there was a problem with funding , education was not keeping up with population growth . Young people coming out of school and not being well suited or prepared to enter the job market ... . We 're trying to change that . " The ZEduPad gives children a grasp of vital technology skills in a landlocked country where broadband is scarce and only 18 % of the nation 's 14 million people have access to electricity , according to the World Bank . In addition to following the national curriculum , the tablet also contains farming and health information designed for adults to help prevent the spread of killer diseases such as tuberculosis and malaria . Outsourcing to China The ZEduPad is currently manufactured , assembled and branded in China . The devices are then loaded onto a plane and transported to Zambia , where Bennett and his team install the software onto each tablet . "  It costs roughly $ 100 to have them made and landed here in this country , " Bennett said . "  We sell them to teachers and schools for $ 200 at the moment . We hope to bring that price down . One of the other things we 're trying to do is provide significant tech support . " After teachers purchase the ZEduPad , Bennett said his team of experts go into schools and provide tutorials for staff so that they can maximize the tablets ' functions while learning how to deliver lessons to pupils . Bennett said the tablet has , at one time or another , helped employ over 250 staff working in the development and distribution of the software from the company 's base in the Zambian capital , Lusaka . He says he has approached the government over hiring assembly workers in Zambia but to no avail . He said that at a time when few companies are manufacturing technology outside of the Far East , production in China is "  the cheapest and most cost-effective thing to do . " ` Huge change ' Looking ahead , Bennett does n't want to stop at Zambia but hopes to roll the educational tablet out to a raft of other nations on the continent . He believes that as countries in the developed world continue to transition from desktop computers to smart devices , Africa has a real chance to leapfrog ahead . "  I think the next big challenge is going to come from a lot of people who have got very cheap mobile phones . We 'll gradually see Android smartphones coming out for $ 70 or so ... Huge change is happening at the moment , " Bennett said . READ THIS : Africa 's super telescopes READ THIS : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future	The Zambian ZEduPad is an educational tablet for children Created by British businessman Mark Bennett , the ZEduPad has over 12,000 installed classes Bennett said the ZEduPad is set up to teach grades one to seven He hopes to roll the tablet out to a raft of other nations on the continent
CNN  A man identified as Terence Walker is seen in a police body-camera video bolting from a Muskogee , Oklahoma , officer who felt a weapon after a pat down . Officer Chansey McMillin gave chase , his body-cam capturing his shadow as he trailed the suspect in the afternoon light of January 17 . Walker , 21 , is seen stopping suddenly and bending down to pick up something he dropped on the road . A white car approaches . The graphic video shows McMillin pulling his pistol , taking aim and unloading five shots . Walker turned around , then started running . He was struck three times , police said . In the video , Walker is seen as he tumbles to the ground , then rolls into a ditch . He died at the scene . Later , the video shows an emotional McMillin leaning against a police car . "  Why did  Walker  have to do that ? " he asked as other officers comforted him . Since Ferguson , Missouri , teen Michael Brown 's death prompted a national move to put body cameras on all America 's police officers , scenes like the one captured in the body-cam video from Muskogee will likely become more common . President Barack Obama recently announced a $ 263 million package to help local police departments buy 50,000 cameras . The New York Police Department , the nation 's largest , launched a pilot body-camera program in December . In Muskogee , about 50 of its 88 police officers started wearing body cameras in November , according to department spokesman Sgt. Michael Mahan . The January 17 incident outside Old Agency Baptist Church is the first officer-involved shooting captured by a body camera . The video was released Friday after the department showed it to Walker 's family and local leaders in an attempt to quell tensions in the community , Mahan said . "  We 've seen a lot of departments have a bunker mentality and sort of enclose themselves and not be real open with the public , " he said . "  We 're trying to set a precedent . We think this does n't allow any speculation to foster within the community and lets all the facts come out . " The encounter began with McMillin approaching Walker outside the church and patting him down . "  Relax , " the officer is heard saying in the video moments before Walker takes off running . "  What are you shaking for ? " Mahan said witnesses told police that on the day of the shooting , Walker had threatened his ex-girlfriend , who was attending a wedding at the church that day . Mahan said Walker allegedly told his ex that he "  had a bullet with her name on it . " Moments after the shooting , a man who identified himself as the church 's pastor is seen in the video approaching the officer and saying : "  Do n't shoot no more . " McMillin ordered the pastor to stand back . The officer can be heard on his radio calling for an ambulance . Another officer checked on Walker and picked up something off the ground and tossed it away from the suspect . McMillin is heard saying it 's a handgun ; another officer said the weapon was loaded . One officer checked Walker 's pulse . The pastor is seen in the video telling other officers that McMillin "  did everything right . " The investigation is being handled by the Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation . McMillin is on paid administrative leave , Mahan said . It was his second officer-involved shooting in six months . The officer was cleared in the July shooting of a suspect who attacked a man with a knife , according to Mahan . The officer opened fire after the knife-wielding man moved toward him . The suspect survived . Mahan defended the video 's release . "  What we 're trying to do is to set a standard for the nation and say that we believe that openness and transparency is the best policy , " he said .	Police officer 's body camera captures fatal shooting in Oklahoma Muskogee police release the video in attempt to ease community tension Recent shootings have prompted move to put body cameras on all the nation 's officers
CNN  -- Relatives of 10-year-old Lyric Cook and 8-year-old Elizabeth Collins got news Monday that no family wants . Authorities identified the bodies found by hunters in a wooded area last week as those of the two young Iowa cousins , missing since July . Their bodies were found in the Seven Bridges Wildlife Area in Bremer County . Chief Kent Smock of the Evansdale , Iowa , Police Department , confirmed the news and said that the girls ' families had been notified , according to a statement from the Black Hawk County Sheriff 's Office . The cause of the death in both cases is pending . "  Our hearts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those precious little girls , " said Black Hawk County Sheriff Tony Thompson . He vowed vigilance in pursuit of those responsible , and said no resource would be spared so that "  justice may prevail . " Lyric and Elizabeth were last seen by their grandmother on July 13 when they left for a bike ride . The girls ' bicycles and a purse were found near Meyers Lake in Evansdale , hours after they were reported missing . A search of the 25-acre lake turned up nothing , and authorities eventually said they believed that the cousins had been abducted . About a week after the girls disappeared , investigators said they thought Lyric and Elizabeth were alive . FBI spokeswoman Sandy Breault declined then to say exactly what evidence they had to push them toward that conclusion , urging anyone with information to come forward . A $ 50,000 reward was offered for information leading to the successful recovery of the girls and the prosecution of the person , or people , responsible . The girls ' disappearance sparked a massive volunteer search effort in Evansdale , a town of about 4,700 that is about 12 miles southeast of Cedar Falls . Last week , when the bodies were found but authorities had not yet identified them as belonging to the girls , residents gathered at Meyers Lake for a candlelight vigil , according to CNN affiliate KCRG . "  I guess I 'm not surprised ... because of the length of time that they 've been missing , " Karen Carroll told the network . Carroll works at Poyner Elementary , where Elizabeth was in fourth grade . She said keeping morale up at the school has been tough . Students and staff created a "  remembrance chain " that they will give to the girls ' families , along with a memorial made from pink ribbons . The chain is built from rings of colored construction paper . Elizabeth 's mother , Heather Collins , posted a message on Facebook last week expressing gratitude for the prayers and outpouring of support amid the "  gut-wrenching news . " "  We know that they are up in heaven with our savior , " she wrote . "  Lord we know that you have them in your loving arms and we are so blessed . " CNN 's Mark Morgenstein and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Girls ' disappearance sparked a massive volunteer search effort Sheriff vows vigilance in pursuit of those responsible Lyric Cook , 10 , and Elizabeth Collins , 8 , had been missing since July Hunters found their bodies in a wooded area last week
Lakewood , Washington  CNN  -- Whoever fatally shot four police officers Sunday in a coffee shop outside Tacoma , Washington , may have been wounded by one of the victims , police said . Authorities are trying to determine who killed four Lakewood police officers in the shop in neighboring Parkland on Sunday morning . Investigators are checking with area hospitals to determine whether the gunman sought treatment after the shooting , Pierce County sheriff 's spokesman Ed Troyer said . "  There 's ... evidence that a Lakewood officer fired some shots , and we hope he hit him , " Troyer said . Troyer said authorities are seeking Maurice Clemmons , 37 , of Pierce County as a "  person of interest . " He did not identify Clemens as a suspect . Authorities identified the victims as Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officer Ronald Owens , 37 ; Officer Tina Griswold , 40 ; and Officer Greg Richards , 42 . The officers were sitting in the coffee shop before the start of their shifts when a gunman shot them at about 8 a.m. PT , Troyer said . The shop is a place where area law enforcement officers regularly gather to share information , he said . The attacker walked to the counter as if to order coffee before he pulled a gun out of his coat and fired , Troyer said . Two of the officers were "  executed " as they sat at a table , another was shot when he stood up , and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door , Troyer said . "  After , we believe , some of the officers were shot , one of them managed to fight his way with the suspect ... all the way out the the doorway until he was shot and died of a gunshot wound , " Troyer said . Sunday 's incident was the first time the Lakewood police department lost any officer to a shooting . Two employees of the coffee shop and other customers inside Forza Coffee Company were unharmed , Troyer said . One employee fled through the back door when she saw the shooter pull out his gun , he said . "  As you can imagine , they are traumatized , " he said of those inside the coffee shop . "  Some are in shock . " Investigators have not come up with possible motives , police said . Families of the officers have been notified , Troyer said . All of the officers were in uniform , wearing vests and had marked patrol cars parked outside , he said . Police are looking for one man in connection with the attack , though authorities are not ruling out the possibility that a second person was involved , Troyer said . A $ 10,000 reward was offered for information leading to an arrest , he said . Surveillance tapes from multiple location are being reviewed . Authorities were conducting searches in numerous locations , and dogs had been brought in to attempt to track the shooter , Troyer said . Investigators believe Clemmons , the person of interest , "  is intentionally avoiding us , " Troyer said . Clemmons has "  extensive violent criminal history from Arkansas , including aggravated robbery and theft , " the sheriff 's department said in a statement . He also was recently charged in Pierce County in connection with the assault of a police officer and the rape of a child , according to the statement . According to a local prosecutor in Arkansas and past articles published by the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , a repeat offender named Maurice Clemmons had his 95-year prison sentence commuted in 2001 by then-Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee . Huckabee cited Clemmons ' young age -- 17 at the time of his sentencing -- when he announced his decision , according to newspaper articles . "  It was not something I was pleased with at the time , " Larry Jegley , who prosecuted Clemmons for aggravated robbery and other charges in Pulaski County , Arkansas , told CNN Sunday . "  I would be most distressed if this is the same guy . " Jegley said he was told Sunday by "  media and police agencies " that the former Arkansas inmate was the same man being sought in Washington state . Some tips have come in , and investigators were following leads , one of which turned out to be "  an unfortunate hoax , " Troyer said . A Tacoma man called "  multiple people " claiming to be the gunman , though authorities determined the man was lying . The man was arrested and now faces obstruction charges , Troyer said . A couple of blocks surrounding the coffee shop were cordoned off . Several other police agencies were on scene to assist . Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire , in a statement , said she was "  shocked and horrified " at the shootings . "  I offer whatever support is needed to the Pierce County Sheriff in their search for the perpetrator , " Gregoire said . Lakewood is about 40 miles south of Seattle and 10 miles southwest of Tacoma . See a map of where the shootings took place Bystanders gathered outside the Forza Coffee Company , some of them in tears as they spoke to CNN affiliate KING . The coffee shop is on the edge of McChord Air Force Base . Spokesman Bud McKay said the base was not shut down , but security was ramped up around the perimeter as a precaution . The military has offered assistance to police , he said , but it has not been requested . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Samira Simone , Dave Alsup and Dina Majoli contributed to this report .	NEW : Police name 37-year-old man as "  person of interest " NEW : Man has "  extensive violent criminal history from Arkansas , " police say Four police officers fatally shot in coffee shop near Tacoma , Washington One of the officers fought gunman , may have shot him , police say
CNN  -- Condemned serial murderer Richard Ramirez , known as the "  Night Stalker " to the Californians he terrorized in the 1980s , died of cancer , according to coroner 's findings released Monday . Ramirez had been sentenced to death for 13 murders , five attempted murders , 11 sexual assaults and 14 burglaries in the spring and summer of 1985 . He died earlier this month of complications from B-cell lymphoma in a hospital in Marin County , outside San Francisco , at age 53 , the county sheriff 's department reported . A self-professed Satan worshiper who inflicted physical and emotional pain on his victims in myriad ways , Ramirez told the court that sentenced him to death , "  I am beyond good and evil . I will be avenged . Lucifer dwells in us all . " He died on June 7 , the 59th California inmate to die of natural causes while awaiting execution . Most of his victims were in Southern California , though two of those killed were in the San Francisco area . He was arrested after residents of an east Los Angeles neighborhood spotted him trying to steal two cars , caught and subdued him , then held him down until police arrived . The rest of his life was spent at the home for many of California 's most dangerous felons , San Quentin State Prison , which sits like a fortress along the bay just north of San Francisco .	Serial killer Richard Ramirez died of lymphoma , coroner finds He was dubbed "  Night Stalker " for breaking into houses overnight and attacking victims He had been sentenced to death for 13 murders , 11 sexual assaults and other crimes
CNN  -- After a contentious year , an embattled President Barack Obama and an unpopular Republican Party are each hoping for better things in 2014 . Both parties leave Washington with many big issues unresolved and many battles ahead . It 's time to consider what some of the big stories of 2014 may be . Will immigration reform fly ? Millions of immigrants are desperately waiting to see whether they will be able to obtain legal status in this country . Immigration reform has stalled in the House after a sweeping bill finally passed in the Senate with bipartisan support . Initially listening to the warnings of tea party Republicans , Speaker of the House John Boehner did n't move on the bill . At most , he argued that he would push for smaller versions of the bill that dealt with issues like border security . But as 2013 came to a close , the mood seemed to change on Capitol Hill . The speaker spoke some tough words that suggested he might take a different direction in 2014 . His decision to hire Rebecca Tallent , who had worked on immigration reform in 2006 and 2007 while on the staff of Sen. John McCain , also sent a strong message to conservative groups . Passing immigration reform would be hugely consequential for millions of potential American citizens . And legislation could have big ramifications on the electoral map . Without a bill , Republicans will never win over Latino voters , a massive portion of the current and future electorate that is currently trending Democratic . If Republicans shifted course and took this issue off the table , they could be much more competitive in key states of the Electoral College . Will Democrats lose control of the Senate ? This will be the marquee political event of the year . Over the past few months there has ongoing speculation about whether this will be a "  wave " election that shows a voter mandate about the direction of politics . Initially , during the height of the 2013 budget battles , some experts thought that Democrats were going to seize the momentum from Republicans , who were plummeting in the polls , to regain control of the House and work with the White House to pass Obama 's second-term agenda . A recent wave of retirements has also given Democrats some hope they could pick up new seats . However , since the fiasco surrounding the introduction of the Obamacare website , the tide seemed to shift back toward Republicans . There are three questions surrounding the election . First , will majority power shift in either chamber ? Second , even if control remains the same , will the election alter the vote count in the House and Senate in a way that makes conditions slightly easier for either party to move legislation ? Finally , how will the parties spin the results , as they seek to create the perception that the election has bigger implications for one party or the other ? A rare chance to reform the NSA ? Changing the way that our national security institutions work has proven to be a near impossibility . As President Dwight Eisenhower said in his farewell address in 1959 , the military-industrial complex , with all the vested interests that line up behind existing military programs , makes it difficult to effect major change . But , in the wake of the Edward Snowden story , this year is different and a window for reform might have emerged . The revelations that flowed from the multiple leaks about the National Security Agency surveillance programs have been extraordinarily damaging . The biggest blow has come from international allies who are furious that their leaders and citizens were under surveillance . Many of the President 's most ardent supporters have expressed deep disappointment with the commander-in-chief and are insisting on new regulations . A federal judge struck a huge blow to the NSA by deeming much of the collection of meta-data unconstitutional , while the fallout among international allies from the news that their leaders were being monitored has threatened key relations . An advisory panel to Obama has recommended sweeping reforms that would create stronger safeguards on what the NSA can do . Obama ended the year strongly suggesting that he will support the reforms . Most likely , the window for reform will close quickly as new threats to the U.S. emerge . This would be the year Congress and the president could potentially restore some balance between the imperatives of national security and of civil liberties . Who will win the Republican civil war ? Perhaps the biggest battle that Republicans face is among themselves . As the year ended , the internal party conflict intensified when Boehner spoke out against the tea party Republicans who had caused him so much trouble over the course of the year . Right-wing organizations , the speaker said , had "  lost all credibility . " He castigated this faction for the damage they had inflicted on their own party and warned that they were more concerned about scoring political points than doing what was best for the country . Boehner is not alone . Business groups have started to mobilize , as they did in a special election in Alabama , to challenge right-wing Republicans . Tea party Republicans are taking this lying down . The attacks have only seemed to energize them . The Washington Post reported that at a meeting of 150 tea party activists in Tommy 's Country Ham House in South Carolina , a kickoff dinner funded by the Koch brothers , one attendee dismissed reports of their falling popularity : "  I think it 's wishful thinking on the part of the leadership of the Republican Party . I feel more energized . " At this and other meetings , conservative activists have been vowing to double their campaign against Republicans who have become too comfortable in Washington . Indeed , they have taken delight in the fact that Texas Rep. Steve Stockman announced that he will challenge Sen. John Cornyn in a primary . In The New York Times , one tea party activist , Jenny Beth Martin , blasted the Republican leadership and called the recent budget deal a "  betrayal of the conservatives who fueled the Republicans ' 2010 midterm shellacking of Democrats . " Will Obamacare flourish or fail ? The battles over the Affordable Care Act are not over . As David Weigel recently argued in Slate , 2014 will be filled with all sorts of new attacks on the program . The announcement that the administration would temporarily exempt Americans whose health insurance is scheduled to be canceled from the individual mandate energized Republicans calling for such an exemption for all Americans . The decision , according to Washington Post writer Ezra Klein , "  puts the first crack in the individual mandate . The question is whether it 's the last . " One of the challenges to the health care program is a new lawsuit by individuals living in states that do n't have state-run exchanges . The suit is based on the fact that the ACA legislation said individuals eligible for subsidies will be identified by state-run exchanges . The plaintiffs argue that in states in which the federal exchange is operational rather than a state exchange , subsidies should therefore not be available . If successful , this suit would have hugely detrimental effects on the program . In South Carolina , Ohio , and Missouri there are bills that would create disincentives for people to use the law . The fight will be fierce in 2014 . After a tough start and long rollout , the Obama administration needs to get this program into strong shape soon and start having the benefits roll in to people to diminish interest in Republican efforts to damage Obamacare . Will Obama respond to the lure of Presidential power ? Although President Obama began his term as a politician deeply critical of overusing presidential power , a signature of George W. Bush 's time in the White House , there is more and more evidence that he is moving in the same direction as his predecessor . His decision to bring in John Podesta , a former adviser of President Bill Clinton who championed a highly aggressive use of executive power to push for environmental legislation , suggests that Obama is thinking about using his authority more freely . Over the past year , we have already learned through the NSA revelations that Obama is much more comfortable with expansive executive power than we previously thought . But in 2014 , it is likely that we will see the President use this muscle with domestic issues like climate change , which he has been unable to advance on Capitol Hill . The risk of this strategy is that future presidents can easily roll back any gains . For the time being , however , Obama might just take this gamble , given it might be his last and best opportunity to effect change on the big issues that have eluded him . While surprises certainly lie ahead , we can predict that 2014 will pack a powerful punch politically as both parties dig in for the battles on the road leading to the next presidential election . We will also learn more about what the 2016 election may look like as some of the potential candidates , most importantly Hillary Clinton and Chris Christie , come closer to deciding whether to run . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says 2014 will begin with some major questions on Washington 's agenda Will immigration reform fly ? Will control of either house of Congress change ? Who will win the GOP civil war ? And how will Obamacare fare under continuing attacks ? Zelizer : 2014 will also shed light on the issues and candidates likely to shape the 2016 race
CNN  -- An Arizona man lay handcuffed and non-responsive on the floor of a Walmart on Black Friday , as his emotional grandson stood nearby . Jerald Newman , 54 , spent Friday night in a Maricopa County jail hours after being arrested for allegedly resisting arrest and shoplifting , according to the county sheriff 's department . But the suspect 's family members , as well as at least one witness , said the man is innocent and that the treatment was unnecessary . Newman 's daughter said that she , her father and other family members were in the packed Buckeye , Arizona , store soon after it opened late Thursday night . "  They were just letting people in ; there was nowhere to walk , " Berneta Sanchez told CNN . "  And teenagers and adults were fighting for these games , taking them away from little kids and away from my father . " The grandson , Nicholas Nava , told CNN affiliate KNXV that Newman had grabbed one video game and put it under his shirt so that others jostling for the game did n't take it from him . One person alerted a police officer , who then approached Newman . David Chadd , a CNN iReporter from Las Vegas , was among those shopping for video games set up in the Walmart 's grocery section in a mass of people . He said Newman "  was not resisting " arrest as he was led away from the crowd by a police officer . The officer , Chadd said , then suddenly hooked the suspect around the leg , grabbed him and "  slammed him face first into the ground . " "  It was like a bowling ball hitting the ground , that 's how bad it was , " he said . That was around when Sanchez said she heard of the altercation from across the store and ran toward her father . "  I was fuming , " she recalled upon seeing her father on the floor . "  They would n't let me near him at all , they were telling me to stay back . " Video , recorded by Chadd and later posted on CNN 's iReport , shows an apparently unconscious Newman head-down on the floor in a pool of blood . As he 's turned over , Buckeye police officers appear to attempt to revive him -- at which point his face , covered mostly in blood , is revealed . Several voices , apparently those of fellow shoppers , are heard saying , "  Why would you throw him down so hard ? All he did was shoplifting and you threw him down like that ? " Another person says , "  They threw him down . He was n't doing anything wrong . " Two citizens then appear to come to Newman 's aid by applying paper towels to the man 's nose . Chadd estimated that Newman was knocked out for about 10 minutes , all the while gushing blood and handcuffed . Walmart spokeswoman Ashley Hardie said the retail giant was aware of the incident . "  We are concerned whenever there is an incident involving a customer at one of our stores , " Hardie said . "  We are in contact with the local police and are sharing any information we have with them . " Members of the Buckeye Police Department did not immediately respond to CNN calls Friday for comment . Assistant Chief Larry Hall told KNXV that Newman struggled after getting hurt , saying he was aggressive and escalated the situation . "  There 's a whole other side to this story that was n't videotaped , " Hall said . "  There is nothing , on the surface ,  that  deems our officer acted inappropriate at this time . " The Buckeye incident was one of a few such incidents involving police and shoppers at the chain 's stores nationwide . Sanchez said that Newman was "  emotional " when she talked to him , briefly , on Friday from a hospital where he was treated before being sent to jail . "  He was complaining of his pain , and he was angry , " she said . She described her father as "  a really nice man , " noting he is a custom furniture-maker who preaches through the California prison system . He has raised his grandson from birth and , even while in the hospital , Sanchez said the boy was her father 's chief concern . Family members are hoping for a call from law enforcement , informing them that they can pick up Newman , Sanchez said . Until then , she said her mother plans to talk to a lawyer Saturday to work on expediting the man 's release . Whatever happens , Sanchez vowed that next year she wo n't be shopping in the wee hours of the Friday morning after Thanksgiving . "  I will never leave my house again on Black Friday , because I do n't want to put my daughter through that again , " she said , noting her daughter was there to see police standing over her bloody grandfather . "  I 'd rather stay home . And if they have Black Friday , they need more security . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : A witness says the man 's head hit the ground "  like a bowling ball " Jerald Newman , 54 , is charged with resisting arrest and shoplifting His grandson says he tried to hide a video game from jostling shoppers Video shows the man later bloodied and unconscious on a Walmart floor
North Korea is accusing the U.S. government of being behind the making of the movie "  The Interview . " And , in a dispatch on state media , the totalitarian regime warned the United States that its "  citadels " will be attacked , dwarfing the hacking attack on Sony that led to the cancellation of the film 's release . Obama : North Korea 's hack not war , but ` cybervandalism ' While steadfastly denying involvement in the hack , North Korea accused U.S. President Barack Obama of calling for "  symmetric counteraction . " "  The DPRK has already launched the toughest counteraction . Nothing is more serious miscalculation than guessing that just a single movie production company is the target of this counteraction . Our target is all the citadels of the U.S. imperialists who earned the bitterest grudge of all Koreans , " a report on state-run KCNA read . "  Our toughest counteraction will be boldly taken against the White House , the Pentagon and the whole U.S. mainland , the cesspool of terrorism , " the report said , adding that "  fighters for justice " including the "  Guardians of Peace " -- a group that claimed responsibility for the Sony attack -- "  are sharpening bayonets not only in the U.S. mainland but in all other parts of the world . " ` Act of cybervandalism ' The FBI on Friday pinned blame on North Korea for a hack into Sony 's computer systems . In an interview broadcast Sunday on CNN , Obama called it "  an act of cybervandalism , " not war . He said the United States is going to review whether to put North Korea back on a list of states that sponsor terrorism . "  We 've got very clear criteria as to what it means for a state to sponsor terrorism . And we do n't make those judgments just based on the news of the day , " Obama said . "  We look systematically at what 's been done and based on those facts , we 'll make those determinations in the future . " The Republican National Committee urged cinema chains to show the movie . In a letter to their CEOs , RNC chairman Reince Priebus wrote : "  As a sign of my commitment , if you agree to show this movie , I will send a note to the Republican Party 's millions of donors and supporters urging them to buy a ticket -- not to support one movie or Hollywood , but to show North Korea we can not be bullied into giving up our freedom . " ` Dishonest reactionary movie ' While the film was the work of private individuals , North Korea insisted otherwise in its statement . "  The DPRK has clear evidence that the U.S. administration was deeply involved in the making of such dishonest reactionary movie , " it said . "  The Interview " is a comedy , with plans for an attempted assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un a central plot point . In a CNN interview on Friday , Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton said the studio had not "  given in " to pressure from hackers and was still considering ways to distribute the movie . But that 's not what the company initially said after canceling the film 's release . On Wednesday night , a studio spokesperson said simply , "  Sony Pictures has no further release plans for the film . " But in its latest statement , released Sunday , the company said : "  No decisions have been made . Sony is still exploring options for distribution . "	North Korea warns it will go after the White House , Pentagon and "  whole U.S. mainland " It insists it was not involved in the Sony hack President Obama says the attack was "  cybervandalism , " not war But he says the U.S. will review whether to put North Korea back on list of terrorism sponsors
CNN  -- The former mistress of 2008 Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards is expected to be a prosecution witness in his federal criminal trial next month , a federal judge said in court Thursday . At issue in the approaching North Carolina trial is whether money given to support Edwards ' mistress , Rielle Hunter , by the then-candidate 's benefactors should have been considered donations toward his presidential campaign . Edwards maintains the money was a gift . Edwards is charged with six felony and misdemeanor counts related to donations to and payments from his failed 2008 campaign . He is accused of conspiracy , issuing false statements and violating campaign contribution laws . He denies any wrongdoing . In federal court in Greensboro , North Carolina , on Thursday , Judge Catherine Eagles said that attorneys in the case should expect Hunter to testify on behalf of the government . If convicted on all counts , Edwards could face 30 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 1.5 million . His attorneys have claimed the investigation and prosecution are politically motivated , and the charges do not clearly establish any violation of election law . His lawyers have argued in federal court the money was a gift unrelated to campaign expenditures and that legally , donors can help pay for a candidate 's personal expenses unrelated to the campaign , according to a report by CNN affiliate WTVD in Raleigh , North Carolina , last October . The attorneys also said money from donors never went directly to Edwards , but was handled through third parties , WTVD said . Edwards was Sen. John Kerry 's running mate on the 2004 Democratic presidential ticket . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Federal judge tells attorneys to expect ex-mistress to testify for government Rielle Hunter is the ex-mistress of 2008 Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards Edwards ' upcoming criminal trial will look at whether campaign money went to her Edwards denies any wrongdoing
CNN  -- Over the course of her remarkable life , Althea Gibson was many things to many people -- an accomplished jazz singer , a saxophone player , an actress and the first black woman to play on the professional golf circuit . For Billie Jean King and tennis fans around the globe , however , Gibson will always be best remembered as a towering figure of their sport . And not just because of her imposing stature . "  I saw Althea Gibson play  tennis  for the first time when I was 13 . Because she was already one of my ` she-roes ' I was very excited " says King , who herself won 12 grand slam singles titles as well as founding the Women 's Tennis Association . "  Her story is quite unexpected and quite wonderful at the same time , " she told CNN 's Open Court show . Gibson won an impressive 11 grand slam crowns  five singles , five doubles and one mixed doubles  between 1956 and 1958 . "  She was so exciting to watch , " King says . "  She was almost six feet and she had long arms , long legs -- very intimidating to the other players , you could tell . " While King herself is rightly lauded as one of the all-time tennis greats , the achievements of her idol Gibson are often overlooked . Perhaps this is to do with fading memories , the inaccessibility of the grainy black-and-white footage that recorded her in action , or the fact that tennis remained an amateur sport during Gibson 's playing days . For tennis historians , however , her legacy remains an important part of the sport 's history . Gibson inspired prominent black players including three-time men 's grand slam winner Arthur Ashe , 1990 women 's Wimbledon finalist Zina Garrison and modern day greats like the Williams sisters . Venus Williams once said she had all the opportunities she has today "  because of people like Althea . " For Gibson to achieve what she did , however , she had to scrap , battle and overcome barriers that few of her contemporaries would have been faced with . Forgotten legend Born in South Carolina in 1927 before being raised in New York 's tough Harlem district , Gibson spent much of her youth playing ping-pong or practicing on local tennis courts . Aware of her special talent , the tight-knit Harlem community raised funds to help pay for coaching lessons . According to friend David Dinkins , former mayor of New York City , her ability was obvious from a young age . "  She  learned her tennis much like Billie Jean King , just hitting against walls and she was pretty damn good , " Dinkins says . "  She was tall and she had a good serve/volley ... she was tough . " She had to be . America in the late 1940s and early '50s was a very different place than it is today . The dark specter of racial segregation still hung over many parts of the country . "  It was American apartheid , like South Africa , " Dinkins says . "  But that 's the way we were . Most tennis was played at country clubs and places that did n't admit people of color , so it was tough for her . " But the young Gibson was nothing if not resilient . With the backing of family , friends and the American Tennis Association Junior Development Program -- an organization that identified and helped talented young African-American players -- she graduated high school before being admitted to Florida A&M University on a full athletic scholarship in 1949 . "  She had a community that really loved her and made a huge difference in her life , " King says . "  These people really were there for Althea , as a person . You do n't have to have the whole world behind you but if you have a nucleus of friends who care , I think that 's probably what got her though it . " Gibson would also find she had advocates within the game as she progressed from playing in local and regional tournaments . An impassioned appeal from 18-time grand slam winner Alice Marble is widely credited with ensuring Gibson became the first black player to receive an invitation to appear at the United States National Championships  the forerunner to the U.S. Open  in 1953 . "  If tennis is a game for ladies and gentlemen ... it 's time we acted a little more like gentle-people and less like sanctimonious hypocrites , " Marble wrote in American Lawn Tennis magazine . Impressive performances ensured appearances at other championships and tournaments soon followed . Gibson 's first major triumph duly arrived at the 1956 French Open in Paris . Wimbledon and U.S. Nationals titles followed a year later as she became first African-American player to win at any of these tournaments . "  I do n't know if she appreciated fully the magnitude of what she had accomplished , to be the first at anything is by definition an achievement , " Dinkins says of the breakthrough victories . On returning to New York after winning Wimbledon in 1957 , Gibson became only the second black athlete after 1936 Berlin Olympics hero Jesse Owens to be granted a ticker tape parade through the city 's streets . "  I think as an African-American winning Wimbledon in the mid - '50s and having the Queen of England present on Center Court with the whole world watching , it had to be so joyous , " King says . "  I can tell you for people that cared about desegregation and wanting to get us all together , what an uplifting moment that had to be . " Gibson herself , however often tried to distance herself from issues of race , and disliked being seen as a pioneer for the African-American community . The New York Times wrote in her obituary in 2003 that "  when a reporter asked if she was proud to be compared to  baseball player  Jackie Robinson as an outstanding representative of her race , Gibson replied : ` No . I do n't consider myself to be a representative of my people . I am thinking of me and nobody else . ' " Early retirement Gibson would repeat the feat of winning Wimbledon and the U.S. Nationals titles in 1958 but would retire soon after at the age of just 31 . While the 2014 U.S. Open winner can expect to pick up $ 3 million as well as the coveted silver trophy , there was no prize money for the major champions in Gibson 's era . "  She would always answer truthfully about how it was difficult and that everything with her after she finished , " King says . "  It was just difficult to make a living . " Gibson was a fine singer and recorded an album upon retirement in an effort to cash in on her fame . She also appeared in the movie "  Horse Soldiers " with John Wayne . She then decided to take up professional golf and in 1962 became the first black woman on the LPGA tour . Despite being the possessor of a powerful swing , Gibson never won a tournament and golf was never a lucrative endeavor for her . A number of roles in sports administration soon followed , as well as in local government bodies in New Jersey . By the late '80s and early '90s , however , a series of illnesses had struck . Medical bills mounted and her inability to work left her struggling to afford rent and medication . Upon learning of Gibson 's plight , King decided to step up to help her "  she-ro . " "  We all tried to get people to pitch in a few dollars because we heard she was n't doing well , and we certainly did not want her to go hungry or not have shelter , " she says . "  I think we raised at least $ 50,000 to give to her so she could live in the way she deserved to live , being such a great champion . " For Dinkins , however , that Gibson 's situation ever got to requiring donations from fans to keep her going is a damning indictment of both the sport in Gibson 's day and wider society . "  It 's too bad that we as a society failed to recognize those among us who should be revered and whose accomplishments should be praised , and that has been the case with Althea , " he says . "  There 's so many people who have never heard of Althea . Tennis fans ... they think tennis started with Billie Jean King . In many ways it did , but it 's sad that more people do n't know about her  Gibson  and who she was . " King agrees wholeheartedly with this sentiment . Although Gibson died over a decade ago , aged 76 , King remains keen to publicize the seminal role she played in the sport of tennis and how she inspired a generation of black athletes to pick up a racquet . "  Because of Althea , people like Arthur Ashe , Garrison and all these different people of color would n't have had the opportunity , " the 70-year-old says . "  We need people to pay attention now and preserve her legacy to her , we all owe her big . I just hope we will continue to honor her . "	Althea Gibson was the first black woman to win a major tennis championship Gibson won five singles , five doubles and one mixed doubles titles at majors Upon retiring from tennis , Gibson became a professional golfer She also became a recording artist and starred in a movie with John Wayne
CNN  -- Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain may have suffered Champions League heartache this season , but both clubs are poised to return to Europe 's top competition as winners of their domestic leagues . Juve fell flat in the quarterfinals against Bayern Munich , losing both games 2-0 , but Antonio Conte 's team moved to within four points of clinching the Italian Serie A crown by beating AC Milan 1-0 on Sunday . A 57th-minute penalty by Arturo Vidal , after substitute goalkeeper Marco Amelia sent Kwadwo Asamoah tumbling , was enough to keep the Turin side 11 points clear following second-placed Napoli 's earlier victory . It was Juve 's 24th win from 33 league games , with just four defeats . "  It was n't a great match but we won and that 's what counts , " Vidal said , as Juve seek to retain the Scudetto . "  Next Sunday we 've got the derby against Torino and we have to prepare well for it . Winning the next two games would wrap up the title . " Third-placed Milan dropped seven points behind in the race for the second automatic qualification place for the Champions League , as Napoli beat Cagliari 3-2 . Fiorentina closed to within a point of Milan with a 4-3 win at home to Torino , maintaining a five-point buffer over fifth-placed Inter Milan with five games to play . Inter won 1-0 against Parma thanks to a late goal from 35-year-old striker Tommaso Rocchi , his second this month , which sealed the 2010 European champions ' first home victory in four games . The French title race is also nearly over following PSG 's 3-0 victory over 10-man Nice on Sunday . PSG , seeking a first championship in 19 years after exiting the Champions League on away goals against Barcelona , now lead second-placed Marseille by nine points with five matches left . Zlatan Ibrahimovic took his league-leading goal tally to 27 this season with a penalty following Jeremy Menez 's 10th-minute opener , while Clement Chantome wrapped it up late on . Nice had goalkeeper David Ospina sent off for bringing down Ezequiel Lavezzi , which set up Ibrahimovic 's 65th-minute spotkick . In Spain , Atletico Madrid kept up the pressure on second-placed city rivals Real Madrid as striker Radamel Falcao scored the only goal in a 1-0 win at Sevilla on Sunday . The Colombian diverted in Raul Garcia 's cross , despite an apparent handball in the build-up , to net his 25th in La Liga this season -- putting him third behind real 's Cristiano Ronaldo  31  and Barcelona 's Lionel Messi  43  . The win kept Atletico three points behind Real and 16 behind Barca , who both won on Saturday . Fourth-placed Real Sociedad drew 0-0 at Osasuna to be two points clear of Valencia in the race for Spain 's final Champions League berth .	Sunday 's win over AC Milan keeps Juventus 11 points clear in Italy Midfielder Arturo Vidal nets penalty against third-placed Milan Paris Saint-Germain nine points ahead in France after Sunday victory Radamel Falcao scores only goal for Atletico Madrid in Spanish win
CNN  -- Despite being an 18-time world-record holder , Japanese swimmer Mieko Nagaoka is determined to win more medals and break more world records . But Nagaoka is not your average ambitious sportswoman . She is 99 years old and only took up swimming when she was in her early 80s . "  I do n't care about my age , " says Nagaoka . "  I ca n't believe I 'm 99 . I still feel I like challenging everything . " Her coach is also full of praise for Nagaoka , saying she is "  the type who just does n't want to be defeated and is strongly determined to win more gold medals , world records . " See also : The ancient forests of Yakushima , Japan 's eco-paradise Nagaoka is among a growing number of elderly Japanese who not only challenge but also shatter stereotypes of what aging means in the country . Japan 's demographic crisis is well-known : around one quarter of the Japanese population -- 31.86 million -- are 65 or older , according to government figures published in September , a record high . It is estimated there are over 54,000 centenarians , a 6 % increase from 2012 . With the world 's longest life expectancy  84 years  , and one of the lowest birthrates , Japan is expected to see sales of adult diapers overtake those of baby diapers by 2020 . However not all senior citizens are enjoying retirement . With 1 in 5 senior citizens employed , according to the Statistics Bureau of Japan , the country has the highest proportion of working seniors in the developed world . Financial necessities and boredom are among the most commonly cited reasons . But even if they do n't have to work for a living , many elderly Japanese do n't want to live in isolation . Though not all can replicate the active achievements of Mieko Nagaoka , many senior citizens still have enough energy to spare or keep an active social life . Take for example , the Pom Pom Grannies , a cheerleading squad with an average age of 67 . The routines are not just a physical exercise , according to the 81-year-old founder Fumie Takino , but help keep one 's mind sharp as well . In an attempt to deal with swelling pension costs , Japan is gradually raising the retirement age to 65 , from 60 last year . See also : Mapping Mount Fuji with Google Street View But , active seniors say the public is so used with the stereotype image of the elderly who are frail or walking with a cane that many Japanese have difficulties with the idea of seeing the elderly stay active , let alone shouting and prancing with a pom-pom . "  Some people deny , can not accept us . Why ? " says Takino . "  Japanese senior ladies are supposed to be decent and , you know ... not this . " Many of the women shared their bewilderment at the younger generation . "  They just play on this , er , what do you call it ? Facebook ? They do n't talk much . They just exchange on this Facebook . That 's not good thing , " says Takino . That is surely one lesson these active seniors can teach the younger generation . Yenni Kwok contributed to this report . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	A growing number of elderly Japanese are challenging and shattering stereotypes of what aging means in the country Around a quarter of the Japanese population are 65 or older , according to latest government figures From working beyond the retirement age to being a competitive swimmer many senior citizens want to stay active
Nearly 700 people have been killed in nine days of fierce clashes between an al Qaeda affiliate and other Islamist and rebel groups , activists said Sunday . Forces from the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq and Syria have increasingly come into conflict with Free Syrian Army fighters and other hard-line factions opposing the Syrian regime , while ISIS attempts to impose its strict form of Islamic Sharia law on areas coming under its control in northern Syria . In the last nine days , 697 people have been killed in the fighting , activists said . The victims include 351 combatants from the Islamist and non-Islamist rebel battalions , 246 ISIS fighters , and 100 civilians , the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The activist group said the deaths took place between January 3 and January 12 . Among the 100 civilians killed in the clashes , 21 were executed by ISIS in the children 's hospital in Qadi Askar in the northern rebel stronghold of Aleppo , the group said . CNN can not independently verify daily death tolls , but the United Nations has said more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since 2011 . Foreign ministers meet The violence came as the "  Friends of Syria " group of foreign ministers , including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , convened in Paris on Sunday in a last-ditch attempt to persuade the Syrian opposition to attend a peace conference in Geneva , Switzerland , at the end of January . The Western-backed rebels are deeply divided on whether to go and will announce a decision on January 17 . "  There is no military solution to the violence , " Kerry said Sunday about a proposed new round of peace talks . "  There is no other alternative to saving the nation of Syria than negotiations . " Kerry said he has "  no expectations " about the success of the so-called Geneva II talks , but that the sides need to enter the meetings with the goal of "  waging an even stronger effort to provide for this political solution . " "  I am confident the Syrian opposition will come to Geneva , " Kerry said . Kerry added that Russian leaders have assured him they 'll attend . In a statement , the alliance of mainly Western and Gulf Arab countries called on armed groups to "  respect democratic and pluralistic values " and allow humanitarian access . It condemned the presence of foreign fighters in Syria , "  both those fighting with the regime such as Hezbollah and other Iranian backed forces , and those fighting within other extremist groups , " and demanded their immediate withdrawal . It urged democratic opposition forces to keep opposing groups affiliated with al Qaeda . "  We fully support the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army and other democratic opposition forces in their action against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , " it said . The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is another name for ISIS . Uneasy alliance For months , the rebel groups maintained an uneasy alliance as they fought to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government . But now , the infighting has threatened to tip the balance among rebel forces toward militant groups and away from more secular brigades . In a statement , the opposition Syrian Coalition media office condemned "  any and all violations " and said armed gangs were taking advantage of the infighting between ISIS and the Free Syrian Army . The statement , signed by Syrian Coalition media office director Khalid Saleh , cited these as "  illegal practices , intimidating civilians , and theft , taking place all over Syria ; particularly in the northern parts of the country . " "  We call on FSA brigades to work with civil revolutionary bodies and local councils operating in those areas to address the threat of those gangs , and make sure those gangsters are hunted down and brought to justice , " the statement said . In Iraq , where at least nine people were killed and more than 40 wounded in several car explosions on Sunday , security forces in Mosul said they have detained 137 ISIS suspects in a series of raids in the city over the past seven days . U.N. official in Damascus On a visit to Damascus on Sunday , the United Nations humanitarian chief expressed concern for communities cut off by the months of fighting between government and rebel forces . "  I am particularly worried about the reports of starvation , " Valerie Amos said in a statement after meeting with government officials as well as humanitarian organizations . "  The world must do more for all the people who are displaced . Many families are living in abandoned buildings , schools or in makeshift shelters , without enough food , clean water or medicine . We must help them to get through this very cold winter , " she said after visiting a shelter in rural Damascus . Amos recognized steps taken by the government to approve visas so aid can get in . "  But we need to do more in a crisis of this magnitude , " she said .	Kerry says he 's confident Syrian opposition will attend Paris talks U.N humanitarian chief visits Damascus , expresses concern for displaced persons Activists say 697 people killed in nine days of rebel fighting Al Qaeda-affiliated ISIS forces battling Free Syrian Army fighters , other factions
CNN  -- A mining company has found what may be the largest gold deposit ever found in the British Isles , the company 's chairman said Tuesday . The price of gold is at historic highs , making new prospects very valuable . Drill samples indicate more than 1 million ounces of gold may lie below what is now rolling Irish countryside , said Richard Conroy , the chairman of Dublin , Ireland-based Conroy Diamonds and Gold . With the price of gold near historic highs , the find could be worth as much as $ 300 million on the market , Conroy told CNN . The company has been working for 10 years to find gold in a 1,500-square kilometer  600-square-mile  area spanning the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland , he said . The site where the company found the gold is near Clontibret , a village in the northern part of Ireland , he said . "  I think it 's a major development in Ireland that we now have a significant gold resource , " Conroy said . "  It 's the largest amount of gold , the largest number of ounces , that 's ever been reported in Ireland , or indeed in either Britain or Ireland . " The price of gold is currently around $ 900 an ounce on global commodities markets . Factoring in costs for mine construction and operation , Conroy said , the gold near Clontibret could fetch roughly $ 300 million . The company now plans to do more drilling at the site and conduct feasibility studies before moving ahead , he said . An analyst cautioned , however , that the reported amount of gold is still only an estimate . "  Until you 've actually mined the stuff , there 's always a moderate level of uncertainty , " said William Tankard , a senior analyst at metals consultancy GFMS in London . One million ounces , if confirmed , would be significant for both Conroy and Ireland , Tankard said . Ireland has small precious metal deposits but nothing as large as Conroy 's reported find , Tankard said . Conroy said only one gold mine is currently active in Ireland . "  By no means is it world-leading , but a million ounces is certainly worth thinking about , " Tankard said . Tankard added that the quality of the gold -- including grade and how concentrated it is -- will also affect its value .	Company finds what may be largest gold deposit found in Britain or Ireland More than one million ounces of gold may lie below rolling Irish countryside With price of gold near historic highs , find could be worth as much as $ 300m
CNN  -- Three law enforcement officers patrolling a remote stretch of northern California woods shot dead a double-murder suspect whom authorities had been hunting for 36 days , a sheriff said . Aaron Bassler was wearing black clothing and carrying a large backpack , a fanny-pack and assault rifle when three Sacramento sheriffs spotted him early Saturday , Mendocino County Sheriff Tom Allman said . From about 40 yards away and at an elevation 25 feet higher , they fired about seven rounds into his upper torso . Allman said Bassler did n't fire a shot , and there was no verbal exchange between the parties . The suspect raised his weapon -- which was loaded and not on safety -- from the ground toward law enforcement officers . It is believed to be the same weapon used to kill one of his victims , officials said . The suspect was considered "  armed and dangerous , " and was believed to have engaged in a gunfight with three other law enforcement officers from Alameda County two days earlier . There was no "  shoot-to-kill " order in effect , Allman said . "  I fully support the manner in which this happened , " the sheriff said , responding to inquiries that the suspect was killed without any warning or having fired a shot . "  There will be no more lives endangered by Aaron Bassler . " Authorities wanted Bassler for the killing of Jere Melo on August 27 just east of Fort Bragg on the northern California coast 10 miles north of Mendocino . Melo , 69 , was an Army veteran as well as a former mayor and then-councilman in Fort Bragg at the time of his death . A witness saw a gunman open fire and later identified the suspect , according to Allman . He has also been identified as the suspect in the August 11 slaying of Matthew Coleman in Westport , just north of Fort Bragg . Allman said Saturday that DNA evidence linked him to Coleman 's death . For over a month , more than 40 local , state and federal law enforcement agencies have teamed up to look for him . In the process , he has been a suspect in several burglaries in which he kicked in locked doors and made off with food and guns , said Allman . One such incident occurred between Thursday and Friday in a garage-shop about two miles from where Bassler was eventually found . A police bloodhound tracked his scent , helping steer authorities in the direction that they believed the suspect might be -- and leading to the operation Saturday . The officers who gunned down Bassler were among about 15 three-person teams brought in from around the state for the search . Bassler 's family was "  not happy " when a law enforcement official contacted them Saturday about the death because the press had already put out the news , according to the sheriff . "  I do have some feelings for the Bassler family , they suffered a loss today , " Allman said . "  But  I assure you , that the other two losses that we felt in this county were something that law enforcement remembered every day . " A $ 30,000 reward for information leading to Bassler had been offered . There was no indication Saturday that anyone will receive it . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Aaron Bassler was wanted in two murders in August in Mendocino County More than 40 law enforcement agents have been involved in the hunt for him He is shot dead by a team of sheriff officers patrolling remote forest area The suspect was not warned and did n't fire , but was considered "  dangerous "
CNN  -- Emblazoned on a long , tall , concrete barrier in the midst of a rocky Middle Eastern landscape is this spray-painted message : "  Mirror , mirror on the wall . When will this senseless object fall ? " Messages of peace , marriage proposals and jokes are among the most popular graffiti requests . It 's one of more than 900 graffiti messages that have been spray-painted by Palestinians on the controversial wall that separates Israel and the West Bank . The painters take orders through a Web site that lets customers get a message on the wall . For the equivalent of $ 40 , a Palestinian will spray paint the message and send three digital photos of it . Anything goes -- marriage proposals , jokes , notes to friends -- as long as it is n't extremist , hate-filled , or pornographic , said Faris Arouri , one of the founders of the site . "  Trying to imagine a clear view between Palestine and Israel , " one message reads . "  If all humans are equal , why do they have to live separated ? " says another . And another simply shouts : "  Get along with each other ! " "  This is an alternative way to send your message to whoever you 're sending it to , " Arouri told CNN from Ramallah . "  It is there physically and it will stay there until someone sprays over it or someone decides to demolish that wall ... Hopefully it wo n't stay forever , because hopefully this wall will be removed sometime soon . " The Israeli government began building the barrier in 2002 , about two years after renewed violence erupted in Israel , the West Bank and Gaza . In some areas , it takes the form of a tall concrete wall ; in others , it is more of a fence . Israel says the barrier has been successful in preventing terrorist attacks by Palestinians . But Palestinians say it amounts to an illegal land grab of Palestinian territory because it does not match the line of Israel 's border with the West Bank before the 1967 Six Day War . The barrier cuts so far into West Bank territory at some points that the West Bank settlement of Alfei Menashe and five Palestinian villages are actually now on the Israeli side of the wall . Palestinians in those villages contend they are cut off from both Israel and the West Bank because they are not allowed to travel into Israel and they must pass through military checkpoints to reach other West Bank villages . The Sendamessage Web site says other families cut off by the barrier are deprived of their livelihoods . The site describes how the wall separated a family from the hotel they owned and kept farmers away from their 500 olive trees . Israel 's supreme court has twice ruled that the government must reroute sections of the barrier to avoid infringing on the lives of thousands of Palestinians . Arouri represents a Palestinian non-profit group , the Peace and Freedom Youth Forum , that works on the social and political issues facing young people in the West Bank . About two-thirds of the money raised through the site goes to the group , which uses it to pay for projects like building a playground , buying bicycles , or establishing laundry facilities for university students in Bir Zeit , near Ramallah . The group says it only works with organizations that are legal in the Palestinian territories and allowed to operate by the Israeli government . The rest of the money goes to the group 's partners in the Netherlands , who maintain the Web site , accept payments , and manage the paperwork . First conceived at a Dutch-Palestinian workshop in Ramallah two years ago , the site has gone on to attract customers from around the world . There have been 910 orders so far , said Justus van Oel , a Dutch screenwriter who volunteers his time maintaining the site in the Netherlands . Spray-painting on the wall is a peaceful way for Palestinians to protest the barrier , Arouri said . "  You 're not only defying the existence of the wall , but you 're also showing the international community our refusal , first of all , to such a structure , " he said . "  Also , it 's an attempt to humanize the Palestinian society in the eyes of the world , showing that the Palestinians are not just militants who are violently resisting occupation . " There are other benefits to the project , too , Arouri said . The rest of the world can get a glimpse , however small , into the Palestinians ' lives behind the wall -- and the Palestinians get a sense that they 're not forgotten , Arouri said . "  There 's no big concept , " van Oel told CNN . "  The wall wo n't fall because texts are on it , but the people behind the wall , they will have a face . It 's also about beauty and poetry . It inspires people . " Poetry is indeed on the wall , as are emotional pleas to take the wall down . Marriage proposals are a frequent order , Arouri said , but so are jokes and funny messages . "  We had a series of obviously French  people  making silly jokes about each other , because the names were just being repeated and repeated , " he said . "  We also got a message supposedly from a dog , asking the neighbor 's dog to come out and play in the sun . " The diversity of the messages is something Arouri says he finds incredible . "  We 've covered most of the aspects of human life , " he said . Caspar Nieuwenhuis , a Dutch theater director , used the site to propose to his girlfriend . His plan was to feature a picture of the spray-painted proposal on a Dutch news broadcast about the wall and make sure his girlfriend , a journalist , was watching -- but the picture never aired . "  Then I thought , well , I have this photo of a Palestinian boy who 's writing my proposal on the wall , " Nieuwenhuis wrote to CNN . "  I 've got a notebook  computer  . I could save the photo  onto  my desktop and show it to my girlfriend , just that plain and simple . "  So I did . And when she saw this , she said ` yes ' and cried , " he said . Nieuwenhuis said he heard about the site through van Oel , a friend , and liked the idea right away . "  I thought it was a brilliant idea to have something beautiful written on an ugly wall , " he told CNN . The Sendamessage Foundation is also planning to spray-paint an entire letter written by South African human rights activist Farid Esack next month . It 's looking for customers to sponsor a portion of the letter in exchange for having their name signed onto the end . In the letter , Esack compares the situation in the Palestinian territories to South Africa under apartheid , the Web site says .	Web site takes orders for graffiti messages to be sprayed on Israeli barrier Security barrier separates Israel from Palestinian West Bank Messages of peace , marriage proposals , jokes among most popular slogans Activists says spray-painting is a form of peaceful protest for Palestinians
CNN  -- Two sailors were killed and a third injured during a training exercise at California 's Camp Pendleton on Monday morning , according to a spokesman . The accident occurred at 8 a.m. when the 7-ton bulk water tanker the sailors were driving rolled over , said Cmdr. Greg Hicks , a U.S. Navy 3rd Fleet spokesman . Hicks said the names of the victims are being withheld until their families can be notified . Meanwhile , the injured sailor was taken to a nearby hospital where he is listed in stable condition , Hicks said . The U.S. Marine Corps will conduct the investigation because it happened on their base , he said . A Marine Corps instructor was killed during a January 14 training exercise at Camp Pendleton when the amphibious assault vehicle he was riding in capsized and sank .	Vehicle rolls over during a training exercise at California 's Camp Pendleton Marine Corps will investigate because accident happened on its base In January , a Marine Corps instructor died when his assault vehicle sank
Washington  CNN  -- Had it not been for Rosa Parks and others of her era , President Barack Obama said he would n't be unveiling a bronze statue of the civil rights icon in the U.S. Capitol . "  We can do no greater honor ... than to carry forward her principle of courage born of conviction , " Obama said at a ceremony on Wednesday . Fifty-eight years after she refused to give up her seat to a white man on a segregated bus in Montgomery , Alabama , Parks became the first African-American woman to be honored with a full length statue in National Statuary Hall . The statue shows Parks sitting with her hands folded neatly in her lap , reminiscent of the day of her arrest . Her action echoed Martin Luther King Jr 's notion that civil disobedience could be effective in challenging segregation . "  The tired feet of those who walked the dusty roads of Montgomery helped a nation see that to which it had once been blind . It is because of these men and women that I stand here today , " Obama said . "  It is because of them that our children grow up in a land more free and more fair . A land truer to its founding creed , and that is why this statue belongs in this hall . " Obama was joined at the unveiling by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker John Boehner and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . Despite rising acrimony between Obama and congressional Republicans over the forced government spending cuts set to go into effect on Friday , Obama kept his remarks focused on Parks ' legacy . He praised her courage and the lasting effects of her actions . Congressional leaders did the same . The National Statuary Hall Collection consists of two sculptures gifted from each of the 50 states . They honor distinguished people throughout U.S. history , including several presidents . Parks ' statue was authorized by a special act of Congress that was introduced two days after her death in 2005 .	Rosa Parks is first African-American woman to be honored with a statue in Statuary Hall President Obama praised Parks ' lasting effects on the lives of all Americans Her refusal to give her seat up acted as a catalyst of the Montgomery Bus Boycott
Simferopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama and Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk had strong words for Russia on Wednesday as Washington again warned Moscow there will be consequences if it does n't remove its troops from Crimea and Kiev said that it will "  never surrender . " But Yatsenyuk also said after his meeting with Obama at the White House that Ukraine , a former Soviet Republic , wants to be good friends with Russia . "  We will continue to say to the Russian government that if it continues on the path that is on , then not only us but the international community ... will be forced to apply a cost to Russia 's violations of international law , " Obama told reporters . "  There is another path available , and we hope that  Russian  President  Vladimir  Putin is willing seize that path . " Yatsenyuk -- who took over after the ouster of Viktor Yanukovych , the pro-Russian former president of Ukraine -- said that Ukraine is fighting for its freedom . "  We fight for our sovereignty , and we will never surrender , " he said . Later he added that he wanted to be clear that Ukraine "  is and will be a part of the Western world " but still a "  good friend and partner of Russia . " At a meeting of an international affairs think tank called the Atlantic Council in Washington , Yatsenyuk further explained . "  We still want to have a free  and  equal partnership with Russia . And you ca n't do it having a military incursion . We do not consider a military option as the best option on how to fix this crisis , " he said . Even as the leaders met earlier pro-Russian forces were tightening their grip in Crimea ahead of a secession referendum denounced by the West . Well-armed men have effectively isolated the Crimean peninsula , which has an ethnic Russian majority , from the rest of Ukraine . Tensions flared Wednesday at a Ukrainian military base in Novoozernoye , in western Crimea . A CNN team saw Ukrainian forces load and cock their weapons as what appeared to be Russian soldiers moved in on the base and placed a heavy machine gun at the gates . The Russian troops pulled back . Yatsenyuk first met U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry before heading to the White House and later met with members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . He will go to New York on Thursday to address the United Nations Security Council . The Ukrainian delegation will also meet with Congress , the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund while in Washington , in an indication of international support for Ukraine 's fledgling government . Yatsenyuk 's visit comes as breakneck preparations are under way for a Sunday referendum in Ukraine 's Black Sea peninsula -- to be held largely in secret -- and tensions persist around Simferopol , Crimea 's capital . Flights to Crimea from Kiev , Istanbul and several other cities have been suspended for the rest of the week , with only those originating from Moscow landing . Crimeans will be able to choose between two alternatives when they vote : Do you support reuniting Crimea with Russia , as a subject of the Russian Federation ? Or , do you support the restoration of the 1992 Constitution of the Republic of Crimea and Crimea 's status as a part of Ukraine ? The Crimean Electoral Commission was delivering referendum ballots to regional administrative buildings , according to the body 's head , Michail Malishev . The new pro-Russian government on the peninsula in Ukraine 's southeast said Tuesday that if the voters opt to join Russia , the first step will be to declare Crimea an independent and sovereign state . Then it will apply to join the Russian Federation . Crimea 's representatives have already approached Moscow with their idea . Russian leaders have greeted them with open arms . Diplomatic pressure Russian-speaking troops wearing no identifying insignia have Crimea firmly under their control . Many believe that they belong at least in part to Russia 's military , an assertion Moscow has repeatedly denied . Russia says they are local "  self-defense " forces . There has been an international outcry over Crimea 's push for separation and warnings that the referendum wo n't be recognized in Kiev or elsewhere . Efforts to exert diplomatic pressure on Moscow continued Wednesday despite little sign that Russia is listening . Kerry said he would meet Friday in London with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , to continue discussions on the situation in Ukraine . Meanwhile , French President Francois Hollande told Putin , in a phone call that the referendum planned in Crimea "  has no legal basis . " Hollande urged Putin to "  do everything to prevent the annexation of Crimea to Russia , " saying that such a move would be unacceptable to the international community . In a different tone , a statement from the Kremlin said Putin and Hollande had agreed to continue discussions , and France 's foreign and defense ministers would travel to Moscow next week . U.S. military presence CNN has learned the Obama administration is expected to announce Thursday a Pentagon plan to keep the aircraft carrier USS George H. W. Bush in the Mediterranean Sea longer than planned to help reassure NATO allies in the wake of the Russian invasion of Crimea . One official said U.S. military assets in the region are being reviewed for "  what stays , what goes , what gets moved around . " Although the U.S. effort with Russia focuses on diplomatic initiatives , the military part of the equation was discussed in depth at a White House meeting Tuesday , the military official confirmed . Asked about the decision to keep the aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean , a senior administration official said not to expect much more muscle-flexing , or additional military steps , between now and Sunday 's referendum in Crimea . G7 tells Russia to back off The G7 -- the world 's leading industrial powers without Russia -- and leaders of the European Council and Commission issued a strongly worded statement calling on Russia to "  cease all efforts to change the status of Crimea contrary to Ukrainian law and in violation of international law . " The statement urged Russia to immediately halt actions supporting the referendum . "  Any such referendum would have no legal effect . Given the lack of adequate preparation and the intimidating presence of Russian troops , it would also be a deeply flawed process which would have no moral force . For all these reasons , we would not recognize the outcome , " it said . It warned that the annexation of Crimea could have "  grave implications " for the legal order protecting the sovereignty of all states . "  Should the Russian Federation take such a step , we will take further action , individually and collectively , " it said . The G7 nations -- the United States , Canada , France , Germany , United Kingdom , Italy and Japan -- had already suspended preparations for a planned G8 summit in the Russian city of Sochi in June in response to Russia 's actions in Ukraine . World stage The peninsula in the Black Sea , with a population of just over 2 million people , has stepped into the spotlight of the world stage . The West has been preparing sanctions and at the same time telling Moscow that there is a way out of an economic and diplomatic showdown : Talk to Ukraine 's new government and do n't intervene militarily . Moscow has denounced the events that led to Yanukovych 's ouster as an illegitimate coup and has refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities . Yanukovych , currently in Russia , insists he is still the legitimate leader of Ukraine and has vowed to return to Kiev "  as soon as the circumstances allow . " He fled Kiev on February 22 after three months of protests against his decision to scrap a trade deal with the European Union and embrace closer ties with Russia . Putin has said his government has the right to protect ethnic Russians living there . Unarmed military and civilian observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe are now on the ground in the city of Donetsk , in eastern Ukraine , the regional security bloc said via Twitter . The team was repeatedly turned back from entering Crimea by armed men . A report by the OSCE observer team said that although it was prevented from entering Crimea , its "  observations produced significant evidence of equipment consistent with the presence of Russian Federation military personnel  in the vicinity of  the various roadblocks encountered . " The evidence included Russian pattern uniforms and equipment without identifying patches , as well as trucks bearing license plate numbers associated with Russia 's Black Sea Fleet , the observers said . "  This report adds to our deep concerns and clearly suggests direct involvement by the Russian Federation and its agents in preventing impartial , unarmed observers from doing the work they are supposed to do , " U.S. Ambassador to the OSCE Daniel Baer said . "  Russian encouragement of and support for illegal checkpoints is unhelpful . " Meanwhile , the United Nations said assistant secretary-general for human rights , Ivan Simonovic , had canceled a visit to Crimea -- primarily because of the logistical challenges at Simferopol airport and because he had been informed by authorities that he could not be received . Aid package clears early hurdle Eight U.S. senators , led by Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , are scheduled to travel to Ukraine in coming days . Meanwhile , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved a package of loans and aid for Ukraine on Wednesday , along with sanctions against Russia for its military intervention . The measure , which now heads to the full Senate , also includes the approval of long-delayed reforms at the International Monetary Fund . The aid package includes $ 1 billion in loan guarantees from the United States as well as $ 50 million to boost democracy-building in Ukraine and $ 100 million for enhanced security cooperation for Ukraine and some of its neighbors . The full Senate will vote on the package after the chamber returns from a recess . "  It always takes time to make good things , " Yatsenyuk said Wednesday night , adding that his country praised the United States for its support . Russia : ` Absolutely legitimate ' Russian officials have compared Crimea 's potential departure from Ukraine to Kosovo 's secession from Serbia after many years of bloody civil war with its former neighbor . Western governments recognized the separation over bitter opposition from Serbia and its historical allies in Moscow . In a written statement , the Russian Foreign Ministry cited it as a precedent for the "  absolutely legitimate " Crimean vote . "  The Russian Federation will respect the results of the free vote of Crimea 's people during the referendum , " it said . INTERACTIVE : Comparing military forces CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Simferopol , as did journalist Nadjie Femi . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London and Steve Almasy and Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Anna Coren in Simferopol , Alla Eshchenko and Fred Pleitgen in Moscow , Tim Schwarz in Kiev , and Clare Sebastian in Crimea contributed to this report . CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Damien Ward , Shirley Henry , Harrie Reekie , Richard Roth , Stephanie Halasz , Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Matt Smith also contributed .	Ukrainian interim Prime Minister praises U.S. for aid package G7 nations issue strongly worded warning to Russia to halt its actions in Crimea Pro-Russians tighten their grip of security measures ahead of Sunday referendum U.S. ambassador to OSCE cites indications Russian forces are directly involved in Crimea
CNN  -- Hardly anyone has been rumored dead as often as al Qaeda 's No. 2 man in Yemen . Said al-Shihri has emerged from the aftermath of drone strikes in the past to lambast the CIA for trying to kill him . It seems it finally did . A message on jihadi websites announced his death Tuesday . It was purportedly posted by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . It did not say when or where al-Shihri died , just that a U.S. drone took his life sometime after the first week of April . Al-Shihri 's career as a terrorist leader has its roots in the U.S. detention camp in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . He was released in 2008 to his native Saudi Arabia under the condition that he not travel outside the country . He quickly disobeyed the order to join a fellow former Guantanamo inmate with AQAP in Yemen , where he climbed to the number two slot in 2009 . The CIA promptly put drones in the air with him in its crosshairs , and Yemeni authorities erroneously reported deadly direct hits . Shortly afterward , al-Shihri would pop up on jihadist websites to correct the reports . The occurrences repeated themselves -- most recently , in January . In April , al-Shihri issued a threat to the Saudi royal family for allegedly conspiring with American "  crusaders " against "  the faithful people of Yemen . " The jihadi statement said the airstrike killed him sometime after that .	Hardly anyone has been rumored dead as often as al-Shihri He was once a prisoner in Guantanamo He was released in 2008 to his native Saudi Arabia But he made a break for Yemen , rising to its leadership ranks
CNN  -- A 47-year-old man from Northern Ireland was found not guilty Friday of murder in the 2009 killings of two British soldiers at an army base in Northern Ireland . Brian Shivers had been accused of killing Patrick Azimkar , 21 , and Mark Quinsey , 23 , two English soldiers gunned down outside Massereene Barracks . The off-duty and unarmed servicemen were ambushed with gunfire as they collected a pizza delivery at the front gate of the base , hours before they were due to leave for a tour of Afghanistan . They were the first members of the British security forces to be killed in Northern Ireland since the signing of the Good Friday peace agreement in 1998 . The Real IRA , a splinter group of the Irish Republican Army , claimed responsibility for the attack . Shivers had been convicted of the murders last year and ordered to serve at least 25 years in jail . The Northern Ireland Court of Appeal quashed that judgment this year after Shivers challenged the trial verdict . He was then ordered to face a retrial . Prosecutors said Shivers ' DNA was found on matchsticks and a mobile phone found in and around an abandoned getaway car . The defense said the DNA did not prove he was involved in the shooting and could have been innocently associated with people who used the car . Shivers ' attorney has described him as an "  unlikely terrorist " because he had cystic fibrosis and a doctor had told him he only had a few years to live . The judge effectively sided with the defense , saying the evidence was n't strong enough . Another man , Colin Duffy , had been acquitted last year . Shivers also was acquitted of attempting to kill four other soldiers and two pizza delivery men and torching a getaway car .	Brian Shivers had been convicted before but the judgment was quashed Judge finds DNA evidence in a getaway car is not convincing Two English soldiers were gunned down outside barracks in Northern Ireland in 2009
CNN  -- Alain Prost has revealed that he hopes to resurrect the French Grand Prix , a race he won six times during his illustrious Formula One career . The four-time world champion driver is meeting with F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone about reinstating the event , which was last held in 2008 , at Circuit Paul Ricard near Marseille . "  We were very close to organizing a French Grand Prix in Paris a few years ago and now I 've been asked to advise and see if everything is correct , " the former McLaren driver told CNN ahead of this weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . "  I have the opportunity to meet Bernie and we 'll see what happens . It might be the right timing , that 's all I can say . But in the end it is always a question of money . " The Frenchman picked up the first of his 51 grand prix wins at his home race in 1981 . That year it was held in Dijon , which was rotated as a venue with Paul Ricard from the early 1970s until Magny Cours took over in 1991 . "  We could have organized a race in Paris a few years ago which was really the best project , " explained Prost , who also raced for Renault , Ferrari and Williams during a 13-year spell behind the wheel . "  If we can not do that , I think the Circuit Paul Ricard is really the best place ... in Europe , we are in a way missing Formula One . We still have some races but we miss the historical races . "  We still have Monza , we still have Silverstone , but we see that it is not that easy to organize . We have been everywhere in the world for the benefit of Formula One but at the end of the day , the culture , the tradition of Formula One and motor racing is really in Europe . " Prost has special attachment to the track in Le Castellet , where he took some of his first steps on the road to F1 . "  I feel a little bit nostalgic , " he said . "  In my heart I would be very pleased -- it became a fantastic track , a fantastic place and it would be a shame not to use it . "  I have a lot of memories . It 's like Silverstone in England . If you stop racing you lose almost all of the history from the country and that is not good . " After this weekend 's Abu Dhabi race , teams will stay at the Yas Marina circuit to take part in the annual young driver test event -- where a Prost will take to an F1 track for the first time since the 1993 Australian Grand Prix . Prost 's oldest son Nicolas is a development driver for the Lotus team , formerly known as Renault . The 31-year-old is a latecomer to motorsport , instead deciding to attend university in the U.S. where he was a keen golfer . "  I feel proud about what he 's doing today , " said Prost . "  He 's going to follow what the team want him to do , I know they are testing a few things for next year . It 's exactly what he wants to do . " Prost is unsure whether his son will follow him onto the grid , saying : "  We 'll wait and see . He 's very realistic , that is his quality . So he 's not going to be disappointed . " Meanwhile , reports have suggested F1 teams face increased entry fees next season as the sport looks to increase revenue . Motorsport 's world governing body , the FIA , will charge every entrant $ 500,000 plus further expenses for each championship point won this season . The constructors ' champions -- likely to be Red Bull -- will have to pay $ 6,000 per point , compared to $ 5,000 for the rest of the teams , according to the Autosport website . If these financial rules had been in place at the start of the 2012 season , Red Bull would have had to part with $ 4.4 million to enter the championship after picking up 650 points in 2011 . Meanwhile , Sebastian Vettel 's late-season charge towards a historic third successive drivers ' title gathered pace as the Red Bull driver set the fastest time in practice ahead of Sunday 's grand prix . The German , who holds a 13-point lead over Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso with just three races to go , pipped McLaren 's Mercedes-bound Lewis Hamilton by 0.168 seconds on Friday . Vettel , the youngest double world champion in F1 history , has won the last four grands prix to derail Alonso 's bid to win Ferrari 's first world championship since 2007 and his third overall . The Spaniard struggled to match the frontrunners , finishing the final session seventh fastest .	Alain Prost reveals talks being held over reinstating the French Grand Prix The race at the Circuit Paul Ricard was last held in 2007 Reports suggest the FIA is to increase entry fees for team for the 2013 season Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel sets the fastest time in practice ahead of the Abu Dhabi GP
CNN  Madonna says Israeli police have arrested a hacker who stole unfinished versions of her newest songs and leaked them online . "  I am profoundly grateful to the FBI , the Israeli Police investigators and anyone else who helped lead to the arrest of this hacker , " the pop singer said in a statement posted on her Facebook page Wednesday . "  I deeply appreciate my fans who have provided us with pertinent information and continue to do so regarding leaks of my music . " An undercover Israeli police investigation in collaboration with the FBI led to the suspect , Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . "  The Tel Aviv resident , born in 1976 , was believed to have stolen work from a number of artists and sold it online , " Samri said . "  We have confiscated many materials and computer equipment from the suspect 's house and investigations are still under way . " The stolen material included "  songs that have n't yet been released , sketches of songs , photos and other personal material , " Tamir Afori , Madonna 's attorney in Israel , told Haaretz . The theft cost the Queen of Pop millions of dollars in professional and personal damages , he told the newspaper . According to Haaretz , the suspect is a 38-year-old man who was set to be arraigned on charges of intellectual property theft and aggravated fraud . The FBI said its investigation would continue . "  This case highlights the international scope of online criminal activity and the need for close cooperation between nations as we collectively identify and bring to justice those who pose a threat in cyberspace , " the FBI said . Madonna 's next album , "  Rebel Heart , " is set for release in March . After the songs leaked in December , a photo of broken iPod appeared on Madonna 's Instagram feed . "  This broken ipod is a symbol of my broken heart ! That my music has been stolen and leaked ! I have been violated as a human and an artist ! " she wrote . Leaks have tormented Madonna in the past . In 2003 , the singer 's website was defaced and every song off her "  American Life " album was leaked online . In her statement Wednesday , Madonna said her right to privacy had been violated . "  This invasion into my life -- creatively , professionally , and personally -- remains a deeply devastating and hurtful experience , " she said , "  as it must be for all artists who are victims of this type of crime . " CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	Israeli police arrest a hacker accused of stealing Madonna 's songs "  I am profoundly grateful , " the Queen of Pop says in a Facebook post Madonna 's lawyer tells Haaretz the theft cost her millions of dollars
CNN  -- Neil Bolen has worked as a civil engineer with the Federal Aviation Administration for the past 24 years , designing air traffic control radar systems that help keep America moving . Now he 's got a message for Congress : Get moving on a plan to save his job . Bolen , a 48-year-old father of two from the Atlanta area , is one of thousands of Americans with ties to the aviation industry who are suddenly finding themselves out of work this summer because of Congress 's failure to pass routine legislation keeping the FAA funded . The House and Senate have gone on vacation , leaving Bolen on furlough . He 's had no choice but to file for unemployment , prioritize which bills to pay , and dig into his family 's savings in order to make ends meet . "  Congress does n't care about me at all , " Bolen told CNN . "  They 're not done with their work and they go on vacation . How do they do that ? " Bolen says he 's tried to "  avoid politics as a rule " his whole life , but now he 's calling his congressman and senators -- to no avail . "  It 's always somebody else 's fault " when you call their offices , he says . "  It 's never our fault . " The House adjourned Monday after a divisive vote to raise the national debt ceiling , leaving the Senate with an FAA funding extension bill it did not like and could not amend . So the Senate recessed Tuesday night without doing anything . At issue is a decision by Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican , to add a provision to the funding extension cutting subsidies to rural airports . The measure is opposed by powerful Democrats such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . There 's also a dispute over provisions that would make it easier for airline employees to unionize . Democrats support the section ; Republicans generally oppose it . Bolen and 4,000 other FAA employees are stuck in the middle of the dispute . But they 're not the only people being hurt . The FAA has stopped hundreds of airport construction projects nationwide , putting about 24,000 construction workers out of work . Another 35,000 support workers , such as food service vendors , are also affected , according to the Associated General Contractors of America . The FAA says the impasse will also prevent the federal government from collecting approximately $ 200 million a week in airline passenger taxes -- or about $ 1.2 billion during the congressional recess . Other workers caught up in the mess share Bolen 's frustrating and growing anger with Congress . "  We 're into the politics of confrontation versus looking out for the interests for constituents , " said Troy Swanberg , a mechanical engineer from Chicago . "  I 'm really disappointed . " He called the situation "  unconscionable . " Swanberg , 42 , has worked for the FAA for 20 years and has a 2-year-old daughter . Like Bolen , he 's digging into his savings . He 's also looking for another job . Robert Aitken , 47 , works for the FAA in Burlington , Massachusetts . He 's been with the FAA for 18 years , and before that spent five years in the Navy . He has two children , ages 9 and 12 . "  We 're just in shock that  Congress  actually did not get this done , " he told CNN . "  We understand this is politics , but this is just insane . " Aitken said he 's "  very upset " Congress "  did n't think this was important enough to stick around for . " He stressed that it 's not just federal workers who are being hurt by the latest Washington stalemate . "  They 're going to put people out of business , " he warned . "  Small companies will go under . " Curtis Howe , 50 , works for the FAA in Seattle . He helped build the control tower at nearby Seattle-Tacoma International Airport , among other things . Recently , he and his wife took out a 15-year home equity loan in order to put a new roof on their house . Now he 's being forced to use that money to pay his regular bills . "  It 's almost like there 's a ... dog walking down the road , and he picked up a hand grenade in his mouth and it 's going to go off . They do n't even know what they 're doing , " he said in reference to Congress . "  Who are they ? Are they better than us ? " "  This is a clear attack on middle America , " Howe said . "  This is a punch in the face . It 's terrible . " CNN 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report	4,000 aviation workers are being furloughed because Congress has n't approved FAA funding Thousands of other workers are also affected because of the failure to pass legislation An FAA engineer from Atlanta says , "  Congress does n't care about me at all " An FAA employee from Seattle calls the failure to pass a bill a "  clear attack on middle America "
Washington  CNN  -- Legalization of the more than 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the United States would raise wages , increase consumption , create jobs and generate more tax revenue , two policy institutes say in a joint report Thursday . The report by the Center for American Progress and the American Immigration Council estimates that "  comprehensive immigration reform that legalizes currently unauthorized immigrants and creates flexible legal limits on future immigration " would yield at least $ 1.5 trillion in added U.S. gross domestic product over a 10-year period . "  This is a compelling economic reason to move away from the current ` vicious cycle ' where enforcement-only policies perpetuate unauthorized migration and exert downward pressure on already low wages , and toward a ` virtuous cycle ' of worker empowerment in which legal status and labor rights exert upward pressure on wages , " study author Raul Hinojosa-Ojeda writes . The study looks at three scenarios : deportation of undocumented workers , temporary worker programs and legalization of the current undocumented population . Deportation would lead to a loss of $ 2.6 trillion in gross domestic product over 10 years , the report says , while a worker program would lead to a gain of $ 792 billion . Full legalization would lead to the best economic results , the study says . Other groups , such as the Center for Immigration Studies and the Federation for American Immigration Reform , say that unfettered immigration harms the United States and that entry into the nation must remain limited . When running for president in 2008 , Barack Obama said that comprehensive immigration reform would be a priority in his administration , but the issue has been sidelined by health care reform efforts in Congress , the weak economy and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . There are indications , however , that the Obama administration aims to revive immigration reform efforts in Congress this year . The study bases many of its conclusions on an examination of what happened after passage of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 , which granted legal status to 3 million unauthorized immigrants . A 2006 Pew Hispanic Center report found that 56 percent of illegal immigrants in the United States in 2005 were from Mexico , a total of about 6.2 million unauthorized immigrants . About 2.5 million unauthorized migrants , or 22 percent of the total , came from the rest of Latin America , primarily from Central America , the Pew Hispanic Center study found . Of the remaining illegal immigrants , about 13 percent were from Asia , and 3 percent were from Canada and Europe , the Pew study said . The report released Thursday says U.S. enforcement efforts -- mainly along the nearly 2,000-mile border with Mexico -- are costly and ineffective . "  The number of unauthorized immigrants in the United States has increased dramatically since the early 1990s despite equally dramatic increases in the amount of money the federal government spends on immigration enforcement , " study author Hinojosa-Ojeda writes . According to the report , the U.S. Border Patrol says its annual budget has increased by 714 percent since 1992 , from $ 326.2 million in fiscal year 1992 to $ 2.7 billion in fiscal 2009 . And the cost ratio of Border Patrol expenditures to apprehensions has increased by 1,041 percent , from $ 272 per apprehension in 1992 to $ 3,102 in 2008 . Similarly , the Border Patrol says the number of agents along the border with Mexico has grown by 390 percent , from 3,555 in fiscal 1992 to 17,415 in 2009 . "  Yet the unauthorized immigrant population of the United States has roughly tripled in size over the past two decades , from an estimated 3.5 million in 1990 to 11.9 million in 2008 , " the report says , noting that illegal immigration appears to have declined slightly since 2007 as a result of the global recession . The report points out that a long-term study conducted by the University of California , San Diego , found that 92 to 98 percent of unauthorized immigrants keep trying to cross the border until they succeed . Increased enforcement has several unintended consequences , such as making the Southwestern border more lethal by channeling migrants through remote and rugged mountain and desert areas , the study found . The number of border-crossing deaths doubled in the decade after increased border enforcement started , a 2006 Government Accountability Office report said . An October 2009 report by the American Civil Liberties Union of San Diego & Imperial Counties and Mexico 's National Commission of Human Rights estimates that 5,607 migrants died while crossing the border between 1994 and 2008 . Tightened borders also have created new opportunities for people smugglers , who charged an average $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 per person in 2006 , the study said . Ninety percent of illegal immigrants now hire smugglers , according to the report . An examination of trends after the 1986 immigration reform law shows that legalization of unauthorized immigrants has benefits , the report says . Legalized workers earned more , moved on to better jobs and invested more in their education so they could get higher pay and better jobs . A previous study found that "  the wages of unauthorized workers are generally unrelated to their actual skill level , " Thursday 's report said . "  Unauthorized workers tend to be concentrated in the lowest-wage occupations ; they try to minimize the risk of deportation even if this means working for lower wages ; and they are especially vulnerable to outright exploitation by unscrupulous employers . Once unauthorized workers are legalized , however , these artificial barriers to upward socioeconomic mobility disappear . " Study author Hinojosa-Ojeda is founding director of the North American Integration and Development Center at the University of California , Los Angeles . The self-described progressive Center for American Progress is a nonpartisan research and educational think tank headed by John Podesta , who was chief of staff for President Bill Clinton . The Immigration Policy Center , established in 2003 , also is a nonpartisan institute . The report , titled "  Raising the Floor for American Workers , The Economic Benefits of Comprehensive Immigration Reform , " can be found on the Web .	2 policy institutes look at the more than 11 million unauthorized immigrants in U.S. Report : Legalization of current population would boost wages , consumption , jobs , tax revenue Institutes estimate $ 1.5 trillion boost in U.S. gross domestic product over 10 years But other groups say unfettered immigration harms U.S. , so entry into nation must be limited
LONDON , England  CNN  -- David Prowse , who played Darth Vader in the original "  Star Wars " films , has revealed he is suffering from prostate cancer but is still feeling "  fantastic . " David Prowse signs autographs during the opening day of "  Star Wars Celabration IV " in Los Angeles in 2007 . Prowse , who wore the black suit and helmet to play the Dark Lord of the Sith , told a British radio station he had been undergoing radiotherapy at a hospital in south London and was helping its fundraising appeal . "  I 'm involved with the Royal Marsden Hospital appeal because I 'm undergoing treatment for prostate cancer , would you believe , " he told Absolute Radio . "  I 'm having my very last treatment this morning . " "  I 've had two months ' radiotherapy treatment at the Royal Marsden . It 's the most fantastic hospital you could ever wish to go to . " James Earl Jones did the voice for Vader , Luke Skywalker 's father ,  and also for CNN promotional links  in the films as Prowse 's western English accent was thought to be unsuitable for the part . Prowse , 73 , added he was fighting the disease . "  The only thing I 've had is hot flushes and my wife tells me I 'm going menopausal , " he said . "  It 's amazing what can be done so long as you catch it early . " "  Every man over the age of 50 should have a PSA test  a blood test for prostate cancer  and that just gives you some indication of whether you have prostate problems . "	David Prowse , who played Darth Vader in "  Star Wars , " has prostate cancer Prowse says he is undergoing radiotherapy at hospital in south London Actor said every man over 50 should have a blood test for prostate cancer
CNN  -- An American graduate student who went to Iraq to find ways to help ordinary citizens persevere in a transitioning government was one of two American civilians killed in a Sadr City bombing . Nicole Suveges , a political scientist working toward her doctorate , died in a Sadr City bombing Tuesday . Nicole Suveges , a married political scientist from Illinois , was part of a program that embeds academics into military units to help personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan navigate the local environment , according to her employer , BAE Systems . Suveges , who started her tour with Human Terrain System in April , had been assigned to support the 3rd Brigade Combat Team for the 4th Infantry Division in "  political , cultural , and tribal engagements , " a statement from the program said . She was one of four Americans to die in the Sadr City bombing Tuesday . Two U.S. soldiers and a State Department employee , Steven Farley , who worked with the provincial reconstruction team , also were killed in the blast . "  Nicole was a leading academic who studied for years on how to improve conditions for others , " Doug Belair , president of BAE 's Technology Solutions & Services , said in a written statement . "  She came to us to give freely of herself in an effort to make a better world . " Suveges was the second BAE employee to die in a combat zone this year . Michael V. Bhatia , 31 , a social scientist from Medway , Massachusetts , died in a roadside bombing May 7 in Afghanistan , BAE said . Scott Fazekas , BAE 's director of communications , said Suveges and Bhatia were among three dozen social scientists hired by the company and its subcontractors to support the program . The Johns Hopkins University graduate student was also working toward a doctorate in political science with an emphasis on international relations . The focus of her dissertation was on the transition from an authoritarian regime to democracy and how it affects ordinary citizens , the university said . "  Nicole was committed to using her learning and experience to make the world a better place , especially for people who have suffered through war and conflict , " William R. Brody , president of the university , said in a message Wednesday to the campus community . "  She exemplifies all that we seek to do at Johns Hopkins : to use knowledge for the good of humanity . " Mark Blyth , Suveges ' primary faculty adviser , said that when Suveges came to Johns Hopkins , she planned to write her Ph.D. dissertation on how ideas move across borders from society to society , exploring how radical Islamic ideas filtered through Western European mosques . After the outbreak of the Iraq war , Suveges decided to shift her focus to the experience of ordinary citizens under a transitional government , said Blyth , a topic that had interested Suveges since her experience in Bosnia with the SFOR/NATO Combined Joint Psychological Operations Task Force . "  She was a very bright , engaging , sweet person , very intellectually curious , " Blyth said Wednesday . BAE said Suveges ' experience , which included a tour in Iraq as a civilian contractor and a stint in Bosnia in the 1990s as an Army reservist , made her especially valuable in efforts to improve the lives of Iraqis . A Human Terrain System statement said Suveges and others were attending a meeting of the District Advisory Council on Tuesday to elect a new chairman . The officials were helping mediate disputes among the Sadr City leadership and "  facilitate the development of a more representative local government , " the statement said . The attack was blamed on a Shiite insurgent cell . Suveges graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1992 and received a master 's degree in political science from George Washington University in 1998 . She had delivered papers to international relations organizations and served as a graduate teaching assistant , the company said . At Johns Hopkins , she was managing editor for the Review of International Political Economy , the university said . Maj. Mike Kenfield , spokesman for the Army 's training and doctrine command , said that the program was credited for "  reductions in non-lethal operations " and that there had been talk about expanding the purview of the team to outside Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Nicole Suveges , 38 , was part of team of academic embeds advising military in Iraq The political scientist and Johns Hopkins grad student died in Sadr City bombing Suveges is second Human Terrain System employee to die in combat zone this year She was also finishing dissertation on citizens in transitioning governments
CNN  -- A powerful storm is making its way through the northeastern U.S. , expected to dump 2 feet of snow or more in some areas . This weekend will be another test of how accurate those forecasts are . Weather forecasts are much more accurate today than decades ago , but they are still not perfect . There are two big hurdles to overcome . One is creating accurate mathematical descriptions of the dynamics of the atmosphere . Two is increasing the resolution of the weather model . There are many features of the atmosphere that interact in complex ways . For example , the microphysics of clouds is very hard to describe mathematically , and varies for different types of clouds . There are internal gravity waves , which propagate continuously through the atmosphere with significant energy and have the capability of driving , or slowing , strong winds . The atmosphere includes general circulations that are affected by each other , and by the dynamics of the ocean and rotation of the earth . Depending on the temperature , pressure and humidity of the air , clouds will form and eventually result in rain . Any anomaly can change the entire system .  Just think of the Butterfly Effect , in which a small change such as a butterfly flapping its wings can affect something bigger , like a bird flying by , which can affect something even bigger , like an airplane , until a storm is formed .  Once we find that anomaly , we can track it because we know how the surrounding circulations can affect it . By the numbers : Northeast blizzard We predict the weather by putting all the observations we have on winds , temperatures , pressures and other variables into a mathematical model that estimates how these systems will interact . Unfortunately , the earth 's circumference at the equator is almost 25,000 miles , so when we try to model the entire earth , and go up into the mesosphere  about 25 to 50 miles above the earth  the picture gets fuzzier . Meteorologists can tell you , about five days out , with fair certainty what the weather will be like in your city or town . But it 's nearly impossible to accurately model strong weather systems such as big storms or hurricanes , which include various cloud systems . In 2011 , some residents in Staten Island , New York , evacuated from their homes before Hurricane Irene approached , but Irene took another path and the evacuation turned out to be unnecessary . The mathematical model was n't wrong , but it could n't know with absolute certainty the pathway of Irene . In 2010 , a big winter storm was predicted for Utah . Many schools in the state canceled classes . The storm turned out not to be not so bad . This may be partly due to the effect of small , unresolved variations in the atmosphere , such as internal waves , that weakened the storm . Staying safe when the lights go out Although miscalculations occur , they are not particularly common , especially over the past decade . We have a much better understanding of the dynamics of the atmosphere , more observations from towers , balloons and radar , and faster computers with much more processing speed and memory . Weather forecasting models are continually improving . Meteorologists are expected to know everything that is happening around the earth and tens of miles into the atmosphere . That 's more space than we can even fathom . And all of the systems within that space affect each other . Think of it this way : A meteorologist 's job is equivalent to guessing when a flashmob is going to break out . At the outset , it seems impossible . But if you meet every person in your city , get to know each of their general habits , and keep track of everyone 's plans , you could guess when they might break out into song and dance as a group . We now know more about all of the systems in the atmosphere , how they affect each other and how they interact . There can still be anomalies , like that out-of-towner , but overall we have a pretty good idea what is going to happen and when . And if an anomaly occurs , how it will affect the entire system . We tease meteorologists about being wrong when they ca n't predict the weather to the exact detail , but their job is much harder than most people understand . Just try to remember that the next time you have to shovel yourself out of that unexpected extra 6 inches of snow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julie Crockett .	A powerful storm is making its way through the Northeast Julie Crockett : Weather forecasts are much more accurate than decades ago It 's nearly impossible to accurately model strong weather systems , she says Crockett : The dynamics of the atmosphere is complex ; meteorologists have a tough job
CNN  -- Recent ballistic missile tests by India , Pakistan and North Korea -- which has ominously threatened to "  reduce to ashes " the South Korean military "  in minutes " -- are once again focusing the world 's attention on the dangers of nuclear war . This concern was dramatically underscored in a new report released at the Nobel Peace Laureates Summit in Chicago . Titled "  Nuclear Famine : A Billion People at Risk "  PDF  , the study shows that even a limited nuclear war , involving less than half of 1 % of the world 's nuclear arsenals , would cause climate disruption that could set off a global famine . The study , prepared by International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War and its U.S. affiliate , Physicians for Social Responsibility , used a scenario of 100 Hiroshima-sized bombs exploded in a war between India and Pakistan . If there were such a war , the study estimated that 1 billion people , one-sixth of the human race , could starve over the following decade . Along with recent events , these findings require a fundamental change in our thinking about nuclear weapons . The study , in positing a war between India and Pakistan , shows the importance of understanding that smaller nuclear powers , not just the United States and Russia , pose a threat to the whole world . But the greater lesson concerns the forces of the larger nuclear powers . Each U.S. Trident submarine can destroy 100 cities and produce the global famine described in the study . The United States has 14 of them , a fleet of land-based nuclear missiles , and an arsenal of nuclear weapons that can be delivered by bombers . The Russians possess the same grotesque overkill capacity . Even the most ambitious arms reductions under discussion would leave the United States and Russia with 300 warheads each , most of them 10 to 30 times larger than a Hiroshima sized bomb . This would be a massive arsenal capable of producing the global famine scenario many , many times over . These arsenals are an archaic , but lethal , holdover from the Cold War . Their continued existence poses an ongoing threat to all humanity . Steps can and should be taken immediately to lessen this danger . Substantial numbers of these weapons remain on what The New York Times has described as "  hair-trigger alert . " They can be fired in 15 minutes or less and destroy cities a continent away 30 minutes later . This alert posture creates the needless danger of an accidental or unintended launch , and the United States and Russia have had many close calls , preparing to launch a nuclear strike at the other under the mistaken belief they were under attack . The most recent of these near-misses that we know about took place in January 1995 , well after the end of the Cold War . The United States and Russia should stand down their nuclear arsenals so that it takes longer to launch their missiles , lessening the danger of an accidental war . U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladamir Putin can take this step on their own without negotiating a formal treaty . Beyond this , it is time to begin urgent talks aimed at reducing the U.S. and Russian arsenals as the next essential step toward multilateral negotiations for a Nuclear Weapons Convention , a binding , verifiable , enforceable treaty that eliminates nuclear weapons altogether . As former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev observed on reviewing the new "  Nuclear Famine " study : "  I am convinced that nuclear weapons must be abolished . Their use in a military conflict is unthinkable ; using them to achieve political objectives is immoral . "  Over 25 years ago , President Ronald Reagan and I ended our summit meeting in Geneva with a joint statement that ` Nuclear war can not be won and must never be fought , ' and this new study underscores in stunning and disturbing detail why this is the case . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : India , Pakistan and North Korea missile tests bring up dangers of nuclear war Study shows war using half of 1 % of global nuke arsenals would set off world famine U.S. and Russia have huge nuclear arsenals , they say , a lethal holdover from Cold War It 's urgent for talks about reducing arsenals , they write , with a ban on weapons the goal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Plans to rejuvenate a dilapidated London icon -- known worldwide to movie and music fans -- were unveiled last week . The redevelopment of Battersea Power Station includes a new eco-dome and a solar chimney . Battersea Power Station , which has dominated the west London skyline since 1933 , will -- subject to planning approval -- undergo an $ 8 billion redevelopment including shops , homes , a hotel , offices and a striking 300 meter eco-tower . The building appeared on the cover of the 1977 Pink Floyd album "  Animals , " complete with a giant pig floating above its four distinctive towers . It has also appeared in numerous movies including sci-fi drama "  The Children of Men " , new Batman feature "  The Dark Knight " and Alfred Hitchcock 's "  Sabotage . " Real Estate Opportunities Ltd  REO  , who currently own the 38 acre site say the defunct and crumbling edifice will be : "  brought back to life in the most spectacular way . It will be a place to live , work and play " . An Irish development company , REO is planning to spend $ 300 million repairing the old coal-powered station and get it working again -- this time producing energy from biofuels , waste and other renewable energy sources . At the heart of the regeneration stands a vast new chimney and eco-dome , which as well as housing apartments and offices will act as a vast solar ventilation system cutting down the building 's energy demand by two thirds . Managing Director of REO 's development manager , Treasury Holdings UK , Rob Tincknell describes it as "  a power station for the 21st century ... supporting a truly sustainable , zero carbon development " . Uruguayan architect Rafael Vinoly whose daunting job it was to come up with a workable new design for the much loved site describes the old power station as a "  remarkable architectural presence " . In creating a vast transparent chimney Vinoly hopes that it will contrast with what he describes as the "  monumental mass " of J. Theo Halliday and Sir Giles Gilbert Scott 's original design . Of course , we 've been here before . Since the turbines were shut down for the final time in 1983 the power station -- situated on the south bank of the river Thames -- has been the subject of several failed redevelopment ventures . In 1983 , a scheme proposed by UK businessman John Broome promised to turn the power station into a gigantic theme park . But by the decade 's close and despite the enthusiastic backing of UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher his funding package for redevelopment , much like the site itself , were in a ruinous state . In 1996 , development company Parkview International headed up by Victor Hwang acquired the freehold for the site . By the time its current owners REO bought the site a decade later another over ambitious redevelopment scheme -- which included a single table restaurant atop one of the four chimneys -- had come and gone . By now the entire site was in a pretty parlous state -- the chimneys being declared beyond repair and threatened with imminent demolition . This new proposal has already provoked a chorus of dissent . Writing in London 's Evening Standard newspaper , architecture critic Rowan Moore described the idea as : "  spectacularly , riotously , extravagantly nuts , " telling the developers and planners to : "  Forget it . Do not try to compromise with a tower two-thirds as high . Do not build a tower . Aim for zero-carbon and beautiful buildings ... " . The Guardian 's resident architecture expert Jonathan Glancey gave the designs a cool reception describing them as ; "  more than a little over the top " . CNN spoke to Keith Garner , an architect and member of the Battersea Power Station Community Group about the new proposals . He did n't mince his words . "  If you take it as a serious proposal , it 's immensely harmful , " he said . "  It is a massive tower -- about the same size as the gherkin . Battersea Power Station is a Grade II * listed building . If you put a tower of that mass next to it , you are going to diminish its significance . "  If you are serious about rescuing this building you would do it in stages . The old turbine halls and the switch houses are easily reusable . A sensible , rational approach to this would involve starting with the power station itself and doing the work in small achievable phases . " Consequently , Garner does n't believe that the new plans are credible . "  I think the developers have overplayed it . This is a joke and I think it needs to be denounced for what it is -- a ludicrous and unnecessary diversion from the principal task of repairing the building . " Take a look at the photos of the new proposal and classic images on the tab at the top of the page . Tell us what you think of the latest redevelopment plans in the sound off box below . Do you think they will dwarf the old power station and compromise its iconic status ?	New plans to rejuvenate the iconic Battersea Power Station site have been unveiled A new chimney and eco-dome form part of a 21st century blueprint for sustainability Critics remain unconvinced that the new development is desirable or achievable
Istanbul  CNN  -- Ninety to 100 Kurdish rebel fighters have been killed during Turkey 's incursion on northern Iraq , the Turkish military said Tuesday . The military carried out more than 130 airstrikes and nearly 350 artillery strikes between last Wednesday and Monday in an offensive against fighters of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , in neighboring Iraq . Around 80 people have been wounded in the push , the military said . On Sunday night , a PKK spokesman said no rebels had been killed . Turkish armed forces are striking what the country calls PKK "  safe havens " and "  attack bases " in the region . Targets included rebel barracks , caves , ammunition depots and anti-aircraft positions in the region , part of Iraq 's Kurdish autonomous region . Dozens of Turkish soldiers have been killed over the last month , in a clear escalation of the conflict that has raged intermittently between Kurdish separatists and the Turkish state since 1984 . More than 30,000 people have been killed in the conflict , many of them ethnic Kurds . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . Turkish authorities have not responded to reports from the Iraq 's Kurdish authorities that a family of seven civilians was killed by an airstrike on Sunday .	Around 80 people have been wounded , Turkish military says The casualties were from last week into Monday Turkey has been pounding PKK "  safe havens "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- It has been nearly eight years since U.S. forces overthrew the Taliban leaders of Afghanistan , but the war against the Taliban insurgency is bloodier than ever . A U.S. soldier takes his position near a building attacked by the Taliban south of Kabul , Afghanistan , on Monday . The number of Afghan civilians killed in the wake of the war has increased 24 percent in the first six months of this year compared with the same time period last year , according to the United Nations . And NATO and American forces suffered record losses this summer , with 75 troops killed in the month of July , making it the deadliest month for Western troops in the country since American warplanes first began bombing the Taliban in October 2001 . The U.S. death toll will remain high for some time as the Taliban has gained the upper hand , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , told The Wall Street Journal in an interview published Monday . "  It 's a very aggressive enemy right now , " McChrystal told the newspaper in the interview Saturday at his office in Kabul , Afghanistan . "  We 've got to stop their momentum , stop their initiative . It 's hard work . " The Taliban insurgency has blossomed in northern Afghan provinces such as Kunduz and Baghlan , long considered some of the safest territory in the country . And just 20 miles east of Kabul , Taliban "  judges " operate openly in the back of pickup trucks , settling legal disputes between villagers in makeshift "  mobile courts . " The insurgents are filling a vacuum left by Afghanistan 's Western-backed government , which foreign diplomats and military commanders concede suffers from nepotism , corruption and predatory practices . Challenge to the Afghan government Afghans will go to the polls on August 20 to vote in the nation 's second presidential election since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . Opposition candidates have blamed the Taliban insurgency 's continued growth on Hamid Karzai , the man who has occupied the presidential palace in Kabul for the past seven years . "  Because of the failure of the current administration , in losing the support of its own people , there is a vacuum , and that vacuum has led to a deterioration of security as well as in all parts of life , " said Karzai 's top challenger , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah . McChrystal , a former U.S. joint special operations commander who recently took command of the U.S.-NATO operation in Afghanistan , said the Taliban are challenging the very legitimacy of his partners in the Afghan government . "  The fundamental conflict in any insurgency is fighting for legitimacy with the people and the support of the population , " he explained in a recent interview with CNN . "  Who do they look to as their legitimate government ? Who do they pay taxes to ? Who do they look to for rule of law ? Who do they look to as protection ? In the case of this insurgency , what we have is an Afghan government that is trying to establish itself around the country . It has problems with corruption . It has problems in some cases with predatory behavior . " Along the traffic-choked streets of Kabul , residents rarely complain about the Taliban . Instead , they often rail against the Western-backed Afghan state . "  What service has this government provided us ? " asked Fawad , a young street vendor who sells watermelons for 20 cents apiece . He said that at least once a week , Afghan police show up and demand bribes of up to $ 100 from vendors , who must pay if they want to continue selling their goods . "  We do n't want a tyrant who oppresses the people , " Fawad said when asked who he would vote for in the elections . "  What we want is security . " Earlier this month , an Afghan employee for CNN , who prefers not to be named for security reasons , witnessed how locals turn to the Taliban to resolve their disputes , in a village barely 20 miles east of the Afghan capital . He said openly armed insurgents rolled up in a pickup truck , and a Taliban judge began mediating local disputes . In one case , the Taliban official resolved a disagreement between two shepherds whose flocks of sheep had gotten intermixed while grazing . "  I was shocked , " said the Afghan eyewitness , who was visiting the village to attend a funeral . "  The villagers were lining up asking for help from the Taliban . " NATO commanders say they have had reports of Taliban "  mobile courts " operating in similar fashion just outside the southern city of Kandahar . "  There are cases of rule of law being taken care of by the Taliban instead of the Afghan government , " said Col. Paul Kolken , a Dutch military spokesman at Kandahar Air Base . He said the Taliban are operating mobile courts as close as possible to the city of Kandahar . Afghan corruption at the highest levels ? Human rights activists accuse the Karzai government of making deals with some of the country 's most notorious warlords ahead of the August 20 presidential elections . "  A lot of Afghans are telling us they 're quite disappointed that Karzai 's not even running on a platform of promises or performance , but just an old fashioned Afghan cutting of deals , " said Sam Zarifi of Amnesty International . He pointed to a recent article by Elizabeth Rubin , in the New York Times Magazine , that describes Karzai 's choice of Mohammed Fahim , a former Northern Alliance militia commander , as vice presidential running mate . Fahim has long been accused of committing human rights abuses . "  Starting on the top and bringing Fahim back , this is horrific , " Zarifi said . He lamented that Afghan politicians are rarely prosecuted for crimes , and if they are , they are often pardoned . "  Karzai has really regressed over the past seven or eight years , " Zarifi said . Many Afghan observers argue this culture of impunity runs directly to the presidential palace . For years , Karzai 's brother , Ahmed Wali , has been dogged by accusations that he is a major player in the booming drug trade in southern Afghanistan . One high-ranking Western diplomat stationed in Kabul described discussing the allegations with Karzai in a one-on-one meeting . Karzai asked for advice on how best to address his brother 's alleged illicit business dealings , the diplomat said . At one point , the diplomat said , Karzai looked up helplessly , asking , "  He 's my brother . What can I do ? " Both Karzai and his brother have repeatedly dismissed the allegations as politically motivated . This month , Karzai made a rare trip outside his presidential palace to woo voters in Baghlan province . He conceded that Afghanistan is still far from stable , but promised that if re-elected he would redouble his efforts to rebuild the country . "  Terrorism is still harassing us . It is still killing us . It is still destroying this land , " he told a crowd of several thousand supporters . "  The moment I become the president of Afghanistan -- again -- through your vote , through your able hands , my first attempt will be to ensure perpetual peace . " Several days later , at a press conference with Karzai , the newly appointed secretary general of the NATO military alliance , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , called for NATO countries to contribute more troops to support the Afghan government . "  NATO-ISAF is here to protect your elections , " the former Danish prime minister said at Kabul 's presidential palace . "  What we need are credible elections that reflect the will of the people . " ISAF -- the International Security Assistance Force -- is the United Nations-mandated U.S.-NATO presence in Afghanistan . U.S. needs a strong Afghan partner President Obama 's administration has committed more resources and troops to battling the insurgency and training Afghan security forces , while also sending additional diplomats and civilian aid workers to focus on reconstruction and development . When Obama took office , he vowed to redirect military resources from the war in Iraq to Afghanistan , which he described as being -- along with neighboring Pakistan -- the "  central front in our enduring struggle against terrorism and extremism . " McChrystal told The Wall Street Journal that he is still considering a request to send 10,000 more troops to Afghanistan in addition to the planned 68,000 troops that are expected to be in place by the end of the year . The information is a preview of a strategic assessment he plans to deliver to Washington later this month . The military initiative is an effort to bolster Afghanistan 's weak government , which many Afghan observers argue has been , more than anything , a source of frustration and popular disappointment . "  If the same trend continues , if the same failing of the administration continues , more troops , more resources , more civilian advisors will not be a substitute , " argued presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah . Security will be on the minds of most Afghan voters as they head to the polls , according to Jahid Mohseni , the Australian-Afghan head of Tolo TV , Afghanistan 's most influential TV channel . "  People are frustrated with things not happening , " Mohseni said . "  In terms of day-to-day life , the development that they wanted in government has not been happening . " "  They are looking at being able to walk down the street at night without ... risking getting attacked , et cetera . They want to make sure that their kids do n't get kidnapped . "	Eight years since U.S. forces overthrew the Taliban leaders of Afghanistan But the war against the Taliban insurgency is bloodier than ever Kabul residents rarely complain about the Taliban , often rail against Afghan state Security will be on minds of voters at polls August 20 , Afghan journalist says
CNN  -- The federal judge presiding over the case of reputed former Boston mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger has been removed by the First Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston , after the defense raised concerns about his ability to be impartial . The judge , Richard Stearns , was as a prosecutor in the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Boston when Bulger is alleged to have reigned over organized crime in the city , the First Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston noted . "  Despite our respect for Judge Stearns and our belief in his sincerity , we are nonetheless bound to conclude that it is clear that a reasonable person might question the judge 's ability to preserve impartiality through the course of this prosecution , " the appeals court ruled . Bulger , the alleged former head of Boston 's notorious Winter Hill gang , faces 19 murder charges , as well as charges including extortion , money laundering and narcotics distribution . The defense had initially moved to dismiss the case , saying Bulger was granted immunity by federal agents working to infiltrate Irish and Italian mobs in Boston three decades ago . But Stearns ruled this month that Bulger did not have immunity to commit murder or other crimes after his purported deal with the FBI . A new judge will be assigned to the case , the appeals court ruling said . Bulger made headlines when he was arrested in June 2011 in Santa Monica , California , after being on the run for 16 years . Before his sudden departure from Boston , he cooperated as an informant with disgraced ex-FBI agent John Connolly Jr. , who is serving a 50-year sentence for second-degree murder and racketeering . According to an indictment against Connolly filed in 2000 , Bulger became his confidential informant in the fall of 1975 . CNN 's Jason Kessler and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Appeals court : Judge 's impartiality might be in question because of his past jobs Judge was a U.S. prosecutor in Boston when the defendant allegedly was involved in crime Defendant James "  Whitey " Bulger faces 19 murder charges
Beijing  CNN  Passengers who misbehave on commercial flights in China could soon find themselves grounded . After several highly publicized and embarrassing incidents of air rage , the Civil Aviation Administration of China said last week it is considering steps to blacklist offending passengers , according to state media . No final decision has been made on the proposed "  no fly list " but it could lead to legal punishments . From hurling hot water at a flight attendant to fights over crying babies , outbursts by Chinese passengers have disrupted several flights in recent weeks -- both in China and further afield . In one of the most recent episodes , a flight departing a city in southwestern China was canceled after irate passengers opened three emergency exits following a seven-hour delay . James Fallows , aviation expert , journalist , and author of "  China Airborne " , says the flurry of angry episodes reveals growing pains in China 's airline industry . Many newly prosperous travelers have never experienced the kind of travel headaches long familiar to the rest of us , he adds . "  It 's a nation of first-generation air travelers , " Fallows said . "  All of the indoctrination and beating down the rest of us have had now for decades about how you have to behave in airports and airliners is coming as a new experience to a lot of people in China . " Chronic delays Chinese travelers also have to grapple with chronic delays in the country 's busiest air hubs . Fallows blames much of the misery on the Chinese military , which controls the vast majority of the country 's increasingly crowded airspace . Aviation authorities have opened new commercial flight routes in recent years in an effort to improve China 's abysmal on-time performance record and the government has approved a second international airport in Beijing to ease the congestion -- but these steps will take time to take effect . Fallows says Chinese culture also plays a role in the behavior of certain Chinese air travelers . "  It 's perhaps the most individualistic country I 've ever been in . It 's every person for himself or herself , " he says . "  We 're seeing a lesson about how the people in China feel they have to behave . "	China is considering blacklisting unruly passengers Expert : Many newly prosperous Chinese unaccustomed to routine travel headaches Chinese travelers also have to grapple with chronic delays in country 's busiest air hubs
CNN  -- Former President George H.W. Bush released an updated version of his book , "  All the Best , George Bush ; My Life in Letters and Other Writings , " in which he talks about how he had to keep himself in check while his son George W. Bush faced criticism while in the White House . "  My heart went out to him , " the 41st president wrote of the 43rd . At the same time Jeb Bush , a former two-term Florida governor and possible 2016 presidential candidate , also released the book he co-wrote on the immigration debate , "  Immigration Wars . " Here 's a look at the Bush family , by the numbers : 2 : Presidents whose sons later became president : John Adams and John Quincy Adams , and George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush . 444 : The estimated number of people in the United States named George Bush , according to the How Many of Me.com website . 3 : Members of the immediate Bush family named George . In addition to George H.W. and George W. , George P. is Jeb Bush 's son and a managing partner of an investment firm in Fort Worth , Texas . 6 : Number of children George H.W. and Barbara Bush had : George W. , Robin , Jeb , Neil , Marvin and Doro . Robin died of leukemia as a child in 1953 . 17 : Number of the Bushes ' grandchildren . 3 : Living members of the Bush family who graduated from Yale University -- George H. W.  ' 48  , George W.  ' 68  , and George W. 's daughter Barbara  ' 04  . 2 : Times brothers George W. and Jeb Bush were each elected governor . George W. Bush was governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000 and Jeb Bush was governor of Florida from 1999 to 2007 . 65 : Percentage point drop from George W. Bush 's highest presidential job approval weekly rating  90 %  in 2001 to his lowest  25 %  , which was recorded three times in Gallup 's weekly poll in October and November 2008 . 60 : Difference in George H. W. Bush 's highest and lowest job approval ratings : 89 % in February 1991 and 29 % in July 1992 . 60 : Types of endangered species whose habitats were saved during the Florida state program to clean up the Everglades , which was launched while Jeb Bush was governor . 12 : Age of George W. Bush 's Scottish terrier , Barney , who died from lymphoma in February 2013 . While he was "  first dog , " Barney appeared regularly in online videos made by the White House Communications Agency . 4 : Trips to Iraq while in office by George W. Bush after the war there began in 2003 3 : Strands in former first lady Barbara Bush 's trademark pearl necklace . 48-3 : Score in the most recent football game  September 2012  between Texas A&M University , site of the George Bush Presidential Library and Museum , and Southern Methodist University , where the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum will open to the public on May 1 .	6 - Number of children George and Barbara Bush had 3 - Living members of the Bush family who graduated from Yale University . 4 - Trips to Iraq while in office by President George W. Bush after the war began .
Washington  CNN  -- The CIA is collecting bulk records on international money transfers , using the same Patriot Act legal authority that has become the center of controversy in U.S. surveillance programs , a source told CNN . A person familiar with the program said the agency 's efforts are an outgrowth of terror finance-tracking programs that were established in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks and revealed that al Qaeda funded the hijackers using methods such as smuggled cash , money transfers , and credit and debit cards . The Treasury Department and the National Security Agency have other programs that similarly focus on financial transaction data . The CIA program provides some redundancies intended to catch transactions that may not draw attention in other programs . The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times first reported the existence of the CIA program Thursday night , saying it has sparked concerns from lawmakers . The revelation comes amid debate in the United States over whether to pare back some surveillance in light of privacy concerns raised after former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked documents describing secret spy programs . The CIA program focuses on transfers that the agency believes could be the source of terrorism financing and that use services such as MoneyGram and Western Union . The vast majority are purely non-U.S. transactions , but it includes some transactions to or from the United States . Such U.S.-related transactions could raise concerns about data of U.S. people , which the CIA is generally prohibited from collecting . The court that oversees Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act has established legal rules governing the CIA program , as it has with NSA surveillance programs , and requires evidence of a connection to potential terrorism before data belonging to U.S. people can be accessed , the person familiar with the program said . The agency works with the FBI to target potential financing of terrorism . A U.S. intelligence official said any activity in such programs includes what the government calls "  minimization procedures to protect U.S. person information " and court-approved restrictions on specially trained analysts who can query the data , and on the length of time such data is allowed to be retained . The CIA said it does n't comment on "  alleged intelligence sources or methods . " Dean Boyd , a CIA spokesman , said that "  the CIA protects the nation and upholds the privacy rights of Americans by ensuring that its intelligence collection activities are focused on acquiring foreign intelligence and counterintelligence in accordance with U.S. laws . " Boyd said that the agency 's activities are overseen by Senate and House intelligence committees , the FISA court , the Justice Department and other agencies . A Western Union spokesman said : "  We collect consumer information to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and other laws . In doing so , we also protect our consumers ' privacy and work to prevent consumer fraud . " CNN also received a similar statement from MoneyGram . "  We value our customers ' privacy and work hard to protect it , just as we work hard to protect customers and others from fraud and other crime . We comply with the laws of all the countries where we do business , including the laws that govern privacy , government investigations , and compliance with lawful subpoenas and court orders , " the company said . "  We have reporting obligations related to suspicious transactions , money laundering and other financial crimes around the world . The laws to which we are subject generally prohibit us from discussing details . " While the details of the CIA program provide new information on the scope of Patriot Act bulk records collection , U.S. government monitoring of financial transaction data has become well known since 9/11 . The 9/11 attacks cost al Qaeda between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 to carry out , according to the 9/11 Commission , and the plotters transferred much of the money through readily detectable means via banks , money-transfers , travelers checks , and credit and debit cards . At the time , the financial transactions did n't raise any flags . Among the transactions uncovered after the attacks were MoneyGram and Western Union money transfers , the commission said . Since the attacks the United States has tightened banking rules . The government collects data from the Belgian-based Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication , or SWIFT , which operates a global system that helps banks clear financial transactions . Banks , money transfer outfits and casinos are also required by the United States to flag suspicious transactions under the Bank Secrecy Act , which also is the law used to police money laundering and other illicit financial transactions .	CIA collects bulk records on international money moves , says source Source : The program is an outgrowth of terror-finance tracking programs Most transactions are purely non-U.S. , but some are to or from the United States CIA says it does n't comment on "  alleged intelligence sources or methods "
Beijing  CNN  -- As the global travel industry rolls out the welcome mat for China 's surge of outbound tourists , it should consider tipping the scales in their customers ' favor . Consider Emirates Airline , which has won over retail-crazy Chinese travelers by simply boosting their baggage allowance . "  They increased their luggage allowance because they recognized when Chinese travelers go abroad , they come home with more than when they left , " says Martin Rinck , Asia-Pacific president of Hilton Worldwide . "  And just by making that change , they won tremendous market share of the Chinese consumer . " For the latest CNN "  On China " program , I talked to a panel of industry insiders about how to cater to China 's rush of outbound tourists . Fittingly , we filmed our discussion inside Beijing Capital International Airport -- a rare opportunity for an international TV network . The airport is on track to become the world 's busiest passenger hub . That 's not a surprise , given the boom in Chinese business and leisure travel . By 2020 , it 's estimated more than 200 million Chinese will go overseas -- double the number that did so last year . "  It has been one of the biggest dreams for Chinese travelers to go outside and travel overseas , " says Chen Xu , a Beijing-based researcher at the Chinese Tourism Academy , a government think-tank that studies tourism trends . "  And now the government has lifted restrictions on outbound travel , so for more Chinese , it 's much easier to travel abroad . " Fueled by more visas and more money , rising numbers of Chinese tourists are now able to fly further and spend more , many booking their own adventures online on travel sites like China 's CTrip.com . "  We just recently sold a very top-end package tour which is $ 200,000 per person for 88 days around the world , " says CTrip.com Chief Operating Officer Jane Sun . She asks me to guess how long it took to sell the package . I play along : "  Eight minutes ? " "  17 seconds , " she says with a smile . Without a doubt , the interest and buying power of China 's ultra-luxury travelers is immense . Across the board , China 's outbound tourists are the world 's biggest spenders . In 2012 , they spent a record $ 102 billion on international tourism . And major booking volume is moving across mobile devices . "  More than 50 % of our hotel bookings are on mobile , " says CTrip.com 's Sun . Hilton 's Martin Rinck adds : "  China skipped the whole desktop/MacBook/computer thing and went straight to mobile . " "  Some companies are really proud to have a new website , but if it does n't have the functionality to be read on a small device and have full integration on a mobile device , it 's really of no use . " It 's also of no use if you do n't welcome your Chinese guests in Mandarin Chinese . "  We do this outbound Chinese travelers survey every quarter , " says CTA 's Chen Xu . "  And we noticed that last year , for four consecutive seasons , lacking Chinese service and lacking Chinese-language TV programs or menus were the most unsatisfying factors . " "  As a business , you probably have to provide more Chinese-language services , " he adds . CTrip.com company data is in line with CTA 's quarterly surveys . "  On our website , we rank the hotels and the sites , " says Sun . "  The hotels with Chinese services are ranked higher than the other hotels . " And does that influence consumer choice ? "  Absolutely . " In 2011 , Hilton Hotels & Resorts launched "  Hilton Huanying , " a welcome program tailored for Chinese travelers . In a number of Hilton properties outside China , it rolled out China UnionPay terminals , front desk staff fluent in Chinese , and a range of tailored in-room amenities like Chinese-language TV and tea kettles . "  We started the program in August 2011 with 15 participating hotels outside of China , " Rinck tells me . "  We now have 82 , and those hotels doubled their percentage of Chinese travelers in a period of just two years . " It 's a clear message for the global travel industry : Tune those screens to Chinese TV and boost that baggage allowance . It pays to understand the needs of the 200 million tourists coming your way .	Hotels , airlines advised to tailor services to Chinese tourists Tourism industry insiders appear on CNN 's latest "  On China " program By 2020 , it 's estimated more than 200 million Chinese will go overseas Relaxation of government restrictions , rising wealth opening doors
CNN  Indianapolis Colts backup linebacker Josh McNary has been charged with felony rape , a spokeswoman for the Marion County , Indiana , Prosecutor 's Office said Wednesday . McNary , 26 , was in police custody late Wednesday at the Marion County Jail , a booking log on the jail website said . McNary was also charged with felony criminal confinement and misdemeanor battery resulting in bodily injury . According to a probable cause affidavit , a 29-year-old woman reported to police on the morning of December 1 that she was raped hours earlier at the apartment of a man she met while out at a bar . She said she told the man several times she did n't want to have sex and fought with him , scratching him on the face , neck , back and shoulder . The man forced her to have sex on his bed , she told police . She took the man 's cell phone as she left the apartment . A forensic nurse examined the woman and found injuries to her vagina and dried blood behind one ear . The document indicates detectives used the cell phone to identify McNary the next day . He was cooperative , police indicated , and he asked for a lawyer after being advised of his rights . A nurse found abrasions and scratches on his stomach , back , neck and shoulder , the document says . Investigators also found the woman 's clothing and an earring in McNary 's apartment . CNN 's attempts to reach McNary 's attorney were n't immediately successful . The Colts said they were aware of media reports about the incident . "  But unfortunately that 's the limit of our knowledge , " the Colts said in a written statement . "  At this time , we are very concerned and trying to find out what the relevant facts are , but we have insufficient information to venture any opinion . As we learn more , we will make appropriate updates . " The National Football League said the matter is "  under review . " Recently , the NFL revised its Personal Conduct Policy . It includes a minimum six-game suspension for crimes involving violent conduct , including domestic violence and sexual assault . The league reviewed its stance after widespread criticism of its handling of the Ray Rice case . McNary is listed as a second-string inside linebacker for the Colts , who play the New England Patriots on Sunday in the AFC championship game . He has 28 tackles -- mostly on special teams -- in 15 games this season . He played in the Colts game on November 30 and had one tackle on punt coverage . The 6-foot , 251-pound player is in his second season . He played collegiate football at Army and served in the military from 2011 to 2013 before joining the Colts . CNN 's Tina Burnside , Dave Alsup , Erica Henry and Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	A woman told police she took a phone from the apartment of a man who raped her In a probable cause affidavit , a detective says the phone belonged to John McNary CNN is attempting to contact a lawyer for the accused football player , who spent time in the military
CNN  Amy 's Kitchen Inc. says it 's recalling nearly 74,000 cases of its products that could contain listeria . In a statement released through the Food and Drug Administration on Sunday , Amy 's Kitchen said that it was voluntarily recalling the products after learning from one of its suppliers that it may have received organic spinach that was possibly contaminated with listeria monocytogenes . The California-based organic and natural food company said it was n't aware of any reports of illness connected with its products , but was recalling them "  out of an abundance of caution . " The recalled products , which are listed on the FDA 's website and were distributed throughout the United States and Canada , include multiple types of vegetable lasagna , tofu scrambles , spinach pizza , enchiladas , brown rice and vegetable bowls and stuffed pasta shells . Listeriosis , a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria , primarily affects the elderly , pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In the United States , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill each year ; approximately 16 % of these illnesses result in death . Cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters or stillbirth . CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	Amy 's Kitchen says a supplier reported that organic spinach could contain listeria The food company says it is voluntarily recalling nearly 74,000 cases of products The recall , the company says , is "  out of an abundance of caution "
CNN  -- Hemant Karkare , Mumbai 's slain terror chief , was a shrewd and unflappable investigator whose death is a blow to a police force that has difficult work ahead , his colleagues said this week . Hemant Karkare , left , was killed by gunmen in Mumbai shortly after this video was taken Wednesday . According to accounts in Indian newspapers , Karkare , 54 , was credited with solving many crimes and did his job apolitically and with the utmost integrity . "  The state Anti-Terrorism Squad has lost a daredevil officer in Hemant Karkare , " Peter Lobo , chief inspector of the Anti-Terror Squad in Pune , told The Times of India on Thursday . Karkare , head of Maharashtra state 's Anti-Terrorism Squad , was heading home Wednesday when he learned gunmen were attacking the Oberoi hotel in Mumbai , Maharashtra 's Deputy Chief Minister R.R. Patil told The Hindu newspaper . Karkare later got word the situation at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus was more serious . The terror chief and two other officers -- armed with automatic weapons -- jumped in a jeep and rushed to take on the terrorists , The Hindu reported . Watch how victims are coping with the attack " Footage from CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , showed Karkare donning a helmet and putting a bulletproof vest over his light blue shirt as uniformed police officers with firearms and walkie-talkies surrounded him . Watch Karkare 's funeral " It would be the last video taken of Karkare before terrorists shot him three times in the chest near Cama hospital , the site of another Wednesday attack in Mumbai . "  Though a workaholic , he was a soft-spoken officer . ATS has received a severe blow because of the untimely death of Karkare , " Lobo told The Times of India before departing Pune to pay his respects to Karkare . Karkare joined the Indian Police Services in 1982 . He became head of Maharashtra 's Anti-Terror Squad in January after he returned from Austria , where he served seven years in the Research and Analysis Wing , India 's external intelligence agency . The post in Austria was testament to his acumen as a police officer , a colleague told The Times of India . "  Due to his excellent ability to handle things , he was posted to the Research and Analysis Wing in Austria . He was like family to me , " said Bipin Gopalakrishna , who joined the force with Karkare in 1982 . According to CNN-IBN , Karkare was credited with solving bombing cases in Thane , Vashi and Panvel and played a key role in cracking the case of the September 29 blast in Malegaon , which reportedly killed six people . He also uncovered several radical Hindu groups operating in Maharashtra , according to media reports . Karkare came under intense political pressure while investigating the Malegaon bombing , and it was widely reported that he warned officers in his command against succumbing to pressure to doctor evidence . "  We should do our job and it is for the court to decide , " Karkare was quoted in several media outlets as saying . Watch officials speculate on who may be responsible for this week 's attacks " "  He was simply superb . He could handle any difficult situation boldly and with a cool mind , " Aurangabad Police Commissioner Thakur Deepaksinh Gaur told The Times of India . Gaur told the paper he had worked with Karkare in Aurangabad and Nanded . Added another Indian Police Services officer : "  His death is a huge loss to our force and society . " When not on the clock , Karkare was known to enjoy sculpting and could often be found whittling driftwood , The Indian Express reported . He also enjoyed music and dabbled in palm reading , former diplomat T.P. Sreenivasan told The Hindu . "  We used to put him in one of the stalls as an Indian palmist during the annual charity fair organized by the Indian ambassador and he was big hit with the crowd , " said Sreenivasan , who worked with Karkare in Vienna for five years . Sreenivasan told The Hindu that Karkare -- who had strong credentials in fighting terrorism , corruption and money laundering -- could have earned a post at a U.N. agency in Vienna , but chose instead to return home to serve India . Karkare is well-admired , Sreenivasan told The Hindu , and is survived by a doting family and many friends and admirers . Contacted in Pune , Karkare 's brother Shirish found it difficult to speak about his brother 's death Thursday . "  He was a father figure for me , " the younger brother told The Times of India . Shirish 's wife Amruta told the newspaper that the anti-terror chief would be laid to rest when his daughters arrived from overseas . The older daughter Jui Navare lives in Boston , Massachusetts , she said , and the younger daughter studies at the London School of Economics . Karkare 's son Akash is a student at R.A. Podor College of Commerce and Economics . His wife Kavita teaches at a college in Mumbai , she said .	Official tells paper Hemant Karkare was on his way home when he heard of attacks Reports : Karkare was shot three times in chest responding to Mumbai attacks Colleagues describe terror chief as "  workaholic " with utmost integrity Karkare had interest in woodworking , music , palm reading , reports say
Kingston , Ontario  CNN  -- Three members of an Afghan immigrant family , who were found guilty of murder in what the judge called "  a completely twisted concept of honor , " intend to appeal their convictions . A Canadian jury on Sunday convicted Mohammed Shafia , 58 ; his wife , Tooba Mohammad Yahya , 42 ; and their son , Hamed , 21 , of first-degree murder in the deaths of Shafia 's three teenage daughters and his first wife in his polygamous marriage . Sunday 's verdicts followed a three-month trial , in which jurors heard wiretaps of Shafia referring to his daughters as "  whores " and ranting about their behavior . All three were sentenced to life in prison immediately after their convictions , with no chance of parole for 25 years . A lawyer for the son , Hamed , told the Canadian Press news agency his client and the client 's parents will file an appeal , but he did not say when . In announcing the verdict , Judge Robert Maranger told the court it was "  difficult to conceive of a more despicable , more heinous crime . " "  The apparent reason behind these cold-blooded shameful murders was that the four completely innocent victims offended your twisted notion of honor , a notion of honor that is founded upon the domination and control of women , a sick notion of honor that has absolutely no place in any civilized society . " Outside the courtroom , Gerard Laarhuis , the chief prosecutor in the case , called it a "  good day for Canadian justice . " At least one Shafia family supporter interrupted Laarhuis with shouts of "  lies " and called the verdict a "  miscarriage of justice . " But others cheered the verdict as Laarhuis continued . The three Shafia sisters -- Zainab , 19 , Sahar , 17 , and Geeti , 13 -- were found dead inside a car that plunged into the Rideau Canal in Kingston on June 30 , 2009 . Shafia 's first wife , 52-year-old Rona Amir Mohammad , also died . The verdicts came on the second day of deliberations for a seven-woman , five-man jury in Kingston , about 280 km  175 miles  west of the family 's home in Montreal . Prosecutors said the girls ' father , mother and brother all plotted to kill the four women in an "  honor " murder . Investigators claimed that hours of wiretapped conversations revealed a premeditated plan to punish rebellious , Westernized daughters and their permissive advocate , Rona . Shafia and Yahya admitted on the stand that they were upset with Zainab for running off to marry a Pakistani man they hated , that Sahar wore revealing clothes and had secret boyfriends , and Geeti was failing in school and calling social workers to get her out of a home in turmoil . Prosecutors argued that under instructions from his father , Hamed Shafia used the family Lexus to ram the other family car carrying the women into the canal . The shattered headlight on the Lexus , prosecutors said , matches the damage on the rear bumper of the family Nissan in which the women were found dead . Investigators also believed the victims might have died before they hit the water , because they were unable to escape despite their seat belts being unbuckled and the car being submerged in just 7 feet of water . In the three-month-long trial , Shafia testified , "  My children did a lot of cruelty toward me , " as he wept openly on the stand . He went on to say he believed his children "  betrayed " him by dating and he did not hide his anger , saying a father would never expect that kind of behavior from this daughters . In taking the stand , Shafia swore to tell the truth on the Quran , and he again invoked the holy book to say Islam does not condone killing people to preserve a family 's honor . In a direct response to a question from prosecutor Laurie Lacelle , Shafia said , "  To kill someone , you ca n't regain your respect and honor . Respected lady , you should know that . In our religion , a person who kills his wife or daughter , there is nothing more dishonorable . How is it possible that someone would do that to their children , respected lady ? " "  You might do it , " Lacelle calmly replied , "  if you thought they were whores . " Shafia had used that term in a conversation captured by wiretaps . Investigators played hours of the wiretap recordings in court , alleging many conversations involving the three suspects prove they were plotting murder . In some of the most shocking conversations , Shafia launched into a rant about his daughters ' behavior . "  I say to myself , ` You did well . Would they come back to life a hundred times , you should so the same again , ' " he says . And in another tape played in court and translated from the Afghan language Dari , he says , "  May the devil defecate on their graves ! This is what a daughter should be ? Would a daughter be such a whore ? " Shafia and his lawyers tried to explain that his shocking words are traditional expressions in Dari that should not be translated literally . But the jury also heard from an expert witness on honor murders -- a term CNN is using in the interest of clarity rather than the more common "  honor killings " because the latter phrase does not properly describe the alleged crime . That witness , University of Toronto professor Shahrzad Mojab , said that in some families , honor is worth more than life . In an interview with CNN , Mojab said that many times , honor crimes are calculated acts that involve more than one family member . "  There is a very important difference between honor killing and violence against women in the form of domestic violence . It is plotted , it is premeditated . " Mojab said . "  What we need to understand is that the male power and the male desire for the control of the woman 's body and the woman 's sexuality -- the honor resides in that sort of understanding and the ownership of women 's body and sexuality , " she said . "  So when that is being presented in a way that is not acceptable to the social norm , then the only way the honor can be restored is by purifying that . And the purification is through blood . " Sometimes , such murders occur with the "  buy-in " of women in the family , said Irshad Manji , director of the Moral Courage Project at New York University , who also authored the book "  Allah , Liberty and Love . " "  This is part and parcel of a cultural tradition called honor , which is a tribal tradition that emphasizes the family or the tribe of the community over the individual , " she said Monday . It is not an Islamic phenomenon , she said , but "  it is , however , a problem within Islam because of how Muslims often confuse culture and religion . You ca n't blame non-Muslims for scratching their heads and wondering what the hell is going on . "	The defendants are sentenced to life in prison The prosecutor calls it a "  good day for Canadian justice " Three sisters and Shafia 's first wife were found dead in a car that plunged into a canal Investigators : Wiretapped conversations reveal a premeditated plan
CNN  -- The daughter of a West Virginia sheriff gunned down in his patrol car as he ate lunch told CNN on Saturday she believes there is a strong possibility he was targeted because of his crackdown on drug dealing in the area . Mingo County Sheriff Walter E. "  Eugene " Crum had only taken office three months before he was shot to death on Wednesday , but already had built a reputation for targeting drug dealers and so-called "  pill mills . " "  My dad fought tirelessly against drug abuse . He just wanted to clean up the county and make it a better place to live , " Crum 's daughter , Julie Hall , told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield in her first television interview since her father was killed . "  Things are still under investigation at this time . We really are unsure , " Hall said . She said her gut tells her "  it 's a strong possibility " his killing is linked to his law enforcement activities . Investigators have not publicly identified a possible motive in the case , but they have a suspect . Tennis Melvin Maynard , 37 , is being treated at an area hospital after being shot by one of Crum 's deputies , authorities said . A witness saw the shooting and called 911 , giving police a license plate number and description of the car , the Mingo County sheriff 's office has said . According to investigators , Maynard was spotted by deputies and led them on a high-speed chase before crashing his SUV . When he got out of his damaged vehicle , he pulled a gun , they said . Authorities have questioned Maynard twice , including shortly after he was shot . They will not disclose what he said the first time , and they said he was too medicated to give a lucid statement the second time , Williamson Police Chief Dave Rockel said . A search of Mingo County court records show no criminal arrests or civil cases involving Maynard . His only citation involves failure to wear a seat belt , according to the records . Maynard 's mother , Olgie , told CNN her son spent time a state hospital for mental health issues in recent years . "  He went crazy , " she said , explaining her son had n't been the same since he was involved in a workplace explosion five or six years ago in Alabama . "  He was out in the yard yelling . We called the police , and they took him away . " Since then , she said Tennis had gotten more psychiatric help at another mental health center . At home in Ragland , where he lives with his parents , he mostly stayed in his bedroom and watched television . "  He talks a lot to himself , " she said . " ... He was never violent . " The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives has traced the gun authorities say was used in the shooting of Crum , according to West Virginia State Police . But police have refused to release the results of the trace at this time or say whether the gun was purchased by the suspect . Crum made a name for himself within West Virginia law enforcement circles for his Operation Zero Tolerance , the anti-drug enforcement policy that he put into place shortly after taking office in January . Crum 's wife , Rosie , was appointed Thursday to finish the remainder of her husband 's term , with an election set for 2014 . "  She was the one who knew him best , and knew what he wanted to accomplish , " Hall said . Hall said she and her brother were concerned for their mother 's safety in the wake of the shooting , but believes she is the best person to carry on their father 's legacy . "  No one can be 100 % sure of what 's going to happen , " she said . Visitation was scheduled Saturday between 4 p.m. and 9 p.m. at Mingo Central High School , according to the family . A service for Crum is planned for 1 p.m. ET Sunday at the high school . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty , Ross Levitt and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	FIRST ON CNN : Julie Hall says her father fought tirelessly against drug abuse Mingo County Sheriff Walter " Eugene " Crum was killed Wednesday Hall believes there 's a " strong possibility " he was killed because of a drug crackdown A service for Crum is scheduled for Sunday
CNN  -- Andre Berto claimed the vacant World Boxing Council welterweight title when he halted Miguel Rodriguez in the seventh round in Memphis . Berto took the WBC belt vacated when Floyd Mayweather retired . Berto  22-0 , 19 KOs  picked up the WBC belt that became vacant when Floyd Mayweather retired . Rodriguez 's record dropped to 29-3 with 23 KOs . Berto floored Rodriguez with an uppercut in the seventh round and when Rodriquez went down a second time referee Lawrance Cole intervened at 2:13 . Dane Mikkel Kessler knocked out Dimitri Sartison in the 12th round in Copenhagen , to become World Boxing Association supermiddle champion . Kessler  40-1  dominated throughout in front of an enthusiastic home crowd at the Brondby Hall . Sartison , who was born in Kazhakstan but grew up in Germany , suffered his first loss after a 22-0 start in his pro career . Kessler won the WBA title in November 2004 by stopping Manny Siaca of Puerto Rico . He also lifted the the WBC super middleweight crown two years later when he knocked out Markus Beyer of Germany in the third round . But he surrendered both belts when Joe Calzaghe of Wales ended his unbeaten run in Cardiff last November . Britain 's Amir Khan was floored before successfully defending his Commonwealth lightweight title with a fifth round stoppage of Michael Gomez in Birmingham . Khan , who has won all 18 of his fights since turning professional after winning a silver medal at the 2004 Athens Olympics , knocked Gomez down in the first round but found himself on the canvas in the second in a brief but rugged contest . Khan said : "  This was one of my toughest fights but I learned from my mistakes . I will watch the video and work on them and continue my journey to the world title . " Khan was on target with a powerful right uppercut in the first round and a combination of punches floored Gomez , who retaliated in the second round . A left hook over the top of a jab put Khan down and he had to take a standing count and looked unsteady on his legs for several seconds afterwards . Gomez landed a damaging hook to the ribs in the fourth but early in the fifth Khan put his opponent down again with a powerful body shot . Gomez began to take a lot of punishment and referee John Keane stopped the contest . Gomez looked disappointed but appeared to be all but out on his feet .	Andre Berto wins the vacant WBC welterweight title He halts Miguel Rodriguez in seven rounds Mikkel Kessler becomes WBA super-middleweight champion Amir Khan successfully defends the Commonwealth lightweight title
CNN  -- Up to 30 million people are facing "  a humanitarian disaster " as one of Africa 's biggest lakes shrinks , a United Nations agency warned Thursday . Porters remove goods from a boat on Lake Chad in 2007 . Lake Chad was about the size of Maryland -- bigger than Israel or Kuwait -- in 1963 , satellite images show . By 2001 , it covered less than one-fifth of that area -- making it smaller than Delaware or Mauritius . The drying-up of the shallow lake is fueling conflict and migration , the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization said . Once one of the biggest bodies of water in the world , it could disappear entirely in about 20 years , the FAO said , citing forecasts from the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration . "  If that happens it 's going to be a disaster , " Parviz Koohafkan , director of the Land and Water Division of the FAO , told CNN by phone from Rome . The Lake Chad basin is "  one of the most important agriculture heritage sites in the world -- the biodiversity , the migratory birds , not to mention more than 20 million people living out of Lake Chad -- fisherpeople , farmers . " "  It would be a human disaster , a tragedy , " he said . "  In this case we have people who are the poorest of the poor . " "  In addition to an approximately 60 percent decline in fish production , there has been degradation of pasturelands , leading to a shortage of animal feed estimated at 45 percent in certain places in 2006 , reduction in livestock and biodiversity , " the agency said . The disappearance of the lake is being caused by climate change , population pressure and natural variations in climate , the FAO said . Two rivers which feed the lake , the Chari and Logone , have been significantly reduced in the past 40 years , the agency said . The organization will unveil the results of a study into the diversion of the Oubangui river in an effort to help Lake Chad at a conference , "  Saving Lake Chad , " in Rome , Italy , on Friday . "  Water transfer is not a new thing , " Koohafkan told CNN . "  The major problem is that this is water transfer among different countries . "  These options cost money , and need policy work , need technical work , " he said . "  Some kind of public-private partnership would be needed " to pay for any solution as ambitious as diverting a river . The lake borders on Cameroon , Chad , Niger and Nigeria , one of Africa 's most populous countries . It measured about 25,000 square kilometers  9,652 square miles  in 1963 and 1,500 square kilometers  579 square miles  in 2001 -- just under 17 percent its size 38 years earlier . Lake Chad is only one of many inland bodies of water which are drying up . Similar warnings have been issued about lakes in Mexico , Russia and elsewhere .	Lake Chad could dry up in 20 years , U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization says Lake supports livelihoods of 30 million people In 2001 , lake was one-fifth of 1963 size Climate change , population pressure fuel lake 's decline , agency says
CNN  Back in 2010 Britain 's politicians broke new ground . They were long used to haranguing each other in the UK 's rowdy House of Commons -- but they 'd never had American style pre-election head-to-head debates . It is necessary and long-established political fare in the U.S. -- but over here in the UK , it was novel . It seemed to go well -- political points were scored , and polls were commissioned looking for advantages gained or lost . It was a drama of sorts , even though no knock-out punches were landed . Prime Minister David Cameron and his Conservative party won the election , but not by enough to go into government alone . For the past five years he 's been governing in coalition with the UK 's third party , the Liberal Democrats . And their leader , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , has mostly backed Cameron in Parliamentary debates against the opposition Labour leader Ed Miliband . Britain 's broadcasters , keen to channel lively politics onto prime time TV and boost ratings , have been working the corridors of power themselves over the past year to try to nail down a repeat -- or two -- of the 2010 knockabout . What 's at stake is n't just the proposed debates ahead of May 's general election -- but the enshrining of such debates permanently into Britain 's political architecture -- just like in the U.S. . But while Cameron and Miliband have hired former White House election advisers to edge them in to the lead , no one can agree on what form a debate should take , how many there should be , or even who should be invited . Cameron has insisted on just one debate involving the leaders of seven leading UK parties -- giving equal airtime to the Greens , the Scottish Nationalists and the upstart rightwing UK Independence Party  UKIP  , among others . But Miliband 's Labour party is holding out for at least one head-to-head debate with Cameron . No one seems to be budging but both of the UK 's largest parties could use the bump in the polls such a debate might bring . Part of the problem is the British electorate , which has changed since 2010 , boosting the fortunes of some of the country 's former political outliers . The rightwing UKIP , which has pledged to take the UK out of the European Union , has made massive gains in the past year -- mostly at the expense of Cameron 's Conservatives . In Scotland , the September independence referendum  which narrowly failed  so reinvigorated the Scottish National Party that they could hit what is usually a key Labour stronghold , undermining Miliband 's bid for power . All of this has made the whole process of nailing down precisely who will be allowed in the debate that much more tortuous . For the big leaders who drive that conversation , it is about how each outlier can help them -- and hinder their rivals . It once looked like it would become as much of a British institution as rain , or fish and chips , but now the election debate seems in danger of not happening at all . On the upside , you can still tune in to House of Commons TV most days of the week to get your fix of one lawmaker bellowing at another . But do it soon -- I hear that even those everyday raucous exchanges are being scrutinized for being a bit old-fashioned .	Election TV debates only arrived in the UK in 2010 Broadcasters are keen to repeat the head-to-head format in the run-up to the 2015 poll But factional politics and arguments about who is invited may derail a TV debate
Marianna , Florida  CNN  -- This Florida panhandle town is the home of a mystery that has been lost to time . A small cemetery buried deep into the grounds of a now-defunct boys reform school dates back to the early 1900s . Rusting white steel crosses mark the graves of 31 unidentified former students . Former students said the deaths were at the hands of abusive administrators , but a 2009 state investigation determined there was no evidence of criminal activity connected with any of the deaths or of abusive treatment . But the investigation did not clear up the mystery over the fate of 50 other students who died at the school and whose bodies have not been accounted for . In the wake of that investigation , more former students -- who are now senior citizens -- have come forward with stories of abuse at the school , including alleged beatings , killings and the disappearance of students , during the 1940s , '50s and '60s . Reform school guard , 85 , denies beating boys "  These are children who came here and died , for one reason or another , and have just been lost in the woods , " said Dr. Erin Kimmerle , an anthropologist from the University of South Florida who is leading a scientific search on the grounds of what used to be the Florida Industrial School for Boys . Using ground-penetrating radar , Kimmerle 's team has located what she says appear to be 18 more remains than previously thought to have been buried there . After clearing the area , her team has determined that a total of 49 graves exist . All are unidentified . "  We found burials within the current marked cemetery , and then we found burials that extend beyond that , " Kimmerle said . Regarding the missing boys , "  for the majority , there 's no record of what happened to them . So , they may be buried here , they may have been shipped to their families . But we do n't know , " she said . State and school records show that out of nearly 100 children who died while at the school , there are no burial records for 22 of them , according to Kimmerle . "  When there 's no knowledge and no information , then people will speculate and rumors will persist or questions remain , " she said . Kimmerle , who worked on an international forensics team that amassed evidence used in war crimes trials from the conflicts in the former Yugoslavia , called the Florida project a humanitarian effort for the families of the former students and for the community . "  It 's about restoring dignity , " she said . The team laid a grid using ground-penetrating radar to create a three-dimensional digital image of the area . They had to clear underbrush and trees when it became apparent the cemetery extended well beyond the small fenced area . "  We found numerous anomalies throughout , " said Rich Estabrook , a public archaeologist working on the team . "  Many of them tend to be in rows , and somewhat symmetrical . " The team believes these so-called "  anomalies " are graves because they are lined up in east-west configurations , the traditional way Christians are buried . Exhumations will have to be requested by family members . Adding to the mystery , Kimmerle 's team has determined , based on reports from former workers and students , that another cemetery exists on the 1,400-acre property . Those graves could contain the bodies of black students , buried in a different area because of segregation . The team has petitioned to search the area , and the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice has agreed to work with the researchers "  on how best to provide them access to the site . " But they 'll have to move quickly because the state is in the process of selling the entire property . The mystery surrounding the graves first made headlines in 2008 when Florida 's then-governor Charlie Crist ordered an investigation after a group of men , known as "  the White House Boys , " came forward with stories of how they were beaten with leather straps by school administrators inside a small , white building on school property . Robert Straley , who spent about 10 months at the school in the 1960s for allegedly stealing a car , said he was taken to the "  white house " on his very first day . "  I came out of there in shock , and when they hit you , you went down a foot into the bed , and so hard , I could n't believe . I did n't know what they were hitting you with , " said Straley . Former school administrator Troy Tidwell , a one-armed man who was there at the time and who some former students accused of beating them , has said in a deposition that "  spankings " took place at the school but denied anyone was ever beaten or killed . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's report , issued in 2009 , accounted for the 31 boys buried in the cemetery . Although each individual plot can not be identified , the report said many were killed in a 1914 fire at the facility , while others died in a 1918 flu outbreak . Two dogs and a peacock also are buried there . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement report said poorly kept school records prevented officials from determining what became of the other 50 students : whether they were buried on the grounds or sent home to their families . It said most died as a result of accidents or illness , though two were killed by other students and one was shot by a deputy sheriff trying to run away . One of those "  White House boys " called the department 's report a "  whitewash . " "  All they did was try to do their best to discredit us , " Straley said . "  They focused on that instead of focusing on an investigation . " The department has said it stands by the integrity of its report . A Florida Department of Law Enforcement spokesman said officials could not comment on the research team 's findings until they have had time to review the report . Owen Smith was among the 31 students identified as having been buried in the cemetery . "  He had no ambition to do anything but play music , " said his sister , Ovell Smith Krell , who was 12 when her brother ran away from home in 1940 . She said he was headed for Nashville to become a musician , but never made it . He was arrested in a stolen car , and sent to the reform school . He ran away from the school , but got caught , he told his sister in a letter a short time afterward . A few months later , his family got a letter from the school , notifying them that Owen had run away for a second time . "  So far , we have been unable to get any information concerning his whereabouts , " wrote Millard Davidson , the school 's superintendent at the time . "  We will appreciate your notifying us immediately if you receive any word from or concerning him , " Davidson wrote . Owen 's family decided to travel to Marianna , Florida , to find out what was going on , but just before leaving , there was a call from the school with word that Owen had been found dead . "  They think he crawled under a house to try and get warm and that he got pneumonia and died , " said Krell , now 83 . She said her mother asked that Owen 's body be taken to a funeral home . The family had to borrow a car for the trip and when they arrived in Marianna two days later , school officials allegedly told them that their son was already buried . "  They said that the body was so decomposed , you would n't be able to identify him ... they took him straight out to the school and buried him , " she said . Owen 's classmate told the family a different story . According to his sister , the boy said as he and Owen tried to escape , "  my brother was running out across a field , an open field , and there was three men shooting at him , with rifles . " "  I believe to this day that they shot my brother that night , and I think they probably killed him and brought him back to the school and buried him , " she said . With the completion of the anthropological search , it will be up to the families of the missing students to go to a state court to ask a judge to order exhumations . One family has already filed suit for the return of a relative 's remains . Krell said she only hopes to give her brother a proper burial . "  I would take him and put him down with my mom and dad in their cemetery , " she said . "  I hope I get that chance . "	In 2009 , Florida determined that 31 boys buried at a reform school were fire , flu victims Today , investigators have found 18 more graves at the same site The team believes there 's another grave where black students may have been buried The state has remained mum on the new findings
CNN  -- China is rallying around fallen hurdler Liu Xiang Wednesday after he failed to make it past the first-round heat for a second consecutive Olympics . The sympathetic response was a stark contrast to the public outcry over his high-profile withdrawal from the Beijing 2008 Games . Liu knocked over the first hurdle , injuring his right ankle and inflaming an Achilles tendon injury that ruined his medal ambitions at the 2008 Games . Liu then hopped on his left foot down the remainder of the track in a symbolic completion of the race , pausing to kiss the final hurdle . "  What Liu Xiang did today reflected the true Olympics spirit , " said Feng Shuyong , the leader of the Chinese athletics team , in quotes carried by Chinese state news agency Xinhua . "  Winning is not so important , participation is what matters . " "  We 've all seen how hard it is for him . It is such a pity but his spirit is there , " Feng continued . "  I think he made a lot of efforts over the past four years trying to do well . But in competitive sports , anything can happen . " "  Liu 's spirit and sportsmanship won praise , not only from Chinese sport officials and millions of Chinese , but also from his foreign friends and opponents , " wrote Xinhua . Local newspapers in cities across China carried Liu 's story on their front pages , urging fans to support the athlete as he struggles to recover from injury . "  It is time for him to take a good rest , " wrote the Chongqing Morning Post . On the Sina Weibo microblogging platform , where Liu Xiang was the top trending term Wednesday , the topic page for the Liu Xiang hashtag included the subheading : "  Liu Xiang fell and lost his chance to qualify for the semi-final . Write one sentence to comfort him . " All eyes in China were on Liu at the London Olympics Tuesday , as he sought to redeem himself after limping off the track at his first-round heat at the Beijing 2008 Olympics . The outpouring of sympathy toward Liu is a marked contrast to the sharp anger and widespread criticism lobbed at him at the Beijing Games . His abrupt withdrawal in what was China 's most anticipated event brought his coach , fans , and reporters literally to tears in the stadium . Back then , Chinese fans denounced him as a "  coward " who should have finished the match before quitting . Some complained that they had paid 20 times the retail price for tickets to see Liu compete in Beijing , and demanded a refund . China 's sympathetic response this time around may be attributed to Liu 's symbolic completion of the race , as well as the Olympics not taking place on Chinese home turf . At 29 , Liu is also not expected to compete in another Olympics . The Shanghai native shot to international stardom when he won a gold medal in the 110-metre hurdles at the Athens 2004 Summer Olympics . His victory secured China its first men 's track and field gold medal . After a 13-month recovery period , Liu returned to the track at the 2009 Shanghai Grand Prix , finishing in second place . He went on to place first in several 110-metre hurdles competitions , including the 2010 Asian Games , 2011 Asian Championships , and 2012 Diamond Leagues held in Oregon and Shanghai . His coach , Sun Haiping , told Xinhua on August 3 that Liu 's Achilles tendon injury had flared up at his training camp in Germany ahead of the London Olympics , although he said they were confident it was under control . Liu also pulled out of the London Diamond League in London in July , citing back problems . Chinese media reported that Liu will undergo surgery for his Achilles tendon at a London hospital Wednesday . At 12.91 seconds , Liu 's performance in Athens is the fastest 110-metre Olympic record to date . His performance of 12.88 seconds in 2006 IAAF Super Grand Prix is his personal best and the world 's second-fastest record after Cuba 's Dayron Robles . CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	China rallying around hurdler Liu Xiang after he failed to pass first-round heat Sympathetic response stark contrast to public outcry over Liu 's withdrawal from 2008 Games State and commercial media , netizens expressing support for Liu Liu will undergo surgery for Achilles tendon injury in London Wednesday
CNN  -- Some heartburn medications could increase the risk of hip , wrist and spine fractures in high doses or with long-term use , the Food and Drug Administration warned . Such so-called proton pump inhibitors are used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease , stomach and small intestine ulcers and inflammation of the esophagus , along with frequent heartburn . They include esomeprazole , sold under the brand name Nexium , dexlansoprazole  Dexilant  . lansoprazole  Prevacid  , omeprazole  Prilosec , Zegerid  , pantoprazole  Protonix  and rabeprazole  Aciphex  . Over-the-counter versions include omeprazole  Prilosec OTC , Zegerid OTC  and lansoprazole  Prevacid 24HR  . The product labeling will be changed to describe the possible increased risk , the FDA said in a statement Tuesday . "  Epidemiology studies suggest a possible increased risk of bone fractures with the use of proton pump inhibitors for one year or longer , or at high doses , " said Dr. Joyce Korvick , deputy director for safety in FDA 's Division of Gastroenterology Products . "  Because these products are used by a great number of people , it 's important for the public to be aware of this possible increased risk and , when prescribing proton pump inhibitors , health care professionals should consider whether a lower dose or shorter duration of therapy would adequately treat the patient 's condition . " The warning and revised labeling stems from the FDA 's review of several studies that reported an increased risk of hip , wrist and spine fractures in people using proton pump inhibitors . The warnings and precaution sections of prescription labels and the drug facts label on over-the-counter medications will address the findings , the agency said .	Some heartburn , ulcer medications carry risk of fractures , FDA warns Increased risk comes with high doses , long-term use Warning includes both prescription and over-the-counter medications Drugs include some forms of popular medications Prilosec , Nexium , Prevacid , Protonix
Even if you do n't know his songs by name , chances are you 've partied to Pitbull . With his No. 1 hit "  Give Me Everything " and collaborations with stars like Jennifer Lopez , Usher , Christina Aguilera , Chris Brown , Kesha and Shakira , the Cuban-American rapper born Armando Christian Perez is riding high with his career . But Pitbull 's monster success has n't gone to his head . As he recently told Nischelle Turner on "  CNN Spotlight " : He just wants to bring joy to his fans . "  When you make this music that makes everybody feel good , that is the goal , " he said . "  When you come and see me ... I want you to escape . No mortgage . No bills . No baby mama drama . No child support . No economy messed up . No war . No terrorists . Just come here and lose your mind and enjoy . " But what makes Pitbull feel good ? Snagging high-profile gigs like opening the World Cup or hosting the American Music Awards keeps him busy , but here are five things you may not know about Mr. Worldwide : 1 . He plays hard , and he works hard . Banish the thought that Pitbull is just a musician . Behind the scenes , he is also a savvy businessman who , in addition to a line of fragrances for men and women and a TV development company , also has partnerships with Kodak , Voli Vodka and Bud Light . When asked for his best investment tips , Pitbull said : "  Do n't be afraid to lose . Listen . And always invest in yourself . " With almost 17 million Twitter followers and millions of downloads of his music , he is a pop culture force to be reckoned with . "  Pitbull is only going to get bigger , " Rolling Stone journalist Simon Vozick-Levinson said . "  He 's someone who 's not going to stop until he takes over the entire world . " "  There 's nothing owed to you in life , " Pitbull said . "  Those who make it work hard for it . " 2 . His stage name has meaning . According to the biography "  Pitbull : Mr. Worldwide , " the rapper had a reason for wanting to be known after a particular breed of dog . "  Pitbulls  bite to lock , " the book quotes him as saying . "  The dog is too stupid to lose . And they 're outlawed in Dade County  Florida  . They 're basically everything that I am . It 's been a constant fight . " He told CNN that he admires the tenacity of the breed . "  I like the hunt ; I like when people say you ca n't , you wo n't , you never will , " Pitbull said . "  Those kind of things turn me on . " It was around the release of his song "  I Know You Want Me " that Pitbull began to expand his territory . He went from representing Miami as Mr. 305  for the city 's area code  to the man we 've now come to know as Mr. Worldwide . "  If you do n't know where you 're from , you do n't know where you 're going , " Pitbull said . "  Believe me , I know where I 'm from . I love it . I wear it on my chest . Everywhere I go everybody knows Mr. 305 , Mr. Dade County , Miami boy representing . When I say Mr. Worldwide , it 's because we 're all around the world . Now , we 've got to think of another name like Mr. Another Planet or something . " Video : Pitbull 's favorite Cuban food 3 . His clothing does , too . Fans ca n't seem to get enough of Pitbull the sharp-dressed man  think tailored suits , not jeans and baseball caps  , but to Pitbull , it 's more than just a fashion statement . "  What I 've shown is evolution through the music business , " he said . "  When people ask , ` How come you do n't do music for the streets no more ? ' "  Man , I made music to get out the streets , not to stay in the streets . ` How come you be putting on these suits now ? ' It shows maturity ; it shows growth ; it shows evolution . This is what I want to teach y' all ; this is what this music 's about . This is what this journey is about . " "  He 's the truth , " Usher said . "  He 's consistent . He constantly is a gentleman . There 's something about a man who at every turn shows up with a suit on -- and will sweat for two hours in it . He 's committed , man . " 4 . He speaks his mind , whether you like it or not . What is celebrity status if it does n't include a few beefs here and there ? Pitbull has had his share of run-ins with other stars including Lindsay Lohan , who lost a defamation lawsuit against him after he rapped in a song , "  I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan " in reference to her highly publicized arrests . Rapper Lil Wayne also ran afoul of Pitbull after ranting against his beloved Miami Heat . Pitbull went so far as to record a "  diss track " called "  Welcome to Dade County . " 5 . He is inspiring the next generation to be successful like him . As Lil Wayne learned the hard way , Pitbull takes both Miami and sports seriously . But beyond recording music about it , he is using that passion to help shape the future . He helped create the Sports Leadership and Management Academy , aka SLAM , a charter school in Miami with a sports-based curriculum . "  The reason it 's so special is cause  the kids  are me , " Pitbull said . "  I can say  to them  , ' I can tell you what 's going on in your house right now . I know . I feel you . I 've been there . ' ... If we catch them at that little age , mold their minds , teach them what it is to be motivated , self-inspire , believe in themselves because coming from the neighborhood we came from no one believed in us ... this is changing the world little by little . "	Pitbull is an accomplished businessman His stage name has a meaning Pitbull has had run-ins with other celebs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The late Academy Award-winning composer Maurice Jarre enjoyed a glittering career composing the scores to many classic films . French composer Maurice Jarre wrote scores for films by Hollywood legends like John Huston , Alfred Hitchcock and David Lean . Last month , the 84 year-old who died Sunday gave one of his final interviews to CNN 's The Screening Room , in conversation with fellow composer Alexandre Desplat . Jarre , who died of cancer , worked with many legendary directors , like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston . But it is the French composer 's work with British director David Lean -- the scores to "  Lawrence of Arabia , " "  Dr Zhivago , " and "  A Passage to India , " for which he won three Oscars -- for which he is best remembered . Twice Oscar-nominated French composer Alexandre Desplat , who has written the scores for Stephen Frears ' 2006 drama "  The Queen , " and last year 's "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " regarded Jarre as an inspiration and an influence . "  Maurice was an immense artist ; an incredible symphonist ; a magician of the melody and a benevolent human being , " Desplat told CNN in tribute to Jarre who he describes as the greatest composer of the last 50 years . Alexandre Desplat : I do n't know if you know , but the path that you traced for us French composers is phenomenal and indispensable . And , of course , love for cinema and theater is something that unites us , because I also wrote a lot for the theater like yourself . Maurice Jarre : The love for cinema , that 's correct . I also had the opportunity to work with real -- to use a common word -- ` giants . ' Volker Schlndorff , Visconti , John Huston ... AD : and Hitchcock ! MJ : Hitchcock . This type of director has disappeared . They no longer exist . AD : One can sense with your work this passion for cinema , and for images -- your complete dedication to images . I think I also have this devotion , in fact , I do n't think , I know , because it 's devoured me since I was an adolescent . There are many composers of whom I know that are film composers by default , simply because it 's a job ; it 's a good occupation . I do n't sense in them that love for images , and that inspiration films has given us . MJ : People who say to me , ` When you write the music for a film do you know whether the film will be a great success ? ' I tell them , ` No , I was mainly concerned about finishing the music in time . ' Sam Spiegel  producer of "  Lawrence of Arabia  once said , ` You have a job like Superman ! ' That was true because I worked day and night . But , at that point , I had no idea I was working on probably one of the best films in the history of cinema . What is your favorite Maurice Jarre movie score ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box AD : This dedication to the cinema is all-encompassing . When one is a composer for films , it 's day and night . One needs to be in great physical condition ! MJ : Oh yes ! -LSB- Jarre puts up fists , as though in a boxing match -RSB- Like an athlete ... AD : I know that like me you must have worked 18 to 20 hours a day because there was no choice . Unless we are directing other people , having people work for us . In this case you 'd probably have to do less . But as we 're , I think , somewhat intelligent , and in love with details and in love with the timbre of the orchestration . MJ : That 's why I was so disappointed that you lost the Oscar -LSB- Desplat was nominated for Best Score in 2006 for Stephen Frears ' "  The Queen . " -RSB- The award is not that important , but it has sentimental value for you , because I respect your work . AD : I hope to one day achieve three Oscars like yourself Maurice . But you have to keep in mind that the rewards for the work are secondary . MJ : I was very disappointed with the people who won the Golden Globe and Oscar for Best Composition last year . For me , it should represent the real best film scores outside of , let 's say , political factors . Watch video : ` Zhivago ' composer dies AD : What 's essential is to have extremely talented directors who listen to you . That 's the best reward , because your talent as a composer can express itself . You can search , you can invent something . With films where the directors are n't so great , it 's much more difficult to write good music . MJ : You know , before I wrote the first electronic score for Peter Weir , for "  Year of Living Dangerously , " nobody wanted to hear about a purely electronic score , but Peter Weir used it in an artistic manner . That 's what was so great . AD : That is , for me , an example because after having done 70 or 80 film scores , I realize it is perhaps time for me to be careful not to repeat myself , and to find a new voice . I think that the path you took in the 1980s ... I find it extremely courageous to abandon the orchestra for electronic music . For me , it 's an incredible example . What was for you , Maurice , the most beautiful experience , or the Oscar which you loved most ? MJ : Of course , it 's the first -LSB- for "  Lawrence of Arabia " in 1963 -RSB- . It 's a sentimental one , because David Lean and I became good friends . With the good directors it was always an interesting experience -- and a difficult one -- because we always had slightly different visions at the outset . But , it always arranged itself . I never really had a ` bust-up ' with a good director . A good director will always find an intellectual understanding . And that 's what was great - I had an opportunity with all these people . I do n't think I can say that I ever worked with a bad director . There were never any real problems ; there were discussions ... a bit of diplomacy here and there .	Oscar-winning composer , Maurice Jarre wrote score for "  Lawrence of Arabia " Jarre talks to CNN 's The Screening Room in one of his final interviews The director who died Sunday also worked with Hitchcock , and John Huston He is in conversation Oscar-nominated composer , Alexandre Desplat
Entertainment Weekly  -- England does n't yet swing in the transporting , ruefully tender coming-of-age drama "  An Education . " Carey Mulligan and Peter Sarsgaard star as a couple in "  An Education . " It 's 1961 , and Jenny  Carey Mulligan  , a bright 16-year-old schoolgirl in a tidy London suburb , nurtures aspirations of sophistication that involve smoking cigarettes and dreaming of the day she can sit in a Paris cafe . Beatles-era grooviness and sexual liberation have n't yet reached this corner of the Empire , where cautious , 1950s-style postwar provincialism still prevails -- the same squareness the gents across the pond in "  Mad Men " are just beginning to bend . Jenny 's dad  Alfred Molina  is fearful and fussy ; Mum  Cara Seymour  is resigned . So the good student studies her Latin , grinding for admisson into Oxford University . Life lessons do n't begin until she meets David  Peter Sarsgaard  , who 's in his early 30s , and Jewish , and suave . He 's so charmant , he even dazzles Mum and Dad . Being included in David 's exotic , if mysteriously shady , universe -- the travel , the jazz clubs that hint at wider horizons , and , oh yes , the sex -- is like a crash course in worldliness . And as this picture of times that were a-changin ' demonstrates with quiet , though conventionally built , artistry , worldliness has its discontents . "  An Education " is the vivid story of how one girl became a woman -- and how Olde England morphed into the youthquake center of '60s yeah yeah yeah . None of which would be quite so vivid without the beguiling performance of newcomer Mulligan . She 's very much an It Girl , with her natural elegance in a brunet upsweep  la Audrey Hepburn . And she 's protectively partnered by Sarsgaard in the tricky job of playing sweet yet suspect , a balance he sustains with nonchalance . Equally important players : Dominic Cooper and the divine Rosamund Pike as David 's ever-so-knowing pals , Olivia Williams as a teacher who hates to see her prize pupil make poor choices , and Emma Thompson , steaming forth like a battleship as Jenny 's headmistress . The movie , in a palette of cloudy blues , is adapted from a vivid memoir by British journalist Lynn Barber and directed by gifted Danish filmmaker Lone Scherfig from a screenplay of economical empathy by "  High Fidelity " novelist Nick Hornby . Afterward , you 'll want to listen to the Beatles sing "  She 's Leaving Home . " It might be a girl like Jenny the lads had in mind . EW Grade : A-minus CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Carey Mulligan does fine job as teen seeking greener pastures in "  An Education " Film is about a girl in 1961 Britain who starts dating 30-something man Good performances all around , especially from Peter Sarsgaard , Emma Thompson
CNN  -- A Wyoming attorney representing a convicted murderer recently pardoned by Mississippi 's outgoing governor says his client will not attend a Mississippi Supreme Court hearing this week on the constitutionality of his and some 200 other pardons . "  He 's not going to go , " Cheyenne , Wyoming , attorney Robert Moxley said of his client , Joseph Ozment . "  He 's not a fugitive and there 's no valid order that says he needs to appear , " Moxley told CNN . On Thursday , the Mississippi Supreme Court will hear arguments brought by Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood challenging the legality of scores of pardons issued by outgoing Gov. Haley Barbour . Ozment was one of four men convicted of murder who were pardoned by Barbour in January and released from state custody . The four had been working as "  trusties " at the governor 's mansion . The releases were quickly challenged by Hood , who contends that the pardons are unconstitutional because most of the inmates involved did not fulfill all of the requirements to get a pardon . Specifically , they did not file legal notices in newspapers local to where their crimes were committed for a 30-day period as required by law . Ozment 's whereabouts were unknown after his release until he was located last week in Laramie , Wyoming , and served with papers telling him to appear in court in Mississippi . Hood 's office said last week that if Ozment does not comply , a judge has the authority to hold him in contempt . But CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin had a different opinion on the case as a civil -- not criminal -- matter at this point . "  He  Ozment  probably safely could ignore that piece of paper , " Toobin said last week on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " But if the attorney general succeeds in having the pardons declared invalid , "  his  Ozment 's  pardon is no longer valid . Then , the attorney general can get an arrest warrant and -- if  the attorney general  can find him at that point -- bring him back . " Added Ozment 's Wyoming attorney , "  He has n't even been required to file an answer in the civil case . There 's no use in him being a spectator . It 's just legal arguments . " "  The question is if there is any jurisdiction for a court to review a pardon in the first place , " Moxley told CNN . A spokesman for the attorney general told CNN that Hood would not have any comment on the case until after the Thursday hearing . Ozment was sentenced to life in prison in 1994 after he admitted he was part of a gang that robbed a convenience store in DeSoto County , Mississippi . The store clerk was killed in the robbery . Ozment entered a plea to avoid the death penalty , admitting that he entered the convenience store and after one of his accomplices shot the clerk , Ricky Montgomery , three times , Ozment walked up to Montgomery , who was crawling from behind the store counter , and shot him twice in the head . Ozment said that he did that so that the clerk could not later identify him . The Mississippi Supreme Court is expected to make a ruling on whether the pardons can even be challenged . If the court rules against the pardoned criminals , a lower court would be asked to hold hearings on each individual case . "  If the thing goes back to the trial court and resumes again , we 're going to litigate these issues on whether there is extradition -- if it comes to that -- but it 's a long way away , " said Moxley . Last week , at a news conference , Attorney General Hood said that if the court finds in his favor , he will have Ozment arrested "  as soon as we can lay hands on him . " But Hood said he hopes Ozment will turn himself in . "  We 'll see what kind of man he is , " Hood said .	Joseph Ozment was one of some 200 Mississippi inmates pardoned The pardons were issued last month by outgoing Gov. Haley Barbour The state attorney general is challenging the pardons Ozment , now in Wyoming , will not attend a hearing in Mississippi , his lawyer says
CNN  -- Ever hopped in a taxi and sat in traffic for hours whilst pedestrians and cyclists sailed past your window ? If so , you may wondered whether you 're part of the problem and not the solution . As public transport networks continue to improve in many African cities , taxis remain a common mode of getting around . But for Neil du Preez , there must be a better way . The South African entrepreneur has developed Mellowcabs -- electric three-wheeled vehicles designed for eco-friendly and efficient transportation in urban areas . CNN 's African Start-Up caught up with du Preez to talk travel , business and starting up in South Africa . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : What got you thinking about changing the taxi concept ? Neil du Preez : The departure point was when I learned 80 % of all urban trips are less than four kilometers . Globally , taxi rides are fairly short and it 's really inefficient to use a traditional taxi for these journeys . Efficiencies that can come with a small vehicle are enormous and passenger savings would be enormous . CNN : What stage of development is Mellowcabs at ? NdP : We built eight prototype cars and did a lot of testing -- we tested brakes , lights , everything . After the test , we basically wanted to re-design the entire vehicle and took the prototypes off the road . We are now at the stage of building chassis and want to be on South African roads in the first quarter of 2015 . CNN : You say these vehicles are designed for urban areas . Where are you targeting in South Africa and beyond ? NdP : We already have demand from advertisers for 60 vehicles in the Western Cape -LSB- The South African province where Cape Town is located -RSB- . After that , we will focus on Gauteng province -- South Africa 's province where Johannesburg and Pretoria are located . Beyond that a big mobile phone company in Nigeria is interested too and we are considering an initial focus on Lagos . But this could go beyond Africa too . We have had talks about a project in Washington DC and other cities in USA . CNN : How safe will traveling in these vehicles be ? NdP : We have developed ultra-rigid roll cage , safety belts and proximity sensors for the vehicles and some will be fitted with doors . I also recognize there are some security issues in South Africa . In very slow moving traffic , there is a risk of bag-snatching . Passengers will be able to use lockable baggage areas underneath the seat to keep property safe . And we are also looking at some vehicles to be fitted with a CCTV camera . CNN : How much will it cost for a normal journey ? NdP : The goal is to make each ride 15-20 rand  less than $ 2  per ride , irrespective of distance traveled . We want a Mellowcab ride to be way , way cheaper than traditional taxis . Normal taxis in South Africa are 8Rand per kilometer in a flagged ride , plus 15 rand for "  flag fall . " I recently took a 15 kilometer taxi ride north of Cape Town , and it cost 370 rand  $ 33  . We want Mellowcab to be much cheaper for the passenger and for the operator too . Passengers will be able to pay cash or through an app . CNN : Will all Mellowcabs be driven by employees , or can people hire them for self-drive ? NdP : All drivers will be permanently employed staff -- there 's more than enough people looking for quality work around here . I want to build up a team of really strong drivers . We 're putting successful drivers through a formal tour-guide training course , which will benefit not only us , but ideally develop them into small business owners later on . We 're also equipping them with communication and client interaction courses . What we 're also thinking of doing is transferring ownership of the vehicles to the drivers after a period of successful operation ... enabling them to become semi-owner drivers . CNN : Where is the funding coming from ? NdP : At the moment , the South African government is not involved . They have promised to get involved in the future , but I 'm not sure I want that . At the moment , the funding comes from a South African venture capital fund , and I own the majority of the shares . There is one other investor -- it 's -LSB- been -RSB- almost three years of playing around with different transport ideas . CNN : Why have you decided to start in South Africa -- is it a good country for entrepreneurs ? NdP : As far as Africa goes , South Africa is ideal -- we have good infrastructure and good internet connectivity . But we should all start thinking outside of Africa . There 's quite a lot of demand outside of South Africa for South African products . Traditionally , there was a very old school mindset -- South Africa was a very isolated market . Now things are happening , a lot of good opportunities and focus on startups . CNN : Is the government doing enough to encourage innovation ? NdP : The South African government could get much more involved in developing entrepreneurs . I 'd love them to get more involved particularly with funding . There is funding available for entrepreneurs , but it 's practically impossible . It 's really difficult to access the funding from South African government . Read this : Bike tour gives taste of township life More from African Start-Up Monique Todd contributed to this story	Mellowcab is a three-wheeled vehicle that the owner says is more efficient than traditional taxis South African entrepreneur Neil du Preez started working on the idea three years ago Du Preez want the cabs to be on the road in early 2015 After South Africa du Preez wants to expand to Nigeria and the U.S.
CNN  -- A news anchor for WCBS in New York City has resigned following allegations that he choked his wife in their Connecticut home , a WCBS spokeswoman said Wednesday . The anchor , Rob Morrison , said in a statement released Wednesday that his "  family is my first and only priority right now . " "  I have informed CBS 2 management that I need to put all of my time and energy into making sure that I do what 's best for my wife and my son , " Morrison said . "  I very much appreciate the opportunity that CBS 2 has given me and I thank them for accepting my decision . " Morrison was taken into custody early Sunday at the Darien home he shares with his wife , CBS MoneyWatch anchor Ashley Morrison , police said . He was arrested and accused of choking his wife with both hands after becoming "  increasingly belligerent ... during the course of the evening , " a Darien police statement said . He was arrested on charges of second-degree strangulation , second-degree threatening and disorderly conduct .	Rob Morrison was accused of choking his wife , Ashley Morrison of CBS MoneyWatch Rob Morrison : "  I need to put all of my time and energy " into doing right by family "  Family is my first and only priority right now , " former WCBS anchor says
CNN  -- When 48-year-old Erin Peiffer , of Eldersburg , Maryland , learned that she had high cholesterol in her 20s , she never thought it would pose a problem . When she was 39 , Erin Peiffer , now 48 , had open-heart surgery to unblock her left main artery . Although her overall cholesterol number lingered in the low to mid-200s , she figured her medication would keep it under control . But she figured wrong , and heart disease slowly started clogging her arteries . Dr. Elizabeth Nabel , director of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland , says that over the years , it 's become clear to most American women that heart disease is nothing to ignore . It 's the leading cause of death of women in the United States , says Nabel , a prominent advocate for women 's heart health . But Nabel says many women still do n't know all the risk factors for heart disease , especially when it comes to cholesterol . "  For middle-aged women , 40 to 60 , high cholesterol is the single most important risk factor for heart disease and heart attacks , " she said . The Heart Truth : How to lower your risk for heart disease Peiffer did n't think much about her cholesterol until nine years ago , when , at age 39 , she began to feel ill during a water aerobics class . "  I started coughing , " she recalled . "  I was coughing a lot ! " It got so bad she decided to drive home . The cough , she says , grew worse . "  The coughing continued , but then I was coughing up this pink , frothy stuff , and I knew that was n't right . " Alarmed , Peiffer left her kids with her husband and drove herself to the hospital . But because of her age , doctors never considered that she might be having heart problems ; they figured she had a virus and sent her home . But later tests showed that she had something wrong with her heart . After performing an angiogram , her doctors told her the bad news . Watch more on women and high cholesterol " "  They told me I had a 99 percent blockage in my left main artery , " she said . "  I needed open-heart surgery . " Millions of Americans get a diagnosis of high cholesterol every year . Cholesterol comes from two sources : your body and your food . Your liver  and to a smaller degree , your cells  makes about 75 percent of blood cholesterol . The remaining 25 percent comes from the foods you eat . Cholesterol is divided into two main types . HDL , or high-density lipoprotein , is the "  good " cholesterol because it helps to clear excess fats from the arteries . LDL , or low-density lipoprotein , is the bad cholesterol because it clogs the arteries , increasing a person 's risk for heart attack and stroke . The American Heart Association says that in premenopausal women , estrogen tends to raise HDL  good  cholesterol . But as estrogen drops during menopause , HDL levels drop too , and LDL levels rise . That 's why women need to know their numbers . For years , physicians believed that hormone-replacement therapy was a good way to protect a woman 's heart . However , the heart association recommends that hormone replacement not be used for cardiovascular protection , because recent studies have shown that postmenopausal women using it received no real heart benefit . In some people , improving diet and adding exercise can lower the overall number , but when lifestyle changes do n't work and for people who have a genetic predisposition for high cholesterol , medication is usually prescribed . But cardiologists say many people think that because they are taking medication , they 're protected and do n't need to worry about their numbers . That 's just not the case . So what are good cholesterol levels ? Your overall cholesterol number should be under 200 . If you have other risk factors -- like smoking , high blood pressure or a family history of heart disease -- your doctor may want it lower . A good HDL level of 60 mg or greater is considered protective . LDL should be under 100 mg for those with no risk factors for heart disease and 70 mg for those at higher risk . But again , depending on your health and family history , your doctor may want different readings . The first step in fighting high cholesterol is simple : "  Get a blood test , " Nabel said . The National Cholesterol Education Program guidelines recommend that everyone age 20 and older get a fasting "  lipoprotein profile " every five years . It gives your doctor information about total cholesterol , LDL , HDL and triglycerides , which are the main type of fat in blood . If your numbers are unhealthy , your doctor can advise you on treatment . If you want to avoid medication and try to achieve healthy cholesterol numbers naturally , the American Heart Association has these recommendations :  Keep your weight down , and cut down on calories , especially from saturated and trans fats , carbohydrates and alcohol . Even small amounts of alcohol can lead to large changes in triglyceride levels  although red wine may slightly bump up good cholesterol  .  Eat plenty of fruits , vegetables and nonfat or low-fat dairy products . And add fish to your diet . Fish oil helps reduce cholesterol .  Get off the couch and get active . Even 30 minutes of moderate exercise , five days a week or more , can make a difference . After her surgery , Peiffer had her family members ' cholesterol levels checked . She found that two of her three children had high numbers , and they are now on medication . Today , Peiffer too takes her medication , eats right and exercises to keep her heart healthy . And most important , she knows her numbers : Her cholesterol is well below 200 . She said , "  I tell anyone , anyone who will listen -- my family , friends -- ` Know your cholesterol numbers . ' It could save your life . "	Heart disease is leading cause of death of women in the United States Expert : For middle-aged women , high cholesterol is the most important risk factor Millions of Americans get a diagnosis of high cholesterol every year Cholesterol comes from two sources : your body and your food
CNN  -- "  I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . " I was not yet four years old when Dr. Martin Luther King spoke those words on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial . But in a way I have lived my life as if I were one of those children . For more than 40 years I have fought to make this country a place where those words would be true for all of us , where all Americans can be Dr. King 's spiritual grandchildren . I am not na  ve enough to think that with the election of Barack Obama racism has disappeared from America . In fact , according to a new AP Poll , racism has increased since 2008 . According to the poll , "  51 % of Americans now express explicit anti-black attitudes , compared with 48 % in a similar 2008 survey . " The three percentage point rise is not large , and within the poll 's margin of error . But , at the very least , it indicates we have not reached the post-racial world that some hoped Obama 's election would usher in . And the prejudice is n't limited to blacks : 52 % openly express anti-Hispanic sentiments . The numbers go up when measured by an implicit racial attitudes test . That is , when the survey takes into account the "  dog-whistles , " the new buzz word for code language only those "  tuned in " will hear , anti-black sentiment is 56 % and anti-Hispanic sentiment is 57 % . Opinion : Do n't let superstorm sway your vote This racism has consequences . Alan Jenkins , an assistant solicitor general during the Clinton administration and now executive director of the Opportunity Agenda think tank , told the AP that negative racial attitudes affect "  the way people are treated by police , the way kids are treated by teachers , the way home-seekers are treated by landlords and real estate agents . " The racial divide increasingly reflects the generation gap . According to the ninth annual Martin Luther King Jr. . Day report , published by the Boston-based group , United for a Fair Economy , "  Increasingly elderly Americans do not identify with young Americans who are far more racially and ethnically diverse , leading to reductions in future-oriented public investments . " The report notes that almost half of Americans under 18 are minorities and 80 % of retirees are white . By 2030 , the majority of those under 18 will be people of color , and by 2042 nonwhites will be the majority of the population . And as has become obvious in this campaign , the racial and generational divide is driven by the economic divide . In simple terms , the older white population has accumulated more of the wealth . The key political question is how they relate to and interact with a younger , more diverse -- and yes , more tolerant -- demographic . Frum : Let 's get real about abortions This may explain John Sununu 's recent comment . Explain , but not excuse . In an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , former New Hampshire Gov. Sununu said , when asked about Gen. Colin Powell 's endorsement of Barack Obama , "  You have to wonder whether that 's an endorsement based on issues or that he 's got a slightly different reason for supporting President Obama ... I think that when you have somebody of your own race that you 're proud of being president of the United States , I applaud Colin for standing with him . " The wording is a well-constructed dog-whistle . It 's also tone-deaf . What 's meant to deflect criticism -- "  somebody of your own race that you 're proud of ... I applaud Colin " -- sends a different signal : condescending and contemptuous . Just how condescending and contemptuous is easy to see if we reverse it : Sununu is endorsing former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney not because of policies or philosophy , but because both are old , rich and white . Either formulation should make us very uncomfortable . Opinion : What is presidential greatness ? In fact , Powell gave cogent , powerful reasons for his endorsement . He noted the difficulty of the recession , the job losses , the fiscal implosion , the unemployment and auto industry collapse . He said that he 'd seen "  stabilization ... in the financial community , housing ... starting to pick up ... consumer confidence rising . " On foreign affairs , Powell said President Obama has gotten us out of one war , started to get us out of a second and that the president 's actions "  with respect to protecting us from terrorism have been very , very solid . " Powell also explained why he was not endorsing Romney : "  The governor was saying things at the debate on -LSB- foreign affairs -RSB- that were quite different from what he said earlier ... As I listen to what his proposals are ... with respect to the economy , it 's essentially let 's cut taxes and compensate for that with other things . " Those responding to Sununu 's racist dog-whistle miss a critical point : each of us has a history -- be it racial , ethnic , religious -- that is a source of pride and sorrow . Our heritage helps shape our identity . But neither history nor heritage defines an individual 's character . Only the individual 's actions can do that . In human terms , what-you-see-is-what-you-get refers not to something superficial or external , but to what a person does , for character is expressed in action . Are we honest ; are we just ; are we compassionate ? Where are our acts of goodness and kindness ? What a shame that some who would lead , whether in politics or the media , still pretend otherwise . Powell argued about character ; Sununu insinuated about race . And Dr. King 's dream is still not yet a reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : This country should be one where Dr. King 's vision of racial equality prevails But she says new poll shows rise in anti-black , anti-Hispanic attitudes , far from post-racial She says other report showed generational divide in attitudes to growing minority population Brazile : Remarks like Sununu 's about Gen. Powell stoke and reflect this tenacious racism
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The venerable CBS soap opera "  Guiding Light " will go dark in September after 72 years and 16,000 episodes , the network announced Wednesday . Gina Tognoni is one of many performers who have appeared on "  Guiding Light " over the years . The daytime drama 's declining viewership led to the decision , according to a CBS spokeswoman . The show , which the Guinness Book of World Records lists as the longest-running television drama , first aired on NBC radio in 1937 as a 15-minute serial , the spokeswoman said . It moved to television on the CBS network in 1952 as 15-minute drama . It later went to 30 minutes , and on November 7 , 1977 , it expanded to one hour and introduced the wealthy Spaulding family as foils to the show 's middle-class Bauers , who were a mainstay of the show for much of its run . In 1979 , the show did a groundbreaking storyline when the character of Roger Thorpe  played by the late Michael Zaslow  raped his wife , Holly  Maureen Garrett  . The marital-rape story line reflected a significant real-life case in 1978 -- the state of Oregon v. John J. Rideout . It was the first time in modern U.S. history that a man was charged with raping his wife and then put on trial . It prompted national debate about whether a man had absolute sexual rights with his spouse . Rideout was acquitted . Among the actors who went on to greater fame after roles on the show : Kevin Bacon , James Earl Jones and Taye Diggs . The last episode is set to air on September 18 , the spokeswoman said . The show is produced in New York .	"  Guiding Light " originally was radio serial on NBC , debuted in 1937 Show moved to CBS , which put it on TV in 1952 Last episode of show to air September 18 Kevin Bacon among the stars who got their start on show
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Part of the U.S. embassy annex in Kabul came under attack early Monday , a U.S. official and an official from the International Security Assistance Force said . The attack was believed to be largely over by about 4 a.m. , the U.S. official said . At that point , there was not yet any word on casualties . ISAF Maj. Jason Waggoner said it was a single incident , not several attacks . The U.S. official described the situation as fluid at the targeted facility , which is used by U.S. government personnel in the Afghan capital . The area is known as a place where personnel both live and work , some in intelligence operations . A CIA spokeswoman declined to comment on the attack . "  Police have heard gunshots in the area , " said Siddiq Siddiqi , the spokesman for the Afghan interior ministry . "  The gunshots continued for three or four minutes . " Afghanistan has been site of several high-profile attacks of late , including strikes at the NATO headquarters and the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and the assassination of former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani . Rabbani had been leading efforts for reconciliation talks . U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta contended last Thursday that such attacks represent a strategy shift by the Taliban , the conservative and militant group that has been waging a years-long fight in the war-torn nation . "  We judge this change in tactics to be a result of a shift in momentum in our favor and a sign of weakness in the insurgency , " Panetta said in a Senate Armed Service Committee hearing . He added that "  the insurgency has been turned back in much of the country , including its heartland in the south , and Afghan National Security Forces are increasingly strong and capable . " Mike Mullen , the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , testified then that he felt Pakistan is "  exporting " violence to Afghanistan . He described the Haqqani terrorist network as "  a veritable arm of Pakistan 's intelligence " -- an assertion that Pakistani officials later strongly denied , even as it admitted the country does have contacts with the group . August was the deadliest month for U.S. forces in Afghanistan since the conflict began . Seventy-one American troops died that month , including 30 killed when insurgents shot down a helicopter August 6 in the eastern central province of Wardak . The surge in U.S. deaths comes as NATO is drawing down and handing over security control to national forces . Some 10,000 U.S. troops are scheduled to depart by year 's end , with all U.S. military personnel out of Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Ministry : The gunshots continued for three or four minutes The attack occurs overnight in a locale where U.S. personnel live and work There were no immediate reports of casualties An ISAF official describes it as a single incident
Hong Kong  CNN  They carried bright yellow umbrellas , chanting "  I want true democracy , " as they festively made their way through Hong Kong 's streets . For the first time in more than a month , demonstrators peacefully took to the roads , many said , to make their voices heard and let their government and the world know that their fight for universal suffrage continues . Joshua Wong , 18 , one of the student leaders of the movement , was one familiar face in the crowd . "  This rally is to let people know the umbrella movement is not over , " Wong said , referencing the iconic symbol chosen by the demonstrators when they occupied the streets of Hong Kong for two-and-a-half months late last year . The turnout , though , fell far short of expectations , even for organizers . While the group behind the march -- the Civil Human Rights Front -- had forecast 50,000 people to join , they estimated only 13,000 took part in the procession . A spokeswoman for the Hong Kong Police Force put that number at just 8,800 . While admitting some disappointment , Daisy Chan with the Civil Human Rights Front was still upbeat , saying the march had achieved its main goal : to remind the Hong Kong government that the reform proposal currently on the table for the 2017 election does n't go far enough . "  In the coming days , I think people will try to give more political pressure , not only through demonstration , but civil disobedience , in order to fight for true democracy , " Chan said . Dennis Yip , a 19-year-old student who joined the march , called it "  half successful " because new groups had joined . Some of them planned to meet after the rally to brainstorm the next steps , said Joshua Wong and other students . But it 's unclear where this movement , which drew over 100,000 protesters at its peak in 2014 , goes from here , without a clear leader or strategy to achieve its aims . As Hong Kong works through the process of how its top leader will be elected in 2017 , the government has asked for feedback during a two-month period of public consultations . But Hong Kong 's leaders , including Chief Executive CY Leung , have made it clear that there are limits : reform must be within the framework outlined by Beijing . That framework has Hong Kong 's next leader being directly elected for the first time , but notes that the candidates for the ballot will be screened by a nominating committee . The government responded to Sunday 's protest march with a statement on its website : "  The  government  calls on all sectors of the community to adopt an accommodating , rational and pragmatic approach , as well as an inclusive attitude to express views , to forge consensus so that 5 million eligible voters can elect the Chief Executive by universal suffrage through ` one person , one vote ' in 2017 . " One bright yellow sign held high by marchers along the route had a different interpretation : "  Democracy Bottom Line . Do Not Cross , " it read . Since its handover from the United Kingdom in 1997 , Hong Kong has been governed as a Special Administrative Region of China under the concept of "  one country , two systems . " CNN 's Felicia Wong and journalist Eudora Wong contributed to this report .	Organizers said fewer protesters turned out for this march Group behind protest says civil disobedience may be used in the coming days Hong Kong 's government has asked for feedback on election process
Tokyo  CNN  -- Nissan has started scanning vehicles made in Japan for traces of radioactive material , a company official said Friday . "  Looking ahead , we will continue to implement all appropriate measures to reassure the public that all products from our company remain within globally accepted safety standards and until we are confident that any risk of contamination is completely removed , " said Simon Sproule , corporate vice president of marketing for Nissan Motor Company . Sproule said the monitoring began this week . Sources inside the company said there is virtually no risk of contamination from a car and no potential health risk to customers , but testing began because of public concern . Production at several Nissan facilities remains suspended after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake damaged plants and equipment on March 11 , the company said in a statement Thursday .	A company official says the measures aim to "  reassure the public " The monitoring for radioactive material started this week Some Nissan production remains suspended
CNN  -- "  Are y' all alive ? " Andre 3000 probed the first-day Coachella goers as he took the stage with Big Boi in the first of their reunion shows . The duo , who have n't performed together since their 2006 Idlewild album , hooked the crowd as they opened with their Stankonia hit "  B.O.B. "  "  Bombs Over Baghdad "  , before going into a rapid-fire of "  Gasoline Dreams , " "  ATLiens , " "  Skew It on the Bar-B " and "  Rosa Parks . " Andre 3000 then told the crowd it feels so good to be back , as he talked about the 20-year anniversary of Outkast  they formed when they were in high school in 1992 and released their debut album in 1994  . A notable legend was there to witness the first of their many reunion shows . Andre told the crowd that "  one of his idols " -- the Purple One , Prince -- was backstage watching as they also ran through "  SpottieOttieDopaliscious , " "  Roses " and "  Elevators . " In the middle of the set , Big Boi and Andre both took time to showcase some of their solo work from their double album , "  Speakerboxxx/The Love Below , " before rapper Future and Janelle Monae also made appearances . "  This is my favorite group in the entire world , " proclaimed Monae . "  And what we 're witnessing tonight is history . " Outkast 's run of mainstream hits came at the end of their set as they went from "  Ms. Jackson " to "  So Fresh , So Clean , " "  The Way You Move " and "  Hey Ya ! " They then tried to squeeze in an encore song with Killer Mike , but were n't able to perform it before the festival 's 1 a.m. cutoff . Earlier in the day , Grouplove , Ellie Goulding , Chromeo and Girl Talk were among the acts that prepped the main stage before Outkast . Grouplove got the crowd dancing to tracks off their latest album "  Spreading Rumours , " before Ellie Goulding really got fans fired up with her sunset set , drawing celebrities including Selena Gomez , Kendall and Kylie Jenner and Joe Jonas to the front for the Brit 's high-energy performance . The Top-40 mainstay powered through her list of electro-pop hits like "  Lights " and "  I Need Your Love , " before getting everyone to their feet with closer "  Burn . " Chromeo got the masses moving with their disco-flavored electro-funk . Although they are Coachella vets , this weekend brought them a few festival firsts -- playing on a Friday and performing on the main stage , which they told CNN they found to be more challenging to connect with the crowd . "  On the big stage , they 're 50 feet away , so I could barely hear them , " said guitarist and lead singer Dave 1 after their set . The duo ran through a mixture of familiar hits , including "  Fancy Footwork " and "  Momma 's Boy , " as well as tracks from their forthcoming album , "  White Women . " Toro Y Moi made a guest appearance for recent single , "  Come Alive . " Other Day 1 crowd-pleasers included Aloe Blacc , Bastille  who garnered a crowd that waited through their entire set to hear the familiar hit song "  Pompeii "  , Broken Bells and HAIM . The sister act performed on the Outdoor Theatre during the peak of the heat in the afternoon . In between her now-notable "  bassface " expressions , Este Haim told the crowd that she has been coming to Coachella since 2004 , but that this is the first year she has n't had to run through a rose bush or hop a fence to get inside . Meanwhile in the Sahara tent , newcomer Martin Garrix attracted a crowd that extended past the tent walls as he opened his set with his notable track "  Animals . " His mix included samples from other Coachella weekend acts like Kid Cudi and Krewella , which had the crowd yelling along to the lyrics . But the most impressive part of the 17-year-old 's hour-set was the striking laser-light show that prompted the majority of the tent to take out their cell phones and capture it on video . Mainstream DJ/producer Zedd continued the fist-pumping/sing-along combination next as he played his radio hits like "  Stay the Night " and "  Clarity . " The 24-year-old 's set got the stamp of approval from Oscar winner Jared Leto who Instagrammed a photo from the stage writing "  My friend @Zedd destroying #coachella . " With two more days ahead in Indio , California , Chromeo 's Dave 1 summed up the festival 's continued attraction calling it "  the most indie-centric music curation " with mainstream appeal . "  It 's the festival where you have the coolest bands that get the biggest looks , " he said . "  Coachella 's got a sexiness to it that no other festival in the world has . "	Outkast headlined the opening night of the Coachella music festival The hip-hop duo has n't performed together in eight years Stars including Selena Gomez and Joe Jonas came out to see Ellie Goulding
Having willfully avoided direct military involvement in Syria for the past two years , Barack Obama may not be so lucky over the next two . Reports that Bashar al-Assad 's forces may have used chemical weapons will almost certainly force the president 's hand into a course of action that takes the U.S. beyond the humanitarian assistance to refugees and the non-lethal aid and training it 's provided to the rebels . What Obama does on Syria flows directly from what he wants to achieve , or more to the point , what he wants to avoid . And in this case , that means a slippery slide toward military involvement in Syria that incrementally sucks America in without a clear sense of an end game . Indeed , it 's been the president 's inability to see that end state that has been the single greatest constraint on his willingness to become more involved . And because that 's no clearer today , Obama will look for the least risky and encumbering course of action in Syria , and that probably means arming the opposition . Sadly , this is unlikely to significantly accelerate the demise of the al-Assads . In March , the president said that al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons would be a game-changer , a red line . Tuesday , he said he needs more evidence before acting . "  When I am making decisions about American national security and the potential for taking additional action in response to chemical weapons use , I have to make sure I have the facts , " he said . Paradoxically , the chemical weapons issue is n't so much a revolutionary departure point for the president as much as it is the impetus for another incremental move in a complicated calculus of how Obama tries to find a way to stay out of Syria . And who could blame him ? Despite the moral , humanitarian and strategic arguments for intervention , Syria is a trap that threatens to suck external powers in and shackle them with responsibility for war-making , peacekeeping and a reconstruction effort that could eventually involve thousands of boots on the ground and billions of dollars in assistance . And it 's been clear from the beginning that Obama has no intention of getting stuck with the check . His calculations are pretty obvious ones . Having laid the groundwork for taking America out of wars that have been the two longest and among the most profitless in its history , Obama has no intention of getting America into new ones . Syria is n't Libya , a country without serious defenses , allies and chemical weapons that represents low-hanging fruit for any military planner . And Obama 's priorities reflect the desires of the American people , which run to fixing America 's own broken house , not chasing around the world looking for others to repair . And while 's there 's no evidence to prove this , Obama 's cautious calculation on Syria is probably also driven by Iran . This is n't the conventional notion banging around Washington that the best way to weaken the mullahs is to push al-Assad out but the president 's sense that when the moment of decision comes on Iran , he 'll need Russian and Chinese support and as much flexibility as possible if he needs to launch military strikes . He knows he wo n't get Russian support on Syria and Iran . And he does n't want to be engaged in military campaigns on two fronts  and in Afghanistan  if he 's going to war with the mullahs . All of Obama 's calculations have now been challenged by what appears to be al-Assad 's use of chemicals . And he 's now forced to consider violating his own red line on military action in Syria . The chemical weapons issue challenges him in three ways : First , it undermines his personal credibility . If Obama declared that the use of chemical weapons would be a game-changer and nothing happens , America 's credibility is lost in the yawning gap between the president 's words and deeds . The red line turns pink ; once again , America 's street cred is undermined in a region where power is respected . Second , if Obama does n't impose some cost on the regime , al-Assad may use chemicals again , perhaps this time in a more expansive way . The Syrians have introduced more muscular military tactics against the opposition gradually : first artillery , then air power and then surface-to-surface missiles . The alleged use of sarin gas may well be part of that pattern . Obama must try to break it . And third , the world is watching . If the president ca n't enforce his own red line on chemicals , what do you think our adversaries  North Korea and Iran  and friends  Israel and Saudi Arabia  will conclude on the nuclear issue ? So the question is not whether to act but how . And the answer from Obama 's perspective is to identify the least risky option . If the president wanted to bring down the regime more quickly , he 'd develop a three-pronged strategy to create offensive no-fly zones protecting rebel sanctuaries near the Turkish and Jordanian borders using Patriot missile batteries ; proactively suppress Syrian air defenses ; and then launch air and cruise missile strikes against Syrian military assets and even leadership targets . Shock and Awe the Syrians for several weeks . But that 's not his inclination or that of his military advisers . As recently as Tuesday , Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs , was still being super cautious on a no-fly zone . What Obama is likely to do -- and the signals from the White House are clearer than ever -- is to begin providing lethal assistance to opposition elements that have been carefully vetted and covert assistance to coordinate delivery and training . Help the rebels to help themselves and avoid , at least for now , direct U.S. military intervention . The real question is whether the administration is prepared to provide even those "  koshered " rebel groups , those without ties to Sunni extremists and an inclusive approach to the new Syria , with the "  manpads " : portable surface-to-air missiles and anti-armor weapons in sufficient quantities that might be effective against al-Assad 's air and armor . There 's a real risk that weapons could end up in the wrong hands , used against Americans or other Syrian opposition groups in the ongoing struggle for Syria and between Sunnis and Shiites . The fact is , Obama has no good options . He 'll pick the least worst one , providing some kind of weapons to the rebels . That will make us feel better , neutralize the liberal interventionists and conservative Republicans who 've been blasting him and respond to those who say he 's backing away from his red line . It wo n't turn the tide in Syria or necessarily prevent al-Assad from using chemical weapons . The other alternatives -- do nothing or design a proactive and comprehensive military strategy to take out the al-Assads -- are n't in the cards . But make no mistake : Sooner rather than later , the president will likely be faced with another decision point along the slippery slope of U.S. military intervention in Syria .	Aaron Miller says President Obama has no good choices on Syria He says U.S. would probably provide arms to elements of the opposition That is the least risky course but still could mean a slippery slide toward war , he says Miller : Obama rightly wants to avoid the risks , bloodshed , cost of another war
CNN  -- The NCAA on Tuesday proposed that athletes receive unlimited meals and snacks , the collegiate sports organization said in a news release . Member Division I schools could provide their athletes food in addition to the meal plan covered by the student 's scholarship if the plan is approved , the release said . The announcement comes not long after a University of Connecticut star told reporters covering the NCAA tournament that he sometimes goes to bed "  starving " because he ca n't afford food . Shabazz Napier 's remarks sparked a new discussion on what benefits athletes should receive . Napier , a senior , is a top NBA prospect . However , the NCAA has been discussing changes to its meals rules for months . The decision from the Legislative Council would need to be approved by the Division I board of directors at a meeting on April 24 . "  Today we took action to provide meals to student-athletes incidental to participation . I think the end result is right where it needs to be , " said council chairwoman Mary Mulvenna . As of now , NCAA rules say athletes may be provided three meals a day or a food stipend . The new rule would apply to scholarship and nonscholarship athletes . Other proposals from the council included reducing the penalty for first time offenders of a positive test for street drugs like marijuana during championships and requiring football players to take at least three-hour breaks between practices during preseason . The drugs penalty will be suspension for half a season instead of a full season , the NCAA said . If approved the measures would take effect August 1 .	Ruling would apply to both athletes who get scholarships and those who do n't NCAA has been looking at the issue for months Star player at NCAA tournament revealed he sometimes can not afford to buy food Other proposals include lighter penalties for testing positive for marijuana
CNET  -- Just how reliant are you on the Internet ? More women would give up sex rather than go without Internet access , according to a new survey . Nearly half of the women questioned by Harris Interactive said they 'd be willing to forgo sex for two weeks , rather than give up their Internet access , according to a study released Monday by Intel , which commissioned the survey . While 46 percent of the women surveyed were willing to engage in abstinence versus losing their Internet , only 30 percent of the men surveyed were willing to do likewise . The U.S. survey , which queried 2,119 adults last month , found that the gap grew even wider for both men and woman who were 18 to 34 years old . For woman , the percentage of those willing to skip the sheets in favor of the Web rose to 49 percent , while it climbed to 39 percent for men . And for women 35 to 44 years old , the figure jumped to 52 percent . Results as of Monday from CNET 's related online poll showed that 30.5 percent of respondents would give up sex for one year , while 26.1 percent would do without Internet access for a year . Almost 40 percent of voters did n't want to sacrifice either . These figures were just some of the tidbits that came out of the Intel 's broader commissioned study on Americans ' reliance on the Internet in today 's economy . Though not as sexy but equally interesting , the survey also found that 87 percent of respondents said the Internet saves them money . Specifically , 84 percent of those surveyed found the Internet saved them money by comparing prices online and searching out the best deals , while 65 percent said it aided them in finding coupons , discounts , and special promotions . And TV , which has been losing its share of eyeball time to the Internet over the years , found that the majority of adults would be willing to forgo two weeks of watching TV versus losing one week on the Internet . Of course when it comes to TV , perhaps size matters , at least according to a different survey earlier this year of Britons conducted by electronics retailer Comet . Almost half of the men polled said they would give up sex for six months in return for a 50-inch plasma TV , according to Reuters . That compared with just over a third of women who were willing to make the same sacrifice for the big-screen television .  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Survey : Nearly half of women would forgo sex rather than give up Internet access More women than men would be willing to give up sex , the survey found The survey , commissioned by Intel , queried 2,119 adults in the U.S. last month Most adults also would forgo two weeks of TV over one week of Internet use
A suspected Islamic militant returning to Europe from the war in Syria was arrested on Sunday at Malaga airport in southern Spain as a potential "  threat to national security , " the Interior Ministry said in a statement . The suspect , Abdeluahid Sadik Mohamed , belongs to an al Qaeda-linked group , Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , the statement said . A spokesman for the Ministry confirmed Sadik Mohamed is a Spanish national born in Ceuta , the Spanish enclave on Morocco 's north coast . He had spent months alongside Islamic militants fighting in Syria and in Iraq since last May , arriving to the region from Casablanca , Morocco . He was arrested at Malaga airport on a flight from Istanbul , Turkey , the statement said . Spanish terrorism experts have repeatedly said that authorities are closely tracking the movements of Islamic militants who have fought in Syria , Iraq or Afghanistan when they come to Europe for the threat they pose as potential "  lone wolves " or in group terrorist actions . Sadik Mohamed was allegedly involved in terrorist training camps in Syria and Iraq , the statement said . The Interior Ministry did not immediately reveal his age . He was a suspect in a partially dismantled Spanish and Moroccan network of Islamic militants that recruited , indoctrinated , trained and financed militants to be sent to the battlefronts in Syria . The network was based in Ceuta and and in the nearby Moroccan city of Fnideq . Ten militants allegedly linked to this network have been jailed on pretrial charges of terrorism , including the alleged leader who was arrested September 17 after escaping detention in June . Eight other suspected colleagues were rounded up at that time . In a court order issued in June , Judge Ismael Moreno of Spain 's National Court wrote that the suspected cell in Ceuta was "  a structure based in Spain , with connections in Morocco , Belgium , Turkey and Syria , dedicated to radicalizing , recruiting and sending mujahedeen  fighters  to Syria with the aim of conducting jihad and achieving martyrdom . " The group has connections to the Jabhat al-Nusra front , described as an active al Qaeda group in and around Syria , and to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , but "  there are increasing references to carrying out jihad at home , " the judge warned at the time , referring to potential attacks in Spain . The group had sent at least 12 Spanish or Moroccan males , from both Ceuta and Morocco , to fight in Syria , the judge wrote . At least five died in suicide attacks in Syria that caused numerous casualties . One of the males was a minor ; it was not immediately clear if he was among those who had died . Sadik Mohamed will be arraigned at the National Court in Madrid , the Interior Ministry statement said .	Suspect is a Spanish national The suspect is tied to an al Qaeda-linked group The arrest took place at Malaga airport Sadik Mohamed will be arraigned at the National Court in Madrid ,
CNN  -- Somali gunmen on Wednesday released a British aid worker kidnapped last week while working for Save the Children . The aid worker , named as Zimbabwe-born Frans Barnard , was freed after tribal elders negotiated with his captors , Save the Children confirmed . Barnard was safe and well and had been moved to a more secure place in Somalia , Save the Children said in a statement . No ransom had been paid by the organization to secure Barnard 's release , it said . "  Save the Children 's policy is not to pay ransoms and we did not pay a ransom to secure Fran 's release . The release was negotiated by the clan elders and we are extremely grateful to them , " Save the Children said . "  We believe Frans was abducted by an independent group of criminals with no political affiliation or support from other groups in the region . " Save the Children chief executive Justin Forsyth earlier told BBC radio Barnard had been looked after by his kidnappers . "  He is well , he is in good spirits and he is on his way to a place of safety , " he said . British Prime Minister David Cameron welcomed news of Barnard 's release and said the government had been in close contact with Save the Children . "  Let me praise the professionalism of Save the Children and also thank the Somali clan members who were involved in his release , " Cameron told lawmakers . "  I 'm sure it will be good for him to be back with his family after what must have been a very , very frightening and difficult few days . " Barnard was kidnapped along with a Somali aid worker from a guesthouse compound in the town of Adado , near the Ethiopian border , last Thursday . The Somali national was released soon afterwards . Save the Children is an international organization based in the United Kingdom . It works to improve the lives of children worldwide . The group said it had been assessing the feasibility of starting up an humanitarian program to help malnourished and sick children and their families in the area . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country .	British aid worker Frans Barnard released by gunmen in Somalia Barnard 's release was negotiated by tribal elders Save the Children says no ransom was paid to the kidnappers
Give an astronaut on the International Space Station a digital camera and you 're bound to end up with some astounding images -- especially if they 're flying above North Korea . When the space station passed over East Asia one night recently , a member of NASA 's Expedition 38 crew took a series of photographs that show just how off-the-grid the Hermit Kingdom really is . While thriving cities and major roads are seen glowing across South Korea and China , the landscape between the two countries is so dark that it 's difficult to tell where the sea ends and North Korea begins . Pyongyang "  appears like a small island , " says NASA , noting that the light emission from the North Korean capital is equivalent to the smaller towns of its neighbor to the south . The space agency , which turned the images into a timelapse video , says city lights at night are a good indicator of the relative affluence of cities . Looking at the images , it 's hardly a surprise that energy use is dramatically different on either side of the 38th parallel . In South Korea , per capita power consumption is 10,162 kilowatt hours while in North Korea the figure is 739 kilowatt hours , according to World Bank data .	Images taken from space at night show North Korea as a black spot Lights from cities and infrastructure flicker across other East Asian nations NASA says lights at nighttime illustrate a city 's "  relative economic importance "
Germany is sending senior intelligence officials to Washington , a Foreign Ministry spokesman said Saturday , amid outrage over claims the U.S. National Security Agency monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . Among them will be the heads of Germany 's foreign and domestic intelligence services and the coordinator of the federal intelligence services , the government 's press office said . The trip comes amid a series of reports that have challenged relations between the two long-time allies . The latest is a story in the German magazine Der Spiegel that -- citing a secret U.S. intelligence file -- claimed Merkel 's phone had been monitored for more than 10 years , stretching back before her current post . The same database indicated the United States was spying on many others in Berlin 's political district , at least up to when U.S. President Barack Obama visited Berlin this year , Der Spiegel reported . Asked about these claims , U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said her agency does not "  comment publicly on every specific intelligence activity . " "  And , as a matter of policy , we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations , " said Hayden , echoing comments she and others have made in recent days . Still , it remains to be seen if citizens and leaders in Europe will accept such explanations -- and whether recent efforts by the Obama administration to address their concerns will be successful . Spokesman : U.S.-German talks ongoing for months The German government 's deputy spokesman said Friday that its officials heading to Washington would seek to push forward talks with the White House and the NSA as they seek more information about the alleged U.S. spying . The German representatives will be in the U.S. capital "  very soon , " said the foreign ministry spokesman , who is not named in line with department policy . The spokesman said it is most likely that the intelligence officials will meet with their respective counterparts , although he did not know exactly who they would see . The United States has been in talks with German intelligence officials for the past several months , and leaders of both countries have agreed to increase cooperation , said Hayden of the National Security Council . "  We understand that German officials plan to travel to Washington in coming weeks , and the U.S. government looks forward to meeting with them , " she said . Germany and Brazil are also drafting a U.N. resolution regarding the protection of privacy in electronic communication , according to the German foreign ministry spokesman said . Diplomats from those two countries met Thursday to discuss the possible U.N. resolution , government officials in Brazil said . "  It is very general , but we think this is a very important topic , that 's why we are drafting it . It is still at a very early stage , so we do n't know when it will be presented or if other countries will join , " the German spokesman said . Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims U.S. relations have soured with Brazil over reports that the United States spied on President Dilma Rousseff and her advisers . Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden reportedly leaked the documents cited in Brazilian media reports about the alleged espionage operations , as well as those in European media outlets . ` Significant challenges ' U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki referred to the leaks from Snowden in comments Friday in Washington . "  These unauthorized disclosures of classified information have of course led to criticisms of our intelligence activity by many of our friends and partners , " she said . "  It 's created significant challenges in our relationships with some of our partners and has been , of course , a public distraction . " Obama has directed the government to review its surveillance capabilities , including with regard to its foreign partners , she said . Obama promises changes "  We want to ensure we 're collecting information because we need it and not just because we can , " she said . "  We will of course continue to gather the information we need to keep ourselves and our allies safe . We of course will factor in the views of our friends and partners as we have those discussions with them , and we 'll continue to balance our security needs with privacy concerns . " The U.S government fully expects that "  more allegations will surface given the quantity of classified information leaked by Mr. Snowden , " Psaki added . ` Deep concerns ' in Europe Anger over the claims of widespread spying by the NSA on its European allies overshadowed an EU summit held in Brussels on Thursday and Friday . EU leaders said the allegations had raised "  deep concerns " among Europeans and could affect the cooperation needed for effective intelligence gathering . "  A lack of trust could prejudice the necessary cooperation in the field , " the leaders said in a joint statement issued at the conclusion of the European Council meeting . Germany and France intend to seek talks with the United States "  with the aim of finding before the end of the year an understanding on mutual relations in that field , " the EU leaders ' statement said . Other nations are welcome to join these talks , it noted . Merkel said the assertions that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on her and other world leaders had "  severely shaken " relationships between Europe and the United States , and that trust would have to be rebuilt . Merkel : Relations with U.S. ` severely shaken ' over spying claims Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announced Friday that Madrid had summoned U.S. Ambassador James Costos over the matter , a day after Germany summoned the U.S. envoy to Berlin over its concerns . The German spying allegation came in the same week that the French daily newspaper Le Monde reported claims that the NSA intercepted more than 70 million phone calls in France over a 30-day period . French President Francois Hollande said Friday there is an "  ongoing dialog " with the United States over its past actions , but the priority is establishing a "  code of conduct " for the present and future .	Der Spiegel : U.S. spied on Merkel for more than 10 years , at least until June NSC does n't comment on claim , says U.S gets intelligence like other nations German intelligence officials will visit Washington , Foreign Ministry spokesman says A European summit was dominated by anger over claims of widespread U.S. spying
London  CNN  -- What has happened to my country ? This last fortnight has made me feel like a foreigner in my own home as a collective wave of happy-clappy good will descended on this once curmudgeonly isle . Where has our natural suspicion of organized fun gone , our disdain for overt displays of emotion , our celebration of hapless failures . It 's easier for my fellow cynics , most of whom probably fled these shores long before the official sponsors parked their corporate juggernauts on our lawns and the athletes arrived for the glorified sports day known as the Olympic Games . But I had to remain in London to help with CNN 's coverage of the spectacle , and boy was it tough seemingly being in a minority of one . The singer Morrissey reliably poured his usual words of scorn on the parade , criticizing the "  blustering jingoism . " He added : "  Has England ever been quite so foul with patriotism ? " But while I secretly sympathized with him , I bet he did n't have to run the gauntlet of thousands of smiling flag-waving enthusiasts on London 's public transport system every day of the Games . It was bad enough in 1997 , following the death of Princess Diana , when a similar wave of hysteria overtook Britain . Then , complete strangers cried together and hugged each other in the street , as they mourned a pampered princess whom they had never met . Commentators opined on page after page that Britain had entered a new era in which adults were able to discuss the hitherto taboo issue of emotions in public . Many of us hoped they were wrong . But this time it 's far , far worse . Not only are we all supposed to rejoice that  # 9 billion of taxpayers ' money has been spent tarting up part of east London that I have never visited and now have even less reason to go there , we must all celebrate and cry uncontrollably when sports men and women win events that I have never even heard of . Coxless fours ? Taekwondo ? Handball ? I would n't have minded if there were real sports in the Olympics -- crazy golf , kite-flying , staring contests to name just three of my favorites -- but many of the events that really took place are just crazy . Before the Games , I was quite hopeful that something would go marvelously wrong in the British tradition . We 'd got the dates wrong , and it 's actually taking place next year . The swimming pool would spring a leak . The medals had n't been made . But oh no , everything went to plan -- IT DID N'T EVEN RAIN -- and suddenly we 're a "  nation at ease with itself . " But before you board your flight home and hail Britain 's flawless organization skills , spare a thought for curmudgeons like me . And now you 've had your fun , please make sure you clear up all your mess , and turn out the lights . The show 's over ! Normal service can resume .	Peter Wilkinson : Good will descended on this once curmudgeonly isle "  I was quite hopeful that something would go marvelously wrong in the British tradition . " Commentators opined on page after page that Britain had entered a new era , he said
CNN  -- Talks continued Saturday in Bolivia , where a police mutiny over pay has included the storming of buildings and a hunger strike by officers ' wives . Bottom-rank officers across the country are demanding a substantial pay increase and a retirement pension equal to their current salaries . They have a monthly base salary of $ 115 and want a jump to $ 287 . Other demands include the resignation of their commander . The hunger strike , started by 60 spouses , began this week and was being held in La Paz and other cities . The tension rose Thursday when mutineers entered a building used by higher-level officers . Friday , protesters raided police intelligence offices , seizing computers and burning investigation documents . Protesters threw rocks while others burned papers , furniture and other items in the street . Government officials appealed for peaceful negotiations . "  The best way to continue working on these requirements is not by way of pressure or to seize and occupy public offices , " said Carlos Romero , minister of government . "  It 's not by destroying of public property , by burning documents -- it 's not the way . " Protesting police are in charge of controlling the massive demonstrations that occur frequently in La Paz . Members of Bolivia 's armed forces have taken over many of the tasks performed by police . Ombudsman Rolando Villena raised concerns about citizen safety . "  We are concerned about the helplessness in which the population is in , " he said . "  The absence of protection by the police . We call upon both parties to seek a solution within the framework of dialogue . " Journalist Gloria Carrasco contributed to this report .	Bolivian police demand higher pay , pensions Protests include burning of documents , rock throwing The government is in negotiations with the officers
CNN  -- A police officer jailed on a first-degree murder charge in a two-state shooting rampage was on his computer at the time of shootings and could not have committed them , prosecutors said Tuesday evening . Brian E. Dorian , 37 , was to be released on his own recognizance Tuesday night , and charges against him will be formally dismissed Wednesday , Will County State 's Attorney James W. Glasgow announced . "  I feel horrible that Brian Dorian went through this , " said Glasgow , adding that evidence at the time and identification in lineups merited the charges . "  At no time did we stop looking for exculpatory evidence . " A forensic analysis of Dorian 's home computer and its activity put Dorian at home at the time of the shootings , authorities said . The officer also told them he was watching sports programs and using e-mail . John Dorian , the officer 's father , told CNN affiliate WLS he was "  relieved " and "  never doubted his son . " Police now are looking at other leads in the shootings . Earlier in the day , Dorian appeared in court via a hookup from the Will County Jail . He did not speak but his attorney entered a not guilty plea , WLS reported . Several friends and relatives wore T-shirts bearing the message "  Free Brian . " "  There 's an innocent man sitting behind bars and somebody else is running around out there knowing that he got away with it . It 's not fair , " Jill Aggen , a friend of Dorian , told WLS . "  No doubt in my mind . He 's not capable of it . " Dorian , an officer with the Lynwood Police Department , was arrested Friday in the killing of one person and the wounding of three others in the spree , which occurred south of Chicago , Illinois . He was held on a probable cause warrant , and bail was set at $ 2.5 million . Dorian , who according to WLS has been on medical leave for an injured shoulder the past year , was taken into custody Friday at his residence , said authorities . The shootings began about 10:30 a.m. October 5 at a construction site near Beecher , Illinois . The gunman killed one worker at the site and wounded two others , police have said . An hour later and about 10 miles away in Lowell , Indiana , authorities believe the same gunman opened fire again -- this time on a local farmer . Keith Dahl was shot in the left shoulder , arm and elbow , and then was robbed . Dahl told Lake County  Indiana  Sheriff 's Detective Robert Martinez that the gunman approached him on his farm and started a conversation about bees before beginning to shoot . The gunman was believed to be using a revolver -- possibly a Colt .38 - caliber or .357 Magnum -- because no shell casings were found at either scene , Lake County Sheriff Rogelio "  Roy " Dominguez said .	Police officer to be freed in Illinois , Indiana shootings Analysis of computer shows he was at home at time of crimes Brian E. Dorian was being held on $ 2.5 million bail One person was killed and three wounded in shootings south of Chicago
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Police arrested 26 demonstrators at the U.S. Capitol on Thursday during a protest of federal AIDS policy , a Capitol police spokeswoman said . A man is placed in a van Thursday after being arrested on suspicion of unlawfully demonstrating in the Capitol . Police arrested the protesters on suspicion of unlawful assembly and disorderly conduct at the Capitol rotunda , spokeswoman Sgt. Kimberly Schneider said . The protesting group , Health Global Access Project , said in a statement that 27 people were arrested . The 10 a.m. demonstration by dozens of AIDS activists for increased funding of AIDS programs coincides with this week 's congressional talks over the financing of a health care reform plan . Members of Health Global Access Project entered the busy rotunda and chained themselves together with plastic chains , Schneider said . They lay on the ground holding up signs while some amused bystanders watched as police tried to persuade the protesters to disperse . Police took those who refused into custody . Group members knew they risked arrest , the group said in its statement , but they wanted to grab the attention of lawmakers and President Obama , who they accused of creating a "  flawed budget proposal " that did not include critical HIV/AIDS funding . "  HIV is not in recession , " Omolola Adele-Oso of DC Fights Back said in the statement . "  So why are we bailing out the bankers with $ 9 trillion , but breaking promises to fund life-saving AIDS programs in the U.S. and around the world at a fraction of that cost ? " The group wants increased HIV/AIDS funding in the health care plan and requested that the government "  fully fund " global AIDS programs and housing programs for low-income AIDS sufferers , they said . They argue that the administration 's budget proposal "  essentially flatlines global AIDS funding . " HIV/AIDS funding increased for 2010 under a Department of Health and Human Services budget . Obama applauded former President Bush in December for his funding of global AIDS programs and said he planned to continue the work for AIDS relief in Africa . About 33 million people worldwide have HIV , according to the World Health Organization . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that about 1.1 million people living in the United States are infected with HIV/AIDS . More than 13 percent of those newly diagnosed in 2006 transmitted the disease through injection drug use , the CDC reported . Health Global Access Project also wants Congress to lift the federal ban on funding syringe exchange so clean needles are available to users , Jose De Marco said in the statement . De Marco , who has HIV , is a member of the AIDS activist organizations ACT UP Philadelphia and Proyecto Sol Filadelphia .	Police : Demonstrators chained themselves together , lay on ground in rotunda Protesters : Federal government needs to spend more on AIDS programs Group also wants Congress to lift the federal ban on funding syringe exchange
CNN  -- At least 34 people were killed and 94 injured after twin explosions rocked a market in the Sadar area of Peshawar , Pakistan , authorities said early Sunday . The first blast , relatively small , went off in the restroom of a restaurant in the crowded Khyber Super Market , according to Shafqat Malik , chief of bomb disposal in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . People gathered at the scene and many were casualties after a suicide bomber on a motorbike arrived at the restaurant minutes later and set off explosives , Malik told CNN . Muhammad Ejaz Khan , a senior police official in Peshawar , said about 10 kilograms of explosives were used in the second blast . The neighborhood is a residential area popular with single professionals and students . It features hotels and shops . Saif Ul Islam Saifi , president of the press club in Peshawar , said one journalist was killed and nine others were hurt . A provincial minister said two journalists died . There are several media offices in the area . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Peshawar and the surrounding region have been swamped by a wave of violence in recent months . Just a week ago , on June 5 , at least 19 people were killed and dozens wounded at a bakery in the town of Nowshera , about 26 miles  42 kilometers  east of Peshawar . That same day , three women and a child were among those killed in an explosion at a bus stand in Matni , 13 miles  22 kilometers  from Peshawar . On May 25 , a suicide bomber rammed a police station in Peshawar , killing at least seven police officers . Officials said about 660 pounds  300 kilograms  of explosives were packed into a minitruck . More than 60 militants attacked a security checkpoint near Peshawar on May 18 . Ten militants and at least two security personnel were killed in the ensuing gun battle . A roadside bomb was planted near the Peshawar home of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province 's agriculture minister on May 8 . It detonated as guests were leaving the minister 's house , injuring at least four people . A 12-year-old boy died in a suicide blast April 1 in a town about 34 miles  55 kilometers  southwest of Peshawar . On March 9 , at least 37 people were killed in a suicide attack on the funeral of the wife of a pro-government militia member . A suicide bomber detonated explosives during a funeral procession on the outskirts of Peshawar . Eight girls were injured on March 1 when militants on motorbikes threw grenades into a girls ' school in Mardan , nearly 25 miles  40 kilometers  north of Peshawar . More than two dozen militants wielding automatic weapons attacked NATO oil tankers on February 25 , at a terminal on the outskirts of Peshawar . Four people were killed and explosive devices were planted under a dozen tankers . On February 10 , a teenage suicide bomber killed at least 27 army recruits in Mardan . The suicide bomber was about 14 and was wearing a school uniform when he detonated his explosives in a military training center . A powerful car bomb rocked a neighborhood on the outskirts of Peshawar on February 2 . At least nine people were killed and 21 injured . Police were the target of a double attack in Peshawar on January 31 . A bomber walked in front of a marked police van and blew himself up , killing at least four . Another police officer was killed by a bomb while on patrol hours later . A remote-controlled bomb exploded near a school in Peshawar on January 19 . At least two people were killed and 10 wounded . Another school bus was hit by a remote-controlled bomb on the outskirts of Peshawar on January 12 . The bus was carrying female teachers and students . Two teachers were killed and seven students wounded . Journalist Lehaz Ali contributed to this report .	NEW : Peshawar and the region have experienced a wave of violence Suicide bomber set off explosives after first blast One of the explosions occurred in a restaurant restroom The blasts went off within minutes of each other , officials say
CNN  -- Yet another reason for fans of "  The Voice " to get "  Happy . " NBC tweeted confirmation on Monday that Pharrell Williams will be joining the show as a coach for Season 7 of the reality singing competition . "  Okay , we can OFFICIALLY say it ! WE ARE SO #HAPPY to announce PHARRELL WILLIAMS = #NewVoiceCoach for SEASON 7 , " the tweet read . That 's music to the ears of many fans who have been clamoring for Williams to be involved with the show . In 2013 , one of the show 's coaches , Usher , brought Williams in as a guest mentor for his team and the "  Happy " singer brought it . So much so that it prompted the New York Magazine 's Vulture column to headline one of their recaps "  Pharrell should be a coach . " "  It 's been a huge year for Pharrell , with recognition for his contribution in the world of music -- the Despicable Me franchise soundtracks , his Oscar-nominated song ` Happy ' and his Grammy-winning collaboration with Daft Punk on the breakout dance hit ` Get Lucky . ' His dominance in record sales in 2014 , coupled with his incomparable accomplishments in the world of fashion and design , make him an irresistible addition to The Voice family , " said Paul Telegdy of NBC Entertainment . "  He has already made a considerable impact as a mentor , drawing on an impressive track record as both a producer and performer . It is a perfect fit for ` The Voice ' as we evolve and reach for new heights with this franchise . It feels like we are welcoming an existing family member home . " On Monday Williams retweeted the NBC tweet adding : "  This is going to be so fun . "	NBC tweeted Williams is joining the hit show He has previously served as a guest mentor Pharrell tweeted "  This is going to be fun "
CNN  How would you describe America in five words ? That 's what Aja Barber wanted to know last week as she was reflecting on how it feels to be a black person in America . She tweeted the question on Friday : "  How would you sum up #AmericaInFiveWords ? " She targeted black Twitter by posing the question to influential writers and activists Baratunde Thurston and Feminista Jones . They responded , sharing the conversation with their hundreds of thousands of followers , and the hashtag took off . By Monday night , the hashtag had been used more than 99,000 times as people of all racial backgrounds and political persuasions weighed in , steering the conversation in various directions . Some challenged the sentiments related to racial inequality and oppression , with conservative columnist Michelle Malkin among the first chime in . Barber said she started the hashtag because she feels unsafe as a black person in the United States . She wanted to encourage others to share how it feels to be a person of color right now in America -- and , she wanted others to listen . To her , the wide range of responses to #AmericaInFiveWords , especially on the conservative side , is further proof of the country 's racial divide . "  I feel like right now there 's two Americas . Some of America thinks that everything is fine and the other thinks that it 's not , " she said in a phone interview Monday . "  I think it says something about the state of our country that when minorities speak their mind and from their heart they come under attack . " Along with race relations , guns , police and war were common themes : Our obsession with fast food and portion sizes was also a popular trope : Fortunately , amid the negativity and cynicism , expressions of pride and hope could be found -- along with what some might call opportunities for improvement : How would you describe America in five words ? Tweet at @CNNLiving using the hashtag #AmericaInFiveWords .	Aja Barber asked on Twitter last week : "  How would you sum up #AmericaInFiveWords ? " #AmericaInFiveWords has been used more than 99,000 times Race relations , guns and fast food among common themes
Washington  CNN  -- Just nine months into his tenure as Secretary of State , John Kerry successfully delivered an interim deal with Iran on its nuclear program . It is the most significant level of cooperation between the United States and the Iranians in decades and it could impact the remainder of his tenure . While the deal that also includes other world powers has been panned by Israel -- one of the biggest U.S. allies in the region -- and some members of Congress , Kerry has praised it as a good first step . "  We believe very strongly that because the Iranian nuclear program is actually set backwards and is actually locked into place in critical places , that that is better for Israel than if you were just continuing to go down the road and they rush towards a nuclear weapon , " Kerry said in an interview that aired Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Related : Iran reaches nuclear deal with world leaders - now what ? The leg work On Iran , Kerry did not have to start from zero . A series of events helped to shape the outcome . Talks with Iran hit a high point in 2009 when it and the United States reached a tentative agreement for Tehran to export three quarters of its nuclear stockpile . But the Iranians walked away , according to Robert Einhorn , a former State Department official involved in Iran negotiations . Stalled talks led to strict sanctions that economically hurt Iran . And in June , Hassan Rouhani , who is considered a pragmatist , won the Iranian presidency . Related : President Barack Obama 's legacy moment on Iran A senior administration official confirmed that since the election , U.S. and Iranian officials have been holding private , previously secret discussions to generate ideas for the wider nuclear negotiations . The d  tente climaxed in a telephone conversation between President Barack Obama and Rouhani in September during the United Nations General Assembly - the highest contact between leaders of the two countries since the Islamic revolution that led to the Iranian hostage crisis in 1979 . After that phone call , President Barack Obama ordered Kerry to restart talks . But Kerry 's involvement in the negotiations quietly began even before he was named Secretary of State at the beginning of this year . While chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , he became a player in the stalled -- and secret -- negotiations . The White House realized that the government of Oman could play a critical role in talks with Iran . So Kerry made an unannounced trip to Oman to talk to Omani officials about Iran to see if they were interested in helping facilitate a dialogue between the U.S. and Iran . The resume Kerry 's career is steeped in foreign policy . As a decorated Vietnam veteran , he protested the war and testified before the Senate Foreign Relations committee about it . He later chaired the panel during his nearly three-decade Senate career . Kerry immersed himself in details of world affairs , including Iran and its nuclear program . He served on the committee when President George W. Bush refused to negotiate with the Iranians in 2003 and in 2010 , when Congress and the Obama administration ramped up economic sanctions . In succeeding Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State , Kerry hit the ground running . Related : One agreement , wildly different reactions He has already logged more than 200,000 miles , rivaling Clinton , who was the most-traveled Secretary of State . "  In general , Kerry is more of an activist in terms of negotiations , " Einhorn said . Related : Meet the American ` badass ' leading negotiations with Iran Accomplishments Kerry 's enthusiastic attitude toward negotiations has yielded significant success . When Obama was on the verge of a military strike against Syria , Kerry spearheaded the U.S. side of negotiations involving Russia to turn Bashar al-Assad 's chemical weapons over to international control . The Syria and Iranian agreements in the volatile Mideast are notable . "  I think Kerry came in determined to pursue diplomacy , " Einhorn said . A sign of the future ? Still , the accord with Iran is only an interim deal to last six months . The real work begins now on a broader , long term agreement . That 's going to be a real test for Kerry and the Obama administration . "  We 're in the first stage of a long and difficult road , " said Suzenne Maloney , senior fellow , at the Brookings Institution . As for the rest of the region , Michele Dunne , senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said the Iran issue is a silo and not connected to other issues in the region , especially the Israeli-Palestinian talks . Related : Deal may define Barack Obama 's legacy , for better of worse Kerry came into office determined to make progress on the Mideast Peace Process . While Israel is fuming about the Iran deal , calling it a "  historic mistake , " Dunne said "  the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations already were not moving forward . " If Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu uses the Iran deal as a reason to not engage in peace talks , Dunne said it would make little difference because the talks "  were not that meaningful in the first place . " While he 's had some success , he still has a challenging road ahead . CNN 's Jim Sciutto and Conor Finnegan and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report	NEW : Kerry secretly involved in discussions before becoming Secretary of State Just nine months into his tenure , Kerry delivers interim Iran nuke deal on top of Syrian accord Kerry has long been at the center of foreign policy , including decades in the Senate While he has had some notable success , the road ahead is tough , especially on broader Mideast peace
CNN  -- "  People would say , ` Oh , what 's wrong with your golf , what 's going on with your golf ? ' and I thought , it 's not golf , it 's my head . It 's me . " When Lindsey Wright spoke after the opening round of the women 's golf season 's first major tournament on Thursday , it was n't just her impressive five-under-par 67 at the Kraft Nabisco Championship that people wanted to talk about . The Australian turned her back on golf last October , struggling with the isolation of life on the LPGA Tour and under the weight of a condition which was driving her to drink . "  People think , ` Depression , just get over it ' if you 're in a bad mood or whatever . It really impacts you physically , " the 32-year-old revealed . ` Pink Panther ' invests in golf 's future "  Playing on this tour , coming out and trying to play , grinding it out each week when you 're not sleeping and you ca n't concentrate or focus and the other symptoms with it , it just gets you down , and it 's a bit of a nightmare . " Wright 's battle was depression was at its fiercest during lonely nights on tour , when the only respite she could find was in the bottle . "  But I think the lowest is when you have insomnia and you 're waking up at 2 a.m. , " the four-time LPGA Tour winner said . "  There 's no relief from your mind , really , and I mean , the only time I really had any relief is if you had probably two bottles of red wine . "  It helps you sleep , but it 's not the way to combat it . That 's when I realized I 've got a problem here , and I 've got to deal with it because I 'm getting worse . " Wright 's condition was at its worse in 2009 , after she had just achieved the most impressive result of her career by coming second at the LPGA Championship -- one of four majors in the women 's season . "  I had a great season , " she said . "  I finished second to Anna Nordqvist at the LPGA Championship , and after that it was kind of on a downhill slope , slippery slope . "  It just kind of happened quickly . You have bouts , and without getting into the psychology and everything , it was n't a great time , and I just could n't really get through it . "  I rang home in September last year and said , ` I 'm done . I do n't want to play anymore . ' And my dad had said , ` You know what , that 's great if you want to do that , but you need to have something to fall back on . ' " So during her time away from the course , Wright set about taking her first steps on alternative career paths . "  I worked as a media person at the men 's New South Wales State Open , and then I worked with the tournament office at the men 's Australian Open and did some other things relating to media stuff and sport , " she said . "  It was really great . I did n't pick up a golf club from the last event I played , which is Taiwan , until January 2 . " Wright 's break from the sport seems to have worked wonders . She holed a 13-foot birdie putt to clinch the New Zealand Open last month , and after a solid first round she is on track to challenge for her first major title in California . "  If you had said to me before New Zealand , you 're going to win , I would have went , ` Oh , yeah , whatever , I 'm so unlucky . ' But having won that tournament has opened all these doors for me to play in Europe , which I really want to do . "  I 'm excited to do that . And I 'm really enjoying my golf , which it 's not a grind anymore . I 'm actually enjoying it , the good and the bad . " Wright was one shot off the lead held by South Korean Amy Yang , who carded a 66 . Taiwan 's five-time major winner Yani Tseng  68  was one stroke back from Wright , ahead of a clutch of players on three under including 2010 U.S. Open winner Paula Creamer .	Lindsey Wright makes strong start to Kraft Nabisco Championship , one shot off lead The Australian recently took time away from golf to battle with depression Wright says on some nights she drank two bottles of wine to help her sleep She won the New Zealand Open in February , a month after returning to the sport
CNN  -- From the time she was an 11-year-old , blue-eyed , freckle-faced blonde until she was a 29-year-old woman with two children , Jaycee Dugard was kept locked away in a backyard compound of sheds and tarps by a couple who police say abducted her . Jaycee Dugard was locked in a shed tucked under a blue tarp in her alleged captor 's backyard . She was more than 160 miles from home , and her family had no idea where she was . Nobody else knew she was there except the couple who snatched her off the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California , in 1991 , and took her straight to the soundproof shed , police said . Dugard 's pocket of Phillip and Nancy Garrido 's backyard in Antioch , California , was so overgrown no one even knew it existed . The details about Dugard 's time in captivity emerged Thursday after one of Northern California 's most enduring mysteries was solved and the Garridos were arrested and accused of her kidnapping . Anyone who came across the couple 's backyard , littered with garbage cans and a dishwasher , would assume that it ended at a 6-foot fence . Watch aerial images of the backyard compound " "  You could walk through the backyard and never know there was another set of living circumstances , " said Fred Kollar , undersheriff of El Dorado County . "  There was nothing that would cause you to question it . You ca n't see it from either adjoining property . It was presumably well arranged . " But tucked away beyond the tangle of bushes , high grass and trees was a blue tarp that concealed the only world Dugard had known since her abduction . Kollar said the property had "  a hidden backyard within a backyard . " It included several sheds no taller than 6 feet , two tents and several outbuildings , "  where Jaycee and the girls spent most of their lives . " It also held a vehicle that matched the description of the car used in Dugard 's kidnapping , Kollar said . The "  secondary " backyard was inside the first and was "  screened from view . " One of the sheds was soundproof , he said . In it were sheds and tarps , a makeshift bathroom and shower , along with electricity supplied by extension cords . Kollar compared the primitive conditions to camping . Dugard lived for several years there by herself . The sheds were locked from the outside . She grew up and had her captor 's children there , and raised them there . "  None of them have ever been to school , they 've never been to a doctor , " Kollar said . "  They were kept in complete isolation in this compound , if you will , at the rear of the house , " he said . "  They were born there . " The children , both girls , are now 15 and 11 . "  They are all in good health , " Kollar said in response to a question about how Dugard and her children are doing . "  But living in a backyard for the last 18 years does take its toll . " Dugard 's presence behind Garrido 's home apparently went unnoticed by many in the neighborhood , where homes on one-fourth to one-half-acre lots typically sell for less than $ 200,000 . Watch neighbors react " "  My dad said he never saw a young woman , " said Kathy Russo , whose father has lived two houses away from the Garridos for 33 years . She said the one-story house 's backyard was obscured by trees and ringed by a wooden fence . Her 94-year-old father considered Garrido to be a "  kind of strange , reclusive , kind of an angry kind of guy , " Russo said . But one man who lives in the neighborhood told CNN that he called the local sheriff 's department a few years ago after seeing what he thought were several children living in the backyard . The man said authorities came out and had a brief conversation with the Garrido family , but nothing ever happened .	NEW : Neighbor says he once called police after seeing children in backyard Jaycee Dugard locked in soundproof sheds in alleged captor 's backyard for 18 years Compound of sheds , tarps equipped with makeshift bathroom and shower Authorities : Dugard was "  kept in complete isolation in this compound "
CNN  -- Paul the psychic octopus may not have predicted a medal and a soccer jersey in his future , but he now owns both . The global phenomenon picked Spain to beat the Netherlands in the World Cup finals earlier this month . Nearly two weeks later , a Spanish delegation from the town of Carballino brought a gift basket Thursday for the cephalopod in his hometown of Oberhausen , Germany . The gifts included a bronze statue that is the symbol of the town of Carballino , which makes Paul an official " best friend of the town . " The delegation -- which included Carballino 's mayor Carlos Alberto Montes Marques and various businessmen -- also gave the tentacled one an official Spanish soccer jersey . Businessman Manuel Pazo was part of the delegation . Pazo has in the past expressed his intent to buy Paul as the town 's mascot . Carballino residents will celebrate Paul again on August 8th in the 43rd "  festival of the octopus . " Paul not only predicted Spain 's win over the Netherlands in the final , but also the team 's semifinal success against Germany . Before that , he correctly predicted all five of Germany 's earlier results , and picked Germany to beat Uruguay in the third-place playoff , ending the tournament with a remarkable eight-for-eight record . For each prediction , two mussel-filled acrylic boxes labeled with a team 's flag were lowered into Paul 's tank . Whichever box he chose conveyed the winning team . Sea Life staff , where Paul lives , have announced he is retiring from the predictions game , but previously said they were considering offers from around the globe . Spain has expressed an interest in Paul , and a Russian bookmaking company has offered to pay 100,000 euros  about $ 129,800  for the octopus .	A Spanish delegation brings a gift basket for the cephalopod Paul lives in Oberhausen , Germany Gifts include a bronze statue
CNN  -- It did n't surprise Reggie Landsberry that his brother was reportedly trying to stop a student with a handgun from shooting when he was killed . Math teacher Mike Landsberry was killed in the shooting at Sparks Middle School by a student who brought a semiautomatic weapon . The student also wounded two 12-year-old students . A witness told the Reno Gazette-Journal that Landsberry intervened at one point . Reggie Landsberry said that his brother , like their father a former Marine , probably was trying to talk the gunman out of shooting . "  That was the kind of person that Michael was , " Reggie Landsberry said . "  He was the kind of person that if somebody needed help he would be there . " Reggie Landsberry said it was something they learned from their father , who served in the military for 22 years . His brother loved teaching and coaching at Sparks Middle School , he said . "  He was just a good all-around individual , " Reggie Landsberry said . Mike Landsberry went to Afghanistan on several tours as a member of the Nevada Air National Guard , his brother said . Sparks Mayor Geno Martini said it was a "  devastating " loss . "  It 's very unfortunate that  the life of  someone like that , who protected our country over there and came back alive ... had to be taken at his work , at a school , " Martini said . Landsberry joined the Marine Corps in 1986 , attained the rank of corporal and served as a field wireman , Marine spokeswoman Maj. Shawn Haney said . On his school website , the teacher posted pictures of himself hiking in the wilderness and standing with a weapon beside an armored vehicle . "  One of my goals is to earn your respect while you earn mine , " he wrote in a message to students . "  I believe that with mutual respect that the classroom environment will run smoothly . " A Facebook memorial page posted in Landsberry 's honor had more than 2,000 likes by Monday evening . Friends , former students and others described him there as a great teacher and a hero . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy , Amanda Watts and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	His brother says the former Marine was someone who helped those in need Mike Landsberry was a math teacher at Sparks Middle School Sparks Mayor Geno Martini says the loss is "  devastating " In a Facebook memorial , posts describe him as a hero
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Look up at any presidential event and you 're likely to see them : men dressed in black , armed to the teeth , looking back . Countersniper teams "  will be familiar with every potential threat , " according to the Secret Service . It 's no secret ; they 're with the Secret Service . On Tuesday at the inauguration , members of the U.S. Secret Service 's elite countersniper unit will be out in force , taking roof-top positions along Pennsylvania Avenue and elsewhere as the presidential motorcade glides past throngs of people for the swearing in of Barack Obama . The Secret Service does n't mind you knowing they are up there . In fact , their mere presence at the inauguration has a deterrent effect , they say . But they are mum about many other details , including how many teams will be deployed , how long they work and about their custom firearms . Watch countersniper detail up-close " Unit commander Lt. Bernard Hall jokingly calls the weapon a JAR -- "  Just Another Rifle . " Since the unit formed in 1971 , the unit has never had to fire a JAR to safeguard a person they are assigned to protect . "  When you look at that parade on the day of the inauguration , every building that we will pass by ... has been surveyed , and that is done by the Countersniper Team , " said Secret Service director Mark Sullivan . "  They will be familiar with every building ; they will be familiar with every potential threat . " But the absence of gunfire -- a welcome absence in this line of work -- does n't mean they have never identified or mitigated a threat , Sullivan says . The teams typically consist of two people , both armed with high-powered rifles , either of whom can shoot to deter an imminent threat . If one countersniper spots a threat , that person prepares to shoot while the other member takes on the role of "  wind caller , " telling the shooter how to adjust his aim to counteract the wind . The wind caller takes cues from chimney smoke , flags or undulations from the atmosphere . At a firing range outside of Washington , the team demonstrates its skills in a variety of positions . Both men peer through high-powered binoculars looking for threats . "  Watch the threat area , " an instructor shouts . Thirty seconds pass before a target pops up down range . One of the countersnipers drops his binoculars and reaches for his weapon , shouting to his colleague . "  Left side . Left side , " the wind reader responds . The shooter fires one shot . "  Center ! In the middle , " the instructor reports . While the countersnipers can scan the crowds below , their focus is on looking for places where snipers might be concealed , team members say . All countersnipers go through nine weeks of intense training . Half of those who try out for the team fail . Fewer than 200 people have been assigned to the unit in its 30-plus year history , the service says . There are fewer than 100 countersnipers in the unit , a Secret Service spokesman says . This is n't a job for someone who ca n't handle extreme temperatures . The cold can be biting ; the heat , blistering . Hall said officers have tricks for keeping mental focus in inclement weather . "  When it 's hot , we 're probably thinking about the cold days in January . When it 's cold , we 're probably thinking about August , " he said . On Tuesday , in addition to the snipers , an estimated 8,000 police officers will be on duty , along with almost 1,000 FBI personnel , Transportation Security Administration screeners and others , including 10,000 National Guard troops . The Department of Homeland Security has said that another 20,000 members of the National Guard are being held in reserve . "  I think we are ready , " said Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff . "  I do n't anticipate anything disruptive . Part of my job is to hope for the best and plan for the worst . "	Countersniper teams to be out in force across Washington for Inauguration Day "  They will be familiar with every potential threat , " director says The Secret Service formed the elite unit in 1971 Homeland security chief says agency is prepared
Financial Times  -- China is poised to produce more cars than Europe in 2013 for the first time , hitting a landmark in the country 's rise in the automobile industry and underlining the difficulties for the European vehicle sector as it faces a challenging 12 months . China is in 2013 set to make 19.6 m cars and other light vehicles such as small trucks compared with 18.3 m in Europe , according to projections prepared for the Financial Times by five forecasting groups . The rise of China is even more striking considering the projections for Europe include not just the European Union but other nations such as Russia and Turkey . In 2012 , on the basis of motor industry estimates , Europe made 18.9 m cars and related vehicles , comfortably ahead of China 's tally of 17.8 m . The projections are based on data from the IHS , LMC Auto and PwC consultancies together with investment banks UBS and Credit Suisse . They paint a picture of only a slight recovery in 2013 for the world car industry , where output is expected to climb by a muted 2.2 per cent in the coming year , as against 4.9 per cent in 2012 . With global sales valued at about $ 1.3 tn a year , the car industry is one of the best bellwethers of world economic conditions . According to the data , Europe will in 2013 make just over a fifth of the world 's cars -- a figure that is well down on the 35 per cent it recorded in 2001 . In 1970 nearly one in every two cars made in the world originated from a factory in Europe -- which is generally recognised as the place where the global auto industry began with the unveiling of a rudimentary three-wheeler in 1885 by the German inventor Karl Benz . Car production in China in 2013 is likely to be 10 times higher than in 2000 -- when its share of global auto manufacturing was just 3.5 per cent as opposed to a likely 23.8 per cent in 2013 . Scott Corwin , an automotive expert at the Booz & Co consultancy , said that even with relatively strong growth projected in vehicle output and demand in both the US and China , "  these markets alone wo n't do much to pull -LSB- the whole world -RSB- forward " . Mr Corwin also cautioned that even with a continuation of the recent rise of the car industry in China , many vehicle markers doing business there "  are struggling to make much money " as a result of tough competition and the fact that the market is made up of large numbers of small cars , for which profit margins for manufacturers are small . Europe 's expected fall in production is in response to a steep decline in car sales throughout the continent since the 2008/09 financial crisis , with the problems causing severe difficulties at a number of large vehicle makers , notably France 's PSA Peugeot Citro "  n , which is cutting almost 10,000 jobs and is lining up a    7bn rescue package for its financing arm with the French government . Most car markers with strong positions in the European vehicle business are braced for a turbulent period ahead . Norbert Reithofer , chief executive of the German luxury carmaker BMW , said he expected conditions for selling cars in Europe would remain "  very challenging " in 2013 . H  kan Samuelsson , chief executive of Volvo Cars of Sweden , said : " -LSB- As for -RSB- the -LSB- European car -RSB- market , you can only pray . "  The Financial Times Limited 2013	China is poised to produce more cars than Europe in 2013 for the first time Will be a landmark in the country 's rise in the automobile industry Underlines difficulties for the European vehicle sector faces this year
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rory McIlroy lost his cool in the midst of a heatwave at the BMW PGA Championship as Luke Donald stepped up his challenge to usurp the 2011 U.S. Open champion at the top of the rankings . McIlroy , from Northern Ireland , struggled to a two-over-par round of 74 on the opening day at the Wentworth course while Donald , the defending champion , sits within striking distance of the leaders on four-under . Donald can regain the No. 1 spot with victory at the tournament and must finish in the top eight to have a chance of overtaking McIlroy . His six birdies helped him into a tie for eighth place . Scotland 's David Drysdale and Ireland 's Peter Lawrie lead on six-under after day one with England 's Justin Rose and Alavaro Quiros , from Spain , in a group of five players one shot back . Donald targets No. 1 spot after European Tour award McIlroy 's round included a run of four bogeys in five holes and at one stage he hurled a club to the floor in frustration after a poor shot . "  It 's a bit of deja vu from last year , " he told reporters . "  I kept getting off to good starts and sort of making a few bogeys around the turn and not getting any momentum back . "  Two under through seven , feel like I 'm playing well , then I make four bogeys in five holes . It 's pretty disappointing and I feel like I 'm playing pretty well , I just need to go out there and shoot a score . " McIlroy 's compatriot Graeme McDowell 's round turned sour shortly after he 'd walked off the 18th green as his ball was shown to have moved prior to hitting his second shot from the rough on the closing hole . The 2010 U.S. Open champion was unaware the ball had moved and he was penalised two strokes -- one for not replacing the ball into its original position and one for striking it from the wrong place . It turned his round of level par into a round of two-over . He told reporters : "  How are you supposed to attempt to place the ball when you 're not sure it 's moved in the first place ? It 's just a harsh one -- one of those freak scenarios in golf . "  It 's my fault . I probably should have called for a referee . That would have saved me one shot , but what are you supposed to do -- the whole area was sort of bouncing . "  I was aware of it and asked for it to be looked at . The rules are there for everybody 's protection . " Three-time major champion Ernie Els , from South Africa , is on four-under and compatriot Charl Schwartzel , the 2011 Masters champion , finished on three-under . Former world No. 1 Lee Westwood , who was beaten by Donald in a playoff at last year 's tournament , birdied the last to finish two-under .	World No. 1 Rory McIlroy toils on the opening day of the BMW PGA Championship Northern Irishman hurls club at one stage as he cards a round of two-over-par Luke Donald can usurp McIlroy 's top ranking this week and he sits on four-under David Drysdale and Peter Lawrie lead after the first day on six-under
CNN  -- I ca n't fully understand why a bigoted rancher in Nevada warrants as much media coverage as $ " or more coverage than $ " a presidential trip to Asia , the delay of a major job-creating infrastructure project or the ongoing crisis in Ukraine . But apparently it does . And like nearly all stories that involve race and politics , the media has covered rancher Cliven Bundy in a way that makes an honest conversation about race in America even more difficult . Take , for instance , a conversation CNN anchor Carol Costello had with my colleague , Republican National Committee Communications Director Sean Spicer , on Friday morning . Somehow Costello made the illogical conclusion that a racist rancher 's rant has implications for the Republican National Committee 's minority engagement efforts . Republicans "  do n't really invite minorities in , " she insisted without evidence . Spicer explained that the RNC is working to help the entire party listen and connect with the black community and with Americans of all backgrounds . He noted that not only is the RNC building long-term relationships and a permanent presence in black communities , but also that the RNC has hired a number of black staff members , both those focused on engaging with the black community and those who are not . That was n't good enough for Costello . She did n't believe the RNC actually hired black staff members , especially senior level staff . So she demanded that Spicer name names of black people working at the Republican National Committee . She wanted a list of black staffers . That crosses a line . Is Costello hosting a news program or a dog and pony show ? Carol Costello : GOP 's problem wooing African-American voters As a senior-level staff member at the RNC who happens to be black , my job is to help the committee by developing communications and media strategy . My job is not to be put on display every time a news anchor wants to determine whether a political organization has the right number of people of color . How does that advance the discourse on race and politics in America ? That would be pandering . It 's wrong . Costello , and others in the media who do the same thing , are perpetuating a double standard . When black Republicans appear in the media , they suggest that Republicans are just checking a box by putting a black person on screen . When we do n't put ourselves on display , they assume we do n't exist . That 's pretty revealing of their personal biases . That 's also a dangerous double standard . Which brings us to the even bigger issue at hand . When someone who is n't even a Republican elected official or candidate says something disgusting and offensive , the media goes into overdrive to discuss how this is terrible for the Republican Party . But when Democrat elected officials , including a sitting governor and sitting vice president , say something racist or offensive , you do n't hear a peep . They get a free pass . The latest example comes from President Obama 's home state . Last week , the campaign of Democrat Gov. Pat Quinn promoted an article on Twitter that labeled black Republicans as race traitors and said they were akin to Jewish Nazi sympathizers . Yes , a sitting Democrat governor 's campaign was publicizing racist material . If you did n't hear about it , that proves my point . It was abhorrent , but national coverage was almost nonexistent until CNN.com finally posted an article late Thursday . But did the media demand Democrats apologize and ask the Democratic National Committee for comment ? Did they consider asking DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz , a prominent Jewish leader , to denounce the governor ? Absolutely not . It was reminiscent of their ambivalent coverage when Vice President Joe Biden , during the 2012 campaign , told a group of black voters that his political opponents would "  put y' all back in chains . " That was disgusting rhetoric , but the vice president is a Democrat , so it was n't breaking news . It was just Joe being Joe , as his fans in the media like to say . Again , it 's a double standard . Racist language has no place in our political discourse . It 's unacceptable whenever and wherever it 's used . And yes , journalists , that includes the Democratic Party . Americans are n't hearing the full story when you 're only covering one side of it . If we 're going to defeat the racism that persists in America , we have to have intelligent conversations about it . The media should neither elevate it nor reduce it to some petty partisan game . But more often than not , media outlets are failing to meet that standard . That was the case on Friday . Let 's hope next time it 's different . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Tara Wall says CNN and the media have been unfair in its criticism of GOP and race Republican National Committee , she says , has stepped up outreach to the black community Wall : The media practices a double standard by not going after Democrats who have issues with race
CNN  -- Disneyland employees are paid to serve up magic and memories -- but not like this . A 22-year-old who works at the venerable Southern California theme park was arrested late Tuesday , hours after a small explosion in Mickey 's Toontown section . The blast did not hurt anyone , but it did rattle nerves and prompt the evacuation of that part of the park for a few hours . Anaheim police on Wednesday identified the suspect in the explosion as Christian Barnes , a Long Beach resident and an outdoor vendor at Disneyland . Booked on suspicion of possessing a destructive device , Barnes is being held on $ 1 million bail . "  Barnes is cooperating with investigators and has indicated this is an isolated incident with unanticipated impacts , " police said in a press release . It all stems from an incident around 5:30 p.m.  8:30 p.m. ET  Tuesday , when people heard "  a small bang " coming from a trash can in Toontown . "  Just a big boom and the trash can exploding ... the lid coming up ... people were at a standstill , " Vanessa Vasquez told CNN affiliate KCBS . "  It was kind of a little scary when I saw the whole area  look like a  ghost town . " Others said the sound is a rarity in the area . "  It was very tense at the moment it happened because you do n't expect to hear that sound at Toontown , " said Allen Wolf , another Disney visitor . Sgt. Bob Dunn , from the Anaheim police , explained the noise came from a plastic bottle with dry ice that exploded . On its official Twitter account , Disneyland stated it caused "  no injuries and no reported damage . " People were cleared from Toontown for about two hours as authorities investigated , though the rest of Disneyland remained open . Disney World vows action after report of wealthy hiring disabled to skip lines To Disney or not to Disney ? Boy pulled from Disney resort pool dies CNN 's Tina Burnside , Alta Spells and Henry Hank contributed to this report .	NEW Christian Barnes , 22 , was ordered held on $ 1 million bail , police say NEW : At outdoor vendor at Disneyland , he calls the blast "  isolated , " add police The explosion in a trash can in the park came from dry ice in a plastic bottle There were no injuries or damage , but the park 's Toontown was evacuated
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A sealed envelope awaits in Rissi Palmer 's Bible . Country singer Rissi Palmer performs for students in an after-school program at Atlanta 's Parkside Elementary . It 's her Grammy acceptance speech , the one she wrote as a 12-year-old . She vowed not to open it until she could read it from the stage accepting her award . Sixteen years later , the time may be nearer when Palmer can open the envelope . The road has been a long one , starting with her standing on a milk crate as a child so she could sing solos in the church choir . But these days , she is an up-and-comer in country music -- and a rare African-American performer in the genre . Palmer acknowledged this week to students in Atlanta that some people had told her she could n't sing country because she was African-American . But she said , "  When you tell me I ca n't do something , it just makes me want to do it more . " Palmer told CNN that no one in the music industry had discouraged her based on race but that people who loved her were concerned country stardom might be a tough goal . She said she does n't believe her story is different from any other musician 's : "  The music industry is just hard . " Palmer told students at Parkside Elementary School that she grew up listening to all kinds of music , including country . "  My mother was a big country music fan , " she recalled . The family also listened to R&B and classic soul , such as Sam Cooke , she said . "  I loved the way the country artists wrote songs , " Palmer told about 50 students , most of them minorities , in an after-school program at Parkside . She liked the way that country songs told stories : "  I always liked telling stories . " "  Country Girl , " the first single off Palmer 's self-titled 2007 debut album , made her the first African-American female in 20 years to hit Billboard 's country chart , according to Country Music Television . Country music is home to a smattering of well-known African-American artists . Charley Pride is by far the most visible , but other artists have dabbled in country as well -- the Supremes , for instance , and Ray Charles . More recently , Darius Rucker , longtime lead singer for Hootie and the Blowfish , hit the top of the country charts as well . African-Americans always have been in the country music industry , said John Rumble , senior historian for the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville , Tennessee . However , it 's rare for an artist -- of any race -- to reach the level of stardom attained by Pride , who had 67 records on the country chart between 1966 and 1990 , more than 20 of them in the Top 10 . "  Some people at the time , and since , called him the Jackie Robinson of country music , but nobody who followed him has yet reached that level , " Rumble said . " ... He 's almost an impossible standard to match . " However , given Rucker 's recent success , he is showing "  superstar potential " in the country industry , Rumble added . Palmer lost her mother at an early age but has said her parent 's love for country music stayed with her . Still , she said she doubted she could break into the genre . "  When you 're a child , you react to something that 's familiar and looks like you , " she told CMT in 2007 . "  And there was nobody -LSB- in country music -RSB- who looked like me . Just being a kid , you do n't see black country singers . So you do n't think that 's a possibility for you . You see black pop singers . You see black R&B singers . You see black rockers . So you say , ` If I 'm black and I want to sing , then I probably have to sing R&B . ' " Rumble echoed Palmer 's comments about the music industry being tough on new artists . More than ever , "  it takes a lot of money to put an artist out there on promotional tours , " creating videos and the like , he said . Rumble said many African-American artists probably gravitate to other genres . And , for artists of any race , "  once you 're in the door ... it 's still a matter of catching on . " "  There are a certain number of people who are just not used to seeing a black person on CMT or GAC -LSB- Great American Country -RSB- , " he said . "  It just does n't compute , for whatever reason . " Palmer 's family moved to St. Louis , Missouri , when she was 13 , according to her Web site . She took part in talent pageants there and joined an entertainment troupe . "  That is where a lot of my country influences started to come out , " she said in the online biography . "  At the audition we were instructed to pick an artist that we admired and perform some of their songs . I chose LeAnn Rimes and Shania Twain . I was not the one they expected to walk out and sing ` Any Man of Mine ' at those state fair shows , but they always liked it . " She participated on the CBS show "  Star Search , " reaching the finals , and credits judge Naomi Judd 's manager with introducing her to the creators of "  Waiting in the Wings , " a CMT documentary about African-Americans in country music , according to her Web site . She was also featured on CMT 's "  Most Wanted Live . " Her music reached Terry Johnson , president and CEO of 1720 Entertainment , who offered her a record deal . "  You guys are at an age where all the possibilities are open to you , " she told the Atlanta students this week . "  Anything you want to do , you can do it . " However , she cautioned them that being a singer is not always fun , even though she loves it . "  The best advice I can give you is that this is a job that I do , " she said . " ... You have to take it very seriously . " She fielded questions with a sense of humor , telling them some of her favorite songs  one is Bonnie Raitt 's "  Nick of Time "  and her favorite instrument -- a guitar  "  Have you ever tried to push a piano around with you ? " she asked  . She told the children that once they start dating , they will find plenty of material -- good and bad -- to write songs about . She said afterward she enjoyed talking with children and likely would have been a teacher if she had not pursued a music career . Palmer appeared as part of the Arts in Schools program at the Atlanta-based Threshing Floor Academy of Arts and Sciences Inc. . The organization was founded in 2008 by Meisha Card , a former special education teacher . For her part , Palmer has said she hopes that one day , the discussion centers on her music rather than her ethnicity . "  I 'm looking forward to the day when the only thing that 's being discussed is the album -- the actual music -- as opposed to my race , " she told CMT . "  I understand it is something rare , and it is something different , and it is something that 's not happening every day . I get that . But if my career 's as successful as I hope it will be , we 're going to reach a lot more firsts . "	Singer Rissi Palmer has had a Grammy acceptance speech ready since she was 12 Song off debut album made her the first black female to hit country charts in 20 years Palmer says her mother always loved country music and she likes telling stories Performer tells Atlanta students : "  Anything you want to do , you can do it "
Washington  CNN  -- As many as 2,000 additional troops -- including a number of U.S. forces -- may be headed to Afghanistan in the coming weeks under a plan backed by Gen. David Petraeus , CNN has learned . Petraeus has not commented publicly on the need for more troops , but a U.S. defense official and a senior NATO official directly familiar with his thinking and the entire matter have confirmed details to CNN . The proposal for more troops has been briefed to NATO officials behind closed doors . According to the NATO source , it calls for an additional 2,000 troops including at least 750 personnel to serve as trainers for Afghan forces . The trainers specifically would work to teach Afghan units how to support their operations in the field . The balance of the forces would work largely to counter the still significant threat posed by improvised explosive devices  IEDs  . Another NATO official tells CNN "  it 's highly likely " many of the additional forces will be U.S. troops . Some NATO member countries are politically ambivalent about the war , he noted . And practically , it is only U.S. forces that have the most advanced equipment to counter roadside bombs In May , Defense Secretary Robert Gates sent 850 U.S. military trainers on a temporary deployment when European countries could not pledge enough of their own forces . This latest need for 2,000 forces goes beyond that to include counter-IED forces , although some small number of the at least 750 additional trainers could replace those already there . No final decisions have been made on any additional U.S. troops . NATO military authorities are scheduled to meet in the coming days to try to get specific troop commitments from member nations . The goal is to get the matter resolved before a November NATO summit in which U.S. and NATO military commanders are expected to discuss progress in the war . It is not clear whether the new effort will bring the troop levels above the 30,000 additional U.S. forces authorized by President Barack Obama earlier this year , as it will depend on how many troops the NATO countries contribute and the potential re-assignment of existing forces . The president also authorized the Pentagon at the time to deploy 3,000 forces , but more than half of those 3,000 have already been earmarked . NATO sources emphasize they believe the bulk of the additional 2,000 will likely have to come from the US . The potential for yet another troop increase , even a relatively small one , is already being defended by NATO . The senior official told CNN "  this relatively small uplift -- less than 2 percent of the 150,000 in theatre from the coalition -- reflects the direction of the campaign : training the Afghan security forces to prepare for transition , as well as protecting our forces . " A U.S. military official also confirms that in recent weeks the discussion of the "  withdrawal " of forces from certain areas of Afghanistan beginning in July 2011 has taken a bit of a twist . The official said the withdrawal in some areas will signify that those areas may be turned over to Afghan control , but that may not mean troops will come home . The latest options call for taking those troops not needed and sending them to other areas where security is still poor .	Sources say new troops would include more trainers for Afghan forces NATO official : "  It 's highly likely " many of the additional forces would be U.S. troops NATO authorities will meet soon to get specific commitments from member nations
CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder called the leaks about U.S. surveillance programs "  extremely damaging " and vowed that the person responsible would be held accountable . Appearing at a U.S.-European Union ministerial meeting Friday in Dublin , Ireland , Holder was asked by a reporter why the United States has n't requested the arrest of Edward Snowden , the self-avowed National Security Agency leaker . He is believed to be in Hong Kong , and authorities are trying to keep track of his whereabouts . Singapore Airlines has received an alert from the British Home Office urging it not to let Snowden board a flight to the United Kingdom , a representative for the airline in London said Friday . In his remarks , Holder did n't mention Snowden 's name and said the case remains under investigation . Snowden provided documents to journalists revealing the existence of secret programs to collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and the Internet activity of overseas residents . "  The national security of the United States has been damaged as a result those leaks . The safety of the American people and the safety of people who reside in allied nations have been put at risk as a result of these leaks , " Holder said . "  We are presently in the process of that investigation , and I 'm confident the person who is responsible will be held accountable . " A glance at opinions about the NSA leaker The leaks have spurred great concern in Europe . EU officials in Dublin raised questions , and German Chancellor Angela Merkel told CNN in an interview that European officials are particularly concerned about the PRISM program -- the secret set of tools used to collect data about overseas Internet communications . The NSA and FBI have obtained massive numbers of U.S. phone logs through a court order . Merkel intends to discuss the PRISM surveillance program with President Obama , she told CNN in Berlin on Friday . She wants the greatest possible transparency on all these issues , she said . The European Union has "  serious concerns " about the reported large-scale surveillance of online data by U.S. authorities , European Commission Vice President Viviane Reding said . Holder discussed the leak about Verizon turning over details of phone calls . The Obama administration invoked the Patriot Act 's Section 215 -- as well as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act -- as the basis for a secret court order demanding Verizon records that show originating and terminating phone numbers , their location , time and duration . That information , called telephony metadata , requires a court order . Holder explained that the surveillance programs are overseen by courts , strictly monitored and focused on wrongdoing such as terrorism . He said the program does not allow the government to listen in on anyone 's phone calls and the information required does n't include "  the content of any communication or the identity of any subscriber . " "  The court only allows that data to be queried when there is a reasonable suspicion based on specific facts that the particular basis for the query is associated with a foreign terrorist organization , " he said . "  Only special cleared counter-terrorism personnel who are specifically trained in the court-approved procedures may even access those records . All information that is required under this order is subject to strict restrictions on handling and is overseen by the Department of Justice and the FISA court . And only a very small fraction of the records are ever reviewed because the vast majority of the data is not responsive to any terrorism-related query that might be posed , " he said . Holder was referring to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . As for PRISM , he said the program "  facilitates the targeted acquisition of foreign intelligence information concerning foreign targets located outside the United States under again court oversight . " He stressed that the program is subject to extensive "  internal and external " oversight . "  The government can not target anyone under the court-approved procedures for this program unless there is an appropriate and documented foreign intelligence purpose for the acquisition , such as for the prevention of terrorism , hostile cyber activities or nuclear proliferation , " he said . "  The foreign target is reasonably believed to be outside the United States . We can not target even foreign persons overseas without a valid foreign intelligence purpose . " Intercepted data called critical in terror investigations Snowden went public about NSA surveillance programs Sunday in an interview with the British newspaper The Guardian . As an employee of Booz Allen Hamilton , a contractor for the U.S. electronic intelligence agency , he had been working at an NSA facility in Hawaii and had worked for the CIA in the past . He provided fresh fuel Wednesday for the controversy he has sparked , telling a Hong Kong newspaper that U.S. intelligence agents have been hacking networks around the world for years , including hundreds of computers in China . China quiet about Snowden As for Snowden 's whereabouts , the Singapore Airlines representative has not seen the alert and could not offer any other details . The British Home Office declined earlier to comment on reports that it was asking airlines not to let Snowden board flights to the UK . British Airways also declined to comment . China has remained tight-lipped about its stance on Snowden , who is believed to be holed up in a safe house somewhere in the semiautonomous territory of Hong Kong . In an interview with the South China Morning Post , he also said he planned to stay in Hong Kong to fight any attempt to force him to return to the United States because he has "  faith in Hong Kong 's rule of law . " His comments come as the FBI is investigating his case . Chinese Internet users call on government to ` protect ' Snowden His presence in the southern Chinese territory , which has a separate system of government from the mainland , has raised questions about how an effort by the U.S. government to extradite him would unfold and what role Beijing might play in the process . "  We have no information to offer at the moment , " a spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , Hua Chunying , said in response to a question about Snowden at a regular news briefing in Beijing on Thursday . She repeated the same answer to several follow-up questions . There are "  no signs or indications " that Snowden had accomplices or tried to sell secrets , a U.S. official said . Investigators think the leaker is still in Hong Kong and have a general sense of where he is in that Asian metropolis . Snowden 's case has become a hot issue in that coastal city , making local newspaper front pages , stirring legal debates and prompting plans for a rally in support of him over the weekend . Progressive group fundraises for NSA leaker 's legal defense The reaction in mainland China , on the other hand , has been muted . State-run media outlets have covered the case cautiously , appearing to try to avoid focusing too much attention on some of the sensitive issues his disclosures have raised , such as government surveillance of citizens . The Snowden story has also so far failed to make big waves among China 's tens of millions of highly active social media users . Some Chinese state media have taken the opportunity to highlight Snowden 's comments to the South China Morning Post alleging that the U.S. government has hacked Chinese targets . In recent years , the Global Times newspaper said in an editorial , "  the United States has always claimed itself to be a victim of Chinese hacking activities . Many speculate that it 's a coverup for hacking activities conducted by the U.S. government . Now , Snowden 's revelation proves that such activities have already been going on for a long time . " Among some 61,000 reported targets of the National Security Agency , Snowden told the Hong Kong newspaper , are hundreds of computers in China . U.S. officials have increasingly accused China of being the source of thousands of attacks on U.S. military and commercial networks . Beijing has denied such attacks . The South China Morning Post said it had seen documents provided by Snowden but was unable to verify their authenticity . The newspaper also said it was unable to independently verify allegations of U.S. hacking of networks in Hong Kong and mainland China since 2009 . Snowden told the paper that some of the targets included the Chinese University of Hong Kong , public officials and students . The documents also "  point to hacking activity by the NSA against mainland targets , " it reported . The claims came just days after Obama pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping to address cyberattacks emanating from China that Obama described as "  direct theft of United States property . " CNN 's Joe Sterling , Jethro Mullen , Bridget Fallon and Richard Quest contributed to this report .	NEW : Singapore Airlines : Britain requested that Snowden not be permitted to board flight to UK Holder said the leaks are under investigation Edward Snowden went public about the surveillance program Sunday German leader Angela Merkel says she aims to talk about PRISM program with Obama
