CNN  -- Since 2007 , Anderson Cooper has hosted "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a gala that honors the Top 10 CNN Heroes of the year . In preparation for this year 's show , CNN asked Cooper for his thoughts about the event and who he admires . CNN : Who is your personal hero ? Anderson Cooper : Growing up , I had someone who was sort of a mentor who was really a hero to me -- a man named Gordon Parks , who actually was quite famous . He was the first African-American photographer for Life magazine , first African-American to direct a major Hollywood picture  "  The Learning Tree " in 1969  . And he passed away just a few years ago , and he 's somebody who still to this day I think of often . CNN : Why do you think Gordon Parks was heroic ? Cooper : Gordon Parks was a guy who was born into nothing . ... There was no strong family . There was no one telling him how he should be and what steps he should take . You know , there 's that term , you pull yourself up from your own bootstraps ? Well , he built his own bootstraps . And he felt something inside of him that pushed him to pick up a camera . And to start taking pictures . And then to get himself to be the first African-American photographer at Life magazine . And to take some of the pictures he did , and what he told us in the story of his pictures ... he told stories that Life magazine was n't covering before . Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam . And gangs in Harlem . And Gordon could get access that other people could n't get . And yet what I found so heroic about him is that he had such a decent heart . And he was driven . But it was n't a drive purely about himself . It was n't a drive to make the most money . It was a drive to give back and a drive to sort of give voice to the feelings inside him , whether that was through photography or through poetry or through writing . He wrote best-selling books . Directed films  including "  Shaft " in 1971  . He was truly a Renaissance man . It 's always very interesting to me why some people have that inner drive and that push forward . And he certainly did . And there was no reason for him to have it . He could have had every excuse in the book for not accomplishing something with his life , but he lived many lives and he accomplished things in all of those lives . And I think that he was a true hero . CNN : Sounds like Gordon Parks had quite an impact on you . Cooper : I think he 's the person who probably put the spark in me about reporting and about getting out there and seeing the world . He took photographs in Brazil and in the favellas in Rio and wrote books about one of the young men he met there . There were just so many stories that he would tell . And he was such a cool character . He was so incredibly dashing . He was the coolest guy . Before I even knew what the word cool meant , I knew Gordon Parks was cool . CNN : This year will mark the fourth annual "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which has become a Thanksgiving tradition on CNN . What do you think about the show ? Cooper : I just find it so moving that we are able to bring people from around the world to one place and to tell their stories and give them the attention that they so desperately need and deserve . And to see the impact that the recognition has on their lives and on their work , it is a great night . I think it 's why we keep doing it . There is something very special about this project . And it 's a hard project , because it 's not about stories in the headlines . So it 's a hard thing to get people to pay attention to . But once they actually pay attention to it a little bit , read about it , watch the program -- you really see what an impact this has on people 's lives . And the stories are just so incredible . You can not meet some of these CNN Heroes and not be inspired and not , kind of , look at your own life and think : "  Well , what am I doing ? What am I really contributing ? And what more can I do ? " And there 's a lot more that all of us can do . Certainly myself included . I think I 've learned from the CNN Heroes I 've met so far , and I 'm looking forward to hearing the stories of the next group that we encounter . CNN : What do you think makes these stories , these people , so special ? Cooper : It 's the kind of thing that you see in movies and you see in television shows and read about in books . It just does n't seem real . But to know that there are people out there now , doing this ... who are giving up their lives in order to help others . And they are as surprised as anyone when they get the recognition . It should be that these people are recognized every day of the year . I 'm glad that we 're able to do it in the way we are . There 's an awful lot of recognition that these people truly deserve .	CNN 's Anderson Cooper pays tribute to photojournalist Gordon Parks Parks was the first African-American photographer for Life magazine He was also the first African-American to direct a major Hollywood picture Cooper says Parks was a "  cool character " who had a major influence on his career path
CNN  -- "  Joe Frazier is tied forever , almost by an umbilical chord , with Mohammad Ali because they obviously had a famous trilogy of fights , of which the first and the last were epic fights . " The words of respected boxing journalist Jeff Powell . Powell , a columnist for British newspaper The Mail has covered boxing all over the world and knew ` Smokin ' Joe ' -- who died on Monday aged 67 after a short battle with liver cancer -- both inside and outside the ring , having reported on his fights during the halcyon period of heavyweight boxing in the early 1970s . Speaking to CNN Sport following the announcement of Frazier 's death , Powell said : "  In the American consciousness Joe is seen as the man who defined Ali in many ways . "  The first fight was called ` The Fight of the Century ' and took place in Madison Square Garden in 1971 . Ali had called Frazier an ` Uncle Tom ' before the fight and it bought a racial dimension to it . "  When Frazier tore up the script and knocked down Ali , inflicting his first defeat , there were riots all over the country . " Powell added : "  Frazier was very much part of American folklore and respected around the world . He begrudged for many years the things Ali said about him , not only the ` Uncle Tom ' insult , but also calling him a ` gorilla ' before their epic ` Thrilla in Manila ' in 1975 . "  It took Joe a while to get over that -- but he was a nice guy and there is a strong sense of nostalgia about him passing , he is very much part of the fabric of American fight history . " The likes of Ali , Frazier , George Foreman and Ken Norton will go down in history as some of the greatest heavyweight boxers of all time and Powell concedes that when they were all at the top of their game in the 1970 's , the division was stronger than it has ever been . "  I think most people would probably put Joe in the top 10 heavyweights of all time , " continued Powell . "  He had a fantastic left hook with which he not only knocked Ali down but broke his jaw in the first fight . "  But that was a tremendous heavyweight generation . If you won the world title back then , you did so against very good fighters . Joe took the title off Jimmy Ellis , who was a good fighter and lost it to George Foreman -- who we all know about too . "  There have been other great generations . Mike Tyson reinvigorated the division in the late 1980s , Evander Holyfield was a huge player and Lennox Lewis was a superb champion as well . "  But at times like this you do look back with a sense of nostalgia and romance . Looking back it probably was n't too romantic , because it was a tough time , but that 's the mood in America at the moment . " Not only was Frazier a world class fighter , but Powell knew him as a kindly man , who sadly ended up in some poverty towards the end of his life . "  Joe was a much simpler , straight-forward character than Ali . He liked the social life and had 11 children but unfortunately he was let down in a land deal which would have made him financially comfortable for life . " Powell added : "  He was a little resentful towards the end of his struggles with money . He was the one who did n't make as much as Ali and Foreman , who were the only two men to beat him , and was somewhat overshadowed from the public perspective by his relationship with Ali . "  But he was a formidable fighter in his own right and will always be remembered as the first man to beat Ali . That has bookmarked his place in history . "	Joe Frazier will always be associated with his epic trilogy of fights against Mohammad Ali Respected boxing journalist Jeff Powell knew Frazier both inside and outside the boxing ring Powell believe Frazier will go down in history as one of the top 10 heavyweights of all time
CNN  -- Jakadrien Turner has arrived back in Texas , eight months after she was mistakenly deported to Colombia , the pilot and a flight attendant on a Dallas-bound flight told CNN . The 15-year-old girl was the last person off the plane Friday evening , according to CNN 's Jason Morris , who was on the flight . Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport police officers escorted her off the aircraft . Turner wound up being deported to Bogota , Colombia , in May 2011 after U.S. authorities last year mistook the girl , an apparent teenage runaway who lacked identification , for a Colombian national . The Colombian Institute for Family Welfare confirmed Thursday that Turner was then in its custody , is pregnant and entered the country as an adult . The institute said that Colombian authorities learned a month ago that this female may in fact be a 15-year-old American citizen , after which she was placed in a protection program there . She left Colombia at 10:30 a.m. Friday , according to U.S. State Department spokesman William Ostick , who noted that the U.S. Embassy in Bogota worked closely with Colombian officials as well as authorities in Texas to bring Turner 's case to a resolution . The girl who called herself Tika Cortez "  It 's a giant step . I 'm relieved , but I wo n't be completely relieved until I get her in my arms again , " the girl 's mother said . "  A weight has definitely been lifted . " Johnisa Turner has not yet talked with her daughter , who ran away from home in the fall of 2010 , but said she is relieved to know she is located . So , too , is the girl 's grandmother Lorene Turner , who said U.S. Embassy officials called with the news that her granddaughter would be turned over to U.S. officials . "  When I heard those words , I did n't hear nothing else . I flipped out . I ca n't wait , " she said . After the girl went missing , the family tracked her to Houston , where she worked at a music club under a different name . They tried to get help from authorities there , to no avail . They later learned she was in Colombia , partying and smoking marijuana , and a detective told them she was pregnant . Jakadrien 's family is still demanding to know why immigration authorities deported the teen -- a U.S. citizen with no knowledge of Spanish -- and why they simply took her at her word when she gave them a fake name . The family 's attorney , Ray Jackson , told CNN on Friday the family believes the girl 's civil rights were violated when authorities allowed her to be deported . He said that lawsuits against the agencies who dealt with her case are in the works , he said . "  Somewhere the ball was dropped , " Jackson said . The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency maintains she was arrested in Houston for theft and told them she was an adult from Colombia . The agency says authorities believed her story because she maintained her false identity throughout the process . They handed her over to an immigration judge , who ordered her removed from the country . "  At no time during these criminal proceedings was her identity determined to be false , " the agency says . It says criminal database searches and biometric verification revealed no information to invalidate her claims . Jackson says it does n't make sense , explaining that the immigration agency took her fingerprints but failed to match them to the name she gave . The agency says it is taking the allegations very seriously and is "  fully and immediately investigating the matter in order to expeditiously determine the facts of the case . " Pictures of the teen taken in Colombia showed her sitting on men 's laps smoking marijuana , her grandmother said . But she appeared to be reaching out for help , she said , listing on Facebook the names of everyone at parties , perhaps so she could be traced . Her family 's lawyer says he does n't believe that the girl was trying to fake her way out of the United States by adopting a false identity throughout the process . "  I do n't buy that she had the wherewithal to be able to bamboozle the government , " Jackson says . "  You know , kids are scared when they get around authorities . ... To think that you could bamboozle them to create a new identity , it just does n't make sense . " Colombia 's foreign ministry said Thursday it was investigating what sort of verification its consulate in Texas requested before giving the girl an expedited provisional passport as part of deportation proceedings , as well as how she got work authorization for training at a call center as part of the government 's "  Welcome Home " program . Attorneys with the program made a sworn declaration in front of a notary pointing to "  inexact information " that allowed her to receive work papers , the foreign ministry said . "  Those lawyers are no longer providing services to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , " the statement said . Ed Lavandera , Jorge Asdrubal Garcia Romero , Luis Carlos Velez , Jamie Crawford and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Jakadrien Turner , 15 , returned to Texas on a flight Friday evening She was the last person off the plane and was met by police U.S. authorities mistook the girl , who lacked identification , for a Colombian national
CNN  -- The apprentice became the master as the wheels stopped turning in the 100th Tour de France on a balmy Paris evening . The man they called "  super domestique " for his selfless service in helping Sir Bradley Wiggins to the 2012 crown is now top dog . Chris Froome won the world 's greatest cycling road race Sunday to become the second successive Briton to win the Tour . The 28-year-old , runner-up in 2012 , had pulled on the yellow jersey for the first time after the eighth stage of the 21-leg epic and from then on was never really challenged . Froome , who won three stages , finished four minutes and 20 seconds ahead of the field . Fellow climber Colombian Nairo Quintana -- a future prospect at just 23 years old -- finished as King of the Mountains and second overall . Spain 's Joaquim Rodriguez took the final place on the podium , finishing third ahead of Spanish stalwart Alberto Contador . For the second year running , Slovakian Peter Sagan claimed the green jersey . The 23-year-old led the sprint category for 38 out of the 41 days he has raced in the Tour . A twilight finale saw the peloton parade past some famous Parisian landmarks , including the royal palace of Versailles and the Louvre museum , before a 10-lap loop of the Champs-Elysees came down to an intense sprint that was won by German Marcel Kittel ahead of Andre Greipel and Mark Cavendish . Froome finished the day-night stage in 114th place but after the glitzy centennial celebrations fizzled out he stood alone , shaking his head in disbelief , under the Arc De Triomphe as the Tour champion . "  I 'd like to dedicate this win to my late mother who without her encouragement to follow my dream I 'd probably be watching this event on the television , " Froome said on the podium . "  To win the 100th edition is an honor beyond any dream . This is one yellow jersey that will stand the test of time . " Froome certainly learned valuable lessons supporting Wiggins in last year 's Tour but his raw talent was forged cycling in the rural highlands of Kenya , where he was born . Kenyan cycling champion David Kinjah was Froome 's first mentor -- long before Team Sky maestro Sir David Brailsford began to shape his career . "  He was just funny and happy , a white boy who accepted our village and ate our food , " Kinjah recalled on BBC radio station 5 live . "  He would want to complete each and every training ride and he would n't stop . If he decided he wanted to complete the whole 100km he would do exactly that . "  No matter how much pain or how many hours he went through he would keep riding to the end . " Brailsford has also credited Froome 's steely ambition to his battle with bilharzia -- a parasitic disease which he contracted during his childhood in Africa . Froome himself struggled to describe his feelings as he reflected on his route to success . "  For me , what this represents -- the journey I 've taken to get here from where I started , riding on a little mountain bike back on dirt roads in Kenya , " he told reporters in France . "  To be right here , the yellow jersey at the Tour de France , the biggest event on our cycling calendar ... it 's difficult for me to put into words . " The Tour may have finished in glory and glitter under Parisian lights but the world 's most famous cycle race is still ridden in the shadow of Lance Armstrong 's dubious legacy . The American was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles after admitting earlier this year to persistent use of banned substances during his halcyon days of domination . It was almost inevitable that some of Froome 's performances raised eyebrows during his ride to victory . In this year 's first mountain stage , the Briton won the energy-sapping 195-kilometer  121-mile  ride from Castres to Ax 3 Domaines 51 seconds ahead of his closest rival . There was another dominant performance from the 28-year-old as he conquered the gruelling Mont Ventoux -- at 150 miles the longest stage of the Tour -- just days later . Froome had to be given oxygen after his arduous efforts but his obvious fatigue did not stop questions being asked . In an attempt to end the finger-pointing surrounding Froome , Team Sky gave French newspaper L'Equipe data of 18 of his climbs since he made his major breakthrough in 2011 . The French newspaper 's sports science expert , Fred Grappe , was satisfied the results were consistent with doping-free riding . Commenting on the spectre of doping on broadcaster Eurosport 2 Froome said : "  On the back of the history of the sport and recent revelations whoever was wearing the yellow jersey was going to come under a lot of scrutiny . "  I hope I 've shown the sport has changed and we as the peloton wo n't stand for it any longer . " Wiggins , who pulled out of this year 's Tour because of a knee condition , told CNN that cycling 's troubled history is now most useful when it is used in a light and shade comparison to where the sport was -- and where it is heading . "  It 's had a tainted history but I think all that is a reminder of where the sport was and where it is now , " he said . "  And it 's in a great position . " And after emerging from shadows of his own , Froome will agree the future is bright .	Britain 's Chris Froome wins the 100th Tour de France with a final ride into Paris The Team Sky rider beat Colombian Nairo Quintana by four minutes 20 seconds overall Froome - second to Bradley Wiggins in 2012 - began his cycling career growing up in Africa In all 170 riders finished the 2013 Tour de France
CNN  -- Portugal will face Bosnia and Herzegovina for a place in Euro 2012 after the pair were drawn together in the playoffs to reach the finals in Poland and Ukraine next year . Portugal , coached by former international midfielder Paulo Bento , qualifed for the 2010 World Cup finals courtesy of a playoff success against Safet Susic 's Bosnia Herzegovina , and the Euro 2004 hosts and finalists will have to repeat the feat over two legs . Portugal will have home advantage for the second leg on November 15 , with the first leg set to take place on November 11 or 12 . Three other ties were drawn at the ceremony in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev , with Croatia set to face Turkey in a repeat of the Euro 2008 quarterfinal . Denmark seal Euro 2012 spot after beating Portugal Turkey , now coached by Dutchman Guus Hiddink , claimed a penalty shootout victory when the two sides met in Vienna four years ago before losing to Germany in the semifinals . Estonia will have to overcome Giovanni Trapattoni 's Republic of Ireland if they are to qualify for their first major soccer championship . Ireland will be making their sixth appearance in a major tournament playoff , having missed out on last year 's World Cup when a controversial William Gallas goal , after an apparent handball from Thierry Henry , condemned them to defeat against France . The final playoff pits Euro 1996 runners-up Czech Republic against Montenegro , who are bidding to reach their first tournament since gaining independence in 2006 . There are 12 teams already assured of their place in the competition , with co-hosts Poland and Ukraine being joined by reigning world and European champions Spain and 1988 winners Netherlands . The other eight teams who have already qualified are Germany , England , Italy , Russia , France , Greece , Denmark and Sweden . The draw for the group stage of the four-yearly tournament will be made on December 2 , ahead of the competition 's first match on June 8 2012 .	Portugal will face Bosnia Herzegovina for a place at Euro 2012 Croatia and Turkey also paired in Thursday 's playoff draw Republic of Ireland and Estonia to face each other Czech Republic go head-to-head with Montenegro
CNN  -- Rising from the desert like a space-age skyscraper , there is something equally awe-inspiring and unnerving about the five-star Meydan Hotel . At night , the sleek glass building glows green and purple , its distinctive crescent roof looming high above the manicured race track below . It 's an opulent and eerily futuristic setting befitting the richest horse race on the planet -- the Dubai World Cup , which kicks off this weekend . With more than $ 27 million in prize money on offer over the 11-day carnival , it 's little wonder the world 's greatest race horses , and their influential entourage , flock every year to the United Arab Emirates . But can the grand architectural statements and megabucks compete with the prestige of centuries-old races like the Kentucky and Epsom Derby ? The country 's ruler , Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , seems to think it can , and he 's willing to dig into his deep pockets to ensure Dubai is very much on the international horse racing map . "  Prestige has to do with the tradition and culture of the region , " said chief executive of the Dubai World Cup Frank Gabriel . "  We 're 17-years-old , so we 're still very young . " "  You can have a prestigious race , but you can also have the very best race horses in the world -- which is what we have . " Gulf 's sporting muscle Launched in 1996 , the Dubai World Cup is a relatively new player on the horse racing circuit , and carving out a name as an internationally renowned competition has taken huge investment . While the U.S. and Europe battle against austerity measures , the Gulf 's wealthy horse-mad sheikhs are pumping billions of dollars into boosting the region 's racing status . "  Throughout my career , Sheik Mohammed has been the most influential man in the horse racing world , " said American Dale Romans , who last year won the award for most outstanding trainer in the U.S. "  He breeds thoroughbreds , he buys them , he competes them -- he does everything . He has very deep pockets in the game and he 's willing to spread the wealth around . " It 's part of a larger campaign by the oil-rich Gulf to become a premier sporting destination -- and not just for horses . Qatar will be the first Arab state to host the FIFA World Cup in 2022 , while investors across the region continue to buy up European football teams . Among the big players are the Qatar Investment Authority , which owns France 's Paris Saint-Germain , and Kuwaiti businessman Fawaz Al Hasawi , who last year bought English club Nottingham Forest . Cutting-edge course Back on home turf in the UAE , the $ 1 billion Meydan Racecourse -- headquarters of the Dubai World Cup -- is the glittering crown in Sheik Mohammed 's racing empire . The grandstand alone is 1.6 kilometers long , while the site boasts a 285-room luxury hotel with roof-top pool , a marina , racing museum , and IMAX theatre . "  It 's over-the-top , it 's just gorgeous , everything about it is first class , " Romans said of the Meydan Hotel where he is staying before competing in Saturday 's race . "  It 's almost futuristic -- everything is brand new and spotless with shiny glass and metal . " The high-tech course , which champion Italian jockey Frankie Dettori famously described as "  like a spaceship from ` Star Wars , " is worlds apart from the classic southern charm of the Kentucky Derby 's Churchill Downs . "  You ca n't buy history , " said Romans , who won the Dubai Cup in 2005 . "  You do n't have that deep sense of tradition here that you have at the Kentucky Derby . " History of horses The Middle East 's racing circuit may still be forging a name for itself , but the region 's passion for horses is centuries old . The thoroughbred we know today dates back to three Arab horses brought to Britain around the turn of the 17th century . "  The horse is a very significant part of people 's lives here , " Gabriel said . "  People love the sport and they love the culture -- it 's about the beauty of the horse . " Eyes on the prize Dubai 's record prize money , field of world-class horses and impressive backdrop will ensure that the eyes of the world are watching this Saturday . "  When I won in 2005 it absolutely changed my career , " said Romans . "  I went home from Dubai on a different level -- people looked at me differently . " "  I had proved I could win on an international stage and I was given better horses to train . " And with $ 10 million up for grabs in the flagship race , there are still many things money can buy .	Dubai World Cup , world 's richest race , kicks off this weekend More than $ 27m on offer over 11-day carnival , financed by Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Can futuristic race course compete with prestige of historic derbys ? Part of Gulf campaign to raise international sporting status
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A mudslide triggered by torrential rains may have buried up to 800 villagers in southern Taiwan , media reports said Monday , as the country counted the cost of its worst flooding in decades . A girl is carried out from mudslide caused by Typhoon Morakot in southern Taiwan on Monday . The death toll so far in Taiwan stands at 15 , with 55 missing and 32 hurt , since Typhoon Morakot struck the island Friday and remained in the area over the weekend before crashing into eastern China , state-run China Daily reported . Rescuers using military helicopters managed to pluck more than 100 people to safety in the village of Hsiao Lin , as rains washed out roads and bridges in Kaohsiung County , severing all land vehicle traffic , Taiwan 's Central News Agency said . Locals estimated there were about 5,000-6 ,000 people in the mountainous village when the typhoon struck . Journalist Andrew Lee told CNN that it was difficult to know the exact number of people stranded or dead because "  SOS " reports were still filtering in , and damaged communication and power lines were being repaired . Watch more about the rescue effort " He cited one report coming in that said 30 bodies had been spotted floating on the water close to a bridge in the area . According to Lee , a number of other villages in the region had been washed away or buried by mudslides , with local government officials unable to determine the number of casualties . Meanwhile , government officials said 1.5 million homes across the island were without electricity , and 440,000 were without water . Watch as six-storey hotel topples over " The storm -- measuring about 1,600 kilometers  about 1,000 miles  across -- continued to pummel China 's populous east coast , but forecasters said it is unlikely that Morakot would reach Shanghai , the country 's largest city , which sits farther north along the coast . Chinese government officials expect the typhoon to cause more than 8.5 million yuan  $ 1.2 billion  in damages , the newspaper said . The storm made landfall in the coastal area of Beibi town , Xiapu county , in Fujian province , about 4:20 p.m. Sunday  4:20 a.m. Sunday ET  , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . Morakot 's winds were clocked at 118 kilometers per hour  73 mph  in its eye , according to the province 's meteorological bureau , as cited by Xinhua . Five houses were destroyed as the front of the typhoon brought flooding rains to Wenzhou city in neighboring Zhejiang province just after 8 a.m. Sunday , Xinhua said . Three adults and a 4-year-old boy were buried in debris about 8 a.m. Rescuers could not save the child , the city 's flood-control headquarters told the news agency . Watch a dog escape as house is swept away " A "  red alert " -- the highest degree in danger levels -- was issued in Zhejiang , where more than 35,000 vessels were called back from sea , China Daily reported , citing provincial flood control officials . More than 300 homes collapsed , and more than 16,000 hectares  39,500 acres  were flooded , Xinhua said . The city 's airport was closed and 56 roads were rendered impassable . As the eye of the storm reached Beibi , the sky turned completely dark , and people caught in rainstorms staggered as they used flashlights to see , Xinhua reported . Trees were uprooted and torn apart by damaging winds . Farmers tried to recapture large numbers of fish , flushed from mudflat fish farms by high winds , Xinhua said . Nearly 1 million people were evacuated from Fujian and Zhejiang provinces as Morakot approached . Late Friday , the storm lashed Taiwan , killing two people , wounding 15 and cutting power to about 650,000 households , according to Hong Kong 's Metro Radio . Meanwhile , another storm hit western Japan on Monday , with 13 people confirmed dead . Twenty others were missing , police said . Among the victims of Typhoon Etau was a 68-year-old woman who died when a landslide caused a hill to collapse on her home in Okayama prefecture , police said . In neighboring Hyogo prefecture , an 86-year-old woman was found dead in her flooded house and a 54-year-old man in his submerged car . Officials expect the number of victims to rise as torrential rains continue . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	Report : 600 villagers buried in mudslide in southern Taiwan Typhoon Morakot 's winds clocked at 118 kilometers per hour  73 mph  in its eye Nearly 1 million people evacuated from China 's Fujian and Zhejiang provinces Another typhoon hit west Japan on Monday , with 12 people confirmed dead
Dubai  CNN  -- In a Dubai cafÃ © , patrons sip camel-milk lattes , camel-ccinos and shakes made with camel milk . The newly opened Cafe2Go is one of the first to put camel milk on its menu and it seems to be passing the taste test with intrigued customers . "  I 'm surprised because I was thinking it was tasting really different from the normal milk , but ... it 's really nice , " said customer Nadia Rizk . "  I thought it would be weird when I tried it , but it 's just like everything else , " said another , Sal Hobbi . It is the latest sign of a boom in camel-milk products in the United Arab Emirates . A few years ago , Al-Nassma became the first company in the country to produce camel-milk chocolate . "  It tastes really nice , " said Martin Van Almsick , general manager of Al Nassma Chocolate . "  And the thing is , you do n't have to be an expert to notice . This is a great chocolate , everybody can tell . " Camel milk has been a staple for Bedouins for centuries , but it has never before been produced in scale or used commercially in this way . For Emiratis , it is a way of combining local pride with a healthy option . Camel milk is lower in fat and higher in Vitamin C than cow 's milk , according to scientists . "  In the milk are all the vitamins , all the minerals , fat , carbohydrates , that you need for daily life , " said Ulrich Wernery , scientific director of the Central Veterinary Research Laboratory . Also on Inside the Middle East : Saudi foodies ditch fast food for fine dining And it 's not just being used in coffee and chocolate . There 's also camel-milk cheese and "  Camelicious " -- bottled camel milk sold in supermarkets and sometimes flavored with date or chocolate . They are produced by "  Emirates Industry for Camel Milk and Products , " one of the world 's first large-scale camel milk farms , based in the desert outside Dubai . "  We are using the camel milk , and our grandfathers using the camel milk , for many years , " said Mutasher Al Badry , its manager . "  It is not new to us , and it was in our culture to have the milk , and the camel milk products as well , " he added . "  We are converting the culture to commercial . " The farm has thousands of camels , each producing around six liters of milk a day , but demand is so high they are struggling to keep up . Farm manager Peter Nagy says that to produce milk , it 's important to keep the animals happy . "  That 's the whole idea , that 's the whole concept , " he said . "  To keep animals quiet , happy . And then , they will produce milk for us . " See also : Dubai diners flock to eat new ` camel burger ' Both Emirates Industry for Camel Milk and Products and Al Nassma Chocolate receive funding from Dubai 's ruling sheikhs , who say they are motivated as much by the desire to promote a healthy product as by profit . In future , they hope , it will be on sale way beyond the shores of the United Arab Emirates . "  We are planning to be a global leader , and also we are planning to be a reference for the world in the camel industry , " said Al Badry .	Camel milk is used in lattes , milkshakes , chocolate and cheese in Dubai Bedouins have drunk camel milk for centuries , but commercial production is new "  Camelicious " bottled milk is produced at a huge farm on the outskirts of Dubai
Reader 's Digest seems to be on life support , filing for bankruptcy protection this week for the second time in four years . But at one time , what 's now seen as grandma 's magazine was an influential and powerful force in politics and culture . When I began my book on the Reader 's Digest , people were incredulous . "  But no one takes that seriously , " they 'd say . "  People only read it when they 're waiting to see the dentist . " Yet , those who dismiss the magazine as trivial underestimate the Digest 's impact on millions of Americans ' view of the world . From its humble beginnings in 1922 , Reader 's Digest became the highest circulating general interest magazine in the United States , reaching more than 16 million readers a month . From 1938 on , the Digest could be read in 17 languages . In the U.S. , Reader 's Digest had the highest subscription rate of any magazine except TV Guide . Reader 's Digest started life not long after the emergence of the USSR . Initially , the magazine was sympathetic to the Russian revolution , seeing it as a movement against what it regarded as undemocratic , aristocratic European society . By the 1930s , however , it had identified the USSR with communism . Later , it began to publish stories that portrayed the Soviet state as the primary danger to post-World War II America . The Digest presented the U.S. and USSR as polar opposites . As well as running clearly political articles that explained international relations and threats to peace , the magazine 's ostensibly apolitical stories reinforced this image of two incompatible societies . Descriptions of everyday life in America and the Soviet Union detailed how different Americans were from Russians , how different Russians ' music was , their food , their sense of humor -- even Russian sex lives were different . At the extreme , in 1981 a story about an American in Siberia seemed to suggest biological differences when it reported the American 's body rejected a Russian blood transfusion . These types of stories earned the Digest a reputation as a leading voice in anti-communism . As it gained prominence , Reader 's Digest drew criticism . Despite the publication 's determination to celebrate individual freedoms , it was accused of being nothing more than state propaganda . There were claims of CIA funding and editorial control , especially in its foreign editions in Latin America . Whether these accusations were true or not , the magazine 's influence in popular culture could perhaps be seen as even more powerful and pernicious . As a digest , the magazine sought not to reflect the immediate news but issues and ideas of "  lasting interest . " Famously , Ronald Reagan was said to have a box full of Digest articles that he had collected for reference . Reader 's Digest meant to provide readers with all of the information they needed to know about what was important in the world , what America 's role in the world should be and what they , as good citizens , should do to preserve the American way . It became a trusted source of news . In the days before electronic communication , it was perhaps the only source that many people , particularly those in rural areas , could access regularly . Reader 's Digest presented itself as a guardian of American morality and values . In June 1960 , a Reader 's Digest advertisement quoted President Dwight D. Eisenhower as saying , "  Our magazines are a leading force for moral and cultural growth in our country and one of the surest guarantees of an informed public . " Exactly what the relationship was between Reader 's Digest and state foreign policy is unclear , but its role in encouraging American readers to think about and actively engage in world affairs is beyond doubt . In the February 1969 issue , apparently fearing a lack of support for the Vietnam War , Reader 's Digest launched a "  Fly this Flag Proudly " campaign , inserting flag decals into the 18 million copies of the magazine . A follow-up survey indicated that 78 % of readers had detached the flag , and half of those people had put it to use . A few years earlier , an article on how Brazil resisted a communist takeover was deemed to contain such "  vital , useful information for every nation menaced by communist subversion " that readers were encouraged to send it -- and free reprints -- to friends abroad , or to place it into "  the hands of concerned people -LSB- whom readers -RSB- may meet " on vacation . When relations with the USSR began to thaw , the Digest feared that Americans were overlooking the danger presented by the Soviets . During detente and the beginnings of the end of the Cold War , articles warned readers not to trust those who suggested that the Soviets could change . The fall of the Berlin Wall heralded a collapse of the Digest 's moral certainty about the difference between America and its old enemy . Perhaps the decline of Reader 's Digest 's fortunes was inevitable with the longer-term social and political influences of 60s counterculture , the failure of general interest magazines , the rise of global media targeted at specific niches and the advent of the internet . But of equal importance was the end of the Soviet threat : With the fall of its arch enemy , the Evil Empire , there was no mirror against which it could present an alternative image of America and its historic mission .	Joanne Sharp : Reader 's Digest once had a huge role in shaping opinion Sharp : Digest propagated Cold War view that USSR was a primary danger to American way Reader 's Digest was hugely popular , she says , but critics called it state propaganda Sharp : It declined with the end of general interest magazines and fear of the Evil Empire
CNN  -- Mark Zuckerberg went back to Harvard on Monday on a recruiting trip , his first visit since he dropped out of the prestigious university to found social-media giant Facebook . Clad in his trademark hoodie and T-shirt , Zuckerberg told reporters , "  This is a great time to come . " "  There 's a lot of really smart people here , and a lot of them are making decisions on where they are going to work when they graduate in the next couple of weeks , " he said . The university posted a slickly edited video on YouTube of Zuckerberg 's outdoor remarks . Zuckerberg quit Harvard and moved to California to found Facebook in 2004 . The university 's student newspaper , The Harvard Crimson , says he was back on campus for the first time since he left to recruit students for internships at Facebook . Facebook is "  just getting started , " Zuckerberg said , according to The Crimson . "  The original goals for the company are to make it so that the whole world can be more open and connected . And you know the last five years have really just been about helping people get signed up and stay connected with their friends , " he said , The Crimson reported . "  But I think the next five or 10 years are going to be about all of these different products and industries that can be rethought . " Students , not surprisingly , sounded thrilled about the visit . "  If you 've seen the movie ` Social Network , ' you know that when Zuckerberg attended a talk by Bill Gates it was a pivotal moment , " Harvard senior Michael Wong told The Boston Globe . "  This could be another iteration of that . The next Mark Zuckerberg could be in the audience . " Harvard students applied for the Facebook internships within seconds of their being posted online , a university official told the Crimson . Harvard , for its part , was happy to welcome back the billionaire dropout . "  We 're very happy to have him here . We 've rolled out the red carpet , " Tania deLuzuriaga , a spokeswoman for the university , said before Zuckerberg 's arrival . "  The excitement on campus is palpable . There is a big waiting list of students who want to go to this event and ca n't get in . It 's the talk of campus today . " The meeting serves Facebook 's purpose of looking for new engineers . The site , which is headquartered in Palo Alto , California , already has more than 2,000 employees . Zuckerberg "  is eager to connect with computer science and engineering students from some of the best schools in the world , and may well be tomorrow 's Facebook innovators , " Facebook 's Andrew Noyes told the Crimson in an e-mail before the visit . Facebook has grown from a dorm-room project to an international sensation , with more than 800 million people using the social-networking site . Zuckerberg 's fame has risen in tandem with the site 's success . Last year , the Oscar-winning movie "  The Social Network " profiled the somewhat socially awkward king of social media . At a Facebook product release in September , "  Saturday Night Live 's " Andy Samberg did impressions of Facebook 's founder on stage .	Mark Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard University in 2004 The Facebook CEO visited the campus on Monday He returns to recruit engineering students for internships It is his first official visit since 2004 , The Harvard Crimson says
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  Divers are preparing to investigate underwater pings that may be coming from the flight recorders of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , Indonesia 's military chief said Friday . An Indonesian search vessel had earlier detected the pings , said Gen. Moeldoko , the head of Indonesia 's armed forces . He was speaking on board the ship that is being used as a base for divers trying to raise the tail of the AirAsia plane , which went down in the Java Sea on December 28 with 162 people on board . But there is also caution surrounding the possible pings , because the sound could be emanating from other sources . In the case of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 , several signals raised hopes of locating the missing plane , but proved to be false leads . Search teams , which had been battling bad weather and strong currents , found the tail section on the sea floor Wednesday . That discovery was seen as significant because in the Airbus A320-200 , the aircraft model of Flight QZ8501 , the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder are housed in the tail . But before Friday , searchers had n't reported detecting any possible pings from the locator beacons on the flight recorders , which are popularly known as black boxes . It was unclear whether the devices remained inside the tail or had come free . Batteries that send out the pings last 30 days . It has been 13 days since the AirAsia plane fell into the sea . Conditions cleared up Friday , as divers prepared for a complicated operation to raise the tail to find the recorders . Divers are lowering ropes and slings down to the tail . The plan is to inflate giant airbags or balloons underneath to lift the tail from the bottom of the sea . A crane would then be used to raise the section . Search officials said that the underwater visibility and currents are much better than conditions in previous days . Experts say the information contained within the flight recorders is likely to enable investigators to figure out why Flight QZ8501 dropped off radar and went down in the sea on its way from the Indonesian city of Surabaya to Singapore . The plane 's pilot had asked to change course and climb to a higher altitude minutes before contact was lost , according to Indonesian officials . The vast majority of the people on the plane were Indonesian . There were also citizens of Great Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea . A total of 48 bodies have so far been recovered from the sea , Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said Friday . Some of the bodies have been found still strapped into seats . CNN 's Brad Olson , Madison Park and journalist Intan Hadidjah contributed to this report .	An Indonesian search vessel detected the pings , the country 's military chief says The tail of the AirAsia Flight QZ8501 was found Wednesday
Washington  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors dropped the remaining charges against former Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday , less than two weeks after his corruption trial ended in an acquittal and mistrial . The Justice Department had accused Edwards of using nearly $ 1 million in illegal campaign contributions to keep his pregnant mistress under wraps as he mounted a second presidential bid in 2008 . But after more than 50 hours of deliberation , a North Carolina jury acquitted him on one of the six counts against him and deadlocked on the other five . Lanny Breuer , the head of the Justice Department 's criminal division , said prosecutors respect the judgment of the jury and would not bring the case to trial again . "  We knew that this case -- like all campaign finance cases -- would be challenging , " Breuer said in a written statement on the decision . "  But it is our duty to bring hard cases when we believe that the facts and the law support charging a candidate for high office with a crime . " Overheard on CNN.com : ` Being a slimy dirtbag does n't equal being a criminal ' Edwards ' lawyers said in a statement , "  We are confident that the outcome of any new trial would have been the same . " "  While John has repeatedly admitted to his sins , he has also consistently asserted , as we demonstrated at the trial , that he did not violate any campaign law nor even imagined that any campaign laws could apply , " they said . Edwards , 61 , won a U.S. Senate seat from North Carolina in 1998 . He ran for president in 2004 , when he ended up as the Democrats ' nominee for vice president , and again in 2008 , when he dropped out of the reace after a poor showing in the early primaries . Jurors : Evidence elusive in Edwards case In August 2008 , he admitted to an affair with onetime campaign videographer Rielle Hunter , but denied paternity of the daughter she had given birth to six months earlier . He eventually acknowledged paternity , and after the May 31 mistrial , he talked about "  my precious Quinn , who I love more than any of you can ever imagine . " Prosecutors argued that Edwards took $ 925,000 from two high-powered donors to pay for Hunter 's living and medical expenses , travel and other costs to keep her out of sight while he sought the presidency -- contributions that amounted to illegal , undisclosed campaign donations . Former Edwards aide Andrew Young testified that he allowed Hunter to move in with him and his wife at Edwards ' request after newspapers began looking into a possible affair within the Edwards campaign . Edwards ' lawyers argued he was guilty of being a bad husband to his wife , Elizabeth , who died of cancer in 2010 , but had committed no crime . They also told jurors that Young , the government 's star witness , used the contributions for his own gain . Edwards charges : The rundown "  As we stated in our motions and arguments , " his lawyers said Wednesday . "  It should be addressed , if at all , by the Federal Election Commission , which our evidence showed seems to have agreed with our views on the law . " CNN 's Bill Mears and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Edwards "  has repeatedly admitted to his sins " but committed no crime , lawyers say Justice Department says it wo n't re-try John Edwards The ex-Democratic presidential candidate was accused of campaign finance violations Edwards was acquitted on one count and jurors deadlocked on the rest
CNN  -- It is a horse that most certainly meets with Royal approval but for now the Queen is happy for her filly Estimate to luxuriate in the grounds of her Sandringham estate . But even while the four-year-old puts her feet up after a hectic year on the track she is still winning prizes -- adding the prestigious Cartier Stayer Award to her impressive haul of trophies . Estimate 's most notable triumph was victory at the 2013 Gold Cup , as a thrilled looking Queen cheered it home from the Royal Box at Ascot . Ridden by Ryan Moore , Estimate stormed to victory in the prestigious Group One race in June , the first time in its 207-year history that the British monarch had owned the winner . But that is not the extent of her exhaustions . Estimate has also won four other English Classics -- the 1,000 and 2,000 Guineas , The Oaks and St. Leger -- meaning that only the Epsom Derby eludes her . The Queen received the award at Buckingham Palace on Monday and the footage was shown to around 330 guests who attended the ceremony at London 's Dorchester Hotel . The 87-year-old said : "  Thank you very much indeed and it 's very nice to accept the award on behalf of Estimate , who did all the work . That 's very kind . "  Estimate is sitting in a field at Sandringham now having a rest and watching the deer and things like that . Perhaps she 'll come back into training next year . "  I shall be thrilled to keep that  the Cartier Award trophy  and have it as a memento . I was just looking at it and thinking it could join all the trophies we have at Ascot . "  We have all the trophies . I have actually managed to win the Gold Cup , which is unusual . " Horse racing has long been a love of the Royal family , the Queen 's father King George VI passing on his love of the sport to his daughter Elizabeth . The Queen Mother also had a passion for steeplechase racing and when she died at the age of 101 in 2002 , she could boast 449 winners in her royal colors . "  She adores breeding racehorses , " the Queen 's racing manager John Warren told CNN . "  The British bloodstock industry is very lucky to have a patron such as the Queen . " Said to name all her own horses , the Queen has Royal studs at Sandringham and Wolferton in Norfolk and Polhampton in Berkshire , with around 25 horses racing a season . The Cartier Horse of the Year gong went to unbeaten three-year-old French filly Treve , who won this year 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe . She also claimed the French Oaks and Prix Vermeille crowns , emulating the feat of Zarkava in 2008 who also won all three titles in a season . Treve was purchased at auction by the Qatar-based Al Shaqab Racing for Â # 50,000 , a snip considering its value after winning the $ 6.25 million Arc .	The Queen 's horse Estimate wins the Cartier Stayer Award after a stellar year The four-year-old filly won the 2013 Gold Cup at Royal Ascot in front of the Queen Her Majesty is a keen horse racing enthusiast just like her mother and father Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Treve takes the Horse of the Year gong
CNN  -- California 's vote on a controversial cigarette tax remained too close to call Wednesday morning , although votes counted so far suggest it was narrowly rejected . With all precincts reporting , the tally was 50.8 % against the proposal and 49.2 % in support of it , according to the California Secretary of State website . But the vote was listed as a "  close contest " with no final result . Counties have 28 days to count every vote-by-mail , provisional and damaged ballot , the secretary of state 's office said . With nearly 3.9 million votes cast in precincts , the "  no " votes were ahead by only about 63,000 . Proposition 29 , would raise about $ 735 million a year . About three-quarters of the money raised would go to cancer research . "  The American Cancer Society , the American Heart Association and the American Lung Association wrote the initiative carefully , " Lori Bremner of the American Cancer Society told CNN 's "  Sanjay Gupta MD " last week . "  The money is going to be invested in cancer research here in California and on tobacco prevention and cessation programs to protect kids and reduce smoking here in California . " Studies show the tax would help decrease smoking and save lives , she said . Opponents slammed the tax as a misguided burden in an already tough economy . "  What we 're seeing in the state of California is a lot of frustration on the part of our citizenry that it 's just another tax , " said Dr. Marcy Zwelling , a general practitioner . The tax , she said in an interview with CNN , "  goes to build bigger bureaucracy , build business , build buildings , not necessarily to go to cancer research . " The opposition in California was fueled by a huge influx of cash from big tobacco companies . About $ 47 million was raised in efforts -- including TV advertising -- to defeat "  Prop. 29 , " including $ 27.5 million from Philip Morris and $ 11 million from R.J. Reynolds , according to figures from MapLight , a nonpartisan research firm . About $ 12 million was raised in support of the initiative , including $ 8.5 million from the American Cancer Society and $ 1.5 million from the Lance Armstrong Foundation , known as Livestrong . Armstrong himself appeared in ads urging people to "  vote yes on 29 . "  Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent , is a board member of the foundation . There is already an 87-cent tax on each pack of cigarettes in California . According to California 's official voter guide , the health groups behind Prop. 29 said it would "  save lives , stop kids from smoking , and fund cancer research , " while those opposed said the initiative "  does n't require revenue be spent in California to create jobs or fund schools . " Bremner insisted the campaign against Prop. 29 traded in "  deceptions . " The biggest misconception is that the money collected "  will be somehow wasted or used otherwise , " she said . But Zwelling said it would heavily affect poorer Americans , who are more likely to smoke . And other efforts , including the state 's ban on smoking in public places , have succeeded at pushing people to quit smoking , she said . John Seffrin , CEO of the American Cancer Society , said if the bill passed , "  It would make California the second-largest funder of cancer research after the  National Cancer Institute  in the entire country . " Some grant proposals that currently go unfunded would find a source of revenue , he said . "  So , it 's a tremendous opportunity for California to do the right thing -- not only for California , but for the whole world . " CNN 's Caleb Hellerman , Nadia Kounang and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The vote is a "  close contest , " the California secretary of state 's office says NEW : Counties have 28 days to count mail-in , provisional , and damaged ballots Votes from precincts were 50.8 % against and 49.2 % in support The law would add $ 1 to California 's 87-cent tax on each pack of cigarettes
Editor 's note : Brandon Ancil is a digital producer and editor for CNN.com . Like many CNN iReporters , he shoots , edits and produces all of his content himself . Below are some tips to editing a video piece from start to finish . Read up , then give Ancil 's advice a try in this week 's iReport Boot Camp challenge . In the world of video production , it 's not a stretch to say that video editors are easily overlooked . Last in line to get their hands on the material , the choices a video editor makes can drastically change the impact a video has . With the right style , tone and technique , an ordinary video can be transformed into a gripping video experience . And once you have the basic tools of how to edit , it 's only a matter of time before you 're editing like a pro . Review footage The first step when editing is to get your footage onto your computer . The very next step should be to review it . Watching all of the video you have to work with , from beginning to end , will bring the story back to you . And while you 're reviewing your footage , you should also be organizing it . Organization All editors have their own system of organization . Some lay their clips out chronologically while others set their clips into scenes . First determine how you 'd like to organize your clips and then make it happen . Luckily , all editing programs from Final Cut Pro to Windows Movie Maker have one basic organized layout . They include : a timeline  an area where footage can be laid down for review and cutting  , a clip bin  an area where transferred clips can be labeled and organized for viewing  and a viewer  the video playback area of your editing program  . Whether you 're editing a small project or a large one , it 's best to keep the elements in your bin well catalogued . Organization will save you time and stop an editor from being overwhelmed by the amount of available footage . At the beginning of an edit , I break down my video elements into three main groups : B-roll : Any video footage that does not include interviews . SOTs : "  SOT " or Sound On Tape , refers to interviews or specific audio for your story . Graphics : Extra elements that are created in pre - or post-production to enhance the story . Make it functional , then fancy No matter how beautiful or beat-up the shots may be , video storytelling is at its core , storytelling . As an editor , your main responsibility should be to tell the story in the most responsible way . You do this by first arranging your audio from interviews , natural sound and/or a voiceover to create your storyline . Once that is done , you can then begin to add exciting visual elements to enhance the storytelling . Lead with action Buck the notion that you save the best for last . In video , you 've got to grab your viewer 's attention and keep it the entire way through . Whether it 's compelling video or sound , always lead with an active element that is both integral to the story and interesting to the viewer . Create pace and tension There 's nothing worse than a story that gives it all away in the beginning . As an editor , it 's important to create a storyline with tension that builds to keep the viewer watching . If not , you 've broken an unwritten promise to the viewer . Audio and music Music can aid in building pace and tension in a story . Just remember a piece of music should not change the meaning or intent of the story . A way to check this is to simply watch the piece with the music playing -- and then watch it with the music muted . If you find your impression of the story as a whole has changed , revisit your music selection . A music track should complement your story , not compete with it . Also select your music carefully . Do n't use trademarked music unless you have the license to do so . Try using music that 's available in the public domain . Sites like PD Info can help you identity useable music . Make your edits count As with shooting , there are many cardinal sins in editing . Among them : jump-cuts , splitting the axis and video effects or transitions . Jump-cut : A jump-cut occurs when an editor makes a cut that appears to have skipped or jumped forward . The easiest example to visualize is in an interview setting . If an editor cuts from one thought too quickly to the next without a camera movement or transition , the cut looks noticeably like it has jumped forward . A way to avoid this is to use "  b-roll " to cover those cuts . Splitting the axis : Splitting the axis differs from a jump-cut because of its severity . Instead of little change , crossing the axis is a sudden shot change from one side of your subject to his or her opposite side . To better understand , imagine you 're watching an interview . The person is facing the camera with most of their right side toward the camera . Suddenly , the camera angle changes , and you see the opposite side of the interviewee . You have crossed the axis - which is a visually jarring cut , and something that should be avoided at all costs . Video effects and/or transitions : When used effectively  and sparingly  , these elements can aid in cleaning up a video . A white flash can help mitigate a jump cut , or a dip to black can add needed pacing to an emotional story . Restraint The KISS acronym -- "  Keep It Simple and Straightforward " has never let me down . Suppressing your desire to add in more elements can oftentimes be your best tool . This may mean eliminating useless transition effects , graphics or excessive shot changes . Finishing touches After you 've edited your piece , take the time to critically review the choices you 've made in both story and video . A peer-review is a great tool . Showing your work to someone who has n't seen it before will provide a fresh perspective on your piece . Listening to the person 's feedback will help you fill in holes that you may not have noticed yourself . Tips learned the hard way Save constantly . No one wants to redo their project . And backup your material . If you have enough space , either keep the footage on your camera or double up your material on another computer . For more tips on video production , check out digital producer and editor Nick Scott 's tip on shooting video .	CNN 's iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve storytelling chops CNN 's Brandon Ancil shares his advice on editing video Show us your editing skills by September 13
CNN  -- Despite Patricia Blagojevich 's myriad charitable endeavors , she is now thought of as the goading voice in the background of a November phone call taped by the FBI . Illinois first lady Patricia Blagojevich was born into a political family . "  Hold up that f -- ing Cubs s -- . F -- them , " she allegedly said as her husband , Democratic Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , bandied about a scheme to withhold state funds from the Cubs ' parent Tribune Company unless the owner agreed to fire certain Chicago Tribune employees . Seven days later , according to the affidavit , she took part in a meeting about whether President-elect Barack Obama would secure a lucrative job for her if her husband appointed Obama 's preferred candidate to his vacant Senate seat . U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald has said Patricia Blagojevich is not the target of the investigation of the governor 's alleged attempts to sell Obama 's Senate seat , pressure the Chicago Tribune and threaten to withdraw funding from a children 's hospital . Watch what prosecutors say was the first lady 's role in alleged scandal " A glance at her profile on the governor 's Web site details a list of philanthropic endeavors , including awareness campaigns for breast cancer , heart disease and food allergies . She also has championed children 's health care and literacy , and has parlayed her love for gardening into the State Beautification Initiative . "  As first lady , she works hard to promote initiatives that will help the families of Illinois bring up happy , healthy and successful children , " her biography says . Blagojevich and her family have been part of the Chicago machine for decades . The 43-year-old mother of two is the oldest daughter of Margaret Mell and longtime Chicago Alderman Richard Mell , whose district includes part of Chicago 's Northwest Side , where Rod Blagojevich was raised . Patricia Blagojevich has two siblings , Rich Mell Jr. and Deborah Mell , a gay rights activist and incoming state representative who was arrested in March 2004 while protesting Cook County , Illinois , ' refusal to grant her a same-sex marriage license . Deborah Mell had said she would run for the seat of U.S. Rep. Rahm Emanuel after Obama tapped him as his chief of staff , but she later withdrew from consideration . Richard Mell is a well-known Chicago power player who has served on the City Council since 1975 . Rod Blagojevich met his future wife in 1988 , at one of the alderman 's fundraisers . The couple married in 1990 , and Mell put his political weight behind Rod Blagojevich , who quickly ascended the political ranks . Mell has long been credited as choreographer of that rise , which took Rod Blagojevich from the Cook County state 's attorney office to the Illinois General Assembly  1992  to the U.S. House of Representatives  1997  to the governor 's office  2003  . Rod and Patricia Blagojevich did not move into the governor 's mansion in Springfield , opting instead to live 200 miles north in Chicago 's upscale Ravenswood Manor neighborhood . There , they live with their daughters -- Amy , 10 , and Annie , 4 . After Rod Blagojevich was elected to the state 's top post , a public feud erupted between the governor and Mell . Tensions reached a flash point in January 2005 , when Rod Blagojevich reportedly shut down a Joliet , Illinois , landfill owned by Patricia Blagojevich 's second cousin . Mell , in an interview with the Chicago-Sun Times , castigated Rod Blagojevich as someone who "  uses everybody , and when there 's no more use , he discards them . " Mell further said that his daughter was wearing "  blinders " and did n't realize her husband was a manipulative political animal who would "  throw anyone under the bus . " Mell also leveled a flurry of allegations against his son-in-law 's administration -- most notably that Rod Blagojevich 's fundraising chief , Christopher Kelly , "  trades appointments to commissions for checks for $ 50,000 " to the governor 's political fund , the newspaper reported . Asked Wednesday if he would discuss his 2005 allegations , Mell responded via e-mail , "  My main concern right now is for my daughter and grandchildren . I would rather not discuss this sad situation in the public venue at this time . " Reports vary on whether the family feud was ever laid to rest . Though fences were mended two years ago , after Mell 's wife died of a terminal brain disease , the Sun-Times reported the bad feelings later resurfaced . Though Mell did not accuse his daughter of improprieties in his well-publicized rant , Patricia Blagojevich has been the subject of scrutiny over her real estate deals , most notably those involving businessman Antoin Rezko . Rezko , who was convicted in the summer on 16 counts , including fraud , money laundering and abetting bribery , is part of this week 's allegations against Rod Blagojevich . Federal authorities allege Rezko is one of the conspirators with whom the governor schemed in what Fitzgerald called "  a corruption crime spree . " The first lady , a licensed real estate broker and appraiser with an economics degree from the University of Illinois-Urbana Champaign , has not been charged with wrongdoing . Patricia Blagojevich 's ties to Rezko came under fire after the Chicago Tribune in 2005 reported that 25 percent of her income in 2004 -- about $ 38,000 -- came via deals with Rezko , one of the governor 's top fundraisers at the time . Aides to the governor said there was nothing nefarious about the business relationship . In October , the Chicago Tribune reported that the first lady 's home-based real estate firm , River Realty , had received about $ 700,000 in commissions since 2000 , when Blagojevich began raising funds for his gubernatorial run . Of those commissions , the paper reported , about three-quarters came from "  state contractors , family and others with political ties . " Among her associates , the Tribune reported , were William Cellini , a key player in the Rezko trial , and Anita Mahajan , who was charged in 2007 with bilking Illinois out of more than $ 2 million for drug-screening services her firm never performed . The paper reported that Mahajan 's husband , Amrish , was a former Blagojevich fundraiser . Despite the reported income , the federal affidavit outlining the charges against Rod Blagojevich states the governor was bemoaning his family 's "  financial stress " and expressing hope that Obama might help alleviate it . A six-figure salary for serving on a corporate or nonprofit board would help the "  struggling " family , he allegedly said , noting that Patricia Blagojevich 's Series 7 license to sell securities makes her an apt candidate for such work . The affidavit says the governor had harsh words for the president-elect should he not help the Blagojeviches . Calling Obama a "  motherf -- er , " the governor scoffs incredulously at the idea of appointing his preferred candidate without a kickback , the affidavit says . "  For nothing ? F -- him , " he said , according to the affidavit . The next day , the affidavit says , Rod Blagojevich firmly ruled out appointing Obama 's preferred successor . "  They 're not willing to give me anything except appreciation . F -- them , " the affidavit quotes him as saying . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Patricia Blagojevich is allegedly heard urging her husband to withhold state funds She comes from a political family ; father is Chicago alderman , sister an activist Her real estate deals with fraudster businessman Antoin Rezko have drawn scrutiny Her father once accused husband 's administration of selling state appointments
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama struck down a rule Friday that prohibits U.S. money from funding international family-planning clinics that promote abortion or provide counseling or referrals about abortion services . President Obama says he does n't want family planning to be used as a "  political wedge . " Obama said in a statement that family planning aid has been used as a "  political wedge issue , " adding that he had "  no desire to continue this stale and fruitless debate . " The policy says any organization receiving U.S. family-planning funds from the U.S. Agency for International Development can not offer abortions or abortion counseling . "  It is time we end the politicization of this issue , " Obama said . "  In the coming weeks , my administration will initiate a fresh conversation on family planning , working to find areas of common ground to best meet the needs of women and families at home and around the world . " Obama 's memorandum reversing the policy comes the day after the 36th anniversary of Roe v. Wade . The landmark 1973 U.S. Supreme Court decision held that a woman 's right to an abortion fell within the right to privacy protected by the 14th Amendment . The ruling gave a woman autonomy over her pregnancy during the first trimester . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider on how Obama is handling abortion issue " The memorandum reverses the "  Mexico City policy , " initiated by President Reagan in 1984 , canceled by President Clinton and reinstated by President George W. Bush in 2001 . The policy , referred to by critics as "  the global gag rule , " was initially announced at a population conference in Mexico City . Reversing the previous administrations ' stance on the policy was one of Clinton 's first acts as president in January 1993 and the very first executive order issued by Bush on January 22 , 2001 , the 28th anniversary of Roe v. Wade . Critics , including Planned Parenthood , called Bush 's move a "  legislative ambush . " He defended his action , saying , "  It is my conviction that taxpayer funds should not be used to pay for abortion or actively promote abortion . " The group Population Action International praised Obama 's move , saying in a statement that it will "  save women 's lives around the world . " "  Family planning should not be a political issue ; it 's about basic health care and well-being for women and children , " the group said . "  Women 's health has been severely impacted by the cutoff of assistance . President Obama 's actions will help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies , abortions and women dying from high-risk pregnancies because they do n't have access to family planning . " Republican lawmakers were critical of the new president 's action . "  Not even waiting a week , the new administration has acted to funnel U.S. tax dollars to abortion providers overseas , " Rep. Tom Price , R-Georgia , said in a written statement . "  This is a stunning reversal of course from the president 's campaign statements that he hoped to reduce the number of abortions . Just a day after thousands of Americans came to Washington to celebrate the principle of life , President Obama has made it clear that reducing abortions is not one of his priorities . " In his statement , however , Obama said he had directed his staff "  to reach out to those on all sides of this issue to achieve the goal of reducing unintended pregnancies . " "  They will also work to promote safe motherhood , reduce maternal and infant mortality rates and increase educational and economic opportunities for women and girls . " The president added that he looked forward to "  working with Congress to restore U.S. financial support for the U.N. Population Fund . " The Bush administration has repeatedly withheld funding authorized by Congress for the U.N. fund , saying the agency has funded a forced sterilization program in China . The fund has repeatedly denied that accusation . "  By signaling his intention to restore U.S. funding for UNFPA , the UN Population Fund , President Barack Obama is signaling his re-engagement with the international community on the critical challenge of improving reproductive health around the world , " UN Foundation President Timothy Wirth said . "  For the past seven years , UNFPA funding has been a victim of false accusations and misinformation that had everything to do with politics and nothing to do with sound policy , " he said . "  Approximately 180 industrialized and developing countries , including all the countries in sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America , contribute to UNFPA . The United States was the only country to withhold funding for political reasons . " CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It is time we end the politicization of this issue , " President Obama says NEW : Obama says goal is to reach out to all sides to reduce unintended pregnancies Lawmaker says policy shows that reducing abortions not a priority of Obama 's "  Mexico City policy " prohibits U.S. funding of some foreign family-planning groups
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Friday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown congratulates newly promoted four-star Gen. Ann Dunwoody . CNN  -- Tonight , our "  cutting through the bull " is a Friday first , one we are thrilled to celebrate . The Pentagon 's elite club of four-star generals welcomed a new member Friday , Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody . At her ceremony Friday , she said , "  I am honored to be joining your four-star bench of general officers -- an extraordinary band of brothers who have the responsibility of guiding our nation 's Army and its incredible soldiers into the future . " That particular band of brothers has welcomed its first sister . Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary " Ann Dunwoody has become the first female four-star general in history . In a year where we saw some very public battles to crack the glass ceiling in politics , Dunwoody quietly shattered the military 's "  brass " ceiling . Women make up only about 14 percent of the active duty force , with an even smaller fraction at the top . One male general was quoted as saying that given Dunwoody 's extraordinary accomplishments in the military , "  It 's too bad that the focus with this promotion will be on her gender . " We do applaud her accomplishments , but when you are the first in the male-dominated world that is the military , that in and of itself is an accomplishment that we also think is still worth noting and celebrating . Gen. Dunwoody , congratulations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Brown : First female four-star general is cause for celebration Brown : Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody becomes first sister to join special band of brothers Women make up only about 14 percent of the active duty force , Brown notes
CNN  -- A second person who had been taken hostage at a rural Louisiana bank this week has died , a hospital official said Thursday . Laden McDaniel , a woman who police said was among three Tensas State Bank employees taken hostage on Tuesday , died at Rapides Regional Medical Center , according to Sarah Clancy of the Alexandria , Louisiana , hospital . Authorities said Fuaed Abdo Ahmed shot McDaniel and Jay Warbington as police stormed the bank in St. Joseph just before midnight Tuesday . Police shot and killed Ahmed , Louisiana State Police Col. Michael Edmonson said . He said the gunman had threatened to kill the hostages . Warbington died later , police said Wednesday . The third hostage had been freed before the shooting began . In 2012 : Gunman wounded , ending French hostage incident Ahmed had with him a book on torture and a bag with items he could use to torture people , state police Trooper Albert Paxton said Thursday . He also had a book on hostage negotiations , Paxton said . Police said Ahmed , 20 , was known to police , and Edmonson described him as a paranoid schizophrenic . Ahmed told hostage negotiators that he heard voices and wanted to have a device removed from his head . Born in California , Ahmed moved with his family to northeastern Louisiana , where his family owns a convenience store , Edmonson said . The Mississippi River community of St. Joseph is about 35 miles south of Tallulah , Louisiana , and 35 miles north of Natchez , Mississippi . It is the seat of Tensas Parish , home to about 5,000 people . Ahmed entered the bank branch with a handgun around 12:30 p.m. , and took the three bank employees hostage , according to officials . After word got out about the hostage situation , local , state and federal law enforcement agents descended on the usually quiet community . Law enforcement agents were able to talk to the hostages as well as the gunman . Edmonson said he talked to , and prayed with , relatives of the hostages . CNN 's Ed Payne , Dave Alsup , Alina Machado , Greg Botelho and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Laden McDaniel is the second of the bank hostages to die Police identify the dead hostage-taker as Fuaed Abdo Ahmed Police : Ahmed shot both hostages as police stormed the building they were in One hostage was freed earlier in the evening
Schonau , Germany  CNN  -- A former teacher with no formal business qualifications , Ursula Sladek cuts an unusual figure as the head of a major electricity company . But then her company , the Schonau Power Supply  EWS  -- based in the hills of a remote German town -- is not your typical electricity supplier . Founded by Sladek and a few friends in 1991 , EWS is a citizen-owned co-operative that powers 120,000 homes across Germany , using only sustainable energy supplies . Today , following the nuclear explosion in Fukushima and Germany 's subsequent commitment to end its reliance on nuclear power over the next decade , EWS is enjoying rocketing demand , and expects to provide for a million homes by 2015 . Not bad for a self-professed housewife , who wrest control of her local electricity grid from the nationwide energy provider . Sladek 's story starts in 1986 , in the wake of the Chernobyl disaster . Although her home in Schonau was over 2,000 kilometers away from the nuclear plant explosion , traces of radiation had still managed to infect the local wildlife . "  At first we thought : What can the children eat ? Can they play outdoors , " she recalls . "  And we still have this now , when you go into the forest , the mushrooms are still polluted ; the wild boar is still polluted ... 25 years after Chernobyl , that is still here . " Sladek , a mother of five , established "  Parents for a Nuclear Free Future " -- a regional organization aimed at promoting alternatives to nuclear energy . At the time , Sladek believed that KWR , the power company responsible for providing her town with its electricity , could be persuaded to invest in sustainable supplies and even help its people reduce their reliance on the grid . She was wrong . "  They told us : ` You want to save energy ? We sell energy . That 's our job . We 'll not help you . ' We learned that neither the government nor the energy supplier would do anything . " It was exactly this response that spurred Sladek and others living in Schonau into what they did next . "  We never thought about overtaking a grid and doing what we 're now doing , " says Sladek . "  Their attitude was the reason why we wanted to . " And so , when KWR 's licence to operate the power grid came up for renewal in 1991 , Sladek and her group created their own power-company and launched a local petition to convince the town council and the population to let them manage it cooperatively . After many years and battles , in 1997 , EWS had raised enough money -- about â ‚ ¬ 2 million -- to buy the contract to supply Schonau with non-nuclear electricity . Collectively owned by 1,000 citizens , the company gets all its energy from green sources , mainly hydropower operations , but also including solar panels and wind turbines . Some homes even have small co-generation systems that produce domestic heat as well as electricity that can be sold back to the grid . So do EWS customers pay a premium to keep a clean and green conscience ? Nope . In fact , according to Sladek , they pay less . "  We 're offering  electricity  even cheaper than companies which supply their customers with nuclear power or with coal power , " she says . "  That is because we do n't want to gain as much money as the others do . Of course , we have to gain money as well because we have people who work for us ... But we just do n't want to gain as much ... that 's not the reason why we do  it  . " Indeed , the company 's shareholders receive small dividends , as well as an income from any home-generated power they put back into the grid , but the rest is reinvested into new renewable energy projects and into training and supporting communities who want to run their own green energy companies . It 's for these reasons that Sladek was named European winner of the 2011 Goldman Environmental prize , often cited as the "  Nobel for the environment , " in April of this year . Not many energy barons can boast one of those .	Ursula Sladek created Germany 's first co-op-owned renewable power company Motivated to protect her family after Chernobyl disaster , Sladek took control of local power grid Her company charges less for electricity as it does not aim to make a profit Sladek was recently awared prestigious Goldman Environmental prize
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal authorities have charged seven men in North Carolina with supporting terrorism and conspiracy to commit murder abroad , the Justice Department announced Monday . Daniel Patrick Boyd , left , and Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan are two of the seven men charged . Officials said one of the men , identified as North Carolina resident and U.S. native Daniel Patrick Boyd , had traveled to Pakistan and Afghanistan , where he trained in terrorist camps to carry out "  violent jihad . " Boyd , 39 , who went by the name Saifullah , was charged along with two of his sons : Dylan Boyd , 22 , also known as Mohammed , and Zakariya Boyd , 20 . The four others also are residents of North Carolina , and all seven are accused of engaging in weapons training and military tactics in their home state , the Justice Department said . "  We consider this significant . We 've been watching them for some time , and we think they were dangerous , " said a federal law enforcement official who asked not to be identified . The Boyd family and defendant Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan are identified as U.S.-born citizens . Defendant Hysen Sherifi is identified as a native of Kosovo who is a legal permanent resident of the United States , and Hiyad Yaghi and Anes Subasic are said to be naturalized U.S. citizens . Officials did not immediately identify their native countries . The indictment , made public by the Justice Department , says Daniel Boyd and others left the United States for Israel in June 2007 to "  engage in violent jihad but ultimately returned to the United States after failing in their efforts . " The defendants , with a substantial cache of weapons , had "  practiced military tactics and use of weapons on private property in Caswell County , North Carolina , in June and July 2009 , " the indictment says . The documents make no reference to a direct threat to individuals or property in the United States . In a written statement , the Justice Department 's top counterterrorism official , David Kris , said that Daniel Boyd , "  a veteran of terrorist training camps " had conspired with others to recruit and help young men travel overseas in order to kill . " The U.S. attorney in Raleigh , George E. B. Holding , said , "  These charges hammer home the point that terrorists and their supporters are not confined to the remote regions of some far-away land , but can grow and fester right here at home . " The defendants made an initial appearance in federal court in North Carolina . Officials said they are expected to return to court Thursday for detention hearings .	U.S. native and two sons are among suspects Man accused of attending training camps in Pakistan , Afghanistan Seven "  practiced military tactics " in North Carolina , indictment says No mention of direct threats to individuals or property in United States
CNN  -- In a television interview , the mother of a man charged in the murder of an Auburn University freshman repeatedly says she 's sorry about the suffering the victim 's family is enduring . Courtney Larrell Lockhart was arrested Friday in Phenix City , Alabama , about 35 miles from Auburn . "  I never thought Courtney would do this . I never , never thought , " Courtney Larrell Lockhart 's mother Catherine Williams told CNN affiliate WRBL on Saturday . "  But I 'm sorry for that family and I 'm sorry . I 'm just sorry , " she said . "  I got nothing else to say . I 'm just sorry for the loss of that family . " Police announced Saturday that they had arrested Lockhart , 23 , of Smiths , Alabama , in connection with the shooting death of Lauren Burk , 18 , of Marietta , Georgia . Watch the mother cry and apologize " Lockhart faces charges of capital murder during a kidnapping , capital murder during a robbery and capital murder during an attempted rape , police said . Also , Lockhart is facing robbery charges in the Phenix City , Alabama , area , said William Clanton of the Phenix City Police Department . Clanton did not know how many robberies Lockhart was suspected of committing . Lockhart is being held in the Russell County jail , but is expected to be moved to Lee County soon , where Auburn University is , Clanton said . Burk was found shot Tuesday night on North College Street , a few miles north of campus . She died later at a hospital . Minutes after police responded to a call reporting an injured person and found Burk , they received a report of a car -- which turned out to be Burk 's -- on fire in a campus parking lot . Authorities believe gasoline or another accelerant was used to ignite Burk 's car , Auburn Assistant Police Chief Tommy Dawson said Friday . Police were investigating whether a gas can found in downtown Auburn was related to the case . Memorial services for Burk were held Saturday and Sunday at a Marietta church and synagogue . A campus-wide memorial service will be held Monday . A memorial service was held Sunday in Athens , Georgia , for another slain university student Eve Carson , the Athens Banner Herald reported . Carson , 22 , the student body president for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , was found shot to death in a suburban neighborhood not far from campus about 5 a.m. Wednesday . Her car was found Thursday , in another neighborhood to the west , about a block or two from where she lived with roommates . On Saturday , police released two surveillance photographs of a "  person of interest " taken by an ATM camera in the Chapel Hill area , Chapel Hill Police Chief Brian Curran said . The person appeared to be using one of Carson 's ATM cards and was driving a vehicle that was possibly hers . Curran called the photographs the "  biggest break " in the case , which he said still appears to be random . Reminders of the popular student president appeared on the jerseys of the university 's men 's basketball team Saturday night as they took on Duke University 's Blue Devils in Durham , North Carolina . The top-ranked Tar Heels wore jersey patches that read "  Eve . " Many of Duke 's fans donned small light-blue ribbons as a show of support . There was a moment of silence for Carson before tip-off . The ribbons and moment of silence say "  a heckuva lot about Duke University , " UNC Coach Roy Williams told reporters after the game . The Tar Heels won 76-68 . E-mail to a friend	Courtney Larrell Lockhart 's mother says she 's sorry for suffering of victim 's family "  I never thought Courtney would do this , " mother tells television station Lockhart charged in Tuesday slaying of Auburn University freshman Lauren Burk Lockhart is being held in the Russell County jail , authorities say
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Clothing retailer Gap Inc. has fired an Indian company accused of using child labor to make clothes , the company 's president said . Dan McDougall of the Observer said these were among the children working in an Indian factory , making clothing . "  It 's deeply , deeply disturbing to all of us , " Gap President Marka Hansen said Sunday after watching a video of children at work in a New Delhi , India , sweatshop . "  I feel violated and I feel very upset and angry with our vendor and the subcontractor who made this very , very , very unwise decision , " Hansen said . Hansen blamed the alleged abuse on an unauthorized subcontractor for one of its Indian vendors and said the subcontractor 's relationship with the Gap had been "  terminated . " She said the garments allegedly produced by the children represented a small portion of a single order placed with the vendor and that the clothes would not be sold in stores . "  We strictly prohibit the use of child labor , " Hansen said in a statement . "  Gap has a history of addressing challenges like this head-on , and our approach to this situation will be no exception . "  In 2006 , Gap Inc. ceased business with 23 factories due to code violations . We have 90 people located around the world whose job is to ensure compliance with our Code of Vendor Conduct . " The report first appeared Sunday in Britain 's Observer newspaper . Watch how children worked as virtual slaves " The Observer spoke to children as young as 10 who said they were working 16 hours a day for no pay . The paper described the workplace as a "  derelict industrial unit " where the hallways were flowing with excrement from a flooded toilet . One 10-year-old boy told the paper he was sold to the company by his parents . " ' I was bought from my parents ' village in -LSB- the northern state of -RSB- Bihar and taken to New Delhi by train , " The Observer quoted the boy as saying . "  The men came looking for us in July . They had loudspeakers in the back of a car and told my parents that , if they sent me to work in the city , they wo n't have to work in the farms . My father was paid a fee for me , and I was brought down with 40 other children . " Another boy , 12 , said he worked from dawn until 1 a.m. and was so tired he felt sick , according to the paper . But if any of the children cried , he told The Observer , they would be hit with a rubber pipe or punished with an oily cloth stuffed in their mouths . The children were producing hand-stitched blouses for the Christmas market in the United States and Europe at Gap Kids stores , according to the newspaper . The blouses were to carry a price of about $ 40 , The Observer reported . The Gap faced criticism for similar practices in 2000 , when a BBC documentary uncovered young girls producing Gap products at a Cambodian factory . But since then , Hansen said , the company has developed comprehensive policies to prevent abuse and protect workers ' rights . Hansen said violations of those policies are now "  extremely rare . " She said she does not support closing any factories in India in response to the allegations because it would deprive those working in proper conditions of their income . The Gap also operates Banana Republic and Old Navy stores . It has 3,100 stores around the world . E-mail to a friend	Clothes giant fires contractor at center of child labor allegations Allegations include children as young as 10 working 16 hours a day for no pay Boy , 10 , tells British newspaper he was sold to a sweatshop by his parents Gap : Garments allegedly produced by the children will not be sold in stores
CNN  -- The first guests checked back into the Taj Mahal Palace and the Oberoi-Trident hotels Sunday , marking the reopening of the two luxury venues damaged by terrorist attacks in Mumbai last month . Guests arrive Sunday at the Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai . Along with new guests , the hotels ' five restaurants were booked with diners , representatives of the Taj Mahal said . "  Today has been an incredibly moving day . The Taj has been reopened , after a massive concerted effort , in dedication to all of those who lost their lives in the attacks on Mumbai , " said Ratan Tata , the chairman of the company that owns the the Taj Mahal Palace hotel . Representatives at the Oberoi-Trident marked the reopening of that hotel with a multi-religion prayer meeting . Watch as the Taj Mahal hotel reopens "  All the 550 guest rooms , including the executive floors , of the hotel are ready to receive guests , " a hotel spokesman said , adding the business was reopening with "  heightened security , " There were still portions of both hotels that could not reopened because of damage , including the Heritage wing of the Taj Mahal and the Oberoi wing of the Oberoi-Trident . The scene Sunday is a far cry from November 26 when the hotel and many other locations in Mumbai were paralyzed by a mass of coordinated attacks . Terrorists using bombs , gunfire and fire caused the deaths of more than 160 people over three days of sieges throughout the city that is India 's commercial capital . They took hostages at the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels . The assaults also targeted a historic train station , a Jewish cultural center and other landmarks . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	Mumbai 's Taj Mahal Palace Tower , Oberoi-Trident luxury hotels reopen Both were targeted by gunmen in last month 's attacks in which around 160 died Parts of both hotels still closed because of damage suffered during three-day sieges
CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Tuesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il is using his claims of a successful rocket launch to shore up his political strength within his country . Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright discusses North Korea on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Tuesday . Albright , who was secretary of state in the Clinton administration , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that "  it was a huge mistake for the United States to stop talking to North Korea " when the Bush administration took over . The communist nation launched the rocket over the weekend in defiance of international opposition . Satellite images released Monday appear to show the rocket in flight , according to a nonprofit institution that focuses on stopping the spread of nuclear weapons . The following is a transcript of Albright 's conversation with CNN 's Carol Costello . Carol Costello , CNN : We do have this video from North Korea of this rocket taking off . What do you make of that ? Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright : Well , I think that the North Korean leadership is living in a parallel universe of acting as if the launch was a success , when tracking and everything has shown that in fact , it is a failure . And I think it proves a point , which is that the North Koreans , Kim Jong-Il is doing this for his own internal reasons -- because on Thursday , tomorrow , there will be a rubber stamp by the parliament of his leadership -- and the problems that he 's generally had since he had his stroke . So this is part of their kind of Orwellian approach of saying that "  This is what happened , and was n't it a success , " when we know it was n't . Costello : The U.N. Security Council has n't been able to come up with any sort of resolution because apparently that body is split . President Obama made a really big deal of this and said this was like a clear violation . It sort of seems like the United States is stuck , and it ca n't do anything about North Korea . Albright : Well , I do n't think that 's true , because what has happened is there have been individual condemnations by leaders of various countries . And I have to say from my own experience of the United Nations , it does take a while to get the 15 members -LSB- of the Security Council -RSB- together . But the saddest for me is the fact that the U.N. passed a resolution , 1718 , which said that this was not acceptable . So the truth is that the U.N. has to live up to its own resolutions . And Ambassador Rice , I think , is working very hard up there in order to get some action , but there have been condemnations already throughout the world . And the bottom line here is that President Obama 's speech , for instance , in Prague , when he talked about the importance of cooperation generally on a whole nonproliferation regime -- it 's very clear that there 's going to have to be a lot of work on that and that President Obama laid out a very , very important set of goals . amFIX : Your thoughts on the rocket launch Costello : And , you know , there has been some criticism that President Obama turned to the U.N. to try to solve this crisis . I want to read you a quote from Politico . It interviewed Newt Gingrich , the former speaker of the House . I want to read you his quote . Newt Gingrich said , "  The embarrassing repudiation of the United States appeal to the United Nations Security Council Sunday afternoon is a vivid demonstration of weakness . This is beginning to resemble the Carter administration 's weakness in foreign policy . " How would you respond to that ? Albright : Well , I think that it 's just kind of typical of Newt Gingrich , frankly . But the bottom line here is , I think the United States and President Obama has made very clear the leadership of the United States , his concern about , generally , proliferation issues . I think his trip , for instance , laid out a whole set of issues that prove that American leadership is essential , the respect that he gained for American leadership . And I think you 're going to see additional ways that we all work together , because the issues that are out there that have to be dealt with require cooperation , and they will require international organizations and cooperation through NATO and a number of activities . So I 'm very confident that President Obama is going to be able to prove American leadership . Costello : Well , I guess many Americans look at it this way , you know : You talk about sanctions , but sanctions have been instituted against North Korea before , and it has n't really worked . North Korea just seems to kind of do what it wants . You 've met Kim Jong-Il . I mean , what does he want ? Albright : Well , what he wants is respect . And I have to say that part of the problem here is -- and as you mentioned , I met Kim Jong-Il . We were in the middle of negotiations with him . In fact , we had a missile moratorium . And President Bush came in and canceled those talks . It was confusing to everybody . And I do think that what is important now is to get the North Koreans back into the six-party talks , to make it clear to them that the only way that they are going to have respect is to abide by international regulations and to try to deal with the fact that they would be better off if , in fact , they allowed their people to be fed and an economy that functions , rather than be living in this way where poverty is rampant , and hunger , in every way in North Korea , and a leadership that is shaky . But the bottom line is , I think it was a huge mistake for the United States to stop talking to North Korea . And in the interim period , they were able to develop material in order to create nuclear weapons , and so I hope very much that the six-party talks continue . Costello : We 'll see . Madam Secretary , thanks so much for joining us this morning . We appreciate it . Thank you .	Former secretary of state : U.S. made "  huge mistake " stopping talks with North Korea Madeleine Albright says North Korean leader is seeking respect internationally Kim Jong-Il also using rocket launch for internal political reasons , Albright says Albright says President Obama proving U.S. leadership in response to launch
CNN  -- The comparison would probably irk Michael Jackson purists , but it 's easy to see why some of Kilian Martin 's fans liken his fancy footwork to the late "  King of Pop . " The Spanish skateboarder 's stylish 360-degree toe spins , seen through the artful lens of filmmaker and friend Brett Novak , have a mesmerizing quality -- much like the rest of his repertoire . Martin 's artistic flourishes may not be as grandiose as some you 'll witness in a skate park ; you wo n't find the 27-year-old chasing air in halfpipes , for example . His tricks are more delicate , his approach more artistic . "  To me skateboarding is an art form , " Martin tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I 'm able to put my thoughts into it , picture stuff and then draw it ... using the world as my canvas and the skateboard as a brush . " Those canvases , as millions have witnessed on YouTube , range from abandoned train station ticket halls and derelict water parks to art galleries and deserted cityscapes in the U.S. , Asia and Europe -- the place where Martin 's skateboarding odyssey started . Born and raised in Madrid , skating did n't figure much in his early childhood . Like most kids he played soccer but also competed as a gymnast and enjoyed surfing on family vacations in the Canary Islands . The athleticism learned at the gym has clearly informed his skating style , but it was a love of the waves that ultimately influenced his future . "  When I was in Madrid I could n't surf , so I thought that skateboarding could help my surfing , " he explains . "  That 's basically why I started skating . Then I got hooked ... and I stopped going to gymnastics when I was 16 years old . I love skateboarding because of the creative side of it . There 's so much variety , so much you can do . " Streets ahead Martin has made his name in a branch of skating called street freestyle made famous by U.S. pro legend Rodney Mullen . Often referred to as the godfather of the genre , Mullen invented numerous moves in the 1980s which are now commonplace today , including the flatground ollie and a host of flip tricks . "  Freestyle skateboarding is pretty much how skateboarding started , " says Martin . "  In freestyle skating there are n't really any rules and you can skate however you want . What I do is mix that freestyle skating with the streets  doing  spins , handstands and rail tricks on obstacles . " Initially , he plied his trade as a competition skater but after winning the 2010 World Cup freestyle in Paderborn , Germany he switched to making films . None are particularly long -- most last around five minutes -- but all are jam-packed with tricks that Martin makes look easy . But the reality is often rather different . "  Sometimes I 'll be trying tricks hundreds of times and I 'll be completely exhausted and not really wanting to do it anymore but I push myself , " he reveals . There is also the task of knitting separate tricks together into a flowing sequence -- which is not easy in freestyle , a discipline sometimes derided for being a jerky , stop-start affair . "  Sometimes I 'll have my eyes closed and picture myself  doing a trick  . As I am filming it my mind and  visualizing  how it looks , I start to think of tricks I 've done before and how I can keep the flow and how I can make a variation , " Martin explains . Evolving tricks is just as important as creating new ones , he says , pointing to his embellishment of the "  daffy " -- an old and relatively simple maneuver where a skater straddles two boards , riding one behind the other . "  I 've been able through the years to take that trick from flat ground to obstacles and come up with some ideas  integrating  the ollie , heelflip and going backwards . It 's something that I 'm proud of , " he says . Magnum Opus Martin 's talent has led to some unique opportunities , like skating to George Bizet 's "  Carmen , " in a commercial for a brand of whisky . He teamed up with a choreographer Miguel Elias for the two-day shoot at the Avenida Theater in Buenos Aires , Argentina at the end of last year . "  When I was skating Elias was giving me ideas . It was something very new to me . I listen when people give me suggestions for new tricks but a lot of the time it does n't make sense because they 're not skaters , " Martin says . "  But a lot of what he was saying was making sense ... he came up for an idea for a wall trick . I was like ` wow , ' this guy has so much style . Afterwards , I had a whole new respect for him . " More recently , Martin has hooked up with his buddy Novak again to shoot the next installment of his freestyle adventures . Life could not be better for the Spaniard , who is now based in California -- the cradle of the sport . "  What really makes me happy is making skate videos , " he says . "  My goal is to develop my skating , basically take it to another level . It 's not really about changing skateboarding , but changing my own skateboarding . "  It 's something that I want to do for the rest of my life , as long as I have legs ... well even if I do n't , 'cause I 'll do a handstand ! " Read more : The ` Frog King ' who spawned a golden legacy Read more : The rise of the ` new Nadia Comaneci '	Kilian Martin 's atmospheric videos are a massive internet hit Spanish skater 's elegant "  dance " moves likened to pop star Michael Jackson Martin was a junior gymnast but got hooked on skating at age of 16 The 27-year-old is noted for his development of tricks including the "  daffy "
CNN  -- Three of the seven victims of a highway attack this week in the Mexican state of Veracruz were American citizens , officials said . A mother and her two daughters , dual Mexican-U.S. citizens who lived in Fort Worth , Texas , were aboard one of three buses that were attacked by gunmen in the city of Panuco , in the northern part of Veracruz . "  We express our deepest condolences to their family and friends during this difficult time , " State Department spokeswoman Neda Brown said . A Mexican official in the state of Hidalgo , the hometown of the mother , identified the Americans as Maria Sanchez Hernandez and her two daughters , Karla , 19 , and Cristina , 13 . The buses were on a road between the towns of Tempoal and Panuco near the border of Veracruz and Tamaulipas , Mexican and U.S. government officials said . CNN.com : More violence in Veracruz An American consulate general statement warned American citizens to "  exercise caution and remain vigilant when traveling in the state of Veracruz . American citizens residing in , visiting or traveling through the northern portion of Veracruz that borders Tamaulipas and San Luis Potosi should maintain a heightened sense of alert . " Inter-city road travel at night should be avoided , the consulate general said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Seven people were killed in a highway attack this week Three of the victims are identified as Americans
CNN  -- South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius was involved in a nightclub dispute over the weekend , after another patron "  started to aggressively interrogate him " on matters relating to his murder trial , his spokeswoman says . Reports of the incident and subsequent tweets by Pistorius -- his first activity on Twitter since the one-year anniversary of his girlfriend 's death -- have grabbed headlines in South Africa and around the world . Pistorius , 27 , is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , 29 , on February 14 , 2013 . The Olympic sprinter admits firing the bullets that killed Steenkamp , but denies murder , saying he mistakenly thought he was defending himself from an intruder . South African media reported Monday that Pistorius had been involved in an altercation Saturday at the VIP Room in the Sandton area of Johannesburg . Pistorius ' spokeswoman Anneliese Burgess confirmed to CNN Tuesday that her client had been at the venue with one of his cousins , sitting in a VIP section , when he was approached by another patron . "  The individual , according to my client , started to aggressively interrogate him on matters relating to the trial . An argument ensued during which my client asked to be left alone , " she said . "  Oscar soon thereafter left the club with his cousin . My client regrets the decision to go to a public space and thereby inviting unwelcome attention . " The day after the incident , Pistorius tweeted a photo montage showing him with children on prosthetics or stumps . The text accompanying the photos reads , "  You have the ability to make a difference in someones life . Sometimes it 's the simple things you say or do that can make someone feel better or inspire them . " This was followed by a second tweet , in which the sprinter posted a photographed passage from "  Man 's Search for Meaning , " a book by Holocaust survivor Viktor Frankl . The text says love is the "  ultimate and highest goal " and describes how a man with nothing "  may still find bliss ... in the contemplation of his beloved . " "  In a position of utter desolation , when a man can not express himself in positive action , when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way -- an honorable way -- in such a position man can , through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved , achieve fulfillment , " it says . Pistorius posted a third tweet Monday , a prayer written across a photo of a misty river -- credited to the Christian website crosswalk.com . The text reads : "  Lord , today I ask that you bathe those who live in pain in the river of your healing . Amen . " The postings have prompted messages of support , bewilderment and condemnation on the social media site , with some Twitter users questioning why Pistorius had visited a nightclub while on trial . Pistorius ' murder trial has been adjourned until August 7 , when closing arguments are scheduled to begin .	Oscar Pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013 Pistorius admits killing Steenkamp but denies murder , saying he mistook her for an intruder He was involved in a dispute at a nightclub Saturday , his spokeswoman says Pistorius subsequently posted a series of tweets , his first activity on Twitter since February
Cleveland  CNN  -- Bicycles . Barbed wire . A chain . Those are of just some of the items found in kidnapping suspect Ariel Castro 's Cleveland yard , according to photographs taken over the weekend by a neighbor and obtained by CNN . The neighbor asked not to be identified and said that he took the photographs because he wants people to know what 's there . The images show a cluttered yard . Inside Cleveland 's haunted house A garage sits in the background , while basketball nets , a ladder and what looks to be a pile of debris rest in the foreground . One of the photographs shows a thick spool of barbed wire ; another shows a chain . Bicycles , clearly meant for children , can be seen into other images . From the photographs alone , it 's impossible to know whether any of the items in the yard are related to Castro 's case . But at the least , they help to paint a picture of how he lived . Castro brothers : Ariel is "  a monster " The photographs show that Castro , or someone , went to some pains to shield what was happening in the house from the outside world . The windows are boarded up , and a bright blue tarp stands at attention near the garage . The photographs also show a small mirror hung on Castro 's back door . Its position would allow someone to stand there and see someone coming up the driveway . Opinion : Castro 's alleged abuse , sadism all too common Castro , 52 , is charged with four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape . He 's accused of abducting Michelle Knight , now 32 , in August 2002 ; Amanda Berry , now 27 , a day before her 17th birthday in April 2003 ; and Gina DeJesus , now 23 , in April 2004 . DNA tests revealed a daughter born to Berry six years ago was fathered by Castro . According to a family friend of the DeJesus family who has visited Gina since her release , the woman seems in "  good spirits . " How the horror unfolded She is happier now , bouncing around the house like her old self , the friend said , adding that Gina had a tough time the first couple of days . The friend said that Gina is asking for her old friends to visit . She 's afraid of leaving the house for fear of being bombarded by people , the friend said . Castro remains in a Cleveland jail on $ 8 million bond . On Monday , CNN affiliate WKYC posted jail logs showing his activity since Thursday . Castro is on suicide prevention watch , standard procedure for high-profile inmates . He can not interact with other inmates and does not have their privileges . Castro is checked on every 10 minutes . Mostly , the logs show him doing mundane activities -- "  resting on mat , " "  eating chow , " and "  making Kool-Aid . " Though some entries stand out . "  Inmate is walking around cell naked , " read one . How did it happen in this Cleveland neighborhood ? CNN 's Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	Jail logs show what Castro has been up to since Thursday He is charged with four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape The images of Castro 's Cleveland backyard show bicycles , barbed wire and a chain The photos were taken over the weekend by a neighbor
CNN  -- Authorities arrested Google 's top executive in Brazil Wednesday after officials said he violated the South American country 's election law when he did n't take down online videos that allegedly slandered a political candidate . An arrest warrant in the southwest state of Mato Grosso do Sul accuses Fabio Jose Silva Coelho , Google 's president in Brazil , of "  disobedience " for not removing YouTube videos about a local mayoral candidate . Federal police arrested Coelho Wednesday , but described the alleged crime as a "  minor offense " and said he would be released on his own recognizance after signing a commitment paper to appear in court . CNN affiliate Band News reported that he had been released Wednesday evening . A Google spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment . In court documents , the company argues that it is n't responsible for the contents of the videos on the Google-owned YouTube site and asks for the case to be dismissed . Under Brazilian law , the penalty for disobeying a judge 's order could be up to a year in prison , federal police said . Earlier this month , another company executive faced a similar order in the northern state of Paraiba for a video that allegedly slandered a mayoral candidate there . That case was dismissed after Google successfully convinced the judge that it was not responsible for the contents of the video but simply provided a platform for its diffusion . In August , Facebook faced an order to remove a page criticizing a political candidate or be forced to go dark in the country for 24 hours . The judge in that case suspended his decision two days after it was issued . Many Obamas on the ballot in Brazilian elections Opinion : Should Google censor an anti-Islam video ? Judge : YouTube does n't have to take down anti-Islam video	NEW : Authorities release Google 's president in Brazil after arrest An arrest warrant accuses Fabio Jose Silva Coelho of "  disobedience " He was asked to remove videos that allegedly slandered a mayoral candidate Google argues that it is n't responsible for the YouTube videos ' content
CNN  -- Seattle Seahawks routed Denver Broncos Sunday 43-8 in one of the most one-sided contests in Super Bowl history to win the coveted Vince Lombardi trophy for the first time . AFC Champion Denver was undone by a toxic combination of Seattle 's ruthless defense and its own errors , with famed quarterback Peyton Manning having a night to forget . He was intercepted twice as Seattle took an early stranglehold on the game while his inexperienced opposite Russell Wilson hardly put a foot wrong in an assured display . Allied to the powerful running , epitomized by inspired wide receiver Percy Harvin , the result was five touchdowns to a single score by Denver and the contest was effectively over by halftime as the NFC Champions took complete control . By then linebacker Malcolm Smith had intercepted a wayward Manning pass to return 69 yards and he was to be named MVP although in truth there were many candidates for the honor . "  This is an amazing team , " Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said . "  These guys would never take anything but winning this game . " Wilson , 25 , was answering his critics in only his second year in the NFL . "  It feels great to win this title , " he said . The franchise owner Paul Allen , the Microsoft co-founder , said it was an "  amazing feeling " to win the 48th edition of the Super Bowl . Seattle had been beaten in its only previous Super Bowl appearance by Pittsburgh in 2006 . Fears of freezing conditions which had dominated the pre-match talk proved unfounded with the kickoff temperature of 49 degrees  9.4 Celsius  positively balmy . It was 10 degrees warmer than the coldest-ever Super Bowl from 1972 in New Orleans , but Manning and his team were caught cold from the very start . Denver made a hash of its first offensive drive . Broncos center Manny Ramirez 's snap flew over Manning 's head and Knowshon Moreno was forced to dive on the ball in his own end zone for a safety and two points for Seattle . Manning shook his head as he returned to the bench and he proceeded to spend much of the opening quarter warming his seat as Seattle took a stranglehold . But the Broncos defense held up well to at least deny Seattle a touchdown , the further scoring coming from a pair of field goals from Steven Hauschka to make it 8-0 . Towards the end first quarter Manning was intercepted by Seattle safety Kam Chancellor at the Denver 39 . It eventually led to the first touchdown for Seattle as Marshawn Lynch forced his way over from close range , showing typical strength . It got worse for the 37-year-old veteran Manning as Seattle pressure forced him into another errant and off balance pass which was intercepted by Smith . He ran it back 69 yards for the second TD for the Seahawks and with the extras from Hauschka it was 22-0 at the half . It was scarcely believable that a team which had set an NFL scoring record with 606 points in regular season had failed to make a 20-yard play during the opening half and Super Bowl history was against a team coming back from such a deficit . Denver was left with 30 minutes to reflect on its disastrous start as Hawaiian singer Bruno Mars delighted 82,000 fans in the Metlife Stadium in the much vaunted halftime show . The clean cut Mars rounded off his solo act with his song "  Treasure " before being joined by rockers The Red Hot Chili Peppers for their "  Give It Away " -- which ironically summed up some of Denver 's efforts on the pitch . The combination certainly did rock but the corporations paying up to $ 4 million for an advertising slot during the Super Bowl must have been hoping for a revival by the Broncos for fear of the team 's supporters switching off their televisions in disgust . Some hope . It got even worse straight from the kickoff as the quicksilver Percy Harvin returned for fully 87 yards for the Seahawks to effectively end the game as a contest . Harvin had played only two games all season after injury , but danced through a jaded Denver defense to score his team 's third and decisive touchdown . Seattle quarterback Wilson had played a quietly effective game and his pass found Jermaine Kearse , who eluded some more weak defense to add the fourth TD towards the end of the third quarter before Demaryius Thomas finally got Denver on the scoreboard . He picked off a pass from Manning -- his 12th catch a Super Bowl record -- but it was to prove too little too late as his team trailed 36-8 going into the final quarter . A chance to salvage further pride was snuffed out at the start of the fourth when Wilson found Doug Baldwin just short of the end zone and he wriggled his way through . It completed the scoring with the Seattle celebrations started well in advance of the final whistle -- coach Carroll getting the traditional dowsing from his charges . By contrast , it proved a miserable night for his Denver counterpart John Fox , whose hopes of a reported $ 1 million winning bonus were in tatters almost from the first play , while the result will throw Manning 's future in doubt , with talk of retirement .	Seattle Seahawks wins Super Bowl XLVIII Beats Denver Broncos 43-8 in New Jersey Seattle defense strangles Denver quarterback Peyton Manning Five touchdowns for Seattle in dominant display
CNN Student News  -- June 3 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : • Massachusetts Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hey ! I 'm Carl Azuz , and you 're watching CNN Student News ! This is our last show of the school year , and we 're gon na get things started with a little help from our friends . BEGIN VIDEO ROBERT ALLEN , TERRA LINDA HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : One , two , three ... hit it ! MRS. LONG 'S STUDENTS : Start your tractor , Carl ! CARMEN SMITH  DOROTHY  , CARSYN WHITEHEAD  TIN MAN  , ALLYSON BROWN  COWARDLY LION  , STEPHANI PAYNE  SCARECROW  : You are about to enter the wonderful world of the wizard . ALLEN : Ladies , fellows , girls and boys ... join me please and make some noise . CENTENNIAL HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS : -LSB- DRUMMING ON DESKS -RSB- CLAIRE BALDACCI , IREPORTER : Hi , I 'm Claire . I might not be Carl Azuz , but this is an exciting edition of CNN Student News . BRYAN GARCIA , IREPORTER : -LSB- Swish -RSB- ... and you 're watching CNN Student News . VAL AND HALLIE , IREPORTERS : Take it away , Carl ! Hey , wait up ! LESTER STO . NINO , IREPORTER : You are watching CNN Student News ! END VIDEO First Up : Northeast Tornadoes AZUZ : First up , we 're looking at some of today 's headlines , starting with tornadoes in Massachusetts . Several twisters hit the state on Wednesday , and Springfield -- one of the largest cities in Massachusetts -- was hit badly . At least two tornadoes touched down there . You can see some of the damage that was left behind . At least four people were killed . Dozens of other people were injured . Rescue workers were going door-to-door early Thursday looking for survivors . This could be a record year for tornadoes , but you do n't see too many of them up in Massachusetts . That 's part of the reason why these storms made such an impact . SEN. JOHN KERRY ,  D  MASSACHUSETTS : And magnitude , when you see those houses flattened , really hits you . In 45 years of public service , I have never seen this kind of damage or devastation in Massachusetts . And as many of the residents said to me , "  This is Massachusetts , this is not supposed to happen here . " And it never has to our recollection . New Food Plate AZUZ : For a while now , U.S. nutrition standards have been based off different versions of the food pyramid . A lot of people say the pyramid was too confusing . So yesterday , officials ditched the pyramid for a plate . It 's called "  MyPlate , " and it 's the government 's new standard for nutrition . About half of the plate , half of what the government says people should be eating , is made up of fruits and vegetables . Whole grains and lean protein make up the other half , with a side of dairy . Officials hope that simplifying the standards this way will help Americans eat better . A lot of health experts agree it 's better than the old pyramid . But some say that the new MyPlate does n't give people enough information to make the best choices . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to all of the students and teachers who watch CNN Student News ! Which of these headlines came first ? Here we go ! Was it : A  Earthquake strikes Japan , B  Revolution in Egypt , C  Chilean miners rescued or D  U.S. holds Midterm Elections ? Three seconds on the clock -- GO ! The Chilean miners were rescued before any of these other stories happened . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Top Stories of the School Year AZUZ : Those were some of the biggest stories that made headlines during this school year . We 're going to take a look back now at the top stories from 2010 - 2011 , and we 're including some of your comments along the way . Set your clocks back to August , and here we go . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : From Grace : Being a military child myself , I know that many families across America have been affected by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . It is really hard to go through a deployment when you have a loved one fighting in the war . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Daddy ! U.S. VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN : Our goal , our goal is not just a physically secure Iraq , but an economically and prosperous and stable one as well . AZUZ : From Megan : The rescue of the Chilean miners was one of the most touching stories reported during the whole year . The rescue was so breathtaking and the reactions of everyone were so sincere . TOM FOREMAN , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : August 5th ; 2 in the afternoon ; 2,300 feet underground , a shaft collapses in the San Jose copper and gold mine . 33 miners are somewhere behind the rubble , their condition unknown . The Chilean president promises every effort to rescue them . Finally , after more than 2 months buried alive , salvation . ANDERSON COOPER , CNN ANCHOR : Never has a man been underground so long and gotten out alive . GROUP : Chi ! Le ! Chi Chi Chi ... Le Le Le ! Viva Chile ! AZUZ : From Ryan : During the U.S. midterm elections , I started to wish I could vote . I got excited to see who would win or lose the elections . REP. JOHN BOEHNER ,  R  OHIO , HOUSE SPEAKER : Let me just say this : It 's clear tonight who the winners really are , and that 's the American people . SEN. HARRY REID ,  D  NEVADA , MAJORITY LEADER : This race has been called , but the fight is far from over . The bell that just rang is n't the end of the fight , it 's the start of the next round . AZUZ : From Danielle : In my honest opinion , I think that our country has not improved in the economy . Gas prices have continued to rise , and your everyday tools prices are soaring . Many prices on things are unbelievable . From Mo 's class : We believe that the upheaval in Arab nations was a top story because it affected the whole world . After these events , our class started to pay more attention to the news . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : We will die for our freedom ! MOAMMAR GADHAFI , LIBYAN LEADER : We will be victorious in this fight . AZUZ : From Kazumi : I live in Tokyo , so the tsunami was really shocking to me . Japan is getting over the damage . We are so grateful for the help and prayers from all over the world . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Oh , my God ! AZUZ : From Lexi : Every night I pray that the people whose lives have been impacted from the natural disasters get better . COOPER : We 're talking about the deadliest tornado season since 1953 , that 's what we 're experiencing right now . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It 's something you do n't want to experience . You do n't want to experience nothing like this . It ai n't a good feeling , it ai n't nothing you can do about it . AZUZ : From Juliana : When Osama bin Laden died , I thought it was probably the biggest story reported this year . Considering he was the starter of a terrorist group and the cause of 9/11 , I do think justice was done . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : I can report to the American people and to the world that the United States has conducted an operation that killed Osama bin Laden , the leader of al Qaeda , and a terrorist who 's responsible for the murder of thousands of innocent men , women and children . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Okay , before we go , you know we always like to have a little pun at the end of our show . I 've chosen my top 5 favorite puns of the school year . And right now , you get to sit through every punful one of them again . Let 's goose this up ! When a bird joined a couple canines on their walk through the park , we had to give it wings on the air . After all , what 's good for a goose is good for a gander . Okay , then , there was this zip-line over a reptile pit . To protect the people , you 'd think they 'd have a gate or something . To protect the reptiles , you 'd need a little gator aid ! When a retriever took some ducklings under her wing -- or paw -- you could see she did n't duck any responsibility . It would n't fit the bill . And as far as duck puns go , you 've got to admit they quack you up . And after a group of presidential mascots took off running -- that 's running a race , not ` running a race ' -- you want a clean match . Anything less elects a commander-in-cheat . My favorite had to be this one , though . Back in August , we showed a butterfly causing a bunch of penguins to flip out . Now , we could 've talked about the butterfly effect , said this was frightless versus flightless , said the butterfly ruled them like a monarch . But instead , we settled on this : the pupa becomes the master . Goodbye AZUZ : Sure , they might bug you from time to time , but you know we larva good pun here at CNN Student News . All right . As we sign off for the summer , we want to thank all of you who watch and use our show . Especially those of you who have sent us iReports , Shoutout requests ; those of you who 've posted on our blog ; those of you who 've visited our Facebook page . We hope you 'll check out CNNStudentNews.com over the summer . We 'll be putting some special shows up every week while we 're on break . From all of us here at CNN Student News , have an amazingly awesome summer , and take care .	Hear about the impact of deadly tornadoes that hit Massachusetts Find out why U.S. nutrition guidelines are getting a new icon Look back at some of the biggest stories from this school year Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Washington  CNN  -- The first living Medal of Honor recipient since the Vietnam War says his receiving the prestigious award is bittersweet . "  All of this is great , " U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Salvatore Giunta said during a teleconference Wednesday . "  But it does bring back a lot of memories of people that I would love to share this moment with . And I am just not going to have this opportunity because they are no longer with us . " Giunta said the day his unit came under attack was quiet and started out like any other day in Afghanistan . "  We are all soldiers and we are all out on a mission , " he said . Giunta , 25 , was a specialist serving with the Airborne 503 Infantry Regiment on his second tour of duty in Afghanistan when his unit was attacked on the night of October 25 , 2007 . He recalls himself as an average soldier , saying he did n't do anything that someone else would n't have done . According to Defense Department documents seen by CNN , Giunta and his fellow soldiers were walking back to base along the top of a mountain ridge when the enemy attacked from their front and their left . Taliban fighters barraged the Americans with AK-47s , rocket propelled grenades and Soviet era large machine guns . Giunta saw several of his fellow soldiers go down . He ran forward throwing grenades and returning enemy fire to help one soldier who had been shot but was still fighting . Then he noticed one of the wounded soldiers was missing . He ran over a hill where moments before Taliban fighters were shooting at him to find his wounded friend , Sgt. Josh Brennan . But now he was alone , out of sight of his fellow soldiers , in an area that the Taliban had controlled just moments before . Giunta saw two Taliban fighters dragging Brennan away . He ran after them , killing one Taliban and wounding the other , who ran away . He instantly started providing first aid to Brennan , who had been shot at least six times . Brennan was later evacuated by a helicopter to a hospital , but he died of his wounds . Giunta himself was shot twice in the incident , with one round hitting his body armor and the second destroying a weapon slung over his back . He was not seriously hurt . His quick response to the Taliban attack helped his unit repulse the enemy fighters before they could cause more casualties , the Defense Department documents note . Giunta said his actions were not something he thought about but something he was trained to do . "  After the medevac bird comes in and starts picking people up , it 's not over , you 're not out of Afghanistan , you 're not off the side of the mountain , you 're just minus some buddies and there 's no time to talk , you still have to complete the mission , " he said . Giunta 's wife , Jenny , sat beside him during the teleconference from the base Giunta is stationed at in Vicenza , Italy . She said she is proud of her husband . The two married last November and are unsure about what the future will bring . Jenny Giunta said she hopes her husband does not deploy again . "  Having your husband ... your loved one get deployed and knowing that they 're going to be somewhere that 's dangerous ... . It 's an awful feeling , " she said .	NEW : Staff Sgt. Giunta says he did only what anyone else would have done People he would like to share the honor with "  are no longer with us , " he says His actions help reduce casualties for his unit , the Defense Department says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House Office of Administration is not required to turn over records about a trove of possibly missing e-mails , a federal judge ruled Monday . The White House Office of Administration is not bound by the Freedom of Information Act , a judge says . The ruling by U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly found the agency does not have "  substantial independent authority " so it is not subject to the Freedom of Information Act . The decision means the White House does not have to disclose documents relating to its troubled e-mail system . That system developed problems that may have caused millions of White House e-mails to be unaccounted for . The watchdog organization Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington had sued under FOIA . The group expressed disappointment in the ruling and said it is appealing the decision . "  The Bush administration is using the legal system to prevent the American people from discovering the truth about the millions of missing White House e-mails , " said Melanie Sloan , the organization 's executive director . In January , the White House said it can not rule out that it may have lost certain e-mails . The possibly lost e-mails are from a period in which the United States decided to go to war with Iraq , White House officials leaked the identity of CIA officer Valerie Plame and the Justice Department started a criminal investigation into who leaked the information . The White House has denied any evidence , including e-mails , have been destroyed .	Office of Administration not subject to the Freedom of Information Act , judge rules Watchdog group wants records possibly related to millions of missing e-mail Some White House e-mails missing from period when CIA operative 's identity leaked
CNN  -- The George Zimmerman trial has made one thing crystal clear . When racial issues arise , we tend to unquestionably cheer for our own race like it 's a sporting match . There 's little regard for the arguments or feelings of those from another race . Is the racial empathy gap in America growing ? It seems so . At least judging by the chatter of comments surrounding the trial . I heard repeatedly the statement from some Zimmerman supporters -- including a radio show host on Monday morning who is far from being a racist -- that "  94 % of black murder victims were killed by other blacks . " So instead of being empathetic to the Martin family -- whose son Trayvon was killed by Zimmerman -- the words discounted the killing by essentially saying that black people kill each other so much so why should we care about this one black kid ? It does n't end there . There were speculations that there will be riots by the black community should Zimmerman be found not guilty . As CNN 's Don Lemon rightly pointed out Friday , these warnings basically label blacks as "  barbarians " who "  ca n't contain themselves . " On the other side , some people of color despicably threatened to harm or even kill Zimmerman after he was acquitted . No matter what race you belong to , you have to admit this lack of concern for other races need to be addressed . Sure , there were people protesting the Zimmerman verdict other than blacks , but overall they were few and in between .  Keep in mind that 75 % of America 's population is white . And when I say we lack racial empathy , I 'm not talking about feeling sorry for a race because of their "  plight . " I mean true empathy -- "  the ability to understand and share the feelings of another . " Racial empathy means being able to honestly contemplate what it would be like to be a member of a different race . Psychologists have noted that this type of empathy fosters conflict resolution . Opening yourself to understanding why the other side believes what it does can help you find common ground . Of course , this is not easy . It requires you to , at least temporarily , stop self-righteously dismissing competing arguments . You do n't have to agree with the opposing views , but you should listen and try to understand them . But when was the last time you heard leaders of community groups -- regardless of race -- say : "  Let 's look at from the other side ? " I have n't . A recent important study on racial empathy offers insights on the tangible consequences of our failure to identify with other races . Researchers found that participants believed that black people felt less physical pain when subjected to the same injury as white people because blacks "  have faced more hardship . " In other words , the study shows that people are quicker to dismiss the suffering of blacks than of whites because black people have historically suffered more challenges like "  higher rates of diseases , disability and premature death . " The alarming conclusion is that this leads "  to racial bias and potentially disastrous outcomes  e.g. , condoning policy brutality against blacks , underestimating and undertreating black patients ' pain  . " There 's no simple fortune cookie piece of advice out there on how we can become more open and honest . But we can start simple . How can we increase our racial sympathy ? Let 's look at issues from the vantage point of another race : Why are they angry ? Why are they afraid ? What would you feel like if you lived in a community where the crime you see is committed almost exclusively by one race ? Conversely , how would you feel if you were repeatedly profiled by the police and society simply because of your skin color ? If we do n't get past the knee jerking defensiveness when discussing race , we will likely be burying more Trayvon Martins . Let 's try to stop the tragedies before they happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Zimmerman trial shows that people see issues along racial lines Obeidallah : We need more racial empathy so that we can reduce tragedies and anger He says psychology studies show that more empathy can foster conflict resolution Obeidallah : We can start by trying to see what it would be like to belong to a different race
CNN  -- For the second golf major in a row , Tiger Woods will be missing . The world No. 3 and 14-time major champion announced Wednesday he would miss the U.S. Open as he continued his recovery from back surgery . Woods went under the knife to repair a pinched nerve in March and also missed the first major of the year -- The Masters -- in April . The 38-year-old 's last major victory came at the 2008 U.S. Open but in a statement on his official website , he said he would not be competing at Pinehurst in North Carolina next month . "  Unfortunately , I wo n't be there because I 'm not yet physically able to play competitive golf , " Woods said . "  I 'd like to convey my regrets to the USGA leadership , the volunteers and the fans that I wo n't be at Pinehurst . "  The U.S. Open is very important to me , and I know it 's going to be a great week . "  Despite missing the first two majors , and several other important tournaments , I remain very optimistic about this year and my future . " Injury hampered Woods ' early months of the season and he has not competed on the PGA Tour since early March . This will be the sixth major championship he has skipped through injury , his absence at Augusta the first time he 'd missed The Masters since making his debut there as an amateur in 1995 . Stuck on 14 majors since 2008 , he will now have only two more chances this season to close in on Jack Nicklaus ' record haul of 18 . Despite being absent for several months Woods has only recently relinquished his world No. 1 ranking , to Australia 's Adam Scott .	Golf star Tiger Woods announces he will not play at the U.S. Open World No. 3 is still recovering after undergoing back surgery in March The last of Woods 14 major wins came at the U.S Open in 2008 Woods : "  I wo n't be there because I 'm not yet physically able to play competitive golf "
CNN  -- Pakistanis cast ballots in Karachi on Sunday , a day after the slaying of a well-known political leader who had accused rivals of vote rigging . As voters headed to polls , accusations flew over Zahra Shahid Hussain 's death . Sources said an execution-style attack on the eve of the election killed Hussain , a senior vice president of the Tehreek-e-Insaf party , or PTI . The party made headlines after nationwide elections on May 11 , alleging vote rigging in Karachi and elsewhere . Amid the allegations , election officials held a revote Sunday for one National Assembly seat and two Provincial Assembly seats in Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city . Unofficial results from the country 's election commission showed that PTI candidate Arif Alvi won the National Assembly seat . Former cricket star Imran Khan , who heads the PTI party , blamed the leader of the rival MQM party for Hussain 's death , accusing him of making inflammatory speeches threatening PTI workers and leaders . "  I hold  MQM leader  Altaf Hussain directly responsible for the murder , " Khan said in a Twitter post . Officials from the MQM , one of Pakistan 's largest and most liberal parties , denied responsibility and sharply criticized Khan . "  The comments are absolutely baseless and are totally without foundation , made out of frustration from a man who has lost the election , " said Mohammed Anwar , head of international relations for the MQM . Anwar said Altaf Hussain , the MQM 's London-based leader , was the first person to condemn the killing . Khan 's comments , Anwar said , show a man lashing out . "  Within minutes of the murder , he was making accusations , " Anwar said . "  How did he found out so quickly after the event and issue a statement ? " MQM leaders called for a protest against Khan 's "  hasty " allegations . The long road ahead for Pakistan 's comeback king : Nawaz Sharif Political killings escalating Pakistan has seen a rise in targeted killings in recent years across the political spectrum . A gunman on a motorbike killed a parliamentary candidate and his young child in March in Karachi . Sadiq Zaman Khattak , a representative of the liberal , anti-Taliban Awami National Party , was leaving a mosque with his 4-year-old son when an assassin shot them both . No one owned up to the attack , but the Taliban have threatened Khattak 's party and have claimed responsibility for some deadly attacks against its members and other politicians . On the day Khattak was killed , gunmen elsewhere ambushed and killed a top prosecutor , Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali . At the time , he was trying a case stemming from the death of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , who had been assassinated while campaigning for her party . Ali was heading to court when attackers opened fire on his car as it passed through an Islamabad neighborhood . The ambush also wounded his bodyguard , whom authorities assigned to protect him after he received threats from the Pakistani Taliban . Meanwhile on Sunday , family , friends and members of the PTI party attended Hussain 's funeral . She was buried not far from her home in Karachi . Pakistan votes : Key moments of a turbulent past British police investigating Since 1991 , the MQM political movement 's leader has lived in London . Altaf Hussain sought political asylum in the United Kingdom "  because of an attack on his life , " according to a statement on the party 's website . London 's Metropolitan Police Service said Sunday that it was investigating complaints about alleged comments made by someone associated with the MQM but did not provide additional details . "  We are in the early stages of the investigation and are assessing the information which has now been brought to our attention , " the agency said in a statement . "  We take all allegations of crime seriously and will respond appropriately to the concerns raised and will take action where appropriate . " The British Foreign Office condemned the Pakistani political leader 's murder . "  We are deeply saddened by the recent violence in the city , including violence murderously directed against democratic political figures , " a Foreign Office spokesman said . CNN 's Shaan Khan , Aliza Kassim and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Family and friends bury Zahra Shahid Hussain The Pakistani political leader was killed outside her home in Karachi The rival MQM party denies responsibility and condemns the killing A revote is held in parts of Karachi after vote-rigging accusations
CNN  -- In some ways , it 's not surprising that Russians were happy to vote Vladimir Putin back into the presidency in 2012 . After all , the economy grew by an average of 7 % from Putin 's emergence in 1999 as a national politician , through his first two terms as president until May 2008 , while real incomes more than doubled . Pensions were paid , and Putin had been able to brag in his last annual address to the Federal Assembly that "  not only has Russia now made a full turnaround after years of industrial decline , it has become one of the world 's ten biggest economies . " It may have been Putin 's bellicose rhetoric and shirtless photo opportunities that grabbed headlines overseas , but the fact is , his popularity was fundamentally based on the perception of growing prosperity for Russian citizens . The problem for Putin now is that the remarkably felicitous combination of economic factors that fueled his popularity for so long seems to be crumbling around him . Tumbling oil prices have been one factor . Oil production increased 50 % from 1999 to 2004 , providing a real boon to the country 's coffers as the oil price soared to a peak of over $ 140 a barrel in July 2008  compared with about half that today  . But even while macroeconomic indicators remained robust , there was a consensus among analysts that the previous drivers of Russian economic growth were exhausted , and that the government needed to return to a reform agenda to improve the investment environment , reduce red tape , and curb corruption , among other measures . Unfortunately , since returning to the presidency , Putin and his administration have disregarded this advice . For those of us who studied the Soviet experience in the early 1980s , a period when economic growth was near zero despite a massive windfall of petro-dollars , it started to feel like deja vu all over again . Indeed , by early 2014 , even before the annexation of Crimea , there were clear signs of further economic deterioration as the ruble fell by 10 % and first quarter capital outflows ballooned to a record rate of $ 50 billion . But over the summer and into the fall , the imposition of serious Western sanctions over Russian aggression in Ukraine and a more than 30 % drop in the oil price have combined to suggest that a perfect storm is finally brewing that may make Putin 's first near-decade in power look like a distant and fond memory . Just as earlier Russian leaders Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin ended up unpopular mainly as a result of economic deprivation , a prolonged economic downturn in Russia would deeply erode the current wave of popularity that Putin is riding after the euphoria of annexing Crimea . The danger to his presidency was underscored as he delivered an aggressive and defiant State of the Union address this past week warning about unnamed enemies  although the U.S. and Europe were the implied targets  seeking to weaken Russia . The rhetoric seemed flat , especially so when juxtaposed with the wave of bad economic news and the fact that he chose not to seriously discuss the challenges the country is facing . How bad have things gotten ? In the past week , the Finance Ministry downgraded expectations of 1.2 % growth in 2015 to a contraction of 0.8 % . Meanwhile , the ruble has lost more than 50 % of its value since the beginning of the year , despite the Russian Central Bank spending more than $ 70 billion to defend it . In fact , by the middle of last month , Russian reserves were $ 103 billion less than at the beginning of the year . Worse , the Finance Ministry 's estimates could actually look optimistic a year from now , as they are based on an $ 80 per barrel oil price . Given the recent growth in production , including U.S. shale oil , the oil price could easily fall further and remain low . Since revenues from oil and gas exports make up about half of the Russian federal budget , Moscow 's capacity to meet existing social welfare obligations -- let alone plans for expanded defense spending -- will be curtailed .  And this does not even account for the increased costs to Moscow related to the annexation of Crimea and its activities in Eastern Ukraine , where a large-scale humanitarian catastrophe is developing as winter sets in . There are already ominous signs of potential social unrest . Protesters marched in 40 cities across Russia last month over planned reductions in health care spending in 2015 of up to 20 % . On December 2 , Putin announced a freeze on government salaries that , in the context of an inflation rate of more than 8 % , will see many facing a significant drop in their salaries . Almost a decade ago , I wrote that Putin was very lucky to emerge at a time of such positive economic conditions , many of which lay beyond his control . The situation today , however , is not so much that luck has turned against him , but that he has failed to address structural weaknesses in the Russian economy even as he conducts a not-so-covert war against his neighbor . When Putin returned to the presidency in 2012 , most Russians and outside observers seemed resigned to at least another 12 years of his leadership , through 2024 . But as things stand , not only do recent events call his re-election in 2018 into question , but if economic decline continues , the Duma elections scheduled for 2016 could shake the system . Any student of Russian history knows that Russia 's path is frequently disrupted by nonlinear events , and today it appears increasingly possible that another could happen even in the next few years . If it does , Putin will end up lying on the dust heap of history . It could n't happen to a nicer guy .	Andrew Kuchins : Growing economy was behind Putin 's popularity Kuchins : Plunging oil prices hitting state coffers There are already ominous signs of potential social unrest , he says
It is safe to go back into the water again -- at least in Scandinavia . A warning over the weekend for male swimmers off the coast of Denmark and Sweden to protect their private parts because of a testicle-munching fish appears to have been a joke that got out of hand . After a Danish fisherman caught a South American pacu among his eels and perch this month , a professor at the Copenhagen Museum of Natural History told men to be careful because the fish sometimes mistake male reproductive organs for tree nuts , one of their favorite foods . "  Anyone choosing to bathe in the Oresund these days had best keep their swimsuits well tied , " Professor Peter Rask Moller said in a Saturday news release about the fish discovery in the strait separating Denmark and Sweden . Wednesday , however , Moller said he was just joking and never meant for his warning to get so much publicity . "  We did say that we recommend men to keep their swimsuits tied up until we know if there are more pacus out there in our waters , " Moller told CNN by e-mail . "  Of course , this is half a joke since it is very unlikely that you would actually meet one here and that it would bite you . It 's up to people themselves how careful they want to be . I 'll keep my shorts on , though . " Finding a pacu , a close relative of the piranha normally found in South America , is unusual so far north . Moller said it was likely dumped in the strait by an amateur aquarium owner or fish farmer . William Fink , a piranha researcher at the University of Michigan who is also curator of fishes at the school 's Museum of Zoology , poured water on the pacu warning . For one thing , he said , pacus are vegetarian -- and there 's no record of them attacking a human . "  They 're fruit eaters . Those big crushing teeth they have is for crushing seeds , " he said . Pacus tend to swim under fruiting trees during high water , waiting for the trees to drop their fruit , seeds and nuts , Fink said . The fish then swim to the surface to eat the tasty morsels . In fact , Fink said , that 's how fishermen catch them : by putting a piece of fruit on the end of a line and letting it float in the water . Pacus swim up to grab it and then get caught . "  The nuts that they 're eating , the fruits that they 're eating , are splashing down from above , and humans do n't act like that when they 're swimming , " Fink said . And unlike piranhas , which have rigid , razor-sharp interlocking teeth , pacus have teeth that resemble human molars and fit together in a similar bite , Fink said . The pacus use those teeth to crush their food , not to rip it apart -- or off . He speculated that the pacu found in Denmark was probably released shortly before it was found because pacu species ca n't survive in either saltwater or chilly temperatures . "  It 's just too cold for pacus to be living there . They certainly would n't make it through the winter , " or even past October , he said . CNN was among numerous news outlets around the world that reported the Danish news release over the weekend , focusing on the special warning for male swimmers . Moller said he only meant to publicize the surprise discovery of a pacu in the Baltic and to advise the public that the fish can be invasive and possibly dangerous . "  The story about the ` nuts ' was never meant to be the headline . But it certainly got people 's attention , " Moller told CNN . "  I 'm sorry if it has caused you any trouble . It was a bit of a joke , but I still will keep my swimsuits tied up , and I will never swim in an aquarium with these fishes . "	A Danish professor said a South American fish was found in Danish waters He said the fish may attack male private parts , but now he says it was a joke A fish expert says the fish are vegetarian and do n't swim in saltwater There is no record of them attacking humans , the expert says
CNN  -- Apple 's new CEO is no Steve Jobs , says Atari co-founder Nolan Bushnell , who first met Jobs when his company employed him in 1974 as a $ 5-an-hour developer . "  If I were to choose somebody to run international manufacturing and processing and keep the wheels on the bus , Tim Cook is about as good as anybody can get , " said Bushnell . "  But I just feel like somebody needs to stick a little bit of dynamite under his left cheek . " Bushnell is author of the new book , "  Finding the Next Steve Jobs : How to Find , Keep and Nurture Talent . " He spoke to CNN about his former employee 's legacy -- just days before the second anniversary of Jobs ' death on October 5 , 2011 -- and what it will take for a new tech visionary to emerge today . To be sure , Apple continues to succeed . Its new iPhone 5S models sold more than 9 million units in their first weekend , and the company has earned praise for overhauling its iOS mobile operating system . But Bushnell , who also founded the Chuck E. Cheese 's pizza franchise , said profits today are n't the same , or even as important , as success tomorrow . "  I have a feeling -- and this is a funny thing that happens with people who are very buttoned down -- that  Cook  probably thinks he 's innovating , when in fact it 's just micro-evolution , " he said . "  They were able to build  the new iPhones  cheaper , which is something I would expect Tim Cook to do . "  But the market cap of Apple is underpinned by its innovation margin , " Bushnell said , which he believes "  has a shelf life of maybe three to five years . Then , all of a sudden , the followers have matched you feature by feature . " Bushnell is more impressed with Google 's approach , which focuses on testing new products and ideas even when some might fail . It may lead to some clunkers , but it 's also produced things like a self-driving car and the Google Glass connected headset . Bushnell says Google Glass might not be a huge seller , but it represents a big step toward creating the technology of the future . "  I use some Apple products and like them , " he said . "  But I lately have been spending much more time in the Google-sphere than the Apple-sphere . " Bushnell reflected on his memories of Steve Jobs , who at 19 showed up in sandals at Atari and demanded an interview , and shared his thoughts on the future of innovation . On hiring the unconventional Jobs "  Understand that we at Atari at the time thought of ourselves as being quite counterculture . We were really young and somewhat arrogant and we really felt that we could rewrite the rules in an absolute way . We took the attitude of hiring for intensity or passion . That really worked for us . We felt that we could train anybody that had the passion and fire in their belly . Steve -- actually both Steves  referring to Jobs ' longtime friend and collaborator Steve Wozniak  -- had passion that was a very different passion , but it was passion . ... Jobs loved kind of seeing the world as it could be , as opposed to what it is . That was an important thing about what our ethic was . " On why he did n't invest early in Apple "  I did n't think that Steve would be a good chief executive and I did n't have the time to do it . I 've often thought one of the unsung heroes was actually  early investor and second Apple CEO  Mike Markkula , who actually provided the adult supervision for the first few years , which I think was really important . If I 'd invested and Markkula had n't been there , the outcome could have been very different . " On ` celebrating failure ' "  I do n't strive for failure . But what you want to do is strive for appropriate risk . One of the ways you can thwart appropriate risk is by making the penalties for failure high . It 's a little bit like the Catholic church and their idea of forgiveness and absolution and all that . Most employees who are really good employees , if they screw up , they feel really bad about it . What you want to do is you want to give them absolution . " "  I defy you to find somebody who 's known as an innovator or visionary who has n't had multiple failures . It 's really about doing . It 's really about ... being a prime mover that allows you to become a visionary . It 's an uncharted path , and when you 're on an uncharted path you end up in a cul de sac every once in a while . That does n't mean that your overall direction is n't correct . You just have to back up and maybe move a little bit more to the right this time , or to the left . " On corporate culture "  A good company basically says , ` We do n't care what you do . We do n't care how you do it . You 're going to be judged on your outcomes , period . Nothing else matters . ' When Atari started in Silicon Valley , then Apple , we were the first and only places where engineers did n't come to work in a coat and tie . So guys who are wearing shorts and T-shirts and flip-flops to work now need to say thank you very much . " "  From a corporate standpoint , think about the difference between the way you think about Google and the way you think about Hewlett Packard . At the outset -- eight years ago , five years ago -- Hewlett Packard had significantly more resources that they could have been innovating with than Google did . Google has the one cash cow  search  , but they are planting seeds for their future that I think are extraordinary . " On napping at work "  Think of your body as your innovation instrument . It turns out that all kinds of cognitive functions are increased in the afternoon with just a 20-minute nap .  NASA studies showed  a 15 to 30 % increase in cognitive ability after a 20-minute nap . It 's just silly to not do that . " On finding the next Jobs "  I think there are thousands of them out there . I think the main issue is going to be , are they going to be allowed to perform ? Remember , Steve was at an integral point where he was product maven and had control of tremendous amounts of resources at his fingertips . A lot of the Steve Jobses out there do n't have that control , do n't have those resources at their disposal . They have to be given them . When I hear a company say ` We 'll vote on that ' or ` We 'll get consensus , ' you know that they 're going to be mediocre . True innovation has no consistency . Nobody sees it until it 's done . "	Atari co-founder Nolan Bushnell headed the company when Steve Jobs worked there in the '70s Nolan Bushnell says his pioneering video-game company was "  quite counterculture " He says the next tech innovator could be stifled by corporate culture All pioneers have had multiple failures , Bushnell said
CNN  -- New Zealand 's center-right National Party , led by Prime Minister John Key , won Saturday 's general election with 48 % of the vote , according to a complete preliminary count . It was followed by the Labour Party , which took 25 % of the vote , the Green Party with 10 % , and the New Zealand First Party with 9 % , the Electoral Commission said . The National Party won 61 of 121 seats in the New Zealand parliament , but in his acceptance speech Key said he would seek alliances with smaller parties . "  I feel humbled and energized by the prospect of a third term . Over the next few days I will talk to other political parties with the view of putting together a broader majority , " he said . Pre-election polls had put Key in the lead to win a third term . In polling for "  preferred prime minister , " Key had 43 % support , compared with 12 % for Labour 's David Cunliffe -- this despite allegations on the campaign trail that the prime minister lied to the nation by covertly approving a widespread spying program while publicly denying it . Key rejected the claims . One of the most vocal critics of Key has been German tech entrepreneur Kim Dotcom , who has been a New Zealand resident since 2010 . While he could not run for office , the Megaupload founder has gradually emerged as a player on the fringe of New Zealand politics , as he fights a legal battle in New Zealand courts to avoid extradition to the U.S. on criminal copyright charges . Earlier this year , Dotcom founded a political party , the Internet Party , which teamed up with the Maori nationalist Mana Party to contest the 2014 election . They campaigned for a more inclusive society , greater digital rights and an end to government electronic surveillance . The coalition failed to win any seats in the election , prompting Dotcom to tell the New Zealand Herald that "  the brand Kim Dotcom was poisoned ... and I did not see that before the last couple of weeks . " Earlier this month , Dotcom hosted a trio of Edward Snowden , Glenn Greenwald and Julian Assange in an event he called "  Moment of Truth " in which they alleged Key misled the public . The event , however , appeared to have little effect in denting the National Party 's path to victory . Under Key , a former foreign exchange trader , the party is credited with keeping the economy on an even keel . Key has developed a reputation as a safe pair of hands with a friendly personal style -- although his political brand may have sustained some lasting damage during a bruising election campaign , which saw one of his top ministers resign over alleged involvement in a political smear against a senior bureaucrat . The National Party won the last election in 2011 with 49.78 % of the vote . Turnout has fallen "  dramatically " in New Zealand over the last two decades , from 85 % in 1981 to 69 % at the last election in 2011 , according to the country 's electoral commission . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister John Key says he aims to build "  a broader majority " His National Party wins third term with 48 % of vote ; opposition Labour Party gets 25 % Scandals over the government 's integrity and spying allegations brought drama to the race New Zealanders voted on Saturday after an explosive campaign
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Palestinian militant groups including the armed wing of Hamas are committing war crimes when they fire rockets into Israel , according to a report by campaign group Human Rights Watch . Palestinian militants from the al-Ahrar Brigades march during a rally in Gaza City in July . Three Israelis have been killed and dozens more seriously injured in Palestinian attacks since November 2008 with rockets striking populated areas up to 40 kilometers  25 miles  inside Israeli territory and putting 800,000 Israelis in danger , the report said . Two Palestinian girls died in Gaza when a rocket fell short of its intended target while the attacks have also put Palestinian citizens at risk from Israeli counterstrikes , it added . Human Rights Watch urged Hamas , which controls Gaza , to hold those responsible for the attacks accountable . Hamas is designated a terrorist organization by the U.S. and the European Union . Hamas militants have cut down on rocket strikes in the past few months , but the group has not denounced those targeting Israeli civilians , nor has it tried those behind the attacks , the New York-based watchdog said . "  Hamas rocket attacks targeting Israeli civilians are unlawful and unjustifiable , and amount to war crimes , " said Iain Levine , program director at Human Rights Watch . "  As the governing authority in Gaza , Hamas should publicly renounce rocket attacks on Israeli civilian centers and punish those responsible , including members of its own armed wing . " A spokesman for Hamas , Sami Abu Zuhri , criticized the report , claiming Palestinians had the right to defend themselves against Israeli military operations . "  The report is not fair , " he said . "  It should condemn the  Israeli military  crimes instead of condemning people who defend themselves . "  The international law gives them the right to defend themselves because they are occupied . We have the right to defend our land . " During Israel 's offensive into Gaza during December and January , Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants claimed to have fired 820 rockets at Israel , the report said . Human Rights Watch said the use of homemade Qassam and Soviet-designed Grad rockets to strike at densely populated areas amounted to indiscriminate attacks on civilians because the weapons can not be aimed with any reliability . The watchdog found no evidence that Palestinian armed groups had deliberately used civilians as shields in rocket attacks . But it said militants took insufficient precautions to avoid putting civilian lives in danger . "  Hamas forces violated the laws of war both by firing rockets deliberately or indiscriminately at Israeli cities and by launching them from populated areas and endangering Gazan civilians , " Levine said . Human Rights Watch has also documented war violations by Israeli forces during its three-week offensive into Gaza . While Israeli military operations had been more harmful , killing hundreds of civilians with airstrikes , tank shelling and other assaults , "  violations by one party to a conflict never justify violations by the other , " it said . "  Attacks targeting civilians are never permitted under the laws of war , which require armed forces to target only military objectives , and to take all feasible precautions to spare civilians from harm , regardless of the reasons for resorting to armed conflict . " The United Nations is investigating violations by both sides and is due to report to the U.N. Human Rights Council in September .	Human Rights Watch : Palestinian rocket attacks against Israel are war crimes HRW urges Hamas , which controls Gaza , to bring those reponsible to account Hamas spokesman : Palestinians have right to defend themselves Two Israelis killed , dozens injured in rocket attacks since last November
CNN  -- Americans needing health insurance or disability services could be overlooked by their local governments if a bill now being considered by the Senate passes . It would eliminate a survey that some call a vital source of information about health indicators of millions of Americans , but which House Republicans say is too expensive and raises privacy concerns . It 's called the American Community Survey . The Census Bureau surveys about a quarter of a million Americans every month . Community officials , academics and businesses rely on this information to understand the markets they operate in and the needs of individual localities . The House last week passed a Republican-backed bill that would cut the survey altogether , citing costs and privacy issues . The survey program , which reaches more than 3 million people annually , could cost taxpayers upwards of $ 2.4 billion over the next 10 years . Survey supporters say that is n't much money in the grand scheme of government , but opponents say the survey is needless and unconstitutional . "  Given the intrusive nature of some of these questions , which are mandatory for Americans to answer under penalty of law , it would seem that these questions hardly fit the scope of what was intended or required by the Constitution , " Rep. Daniel Webster , R-Florida , told Congress last week . But the American Community Survey is vital to state legislators , mayors , city councils and city planners , said Robert Moffitt , professor of economics at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore . These officials need to know information such as how many families do n't have health insurance , how many people are living in poverty , and how many individuals are disabled , so that services can be directed toward the appropriate number of people in particular places , he said . Academics who rely on the data for research have been particularly concerned about maintaining the survey , whose data is used in a wide variety of analyses . "  If you 're opposed to the survey , you 're opposed to understanding what 's going on in America , " said MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , director of the Program on Health Care Research at the National Bureau of Economic Research . The poverty question is particularly important because in areas where poor families are concentrated , problems multiply , and community officials should know where those areas are , Moffitt said . High crime , health conditions and underperforming public schools are all consequences of poverty clusters , according to the Brookings Institution . And with health insurance , as communities devise health insurance programs for those who are not covered , it 's useful to know exactly where the uninsured live and other facts about them , such as whether they are also unemployed , Moffitt said . Gruber says the survey is probably the best source of data on health insurance coverage currently available . Health insurance markets are quite different across areas . The survey additionally allows researchers and policy-makers to look for trends among minorities . "  If you want to do any local estimates , you need big samples , and that 's what the ACS gets you , " he said . The Affordable Care Act , whose constitutionality will be decided by the Supreme Court , would require that everyone have health insurance . But irrespective of that , any state doing health care exchanges needs to know about the markets it 's operating in , he said . In 2008 the American Community Survey began including questions about marriage -- for instance , how many times people have been married , and whether they have been married , divorced or widowed in the previous 12 months . This could be used to zoom in on needs surrounding child care and child support for single-parent households , as well as to create and evaluate policies and initiatives relating to the institution of marriage . The survey is also important to businesses . Joan Naymark , director of market analytics and planning at Target Corporation , said in a video on the Census website that her company uses Census Bureau data to see the characteristics of potential customers who live in communities throughout the United States . Target 's director of guest insight , Kate Whittingon , said in the video that Target looks at the American Community Survey for information about family structure and household size . Educational attainment and workforce age are two statistics from the survey that are valuable to the Greater Houston Partnership , a nonprofit geared toward building economic prosperity in Houston . As examples of the intrusiveness of the survey , Webster cited questions that ask if respondents have difficulty dressing , concentrating and making decisions , how long it takes them to get home from work , and what their emotional condition is . He also said that failure to answer the survey can result in a $ 5,000 fine . But Martin Gaynor , professor of economics and public policy at Carnegie Mellon University , called concerns about privacy "  very foolish . " "  People volunteer all kinds of far more intimate , sensitive information online without a thought about who is watching , " he said . And there 's a harsher penalty for Census Bureau employees who identify individuals filling out the surveys : five years in prison or $ 250,000 in fines , or both , according to the Census website . All employees take an oath of nondisclosure , and the information is kept private . The American Community Survey has been administered since 2005 . Before that , there was a long-form questionnaire that accompanied the general U.S. Census , which is given out every 10 years . "  There was a general sense in the statistical community that there was a burden and people objected to it , " said Margo Anderson , professor of history at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee . Supporters of the cost-cutting bill won the vote to kill the survey 232-190 in the House . But it 's far from being a law -- the Senate has n't voted on it yet , and White House has suggested it would veto such a bill . "  I think the issue really is : The Republican House right now is looking for ways to cut the federal budget , " Anderson said . "  What 's likely to happen is : There 's now going to be a much more robust public debate about whether  cutting it  is prudent or not . "	Congress threatens to kill survey used for health coverage data American Community Survey costs $ 2.4 billion for 10 years House Republicans : It 's expensive and unconstitutional House has voted to scrap it ; Senate has n't voted on it yet
CNN  The Question : How can I know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall ? The Answer : Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall  even though we are perfectly capable of making our own at home  , but that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf . To assuage any fears , we asked John Swartzberg , M.D. , a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley , to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat . Related : Amy 's Kitchen Recalls More Than 70,000 Cases Of Food Due To Fear Of Listeria Contamination The first step , according to Swartzberg , is to go to the Food and Drug Administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about . Each report will list recalled items with their product codes , which are typically categorized by the Universal Product Code  the number adjacent to the barcode  or the Stock Keeping Unit  a specific number that would only be valid at the store where the product is being sold  . They will also include the recalled products ' use-by dates , and the geographical areas affected . "  The recall is not based on the use-by dates , though , " said Swartzberg . "  If the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalled . This makes sense , because the product was contaminated prior to purchase and no matter how ` fresh ' the product is , it still may be contaminated . " After cross-checking these details , you should have a strong sense of whether your food product is safe to eat or needs to be trashed right away . But as far as avoiding potential problems before learning such details about a food recall , the consumer is at an automatic disadvantage . Related : 14 Habits Of People With A Healthy Relationship To Food "  There 's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about the recall , " said Dr. Swartzberg . "  Discarding or returning the product to the store is all that can be done . " In the case of this specific hummus recall , while there was no evidence that it caused any consumer illness , the product 's routine sample last month revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes . Consuming such bacteria can lead to listeriosis , a serious infection , and Dr. Swartzberg recommends that anyone who has consumed a listeria-laden food should let their physician know as soon as possible . "  Listeria survives well at cool temperatures , " he said . "  Most bacteria and fungi do not -- that 's why we refrigerate . Healthy people are at low risk for disease , but it can happen . Those at greatest risk for disease are the elderly , immunocompromised and pregnant . " To learn more about the best food safety practices , visit UC Berkeley 's Wellness website . Related : 8 Things Nutrition Experts Wish You Would Stop Saying About Food	Find the FDA 's official report for the recalled product If the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalled
LOS ANGELES , California  Reuters  -- Actor-comedian Eddie Murphy publicly acknowledged on Friday having fathered a child out of wedlock with Spice Girls singer Melanie Brown , who brought a paternity suit against him earlier this week . Eddie Murphy , at the Academy Awards in February , is the father of Spice Girl Melanie Brown 's baby . A brief statement issued by Murphy 's publicist said the 46-year-old star of "  Dreamgirls " and the "  Beverly Hills Cop " movies "  always has and will continue to honor his responsibilities as a father . " "  Mr. Murphy and Ms. Brown dated very briefly and never made any plans of ANY sort , " the statement said . "  He acknowledges paternity of the child Angel , and has paid child support to Ms. Brown as well as covering the expenses of her pregnancy . " The statement concluded by saying Murphy "  views this as a private matter , and as such , will not be making any further comments about it . " Murphy had never publicly acknowledged paternity before . Brown filed suit against Murphy in Los Angeles Superior Court on Wednesday , seeking to legally establish his paternity and seeking unspecified child support for the 3-month-old girl . A DNA test in June confirmed that Murphy is the father of Brown 's baby , Angel Iris Murphy Brown , who was born in April . The couple dated last year and Brown , 32 , known as Scary Spice as a member of the British pop phenomenon , listed Murphy as the father on the child 's birth certificate . Celebrity magazines reported this week that Murphy had become engaged to his girlfriend of 10 months , Tracey Edmonds . Murphy has five children from his first marriage to Nicole Mitchell , which ended in divorce in April 2006 . The Spice Girls announced in June they would be reuniting for a world tour starting in December . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Murphy says he dated Brown "  very briefly and never made plans of ANY sort " Murphy had never publicly acknowledged paternity before DNA test confirmed Murphy as father of Brown 's baby
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder announced Monday that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other 9/11 terror suspects will face a military trial at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba . The decision is a sharp reversal for the Obama administration , which wanted the terror suspects to have federal civilian trials . Besides Mohammed , the other suspects to face charges of participating in the 9/11 plot are Walid bin Attash , Ramzi bin al-Shibh , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi . All five are at Guantanamo . In announcing his decision , Holder blasted Congress for imposing restrictions on the Justice Department 's ability to bring the men to New York for civilian trials -- a course of action he promised in 2009 . "  After thoroughly studying the case , it became clear to me that the best venue for prosecution was in federal court . I stand by that decision today , " Holder said . "  As the president has said , those unwise and unwarranted restrictions  imposed by Congress  undermine our counterterrorism efforts and could harm our national security . Decisions about who , where and how to prosecute have always been -- and must remain -- the responsibility of the executive branch . " Holder insisted , "  We were prepared to bring a powerful case against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his four co-conspirators -- one of the most well-researched and documented cases I have ever seen in my decades of experience as a prosecutor . " He added , "  Had this case proceeded in Manhattan or in an alternative venue in the United States , as I seriously explored in the past year , I am confident that our justice system would have performed with the same distinction that has been its hallmark for over 200 years . " Holder had promised to seek the death penalty for each of the five men . He warned Monday that it is an "  open question " if such a penalty can be imposed by a military commission if the defendants plead guilty . He expressed confidence in the military , however , to conduct "  fair trials " and deliver "  just verdicts . " President Barack Obama 's primary concern is that the accused perpetrators "  be brought to justice as swiftly as possible , " White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters . Holder 's plan to hold a nonmilitary trial had been sharply criticized by both Republican leaders and key members of the New York congressional delegation . Among other things , critics cited cost and security concerns tied to a trial in Manhattan . They also argued that the suspects -- who are not American citizens -- should not receive the rights and protections provided to defendants in civilian courts . Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , said in a written statement that it is "  unfortunate that it took the Obama administration more than two years to figure out what the majority of Americans already know : that 9/11 conspirator Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is not a common criminal , he 's a war criminal . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , head of the House Homeland Security Committee , called the decision a "  long-awaited step in the right direction . " "  These terror trials belong in a military commission at Guantanamo , " he said . The decision is a "  vindication of President  George W.  Bush 's detention policies . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said it 's "  more appropriate " for the trials to be held in a "  secure area . " "  What I 've read about military tribunals is they 're not an automatic kind of thing , " he said . "  They are a different form of a legal system , but something that this country can implement and not be ashamed of . " Holder said he respects the different views expressed in Congress and elsewhere , but insisted he is in a better position to make the final decision . "  I know this case in a way that members of Congress do not , " he said . "  Do I know better than them ? Yes . " A number of Democrats and civil liberties activists have expressed dismay at the idea of holding military trials , warning that such a move represents a dangerous breakdown in the U.S. judicial system . Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said the decision was disappointing in light of the fact that the U.S. justice system is "  the envy of the world . " "  Federal courts have convicted hundreds of terrorists , " he noted . "  When Americans are murdered on American soil , we should not be afraid to bring those responsible for those heinous acts to justice in American courts . " Mason Clutter , an attorney with the progressive Constitution Project , said his organization is "  extremely disappointed by the administration 's decision to try what is arguably the most important criminal case the U.S. has ever seen in an untested and flawed system instead of in our legitimate criminal justice system . " "  Our civilian justice system has a proven capacity to handle complex terrorism cases , " Clutter said . "  Today 's decision will only continue to delay justice for the victims of 9/11 and their families . " Hina Shamsi , director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's National Security Project , called the decision "  a devastating blow to the rule of law . " "  Cases prosecuted by  military commissions  now are sure to be subject to continuous legal challenges and delays , and their outcomes will not be seen as legitimate . Americans deserve better than this , and the world expects more of us . " A senior defense official told CNN , "  We were n't out advocating for this decision . But we do have a court system  at Guantanamo Bay  that is both prepared to handle , and is already handling , people accused of crimes relating to terrorism . " The official said a lack of funding from Congress on more permanent detainment options for terrorist suspects within the continental United States "  left the Justice Department short on options . " Obama promised to shut down the Guantanamo Bay detention facility within a year of taking office -- a promise he was unable to keep in the face of congressional resistance . Holder promised Monday that the administration will continue working to shut down the facility and lift the restrictions on civilian trials imposed by Congress . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Carol Cratty , Terry Frieden and Ed Henry contributed to this report	The decision is a reversal for the Obama administration , which had wanted civilian trials Holder has promised to seek the death penalty for all the suspects Trial will be held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba
CNN  -- Forget policies . One thing guaranteed to get the electorate talking ahead of any vote is a steady stream of cringe-inducing moments , and on that front Australia 's federal election campaign has n't disappointed . Tony Abbott , the man who looks set to become the country 's next prime minister , won international headlines for all the wrong reasons with his misguided reference to suppositories . But he 's not the only one leaving voters squirming in their seats . Here are our top 10 moments of the Australian campaign trail , in no particular order . 1 . Abbott : Vote for me because my daughters are hot Okay , he did n't actually say that but that 's what Coalition leader Abbott implied when he and current Prime Minister Kevin Rudd appeared on Australia 's version of reality hit "  Big Brother . "  Yes , Big Brother still airs there and presumably has enough of an audience to convince both politicians that it was worth a shot at the youth vote . While Rudd reduced more than one housemate to tears with talk of love and gay marriage , Abbott shot from the hip with a comment  presumably aimed at the nation 's blokes given his views on gay marriage  : "  If you want to know who to vote for , I 'm the guy with the not bad looking daughters . " As commentator Nick Galvin noted : "  Adrift uneasily in the no man 's land between daggy and plain weird , Abbott looked strangely like Robert Palmer from the era when the late British singer surrounded himself with Amazonian beauties , because ... well ... he could . " For the uninitiated , "  daggy " means uncool , unfashionable , etc. READ MORE : Could political brawler be next PM ? 2 . Getting hot and sweaty They may not have been "  Amazonian beauties , " but when Abbott found himself surrounded by a high school netball team it seemed he could n't help himself . "  A little body contact " never hurt anyone , he told them after the girls apologized for being sweaty and crushing his suit during a photo call , according to national broadcaster the ABC . It followed some effusive but what many considered inappropriate praise for a Liberal candidate 's "  sex appeal . " The cack-handed "  compliment " was aimed at Fiona Scott , who days later offered a comment of her own crowned by the country 's immigration minister as "  the silliest of the campaign . " Read on . 3 . Asylum seekers ? Clogging up traffic Anyone with half an eye on the Australian election will have noticed a lot of debate and angst about what to do about asylum seekers who arrive in the country 's waters by boat . When prompted to talk about the "  hot topic " of asylum seekers , Scott said , "  Yes it 's a hot topic here because our traffic is overcrowded . How much fun is the M4 in peak hour ? It 's not fun , at all . " The M4 connects the inner-west with the outer suburbs of Sydney . Scott 's comment prompted a stream of tweets , including one which asked whether jams were caused by "  all those refugees towing their boats down the motorway . " After the furor , Scott claimed her quotes had been taken out of context . 4 . Things that make you go ` ummmm ' While we 're on asylum seekers and Liberal candidates , Jaymes Diaz deserves a mention . When asked about the party 's six-point plan to "  stop the boats , " the election candidate failed to name the other five . In the days following , it seemed to become a sport for Australian journalists to track Diaz down and pitch the question to him again to see whether he 'd managed to commit them to memory . However , he was nowhere to be found . In a six-minute video attached to an article headlined "  Where are Abbott 's wallies ? " reporter Lucy Carroll tried to find him . After two days of phone calls and attempted doorstops she only managed to locate his mother . 5 . Islam . A new one for the map Diaz may be hard to find , but at least he 's hanging in there for the vote , unlike Stephanie Banister who withdrew her candidacy after making a series of jaw-dropping comments , all within one interview . "  I do n't oppose Islam as a country , but I do feel that their laws should not be welcome here in Australia , " Banister told Seven News . She went on to confuse "  haram " with the Quran and said Jews followed Jesus Christ . A candidate for the fringe One Nation Party , 27-year-old Banister quit just 48 hours into her campaign . In a statement to the ABC , party leader Jim Savage said she 'd withdrawn "  following the disgraceful way she has been portrayed by recent media -LSB- and -RSB- ridicule over a minor gaffe . " 6 . See ya . Candidates shown the door . While Banister quit of her own accord , the ruling Labor party made sure candidate Geoff Lake made it nowhere near the polling booths . He was dumped after admitting to verbally abusing a disabled female councilor in 2002 . "  I was a young mayor and I got angry one night and I spoke to her in angry way , which I acknowledged then and I acknowledge now , " Lake told local media . Another nudged out of the race was North Queensland candidate Ken Robertson who called Abbott "  racist " and "  a very , very bigoted person . " It came days after Rudd called for a "  positive campaign . " 7 . ` Be careful of Rupert ' Allegations of racism were n't the only ones flying around . Mining magnate Clive Palmer , perhaps better known outside Australia for his ambitious plans to build a replica Titanic , shocked morning viewers by making some stunning accusations on live TV . "  Rupert Murdoch 's wife Wendi Deng is a Chinese spy , " Palmer said . "  She 's been spying on Rupert for years , giving money back to Chinese intelligence . " "  Clive , have you lost the plot ? " asked the visibly shocked presenter . Palmer is standing for a Senate seat as leader of his own party , the Palmer United Party . Polls show the party could possibly win one seat . 8 . ` You 're the voice ' It must be hard to entertain oneself while hiding from authorities in a foreign embassy for months on end . That 's the only reason we can think why WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange thought it was a good idea to don a fake mullet and sing his own version of John Farnham 's classic Aussie hit "  You 're the voice . "  For those unfamiliar with the terminology , "  mullet " refers to a type of hairstyle , not the fish  . Assange is attempting to win an Australian Senate seat for his WikiLeaks Party , despite the surprise resignation of his running mate Leslie Cannold -- who quit due to a lack of transparency and accountability , of all things . It 's not clear whether Assange will be able to take up his seat if he wins . It is clear that singing will NOT be a viable career option . 9 . Slipper recycles Another candidate relying on blasts from the past is former federal speaker Peter Slipper , who has defended his use of old campaign signs in his bid for re-election . It 's clear from the posters that they do n't feature a recent image . They 're black and white . Oh , and Slipper is now running as an independent candidate , so he 's had to cut off any Liberal Party logos . Not obvious at all . The former speaker could be forgiven for wanting to avoid any more cameras . He was hauled over the coals and through the courts after being accused of sexually harassing a male colleague . A federal court judge eventually threw out the case last December , saying that he 'd come to the conclusion the claims were made to cause Slipper "  significant , public , reputational and political damage . " 10 . Will it end after the election ? Probably not ... It seems appropriate to end this list with Abbott , as the likely next prime minister and the country 's most prolific provider of head-slapping gaffes . Abbott has n't won yet , but if he does then writer Alan Stokes has imagined the contents of his election speech . It starts with "  My drear men and women of Australia . I stand here tonight , on this maleficent evening , as your prime minister , to spank you very much and say how bumbled I have been to receive your thrust . " To read the whole "  screech , " click here .	Five-week election campaign filled with colorful quotes , unfortunate gaffes Potential leader Tony Abbott takes the prize for most prolific contributor Classic quotes also come from the candidate described as having "  sex appeal " Others have quit after making poorly-received comments , others are lying low
Washington  CNN  -- Staff Sgt. Salvatore Giunta , the first living Medal of Honor recipient since the Vietnam War , is a new dad . The Army soldier 's mother told CNN Monday that Giunta , who has left the active-duty Army and begun studies in college , is the father of a baby girl . Giunta married his wife Jennifer in 2009 . Giunta 's mother , Rosemary , said the baby and mother are doing fine . The girl was born last week , but the new grandmother said Giunta is keeping details like the baby 's name and exact birth date private . As the daughter of a Medal of Honor recipient , baby Giunta will get a few benefits herself . She and the rest of her family will get special identification cards and commissary and exchange privileges . The latter affords them access to lower-cost shopping , as well as recreation facilities like pools and bowling allies . And if she qualifies , baby Giunta will be eligible for admission to a United States military academy , without having first to be nominated or adhere to quota retirements . Giunta was awarded the Medal of Honor in November for his deeds in a battle with the Taliban in Afghanistan in October 2007 . He continued fighting , and rescued a team leader , despite being hit twice by bullets -- one striking his armored vest and another that hit a weapon on his back . Neither caused serious injuries , and Giunta went back to work with his unit moments after the attack ended . After having served two tours in Afghanistan over seven years , Giunta announced plans in February to leave the U.S. Army and move to Fort Collins , Colorado , with his wife , Lt. Col. Greg Hapgood of the Iowa National Guard said then .	Staff Sgt. Salvatore Giunta earned the Medal of Honor in November 2010 His wife Rosemary had a baby girl last week , Giunta 's mother says The baby has special privileges as the daughter of a Medal of Honor recipient
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A total of 39 hostages in Pakistan were freed Sunday morning after being held by five militants at the army headquarters in Rawalpindi , an army spokesman said . Pakistani soldiers take up position after an attack on the army headquarters in Rawalpindi on Saturday . Four militants and three hostages -- two of them civilians -- were killed in the 22-hour standoff , Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN . Two security personnel were killed during the rescue operation , and five others were injured . Abbas said two of the militants -- one wearing a suicide vest -- held 22 of the hostages in one room and threatened to blow up the building . Security forces fatally shot both gunmen before the explosive detonated . Two other militants , who were in another part of the facility , blew themselves up , Abbas said . Whether the three hostages died in during those explosions was unclear . A fifth militant -- who led the attack -- was injured and captured , Abbas said . That militant was identified as Aqil , aka Dr. Usman , one of the suspected masterminds in the March attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore , Pakistan . Police there also have said he was involved in the July 2007 attempt to attack the airplane of former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf . Dr. Usman was injured when he blew up explosives in the building he was holed up in , Abbas said . The military continued to revise its initial numbers of the dead and injured and those taken hostage after the standoff ended about 10 a.m. Sunday . Earlier , Abbas told CNN that the hostages included civilians and military personnel . Military officials said sporadic shootings flared between the gunmen and authorities for several hours . Abbas said security forces communicated throughout the standoff with the militants , who made demands . Though Abbas did not immediately elaborate on the nature of the demands , another military official -- who was not authorized to speak on the record -- said the gunmen wanted the government to release several militants in Pakistani custody . The standoff started after an attack on the army checkpoint , which occurred about noon . The gunmen , wearing camouflage and riding in a minivan , opened fire Saturday at the headquarters checkpoint , Abbas said . Six army guards were killed initially in the gunbattle , Abbas said , and five gunmen were killed . Another military official said the Taliban had claimed responsibility for the attack . Rawalpindi , the closely guarded home to the general headquarters of the Pakistani army , has experienced suicide bombings and other attacks before . Saturday 's assault was the third major attack in Pakistan this week . A suicide car bomb in the northern city of Peshawar killed at least 52 people Friday , and a suicide attack at the offices of the U.N. World Food Programme in Islamabad on Monday killed five employees .	NEW : Total of 39 hostages released after 22-hour siege Military official : Taliban has claimed responsibility for the incident Raging gunbattle leaves four gunmen and six guards dead
Seven years ago Sunday , American Bob Levinson disappeared after traveling to Iran . He 's now one of the longest-held American citizens in history . Recently , the 65-year-old 's family has said publicly that he worked for the CIA . Their decision to speak out came after news stories published in 2013 said Levinson worked for the spy agency . For years the family kept it quiet that Levinson was working for the CIA , because the United States government had warned them that revealing it would put Levinson in more jeopardy , they said . On Saturday , Levinson 's son Dan Levinson talked in person with CNN in Abu Dhabi . "  I am here in Abu Dhabi . Without getting in specifics , I think the important thing is to show that we are not giving up , " he said . He told CNN he was back in the region doing all he could to find his father . He stressed that the family wants his father to remain part of ongoing discussions between Iran and six world powers , including the U.S. , over Tehran 's nuclear program . "  There is a lot of opportunity in the next few months before that expires to continue discussions between the officials of our government and the Iranian government , " he said . "  And we think that is a prime opportunity , because these kinds of discussions have never -- have not really taken place for decades . " He said Monday would be his father 's 66th birthday . The case gained renewed urgency in December , when The Associated Press and The Washington Post reported that Bob Levinson was working as an independent CIA contractor when he disappeared . According to the news reports , Levinson had gone to Iran on a mission to investigate corruption involving Iranian officials , according to an e-mail obtained by the family . Levinson disappeared shortly after arriving at Kish Island and has not been heard from since a 2010 video . Of the news reports that prompted the family to talk about what they say are Levinson 's ties to the CIA , Dan Levinson said , "  We did n't decide to come forward with it , but it did happen . If anything , we are hoping to use this and ensure that it speeds up the process of getting my dad home . " The FBI , White House and CIA have not publicly acknowledged any connection between the CIA and Levinson . In January , Iranian Minister of Foreign Affairs Mohammad Javad Zarif told CNN , "  I have not seen anything that could prove that  Levinson  was ever in Iran . " "  In fact , we have seen evidence ... he was last seen alive outside Iran , with pictures showing that he was outside Iran when he was last seen . It 's a very unfortunate case , " Zarif said . "  We 've said clearly that we have no knowledge of his whereabouts . ... We need the United States to explain for Iran what a CIA operative was doing , if he was ever in Iranian territory , what was he doing in Iranian territory . " In a statement released Sunday , Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. "  remains committed to the safe return of Mr. Levinson to his family . " "  We appreciate the support and assistance from our international partners as we work to end this awful separation , " Kerry said . "  Given Mr. Levinson 's health , age , and length of time in captivity , we mark this anniversary with a special sense of urgency . " FBI chief meets with Levinson 's wife , son "  We respectfully ask " the Iranian government to "  work cooperatively with us " on the Levinson investigation , Kerry said . Kerry called for anyone with information about the case to contact the FBI , which is offering a $ 1 million reward for any information that leads to Levinson 's safe return . Levinson retired as a special agent of the FBI in 1998 , the agency said in a written statement Friday . The statement said that Levinson traveled to Kish Island as a private investigator . "  He went missing the next day , " the statement reads . "  The FBI is responsible for investigating crimes committed against U.S. citizens abroad and has been conducting an investigation " to find Levinson , the statement says . "  Bob 's absence over the past seven years has exacted an enormous toll on his family , and we will not waver in our commitment to bringing him home safely to his loved ones and his country , " said FBI Director James B. Comey . "  We continue to request the assistance of our international partners as well as the Islamic Republic of Iran , and we continue to ask anyone with information regarding Bob 's disappearance to contact the FBI . " About 20,000 former and current FBI agents observed a moment of silence Friday to mark the anniversary of Levinson 's disappearance . For the Levinson family , the pain continues . "  Bob 's continued imprisonment defies the humanity in all of us , " the family said in a written statement Friday . "  After seven years , we have almost no words left to describe our life without Bob . We miss his face , his voice , his laughter , his wisdom and his embrace . We miss everything about Bob . No matter where we turn , Bob is absent . "  Bob , if you are able to see or hear this message , we urge you to be strong . " Missing American not ` abandoned ' in Iran , Kerry says	Bob Levinson will turn 66 on Monday , his son told CNN Dan Levinson wants the U.S. to do more to help find his father Levinson 's family says he was working for CIA when he went missing in Iran
It 's been dubbed by some as the "  auto intifada " -- the spate of attacks on Jewish civilians in Jerusalem by Palestinians driving vehicles . In two such incidents in recent weeks , four people , including a 3-month-old , have been killed and many more injured . In both instances , the drivers were Palestinians from East Jerusalem , and their targets were lines at light rail stops . The incidents were quickly seized upon by Hamas , the radical Palestinian group that controls Gaza , which said : "  Hamas blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " They were also celebrated in social media with a variety of cartoons depicting car pedals in the form of guns and road signs showing pedestrians being run over . One cartoon depicted a car as the barrel of a gun with the caption : "  Revolt and resist , even with your car . " Another showed a car in the colors of Palestine hitting two men with Jewish stars on their black hats . A third showed cars with sharks ' teeth prowling the streets . There also was a play on words in some of the cartoons -- with "  daes , " meaning "  run over " in Arabic , similar to "  Daesh , " the Arabic shorthand for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Facebook pages were inundated with messages such as : "  From Palestine we brought to the world the intifada of stones . Now we bring the intifada of running over . " Palestinians living in East Jerusalem who have licenses and an Israeli ID card can drive anywhere in the city and elsewhere in Israel . ` There is no Iron Dome against drivers ' In some quarters , there has been a visceral reaction to the attacks . A former Jerusalem police chief , Aryeh Amit , told the newspaper Arutz Sheva : "  We are now paying the price for a lack of policy and decision-making . ... The Jewish residents of Jerusalem are scared to death . This is reminiscent of the days of the suicide bombings . " Economy Minister Naftali Bennett , who is leader of the Jewish Home party , warned : "  There is no Iron Dome against drivers , and Israeli citizens can not live without deterrence and sovereignty in their capital city . " He criticized the installation of concrete barriers at light rail stops as too defensive . "  The solution is deterrence , not defensive measures . The solution is not the Iron Dome concept , but an iron fist , " Bennett said on his Facebook page . In reality , two random attacks hardly amount to an intifada , even if they derive from  and fuel  an already tense atmosphere in Jerusalem over worship at the Temple Mount , or , as it 's known to Muslims , Haram al-Sharif , the Noble Sanctuary . A weapon of despair Far from being the weapon of choice , these crude vehicle attacks seem to be a weapon of despair , and they only serve to underline the absence of both political solutions and organized forms of resistance . The previous intifada , a word that means "  shaking off " in Arabic , had leadership , some measure of organization and mass support . The first , which began in 1987 , was soon harnessed by "  The Unified Leadership of the Uprising . " The second , which began after then-Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon visited the Temple Mount in September 2000 , was embraced and directed by the Palestine Liberation Organization and Yasser Arafat . Around the turn of the century , Israelis were terrorized by bus bombings , suicide attacks in shopping malls and restaurants . Since then , the Israeli construction of the West Bank barrier has cut off access to Jerusalem for most Palestinians living there ; and Israeli security services have built up a formidable intelligence-gathering apparatus . Nowadays , protests involve mainly teenage Palestinians connected by WhatsApp and other social messaging who take to the streets -- usually in their dozens rather than hundreds -- to hurl rocks and firecrackers at Israeli police . They respond to events , such as the kidnapping and killing of a Palestinian teenager in Jerusalem last summer by three Israelis . There is no evidence these protesters have either leadership or structure -- rather , they 're driven by an anger born of being penned into cramped neighborhoods with few services and fewer prospects . Israeli security forces contain that anger and make a few dozen arrests with relative ease . ' A weary approach to violence ' The Palestinian Authority rails against Israeli policy in Jerusalem , the expansion of Jewish settlements and more , but it has shown no appetite for leading or coordinating such protests . "  West Bank elites are generally less vitriolic in their views , more Palestinians have vested economic interests to protect , and there is a weary approach to violence , " says Riccardo Fabiani of Eurasia Group . And Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas "  would prefer to contain any risks of protests spreading to the West Bank as he fears that Hamas could take advantage of instability in this territory and further expand its foothold there , " Fabiani said . Even so , the fate of the Temple Mount or Noble Sanctuary is a highly emotive issue for both sides . Last week , a Palestinian from East Jerusalem shot and critically wounded a rabbi , Yehuda Glick , who campaigns for the right of Jews to pray at the Temple Mount . After an Israeli counterterrorism unit shot and killed the assailant hours later , Abbas wrote to his family saying he would "  go to heaven as a martyr defending the rights of our people and its holy places . " On Wednesday , Ibrahim al Akari , a father of five from the Shuafat refugee camp , drove his van into a crowd of people at a light rail stop in East Jerusalem , authorities said . His widow told reporters he had been following media coverage of events at the holy site 's al-Aqsa Mosque "  and saw the blood , the wounded , the desecration of the Holy Book  the Quran  and all that happened . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has promised to preserve the status quo at the Temple Mount , whereby Jews can visit the site but under no circumstances pray there . But Palestinians see visits by Glick -- as well as deputy speaker of the Knesset Moshe Feiglin and other Israeli politicians -- as provocative and part of a campaign to establish a Jewish place of worship in the complex . Several Palestinians have been injured amid clashes with Israeli police around the compound , mainly by rubber bullets and the effects of tear gas , but there have been no fatalities . Israel and the Palestinian Authority wants to keep it that way , for fear that more serious clashes at such a sensitive site could spark a conflict much broader than the "  auto intifada . "	Palestinian motorists have targeted civilians in Jerusalem Israeli official : ` There is no Iron Dome against drivers ' Hamas backs such tactics Attacks come amid little movement on peace solutions
RIVERHEAD , New York  CNN  -- The tragic story that began with a sick joke on the Internet is coming to a close as a Riverhead , New York , jury deliberates the fate of 53-year-old John White , on trial for killing a friend of his son . A bogus threat of rape on the Internet may have led to the shooting death of 17-year-old Daniel Cicciaro . White is accused of shooting 17-year old Daniel Cicciaro in the face on August 9 , 2006 , outside his Long Island home after a heated exchange with Cicciaro and his friends . Cicciaro died that night , and White was arrested . He is charged with second-degree manslaughter . The trial has brought out allegations of racism and revenge . White , who is African-American , maintains he was protecting his family from a white lynch mob and says the gun discharged accidentally . Prosecutors disagree , saying White should have called police but instead deliberately chose to confront the boys outside his home with a .32 - caliber Beretta . Watch Cicciaro 's parents recall son 's death " Riverhead police say this all started with an Internet prank sent from the MySpace page of White 's son , 20-year-old Aaron . Under his screen name , a threatening message was sent to a teenage girl who was a close friend of Daniel Cicciaro . The night Cicciaro was killed , he was at a party with the girl when they spotted Aaron White . According to court testimony , Cicciaro became angry and White was asked to leave . Aaron White testified that after he left the party , Cicciaro and a male friend called him on his cell phone , saying to him , "  Get back to this party you n **** r. " Aaron White says he then went home and received more calls from Cicciaro and his friends , telling him they were coming to his house to kill him . He then woke his father , who grabbed his handgun and waited for the boys to arrive . Police say that around 11 p.m. , Cicciaro and four friends arrived at White 's house . John and Aaron White walked out of their house , both holding guns , and had a heated exchange with Cicciaro and his friends . John White asked the boys to leave . Then , police say , John White shot Cicciaro at point-blank range . Cicciaro died in the emergency room that night . But the rape threat that sparked the confrontation between Daniel Cicciaro and Aaron White was not real . Under testimony , Aaron White 's friend Michael Longo admitted he logged on to Aaron 's MySpace page and sent the threat to the girl as a joke . Daniel Cicciaro 's mother , Joanne Cicciaro , says her son was trying to protect the girl . "  The thing is , that night , Daniel believed Aaron threatened to rape a girl that was like his little sister , " Cicciaro said . During the trial , which lasted three weeks and ended Tuesday , John White broke down in tears . He testified , "  I did n't mean to shoot this young man . This young man was another child of God . " White 's attorneys say that racism lies at the heart of the confrontation and that John White feared Cicciaro and his friends were going to kill his son . "  You had this group of white men who felt that they were going to defend this young white woman from a black man who said these things about her , and they felt justified to do so because of his race , " said defense attorney Fred Brewington . But Daniel Cicciaro 's father , also named Daniel , says he does n't believe White 's story . "  He had 20 minutes to gather his thoughts , to call the police to defuse the situation , to find out why they were coming over , and he did n't take any of the precautionary steps " he said . "  The Whites , none of them , ever called 9-1-1 , even after he shot Daniel , but he did call their attorney , " Joanne Cicciaro added . With tears in their eyes , Daniel and Joanne Cicciaro say their last image of their son was in the hospital , drenched in blood and being given CPR . "  I saw the hole in his cheek . I got to tell him that I loved him , " Joanne Cicciaro said . "  I saw his blank eyes open , staring at the ceiling . " Friends and supporters of both the Whites and the Cicciaros have attended the trial daily , which presented its case to the jury Tuesday . The jury finished its second day of deliberations Thursday with no verdict . E-mail to a friend	A bogus Internet threat may have led to 17-year-old 's death Shooting followed confrontation between Daniel Cicciaro and Aaron White Aaron White 's father is charged with aggravated manslaughter Defense attorneys say John White feared a racial attack before the shooting
CNN  -- Terrorist groups such as Boko Haram prey on girls because they fear them , Malala Yousafzai told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Wednesday , adding her voice to the outcry over the mass kidnappings of Nigerian girls . Malala , the Pakistani girl who made a miraculous recovery after being shot in the head by the Taliban , said women are targeted by those who fear a society in which women are empowered . Boko Haram has kidnapped hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls , an act that has become the focal point of a worldwide social media campaign demanding their return . The Malala Fund is launching a Nigerian girls education campaign around the issue . The 16-year-old human rights advocate first spoke up about the kidnappings last week . "  When I heard about girls in Nigeria being abducted , I felt very sad , and I thought , ` my sisters are imprisoned now , ' " Malala said . "  The girls in Nigeria are my sisters and its my responsibility that I speak up for my sisters . " Boko Haram are extremists who do n't understand Islam , she said . The religion , she says , calls for empowerment through education , not a snuffing of it . "  They should go and they should learn Islam , and I think that they should think of these girls as their own sisters . How can one imprison their own sisters and treat them in such a bad way ? " she said . Everyone should speak up for the kidnapped girls , she said . In a photo released on social media , Malala holds a sign reading #BringBackOurGirls , joining the chorus of social media activity repeating the same demand . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has been under fire over accusations the government initially ignored and then later downplayed the abduction of the girls . Jonathan has also accepted an offer of U.S. military support in the search for the girls . Why has n't the rescue effort produced results ?	Malala Yousafzai spoke with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour She sees the kidnapped Nigerian girls as her sisters Terrorists attack girls because they fear them , she says Boko Haram are extremists who do n't understand Islam , Malala says
CNN  One evening last month , a teenage suicide bomber blew himself up on the steps of the auditorium of the French cultural center in Kabul . The target was a crowd of Afghans and expatriates gathered to watch a play titled "  Heartbeat : Silence after the Explosion . " The show was written as a condemnation of suicide bombings . "  Pieces of flesh were plastered on the wall . There were children and women crying for help , " said one civil society activist who spoke with Reuters just after the suicide attack . A Taliban spokesman claimed the group was responsible for the attack , and said the play was targeted because it was being performed "  to insult Islamic values and spread propaganda about our jihad operations , especially on suicide attacks . " Sadly , for too long it has been relatively easy for citizens of the United States and Europe to indulge in the "  otherization " of this particular brand of extremist horror . Yes , such attacks are awful and deserved condemnation , but they were , until the tragic events of this week in Paris , other people 's hells . They generally occurred in far-flung places and were committed against faraway people : schoolgoers in Peshawar and theatergoers in Kabul . Nearly two years ago , for example , Anne Smedinghoff , a 25-year-old foreign service officer serving in Afghanistan , went to deliver books to an Afghan school , but was killed by a suicide bomber on the way . In the aftermath of her death , Secretary of State John Kerry said : "  The folks who want to kill people , and that 's all they want to do , are scared of knowledge . And they want to shut the doors and they do n't want people to make their choices about the future . For them , it 's ` You do things my way and if you do n't , we 'll throw acid in your face . We 'll put a bullet in your face , ' to a young girl trying to learn . So this is a huge challenge for us . It is a confrontation with modernity , with possibilities . " But while the media covered the tragedy , Smedinghoff 's death remained a story that happened "  over there . " Indeed , for the past several years -- at least since attacks on Madrid and London -- Westerners have been able to go about their day-to-day business , with little thought to what was taking place thousands of miles away , for this was someone else 's horror . This has been despite the alarming rate at which the death toll has been growing , with Afghans being forced to get accustomed to having their lives punctured by senseless attacks , including the heartbreaking slayings of an Afghan journalist , his wife and two daughters gathered around a dinner table for a holiday celebration as a family . As the United Nations in Afghanistan noted recently , more civilian deaths and injuries occurred during 2014 than in any year since it began such reports in 2009 . Of particularly gruesome note was a November suicide attack targeting a crowd huddled to watch a volleyball game that killed more than 50 people , including 21 children . Israel 's Institute for National Security Studies released a report counting 592 suicide attacks in 2014 , which it said was a 94 % increase over the previous year , resulting in the deaths of approximately 4,400 people . The United Nations put the number of civilians killed in Iraq last year at a staggering 12,282 , more than double the number killed in 2013 True , as these numbers have soared , Americans have found themselves increasingly concerned . An August Pew Research poll , for example , found 65 % agreeing "  the world is more dangerous than it was several years ago , " while just 7 % said the world has gotten safer . Yet at the same time , more than half said the United States "  does not have a responsibility to do something about the violence in Iraq . " Yet the reality is that extremists wreaking bloody havoc in Iraq or Yemen or Afghanistan or Pakistan will not be kept at bay forever . Nor , as an Afghan activist who ran schools for girls during the Taliban era once told me , will an Afghanistan left to itself remain its own problem indefinitely . America , understandably , wants to bring to a close 13 years of conflict . And it may want to believe that the tide of war is really receding . But as the events still unfolding in Paris this week have demonstrated -- and as was underscored by 2013 's Boston bombing -- extremists are ready to bring their violence to our own shores . Europe and America are not immune to the threat . If "  Je suis Charlie , " a slogan adopted in solidarity with the magazine Charlie Hebdo that was attacked in France , is to mean anything , it should be about the choice to stand up in defense of those who believe in a free press , safe schools for boys and girls , and theaters free from suicide attack . And that means standing up for people wherever they are in the world .	Gayle Lemmon : West has too often ignored extremism overseas Europe and America are not immune to threat , she says
CNN  -- Shaquille O'Neal is fighting allegations from a former employee who says the NBA star stole his personal information and attempted to frame him for using child porn . Shawn Darling , who was O'Neal 's personal computer consultant , said the NBA center acted in retaliation because Darling had proof that O'Neal cheated on his wife with several women . O'Neal 's Florida lawyer said he will file a motion on Thursday to dismiss Shawn Darling 's lawsuit claiming privacy invasion , racketeering and intentional infliction of emotional distress on the grounds that the suit has no basis in law . "  Even if everything he was saying were true , we believe there is no basis in the law to bring the case , " Miami attorney Ben Reid said . "  But in this case , none of it 's true . " O'Neal , who this summer signed with the Boston Celtics , employed Darling from 2008 to 2009 , while O'Neal lived primarily in Miami . During that time , Darling performed various odd jobs that gave him access to O'Neal 's e-mail and cell phone accounts , according to the lawsuit filed in Miami-Dade Circuit Court in August and posted Wednesday on RadarOnline.com . The 15-page complaint describes O'Neal 's dealings with three alleged mistresses and his ex-wife , whom he was divorcing at the time . Among them are allegations that O'Neal used law enforcement contacts to obtain information about Alexis Miller , and that he hacked into a phone belonging to Vanessa Lopez , erasing messages and changing her password . The lawsuit also accuses O'Neal and an associate of throwing his computer into a lake after Darling performed a " ` Defense Department ' type wipe " of the computer . Darling also claims that O'Neal believes he has pictures of him with Dominica Westling . As a result , the lawsuit alleges , O'Neal has attempted to "  control " Darling 's actions through threats of violence and attempts to frame him for possession of child pornography and to have him arrested using O'Neal 's extensive law enforcement contacts . "  O'Neal knows that Darling not only has knowledge of his bad acts that might be used against him in litigation , but O'Neal also knows that Darling has evidence that shows he cheated on his former wife -LSB- Shaunie O'Neal -RSB- with many more people than just Vanessa Lopez , " the lawsuit states . "  Darling is in apprehension and fears for his safety , " the lawsuit says . O'Neal 's lawyer issued a statement after the lawsuit was reported on Wednesday that described Darling as an ex-con who has served time in a federal prison in Wisconsin for misusing Social Security numbers , and said Darling failed to disclose the prison record to O'Neal . An online inmate search of the Federal Bureau of Prisons showed that a man named Shawn Darling was released on March 22 , 2002 . An attorney for Darling did not return calls seeking comment . Reid said Darling used his position to copy O'Neal 's e-mails and communications . Over the past 12 months and through three separate lawyers , he has demanded $ 12 million for their return , Reid said . When O'Neal refused to cooperate with Darling , he filed the lawsuit , Reid said . The complaint seeks unspecified damages and a jury trial . "  It does n't take much to file a suit and unfortunately , this seems pretty common in our society . People target celebrities , " he said .	Former computer consultant says he has proof of Shaquille O'Neal 's affairs Shawn Darling says the NBA star tried to have him arrested , stole his personal data Lawyer says Darling copied O'Neal 's e-mails , demanded money in exchange for them O'Neal 's lawyer says he will file motion to dismiss lawsuit on Thursday
CNN  -- These days , people do n't want to take a vacation from gaming . And it 's changing the way companies like Disney Cruise Line are building their $ 900 million floating cities . Disney launches its newest ship , the Disney Fantasy , out of Port Canaveral , Florida , this week . On the sister ship to the Disney Dream , Walt Disney Imagineers have created interactive experiences that ca n't be played anywhere else -- including Disney theme parks . "  Because technology has become more progressive in the home , it challenges us as Imagineers to design experiences for guests that they ca n't do at home , " said Bob Zalk , a senior show producer for Walt Disney Imagineering . "  With the Magic Play Floor , you take a piece of video wall technology , put it on the floor , and you make it an interactive experience that 's very physical in nature . " The Magic Play Floor , which is available on both the Dream and the Fantasy , is made up of 32 high-definition displays that push 14 million pixels , which is n't something that 's going to be replicated on an Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 . This massive floor puts arcade games like "  Dance Dance Revolution " to shame and allows up to 32 kids  16 adults  to gather around the edges and interact with the video games that unfold on the screens by using their feet or hands . Around the border of these displays are light pad controllers . There are 48 sensors in each controller that detect the location , the motion and the proximity of each player . Of course , these games are based on hit Disney movies like "  TRON : Legacy , " "  Lilo & Stitch " and "  The Princess and the Frog . " Each ship has two of these interactive floors on board in the Oceaneer Lab and Oceaneer Club for kids and tweens . "  We have magical appearances through our living character program , where Stitch from ` Lilo and Stitch ' and Crush from ` Finding Nemo ' appear in the spaces on screen and interact and talk live with the kids , " said David Duffy , creative director for Disney Cruise Line Entertainment and Port Adventures . "  It really is an amazing experience for the little ones to see them make a pizza with the Magic Play Floor while Stitch talks to them in real-time . " In those same play areas , kids can also interact with Magic Play Tables , which are roughly the size of a foosball table . What separates this video game machine from anything else is that it offers full touch-screen interaction and exclusive games developed by Disney Imagineers based on films like "  Bolt " and "  Cars . " All of the games have been designed for up to four players . "  We 've designed these experiences to empower kids to go in and just do fun stuff , " Zalk said . With more passengers now accustomed to playing games on Facebook , including the new "  Disney Animal Kingdom Explorers , " Disney Imagineers are creating experiences that blend motion sensor technology and storytelling . The Fantasy introduces a Muppets game as part of the Midship Detective Agency catalog of experiences . Karen Leung , interactive show producer at Walt Disney Imagineering , headed the team that developed the new Muppets game , which features original video of Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy and the rest of the gang . She said that many members of her team have a game design and software development background and they keep abreast of new technology like Kinect for Xbox 360 . The Midship Detective Agency , which also includes two additional games  also available on the Dream  featuring Mickey Mouse and his pals , was developed using facial capture technology and motion capture technology similar to Kinect . "  A key part of the interactive experience is the detective badge , which has a specific agent number and a special bar code , " explained Leung . "  Each person has a unique bar code , so when you go up to a piece of art , it senses the bar code and will know what scene you 're on and what game you 're playing on . Depending on what piece of art you 're going to , you 'll see a different scene customized to where you are in the game . " The game , which sends players to all areas of the ship , is actually an additional level of interactivity that enhances Enchanted Art pieces . Guests who stand in front of this art will see animation come to life . There are video games built into the different stations , which require players to turn the badge to manipulate on-screen items like lighting fireworks and tightening pipes with a wrench . The Muppets game adds a lie detector to the equation , which offers additional interactivity with characters .  The Fantasy is also showing he Muppets ' new movie in its Buena Vista Theater . The Fantasy adds a golf simulator to the mix on Goofy 's Sports Deck . Designed for avid golfers , this video game features 80 authentic courses that are displayed on a giant screen inside an air-conditioned room on one of the upper decks . Players choose from real Calloway golf clubs and swing an actual ball into the screen . "  The system uses motion sensors and infrared lines that intertwine with each other , " explained Jaco Gouws , assistant port of interest manager on the Disney Fantasy . "  The ball goes though this system , and the angles are calculated as it passes from one line to the next , and then the ball enters the video game screen and proceeds into the course . It 's designed so you can do everything from play a full game to just practice putting or go to the driving range . " For younger passengers , the room houses an adjacent simulator . Utilizing the same motion sensor and infrared technology , passengers can pick from hockey , football , soccer and baseball and use actual balls to interact with Goofy and the gang . Interactivity is spread throughout the ship , including a new dinner show at Animator 's Palette that allows guests to draw an animated figure and then watch it come to life with classic Disney characters . Zalk said that just as there 's been an influx of passengers who game , there are more Imagineers that have grown up playing games . That 's influencing the types of experiences that are being designed for vacationers .	Each ship has two interactive floors on board for kids and tweens Imagineers blend motion sensor technology and storytelling to create experiences All of the games have been designed for multiplayer experiences up to four players
Twitter is getting into e-commerce . It 's now possible to buy goods online in two steps by tweeting a special hashtag . The new collaboration between Twitter and American Express will turn the social media service into a shopping cart . American Express members who sign up will be able to buy products by mentioning the appropriate hashtag in a tweet . The @AmexSync account will tweet back with a confirmation hashtag . Once you tweet that confirmation hashtag , American Express will shoot you a confirmation e-mail and give you 15 minutes to confirm you want the product . Your card will be charged and the goods shipped to your billing address . The two companies announced the partnership on Monday and kicked it off with a single product offering , a $ 25 American Express gift card for $ 15 . Other products will be available starting Wednesday morning . To start Twitter shopping you 'll need to first sync your American Express card with Twitter . The service will only work with compatible American Express cards  no prepaid or corporate cards  and a public Twitter account . Since protected accounts are n't allowed , there 's no way to take advantage of a discount without it being public information . That means each purchase is not only money for the various companies involved , but also an automatic promotion for the product and its brands . The first discounted products American Express will sell are an Amazon Kindle Fire , a Sony Action cam , a Donna Karan-designed bracelet and an Xbox 360 . Though various companies will tweet out the hashtags , all official product offers will be collected under the American Express Favorites section . This is not the first time American Express has experimented with social media . Its Amex Sync program , launched last March , offers discounts on Twitter , Foursquare , Facebook and Xbox Live . On Twitter , you tweet the hashtag for an offer and then go make the purchase in person or through a separate online store . The discount is then applied to your American Express account within eight weeks . Social networks have been working hard to break into e-commerce . Facebook announced Facebook Gifts , which lets users make purchases for friends directly through the social network . Buying products this way is a unique case . Because it 's for select discounted products , many of which will only be available for a set period , tweet-buying is not for people who are searching for a specific product or comparison shopping . It has much more in common with flash sales sites like Fab than e-commerce mainstays like Amazon . By wrapping the entire purchasing process in a hashtag , the service makes buying fast and easy . If it takes off , we could see hashtags for products in commercials and print ads .	Twitter and American Express team up to let cardholders buy products with a hashtag The discounted goods will require two tweets and then ship to your billing address American Express already has discounts on Facebook and other networks via hashtags
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former "  American Idol " contestant Pia Toscano has signed a record deal with Interscope Records and will release her debut single next week , the label said Wednesday . Within hours after she was voted off the 10th season of the talent show in April , reports surfaced that Toscano had been signed by Interscope head -- and "  Idol " mentor Jimmy Iovine . But at the time , Toscano told CNN it was not a done deal . On Wednesday , the label said Toscano 's debut single , "  This Time , " will arrive July 12 . The album comes out later in the year . "  Jimmy Iovine was an amazing mentor during my time on Idol and I 'm looking forward to working with him and everyone at Interscope Records and 19 Recordings , " Toscano said . "  This is a dream come true . " The single was penned by Esther Dean , who has written songs for Katy Perry , Mary J. Blige and Rihanna , the label said .	Soon after she was voted off , reports surfaced about the record deal At the time , Toscano said it was not a done deal The single , "  This Time , " comes out Tuesday
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- U.S. officials have taken "  very seriously " a plot to assassinate President Barack Obama involving a Syrian man who was arrested late last week in Turkey , according to two U.S. officials familiar with the matter . President Barack Obama addresses the Turkish parliament on Monday . But the officials strongly cautioned that American presidents are frequent targets of threats that are all watched very carefully , and in this case the alleged plotter did not appear to get anywhere close to Obama during his European tour . The officials also noted that while Obama gets more threats than usual as the first African-American U.S. president , this particular threat did not force any change to his schedule . "  Life goes on , " said one of the officials familiar with the matter , who suggested the threat may be getting more attention because there has been a heavy international focus on Obama 's first overseas trip since taking office . White House officials declined to comment on the matter , citing a policy of not talking about security and threats around the president . U.S. Secret Service officials spoke only briefly about the case . "  We work closely with the host country whenever there is an arrest , which we are doing in this matter , " Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said . The plot was first reported by the Saudi Arabian newspaper al-Watan , which revealed that Turkish security services arrested a man of Syrian origins Friday in connection with a plan to kill Obama during his visit to Turkey . Obama was in Strasbourg , France , on Friday for a NATO summit and did not arrive in Turkey for the final leg of his trip until Sunday . The Saudi paper reported the suspect , who was carrying an Al-Jazeera TV press credential in the name of "  M.G. , " confessed to authorities after his arrest that he and three alleged accomplices plotted to stab Obama with a knife during the Alliance of Civilizations Summit in Istanbul , which Obama attended on Monday evening . The U.S. officials confirmed those allegations , but stressed to CNN that the information provided by the man is still being verified . Al-Jazeera 's bureau chief in Ankara , Turkey , Yucef al-Sharif , told the newspaper his news organization knew nothing about the man and suggested he may have obtained a forged press credential . According to U.S. officials , it 's unclear whether the man , a permanent resident of Istanbul , had obtained a real press credential . On Sunday , U.S. and international journalists covering Obama 's trip did face more extensive searches of their baggage than usual by the U.S. Secret Service before boarding a press charter flight from the Prague , Czech Republic , region to Ankara . The same extensive searches were conducted Monday before a flight from Ankara to Istanbul . But U.S. officials downplayed the possibility the more extensive searches were done out of concern that plotters may have infiltrated the media . Instead , the officials suggested that since Turkish security officials had not necessarily handled such a large crush of media before , U.S. Secret Service officials simply wanted to go the extra mile in their searches . CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Turkey resident of Syrian origin arrested Friday , Saudi newspaper reports Newspaper : Man appeared to have press credential , planned to stab Obama U.S. officials confirm allegations , say man 's story being checked Obama was in France on day of man 's arrest , and arrived in Turkey on Sunday
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Misery hates company . Following the nuclear power plant crisis in Japan , China has ordered safety inspections of its existing nuclear plants and suspension of new plant approvals . The decision was made on March 16 during a meeting of Premier Wen Jiabao with the State Council , China 's cabinet . "  Development of nuclear power must put safety the top priority , " the government said on its website . Beijing 's top nuclear power regulatory body quickly unveiled a series of guidelines advising nuclear power plants to take disaster stress tests on planned and existing projects . Changhua Wu , the Greater China director of The Climate Group , a non-profit group advocating environmental protection , applauded the decision . "  They are reviewing and reassessing nuclear power plants , " she says . "  I believe they are going to find a lot of issues there . " Read whether the fear for nuclear disasters is realistic China operates 13 nuclear reactors , a small number compared to the 104 in the United States , but China is poised to catch up . It 's building more than two dozen others -- roughly 40 percent of all the reactors under construction worldwide -- and 50 more are being proposed . Read more special coverage on China Such an aggressive nuclear power program is understandable . In the last two decades , China 's energy needs have grown exponentially due to its rapid economic boom and urbanization . China last year overtook the United States as the world 's largest consumer of energy . It depends on fossil fuel for 91 % of its needs . China has turned to alternative sources of energy -- wind , solar and nuclear power -- to improve air quality and curb global warming . "  Nuclear power is seen as cost-effective , low carbon , and more reliable than renewable energy such as solar and wind power , which can only provide power some of the time , " noted Century Weekly , a Chinese-language magazine popular among intellectuals . In light of the human and environmental disaster looming in Japan , however , many Chinese are asking : How safe are China 's nuclear plants ? Japan 's nuclear crisis has served as a wake-up call , said Wu . "  As in Europe and other countries , people here are saying , ` Wait a second , let 's really think about it , ' " she said . Experts say China is now reviewing the risks associated with earthquakes and tsunamis . It has had its share of major earthquakes , like the 7.9-magnitude quake in 2008 , which killed over 80,000 in Wenzhou , Sichuan province . Its existing and planned nuclear plants are all located along its eastern and southern coastlines -- prompting questions of whether they are vulnerable to a tsunami . Another concern is lack of transparency . Although China has signed and ratified the International Atomic Energy Agency 's Convention on Nuclear Safety , critics say China is slow in providing public information on safety and waste-management . Corruption is another worry . Kang Rixin , a senior Communist Party member and head of China 's nuclear power program , was convicted last November in a $ 260 million corruption case in which he was accused of rigging bids connected to nuclear power plant construction . He was sentenced to life imprisonment , but his case raised concerns about lack of supervision . "  Do we have enough manpower to manage and monitor so many nuclear plants ? " Wu of The Climate Group asked . "  If accidents happen , do we have emergency response in place ? Are we ready ? I am not so sure . " These questions are causing public concerns , Wu said . "  Already we have started to see the ` not in my backyard ' mentality , " she noted . "  Before the Japan disaster , most people do not necessarily understand the risks they are facing , but now people are actually more alert . " There is little public debate , except in cyberspace , where some netizens anonymously resort to sarcasm . Some expressed surprise to find themselves living in close proximity to nuclear plants . Other blogs listed locations of plants , with maps attached as well . One posting suggested that "  China should put all government officials ' homes next to the plants . " Experts say there are robust debates among Chinese policy-makers , too . "  Some are quite convinced that the third generation technology in China 's nuclear plants currently under construction is superior than Japan 's , " said Wenran Jiang , a political science professor at the University of Alberta . "  Others are more cautious , calling for more reviews and more safety measures . " Still , China is not about to abandon its nuclear power ambitions . "  The construction of nuclear plants will continue , but it will be a more cautious process , " he said . "  Call it lessons learned from Japan . " Advocates of clean energy hope those lessons will inspire China to switch to renewable energy sources . "  Hopefully we need not panic and kill nuclear energy altogether , " said Wu of The Climate Group . "  In the long run , we hope wind , solar and other safer renewable sources of energy will grow really fast to replace high-risk energy sources like nuclear and large-sized hydropower projects . "	Top nuclear power regulatory body unveils guidelines on nuclear power plant stress tests China operates 13 nuclear reactors and is building more than two dozen others China last year overtook the United States as world 's largest consumer of energy Many Chinese are asking how safe are nation 's nuclear plants in light of Japan disaster
CNN  Mercedes driver and F1 championship leader Lewis Hamilton stole pole position for Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix from teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg in dramatic fashion . Hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap , beating Rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin . Frenemies The two former friends have enjoyed , or rather endured , a heated rivalry since falling out last season and Rosberg 's annoyance at Hamilton 's last ditch success was obvious . The German appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake Hamilton 's hand . He did , however , find time to congratulate fellow German driver Sebastian Vettel , who will start in third after the Ferrari driver surprisingly won the Malaysian GP two weeks ago . "  I do n't actually mind him having more  poles  , " a nonplussed Hamilton told AFP after the session . "  He can have the trophy for most poles . As long as I have the trophy for winning -- that 's all that matters . Ultimately qualifying is not the end of the world . " "  I am frustrated " In the post qualifying press conference Rosberg appeared more magnanimous , but still shocked by Hamilton 's last minute burst of speed . "  I was frustrated , I am frustrated , yeah , " Rosberg admitted . "  It 's so close and of course I would have wanted to have pole today ... It 's just four hundredths and that makes it even more annoying because it 's just very , very close . A lap is never 100 per cent perfect and four hundredths is really the blink of an eye . " Kimi Raikkonen will join his teammate Vettel on the second row and will be looking for a repeat of Ferrari 's performance in Malaysia , which shocked Mercedes and Hamilton in particular . Huge support But Hamilton has been quickest all weekend and will enjoy a surprising amount of support in Shanghai , a track the British driver has always thrived on . "  Have you seen the banners that I have here ? " he told the assembled press when asked why he liked racing at Shanghai so much . "  The support I have here 's pretty unreal . I just like the track . I guess it just naturally suits my driving style . "	Lewis Hamilton will start on pole in China Pushed teammate Rosberg into second on the last lap Rosberg refused to shake Hamilton 's hand afterward
CNN  -- The argument between government leaders over how to handle and where to house the influx of migrant children from Central America is playing out across a couple of blocks in downtown Atlanta . At the gold-domed state Capitol , Gov. Nathan Deal is complaining that the Obama administration did n't tell officials it was sending more than 1,000 children to Georgia . At Atlanta City Hall , Mayor Kasim Reed says his city would provide a "  safe haven " for the children . More than 50,000 unaccompanied children have been detained so far this year as they 've tried to cross the U.S. southern border . Federal authorities say the rate of apprehension has slowed in recent weeks . The Department of Health and Human Services is charged with finding suitable facilities to house the children while they wait for an immigration hearing or to be reunited with family . Some state and local governments , community organizations and churches across the country have taken children in but some governments are asking not to be considered as a landing place for the kids . Or in Deal 's case , complaining about not being told about it . Republican Deal wrote to President Barack Obama last week asking for the federal government to stem the flow of the children to the state saying it was "  unconscionable that your administration " failed to inform state officials that 1,154 of the kids had been sent there . "  Your administration continues to send refugees to Georgia , while at the same time many mayors and legislators from across the political spectrum have expressed their  and my  desire to reign in the influx of refugees to the state of Georgia . It is my hope that you and your administration will respect this request , " Deal said in his letter . Reed 's position was the opposite , saying Tuesday the minors would be welcomed in his city . "  I 'm going to send a message in no uncertain terms to the extent that these children need a safe place , and a safe haven ,  and  the city of Atlanta is going to be that , " the mayor told reporters , according to CNN affiliate WSB . Deal softened his tone on Wednesday after meeting with a group of local Hispanic leaders . He said in a statement that he asked them for guidance and advice about how the state should respond and added the activists told him they thought most of the children in Georgia were placed with relatives . "  For the state to safeguard these children who are here now , we still need more information about their federal status and where they 're staying . It goes without saying , these situations involve our public education , public health and public safety resources , and I 'm concerned about additional burdens being placed on local taxpayers in Georgia , " Deal said . "  But I made this pledge to the group : As a state we will let the federal process work . And during the time it takes to accomplish that , I 'm sure Georgians will show their compassion toward these children who have undergone harrowing circumstances . " Deal 's complaint was similar to one by Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam , who said his state discovered the presence of migrant minors there through an online posting by HHS . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's administration said over the weekend it 's willing to house up to 1,000 children in city facilities . "  The influx of unaccompanied child migrants is a growing humanitarian crisis that we can no longer ignore , " Emanuel said Sunday in a statement . "  While we have our own challenges at home , we can not turn our backs on children that are fleeing dangerous conditions . We will do our part to ensure that these children are given access to services and treated fairly and humanely . " Rep. Luis GutiÃ © rrez , D-Illinois , a major proponent of immigration reform and someone who has strongly opposed calls for deporting the children after they are arrested , said he is proud to see Chicago "  lead by example " in trying to find housing for some of the minors . "  Sometimes the greatness of our nation and our city are tested and how we treat children in danger is one of those tests , " GutiÃ © rrez said in a statement . Earlier this month Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , another major Democratic supporter of the President , proposed two locations in the Bay State to temporarily house undocumented immigrant children , including a federal base on Cape Cod . That proposal has generated a controversy among some Massachusetts residents . These offers follow a dust-up between another Democratic ally , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , and the White House over the issue . O'Malley , who had criticized plans to deport many of the undocumented children , clashed with a senior White House official in a phone call after he asked some of the kids not be sent to a site in his state . "  What I said was that would not be the most inviting site in Maryland , " O'Malley told CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta . "  There are already hundreds of kids already located throughout Maryland . " O'Malley was referring to his phone conversation with White House Domestic Policy Director Cecilia Munoz . O'Malley also told CNN he was open to housing them in other sites in the state . White House mulls steps on immigration it can take on its own Central American leaders to Obama : We 're working on it CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this story .	State and city officials debate handling of unaccompanied minors crossing U.S. border In Georgia , governor and Atlanta mayor send conflicting messages Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel expressed willingness to house kids
CNN  -- An international music awards show announced a new Adele album Tuesday -- but nothing 's happening , says her label chief . The confusion started with a tweet from the World Music Awards , an international contest that has been broadcast from such locales as Los Angeles , Las Vegas and Monaco . In a tweet , the show said , " #adele confirms 2015 Tour After The Release Of Her New Album ' 25 ' ! " Not so fast , said Martin Mills , who heads Beggars Group . Adele 's label , XL Recordings , is a subsidiary of Beggars Group . There 's "  no truth in this , " he told Billboard . So what 's the deal with the World Music Awards ? It may have gotten attention for the tweet , but Billboard observed that the contest is "  something of a curiosity on the international awards calendar . " The American broadcast of its 2014 show was supposed to run on NBC but did n't because of "  technical issues . " Adele herself has said little . She did hint in May that a new work could be in the offing , but her Twitter account has mostly been silent , with just three tweets since that May 4 post .  The most recent promoted an album by Example . Certainly , even a smidgen of Adele news is eagerly awaited by her fans -- and the music business , which would love to see any material equal the performance of the English singer 's last record , "  21 . " That album sold 3 million copies through digital streaming alone , which set a record . Altogether , it 's sold more than 10 million copies and topped Billboard 's year-end sales list in both 2011 and 2012 -- the first album ever to do that . Oh , and "  21 " won the Grammy for album of the year . Since "  21 's " success , Adele has won an Oscar for best original song  for "  Skyfall , " from the James Bond movie of the same name  and given birth to a son with her partner , Simon Konecki .	NEW : "  No truth in " Adele album rumor , says label exec World Music Awards tweeted a new album was coming Adele has hinted about something in the works Her previous album , "  21 , " was a smash
Irbil , Iraqi Kurdistan  CNN  -- They are the faces of an entire community on the run . Singled out , threatened , chased at gunpoint from their homes . Pursued purely because they are members of an ethnic and religious minority . Iraq 's Yazidi Kurds are no strangers to persecution . Their faith teaches them that throughout history , they have been subjected to 72 genocides . Many world leaders fear they are on the brink of a 73rd massacre , this time at the hands of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , which calls itself the Islamic State . Kurdish photographer Warzer Jaff spent a week documenting the exodus of the Yazidis from their ancient homeland . What is immediately striking in his portraits are their piercing eyes . "  I am fascinated with the deep sadness in their eyes , " Jaff says . "  You do n't see one single happy face . " There is little room for joy when one has been made instantly homeless . In the weeks since ISIS militants overran cities and towns in northern Iraq , the Yazidis joined a modern-day exodus of hundreds of thousands of other Iraqis . Most of those fleeing come from the many other ethnic and religious minorities that make up the mosaic of the region , including Chaldeans , Assyrians , Turcomen , Shi'ites , Shabbak , Kurds . Instantly made homeless , tens of thousands of these families have sought shelter in Iraqi Kurdistan . Driving through this region , one can see families squatting under bridges , camping in derelict buildings , unfinished construction sites , churches , youth centers , open fields . Each refugee shares horrifying stories of abduction and murder . Even more disturbing , the frequent refrain that "  our neighbors did this to us . " Their claims that Arab tribesmen joined in the looting and kidnapping of these defenseless minorities suggests there is little hope these communities will one day live side by side together again in peace . As one senior Kurdish official put it , "  the social fabric has been torn . " "  I do n't want to live with Arabs anymore , they take our land , they kidnap our women , and they kill us , why should I live with them ? " asked Ali Khalid , 75 , a Yazidi . He wandered amid the tents of a brand new refugee camp leaning on a cane ; his long white mustache , a proud symbol for Yazidi men , drooping over his mouth . Like nearly every other displaced Iraqi we met over the last week , Khalid urged Western governments to grant his people asylum in Europe or North America . Not far away , a grieving mother showed a laminated identity card . It belonged to her 20-year old daughter , Baran . She was fatally wounded by shrapnel two weeks ago , Khokhe Namir said , while racing out into the backyard to pull a child back to safety . "  I buried her with my own hands , " Namir said , scraping at the dirt with her fingers , as tears streamed down her cheeks . Amid the grief and despair , there are still moments of childlike innocence . In a refugee camp for Iraqis that sprouted up in a Kurdish-controlled enclave in Syria , a red-haired girl picked through a pile of second-hand clothes donated by local Kurds . "  I like the bright colors and the flowers , " she said , after eyeing a long dress decorated with pink flowers . Last Friday , Jaff wandered up from a tent in a refugee camp in Iraqi Kurdistan visibly shaken . "  There 's a newborn baby who was born on the mountain , I 'm afraid she 's going to die , " he said . In the tent , the parents of the 6-day-old girl had bound their infant in a sheet and laid her on the dirt , atop a pile of blankets and cushions . They did n't have a cradle for the child . The girl was born on Sinjar Mountain . Tens of thousands of Yazidis sought refuge on its heights as they fled ISIS fighters , only to find themselves trapped and surrounded by the militants . Jaff took the little girl 's parents into town and bought them a cradle and extra food for their baby . Across the Kurdish regions of Iraq and Syria , there have been many similar acts of kindness and generosity from locals toward their less fortunate cousins from farther south . The baby 's parents told me despite the heat , she was eating normally . The girl appeared healthy . Her mother said she was thinking of naming her child Hajar . Loosely translated , that means migrant or as the family interpreted it , "  Exile . " READ : After the rescue : A Yazidi family 's harrowing flight to escape ISIS	Kurdish photographer Warzer Jaff spends week documenting Yazidi Kurds ISIS has hounded Yazidis from their ancient homeland in northern Iraq Tens of thousands of families have sought shelter in Iraqi Kurdistan Each refugee shares horrifying stories of abduction and murder
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Barack Obama 's election as president of the United States wo n't see a change in American relations with the Taliban , a senior Taliban leader in Pakistan says . A Taliban leader says Barack Obama 's election will bring little change . "  For us , the change of America 's president -- we do n't have any good faith in him , " said Muslim Khan , a grizzled Taliban spokesman who is one of the most wanted men in Pakistan , in a rare interview with CNN . "  If he does anything good , it will be for himself . " With an assault rifle on his lap , Khan answered 10 written questions , sharing his view on a range of topics from slavery to Obama 's middle name -- Hussein . He spoke in the remote Swat Valley of northwestern Pakistan , the site of frequent and fierce clashes between Pakistani troops and Taliban and al Qaeda militants . There was no opportunity for follow-up questions . Khan said Obama 's election may change conditions for black Americans . "  The black one knows how much the black people are discriminated against in America and Europe and other countries , " he said . "  For America 's black people , it could be that there will be a change . That era is coming . " He said he doubted Obama 's victory would lead to changes in relations between the United States and the Taliban . Watch the Taliban spokesman on Barack Obama " U.S. forces dislodged the Taliban rulers of Afghanistan shortly after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . America and its allies have battled the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan ever since , with fighting spreading across the border into Pakistan . "  American should take its army out of the country , " Khan said . "  They are considered terrorists . " Obama has minced no words in describing how he would administer U.S. policy toward the Islamic extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan . When he accepted the Democratic presidential nomination in August , Obama pledged to "  finish the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban . " And the president-elect included a blunt warning in remarks on the evening of his election victory : "  To those who would tear the world down , " he said , "  we will defeat you . " Khan noted that Obama 's middle name was fairly common in the Muslim world , referring to him at times as "  Hussein Barack Obama . " "  If he behaves in the way of a real Hussein , then he has become our brother , " he said . "  If Barack Obama pursues the same policies as Bush and behaves like Bush ... then he can not be Hussein . He can only be Obama . "	Taliban leader : We have no faith in Barack Obama Taliban not expecting change in relationship with U.S. Obama has committed himself to defeating the Taliban and al Qaeda
CNN  -- Brazil has confirmed 557 deaths caused by H1N1 flu , the highest total in the world , the nation 's Health Ministry says . A vaccine against H1N1 is being tested but is not expected to be available until at least mid-October . The United States has counted 522 fatalities through Thursday , and nearly 1,800 people had died worldwide through August 13 , U.S. and global health officials said . In terms of mortality rate , which considers flu deaths in terms of a nation 's population , Brazil ranks seventh , and the United States is 13th , the Brazilian Ministry of Health said in a news release Wednesday . Argentina , which has reported 386 deaths attributed to H1N1 as of August 13 , ranks first per capita , the Brazilian health officials said , and Mexico , where the flu outbreak was discovered in April , ranks 14th per capita . Brazil , Argentina , Chile , Mexico and the United States have the most total cases globally , according to the World Health Organization . The Brazilian Ministry of Health said there have been 6,100 cases of flu in the nation , with 5,206 cases  85.3 percent  confirmed as H1N1 , also known as swine flu . The state of Sao Paulo had 223 deaths through Wednesday , the largest number in the country . In addition , 480 pregnant women have been confirmed with H1N1 , of whom 58 died . Swine flu has been shown to hit young people and pregnant women particularly hard . Many schools in Sao Paulo have delayed the start of the second semester for a couple of weeks , and students will have to attend classes on weekends to catch up . Schools also have suspended extracurricular activities such as soccer , volleyball and chess to try to curtail spread of the disease . Flu traditionally has its peak during the winter months , and South America , where it is winter , has had a large number of cases recently . The World Health Organization said this week that the United States and other heavily populated Northern Hemisphere countries need to brace for a second wave of H1N1 as their winter approaches . Officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other U.S. health agencies have been preparing and said this week that up to half of the nation 's population may contract the disease and 90,000 could die from it . Seasonal flu typically kills about 64,000 Americans each year . A vaccine against H1N1 is being tested but is not expected to be available until at least mid-October and will probably require two shots at least one week apart , health officials have said . Since it typically takes a couple of weeks for a person 's immunity to build up after the vaccine , most Americans would not be protected until sometime in November . The World Health Organization in June declared a Level 6 worldwide pandemic , the organization 's highest classification .	Nearly 1,800 people died worldwide of H1N1 through August 13 Brazil , Argentina , Chile , Mexico and U.S. have most total cases globally U.S. health officials said that up to 90,000 could die from new strain Seasonal flu typically kills about 64,000 Americans each year
CNN  -- No one can accuse China of stinting in its efforts to reach for the sky . Less than a year after construction was halted on a world-beating 838-meter tower in Changsa in central China  just days after it began  architects have revealed plans to build something even bigger . At one kilometer  0.6 miles  high , the largest of the two Phoenix Towers planned for Wuhan , the capital of Hubei province in central China , will be the tallest in the world if completed on schedule in 2017/2018 . The towers will also be crazily futuristic and super environmentally friendly . And pink "  Yes , -LSB- they are pink -RSB- , " Laurie Chetwood of UK-based design firm Chetwoods Architects tells CNN . "  They reflect the spectacular colors of the sunsets in the region . " Designed to sit on an island in a lake , the largest of the towers will stand 172 meters  564 feet  taller than Burj Khalifa in Dubai . The project is still awaiting government final approval , but if all goes to plan it could steal a march on the Kingdom Tower in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , which is also designed to top out at one kilometer , but not until 2019 . With a 2012 population of 9.7 million , Wuhan is located on the Yangtze River . It 's a major transportation hub that 's been called "  the Chicago of China . " Biggest kaleidoscope and floating restaurants " -LSB- We were asked -RSB- to create an iconic building for Wuhan , which embodied a strong environmental and social content as well as reflecting Chinese tradition , " says Chetwood . The design is inspired by dualism in Chinese culture -- the traditional Chinese phoenix symbol of the two birds , "  Feng " and "  Huang , " as well as the idea of yin and yang . Feng Huang , or phoenix , are a pair of mythical birds in Chinese culture traditionally used to denote royalty . Three large spheres containing celestial-themed restaurants accessible via "  skywalks " will be suspended between the two towers . The spheres "  represent planets orbiting the Towers , " according to the designers . If giant pink towers and celestial spheres are n't gaudy enough , the larger building will have the unlikely boast of housing the world 's tallest kaleidoscope driven by a wind turbine . It 'll project a psychedelic display for people gazing up from below . A ground-level commercial center looks set to continue China 's current obsession with imitating global architectural styles . "  You 'll have a French street , a Japanese street , a Turkish street and so forth ... to allow people to see the world without necessarily having to leave China , " Chetwood told the Guardian . Sci-fi environmental features The towers are designed to have green features such as pollution-absorbing surfaces to filter the city 's air as well as technology to aerate and filter the water . Thermal chimneys , suspended air gardens and biomass boilers for waste recycling are also part of the plan . The towers are designed to be able to generate enough power to fulfill their own needs and those of neighboring areas . "  The Feng tower uses cutting-edge technology to ` feed ' the Huang tower with renewable power in a symbiotic process , " the design firm said in a statement . The two towers will cover seven hectares of a 47-hectare site on the island . "  It is wonderful to work in China -- the response to new ideas is always enthusiastic and optimistic , " says Chetwood . "  The chance to develop a unique site -- a large lake in a large city -- provides a wonderful opportunity to create something very special for China . "	China to build the world 's tallest towers , called the Phoenix Towers , in Wuhan in central China The buildings will reach one kilometer into the sky , 172 meters higher than Burj Khalifa in Dubai Both will feature high-tech environment features as well as the world 's biggest kaleidoscope
CNN  -- Edward Dolman is Christie 's first chief executive officer to have been a specialist , who understands the pressure and the nature of valuing art . Part of his mission is attracting other highly motivated specialists into their business . A Christie 's employee stands beside a painting at Christie 's auction house in London on July 4 . Dolman was born in London in 1960 and attended Dulwich College from 1971-1978 , before studying History of Art at Southampton University . He later completed a degree at the Study Centre for Fine and Decorative Arts , which had a close relationship with the Victoria and Albert Museum . Not being of blue-blood birth , he joined Christie 's because of the link with Christie 's South Kensington , starting out as a porter in the furniture department . After a year he assumed the role of specialist in the furniture department of South Kensington , where he would see everything from European to Chinese furniture in the high-volume saleroom over the next 10 years . Meanwhile he became an auctioneer , doing a number of off-site sales at country estates and traveling to France and Belgium to generate business in the middle market of furniture . At that time he was on the Management Committee , and South Kensington began to do great sales . Finally in 1995 , he decided he wanted to become a manager and took a course at the Institute of Directors in the Mall to learn the language of business and the motivation of people . Dolman was subsequently made Managing Director of Christie 's Amsterdam , applying new techniques and marketing to enhance interest in high-quality art . Twenty months later he returned to Christie 's London on King Street as the Commercial Director to run Christie 's Europe . As he attempted to develop new categories to win business , he was made Managing Director . In 1999 Dolman moved to New York as the International Managing Director and later as Chief Executive . Together with Christie 's International Management Group , they developed an intensive five-year business plan , and Dolman took over from Christopher Davidge , as approved by Francois Pinault .	Dolman was specialist in furniture department of South Kensington for 10 years In 1996 he was made Managing Director of Christie 's Amsterdam Developed five-year business plan with Christie 's International Management Group
PEOPLE.com  -- Jaleel White most notably played geeky , annoying neighbor Steve Urkel on the '90s sitcom "  Family Matters " -- but since then , the actor , who has portrayed Bruce Lee , Elvis Presley and a member of the opposite sex , does n't feel recognized for his ability to take on a variety of roles . "  I 'm very versatile , but somehow I did n't earn the tag of being called a versatile actor , " White , 34 , tells PEOPLE . "  I 'm still chasing that one Vanity Fair tag that says , ` This guy 's a versatile actor . ' I accept it . It 's fine . But for me , it 's like what do I have to do to get that -LSB- acknowledgement -RSB- ? " White , who says he gets "  recognized everywhere I go , " is n't big on reminiscing about the days of playing the character who made him a household name . "  I do n't -LSB- miss playing Urkel -RSB- , " he says . "  I really do n't . I 'm not trying to get away from it or anything like that , but I do n't miss the role at all -- really . I just want to work . I want my daughter to say , ' I know what Daddy does , ' not ` what Daddy did . " White -- who most recently played an inmate on Fox 's House , M.D. earlier this year -- guest stars as a scheming wealthy director on the season premiere of fellow former child star Tatyana Ali 's latest sitcom , Love That Girl ! . The actor says it 's "  cool " sharing a screen with Ali , who he has n't filmed with since his small stint on The Fresh Prince of Bel Air many years ago . The episode , which airs Monday night at 8 p.m. on TV One , is the first of many more roles to come , predicts White . "  I just want people to know I have n't gone anywhere , " he says . "  The passion was gone for awhile , but I 've got my mojo back . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	White says he gets "  recognized everywhere I go " "  I do n't -LSB- miss playing Urkel -RSB- , " he says White recently played an inmate on Fox 's "  House , M.D "
CNN  -- In 1996 , John Reid Adams received a phone call that changed his life . His oldest brother wanted him to record the movie that was airing on Fox one Tuesday night . "  I just did it to avoid a beating , " Adams admitted . As the eighth-grader surfed the Internet , he continued to get distracted by the movie unfolding on TV . He saw a British police box from the 1950s -- actually a disguised spaceship known as a "  TARDIS " -- on the screen . "  This blue box was bigger on the inside ! This had to be the maddest thing I 've ever seen . " Soon , Adams was hooked on "  Doctor Who . " Seventeen years later , he has become a writer and actor with two "  Doctor Who " fan films on his resume . He credits the show for many of his friendships and his marriage . All of this because of a show about an alien with two hearts who travels through space and time , keeping the universe safe . Ever since the BBC first aired this little science fiction series for families on November 23 , 1963 , it 's gained a fan base - often called "  Whovians " - that has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years , especially in the U.S. "  It 's certainly a broader base now , that 's certainly true , " said Peter Davison , who portrayed the Fifth Doctor in the early 1980s . There have been 11 Doctors in all , with a 12th on the way next month -- though they 're all the same character , much like James Bond , but not exactly . People will tell Adams "  how important the program was to them . Perhaps they saw it at a very difficult time in their life and they could identify with the Doctor or the companions in some way , and it became very important to them . And I do n't think I 've done another program where anyone 's said that to me before . " The show is celebrating its 50th anniversary  with the worldwide simulcast of a special anniversary episode , including BBC and BBC America on Saturday  , a rare feat for anything on TV , and has shaped the lives of generations of fans . It holds the Guinness Book world record for longest running science fiction television program . A shared love of ` Who ' Caitlin Beerer 's life was affected quite quickly after being introduced to "  Doctor Who " in 2011 . The Cleveland student was a fan of the show , but that fandom turned into something bigger when she saw that same 1996 Fox TV movie starring Paul McGann  the only episode of "  Doctor Who " where he was the star up until very recently  . "  The Eighth Doctor is completely wonderful and terribly underrated , " she said . "  I quickly fell in love with him . " She joined Tumblr and dived into the Eighth Doctor community there , soon coming upon a photo of a man named Owen Rickard , portraying the character . Her message to him : "  Marry me . Please . " The two soon began a long-distance relationship driven by "  Doctor Who "  Rickard lives in London  . "  It 's been a wonderful journey through time and space , and it certainly did n't take long for us to figure out that we had found soul mates in each other , even though we live on opposite sides of the Atlantic . " Jared Claxon , who goes to fan conventions dressed as the Third Doctor , has a similar story . His future wife saw him in costume at the 2010 EXPcon in St. Augustine , Florida , and wanted a photo with him . "  Throughout the rest of the day we just talked about our mutual love of ` Doctor Who ' and science fiction , " he said . " ` Doctor Who ' has a magical quality about it that it can instantly break barriers and give someone hours and hours of conversation . Two weeks later we were dating and we have n't looked back ever since ! " Bonding over ` the Doctor ' Just as "  Doctor Who " has brought people together , it has also kept them from drifting apart . "  Because of my job , we have had to move a couple of times , " said Mark Tuttle . "  All of them have been hard moves for the kids , particularly with my daughter Bailey . As she constantly had to say goodbye to her friends , her and I became best friends . ` Doctor Who ' became the show that really cemented our relationship through our love of the characters that shared a lot of the same stories of travel and loss that we did . " Tuttle spent months writing a 68 page eBook called "  Bailey and the Doctor " which he gave his daughter for Christmas in 2010 . "  There is the lesson that there are those in your life that you 'll leave , that will leave you , that will be taken from you and that will just fade away , " he said . "  But they live in your heart and no one can ever take that from you . Essentially , I was able to use the Doctor to tell her what I as her father could n't . " They even went to San Diego Comic-Con this year in costume and waited six hours in line to see the "  Doctor Who " 50th anniversary panel . "  We were in the last 100 people to get into the 6,500 person audience and were the first in the world to see the trailer for the 50th Anniversary special ! " A fandom that has stood the test of time So what is it that has drawn fans to this quirky show over so many years ? "  It transcends genre , " according to Marcus Hearn , author of "  Doctor Who : The Vault : Treasures from the First 50 Years . " "  It has certainly been a science fiction show in its time , but it 's also been a horror show , a comedy , a historical adventure ... even a Western , " he said . "  It 's an institution -- part of the fabric our popular culture . " John Rabon , a fan from Easley , South Carolina , has noticed an increase in the show 's popularity lately . "  I 've always considered myself a geek and felt the things I liked were pretty exclusive to like-minded people , " said Rabon , who often portrays the Ninth Doctor in costume . "  However , it feels like in the last few years , the show 's exposure led to this massive increase of mainstream popularity . " He says there is a big difference between the small but devoted fan base who watched the show in the 1960s , '70s and '80s and the current , broader fandom that was introduced to the show by the rebooted series in 2005 . Some of it could be attributable to the Internet where "  Doctor Who " memes abound on social media sites like Tumblr . The likable , youthful portrayals of the Doctor , especially by David Tennant and Matt Smith could also explain its appeal to those in their teens and 20s , who may have considered it a "  kids show " in the past . "  I often hear stories about how ` Doctor Who ' has really reminded people to embrace learning and creativity again , " said author and iReporter Alan Kistler  "  Doctor Who : A History " is his latest book  . "  It 's great to see a hero who gets so excited by scientific progress and society rising above things like hatred and petty rivalry . It reminds the rest of us what 's supposed to matter . " He said the show 's family-friendly nature does n't hurt either , as it can get passed down from generation to generation . The Doctor 's lesson plan To that end , Sarah Townsend , a high school teacher in Hope Mills , North Carolina , incorporates "  Doctor Who " into her classes . Townsend has been a life-long sci-fi fan , with fond memories of "  Star Trek , " but she discovered "  Doctor Who " over the past few years . "  As a teacher , I take this idea of sharing the wonders the world has to offer and bring it to my classroom , " she said . "  To me , the story of the Doctor embodies many wonderful things we wish to strive for : being a hero , fighting for what is right , making the best out of bad situations , and most importantly , teaching others how to appreciate the wonders that surround us . We are able to take in the wonders and the excitement of the universe . "	TV series ` Doctor Who ' has been thrilling audiences since November 23 , 1963 Fans , or ` Whovians ' enjoy discussing every aspect of the show and dressing up like their favorite of the 11 Doctors ` Doctor Who ' has led to some finding friendships , building relationships and even incorporating it into education
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- An audio message purportedly from the highest-ranking at-large member of Iraq 's Saddam Hussein regime has been released . The speaker is identified as Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , Iraq 's former military commander and vice president who has eluded capture since the fall of the Hussein regime more than seven years ago . The message -- issued on the occasion of the 1968 bloodless coup that brought the Baath Party to power in Iraq -- saluted people who resist the "  occupation . " CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice on the tape , posted Friday on a website devoted to national resistance in Iraq . There have been at least five other purported audio messages from al-Douri . Al-Douri , 66 , served as vice-chairman of Hussein 's Revolutionary Command Council . He has been reported killed and captured during the post-U.S. invasion insurgency , but those reports later turned out to be erroneous . He is the King of Clubs  No. 6  on the U.S. military 's card deck of most-wanted regime officials . In the message , al-Douri calls himself "  secretary-general " of the Baath Party . The U.S. military says he has helped finance the insurgency against U.S. troops in Iraq with Iraqi funds he transferred to Syria before Hussein 's government collapsed in April 2003 . However , the military says his influence has waned while he has been in hiding . U.S. officials say al-Douri played key roles in the chemical attack on the Kurdish town of Halabja in 1988 and in putting down Kurdish and Shiite revolts after the 1991 Persian Gulf War .	Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri has erroneously been reported killed in the past He is the King of Clubs on most-wanted deck of cards The military says his influence has waned
CNN  NFL player Benjamin Watson wants to tackle race . He says he believes talking about race freely is the key to moving forward . On November 25 , 2014 , the tight end took to Facebook to express his thoughts about the unrest in Ferguson , Missouri . His message went viral with nearly 870,000 likes and more than 450,000 shares . Watson 's take on the situation in Ferguson was n't one-sided . The essay allowed a more fresh approach to one of the most delicate conversations in the U.S. : race relations . "  Anytime there 's a situation where you 've got police officers , you 've got citizens , you 've got the race aspect of it -- it 's always a big deal . And everybody comes in on their own side . Everybody has specific experiences that lead them to their conclusions . " says Watson . "  I really think part of the race issue is just for us to be open and honest with each other . " Watson ended his post by turning to the Bible . He mentioned that situations like Ferguson stem from a "  sin " problem rather than a "  skin " problem . However , in his Facebook post , he felt encouraged because he feels the Gospel provides hope : "  I 'M ENCOURAGED , because ultimately the problem is not a SKIN problem , it is a SIN problem . SIN is the reason we rebel against authority . SIN is the reason we abuse our authority . SIN is the reason we are racist , prejudiced and lie to cover for our own . SIN is the reason we riot , loot and burn . "  BUT I 'M ENCOURAGED because God has provided a solution for sin through the His son Jesus and with it , a transformed heart and mind . One that 's capable of looking past the outward and seeing what 's truly important in every human being . The cure for the Michael Brown , Trayvon Martin , Tamir Rice and Eric Garner tragedies is not education or exposure . It 's the Gospel . So , finally , I 'M ENCOURAGED because the Gospel gives mankind hope . " The reaction to Watson 's post was mostly positive . But he drew some backlash when he suggested a faith-based solution to the nation 's race problems . But his wife , Kirsten Watson , agreed with him wholeheartedly . "  His comment is based in truth . His emotions are his emotions , so that 's how he felt about it and that 's his perspective and I do n't think that can be argued , " she said . Watson received national attention when his Facebook post on the Ferguson situation went viral . But if you are n't a diehard football fan , you may not be familiar with No. 82 of the New Orleans Saints . Watson entered the league when he was drafted by the New England Patriots in 2004 . Six years later , he signed with the Cleveland Browns . He joined the "  Who Dat Nation " in 2013 . Watson shared his Christian beliefs while expressing how upset he was about the fatal shooting of Michael Brown . Some may have been surprised about the amount of transparency the NFL player displayed . "  Being a Christian is who you are and playing football is what you do . I think when it comes to football , God had provided me a platform and I want to be responsible for what he has given me . And it 's not comfortable for me all the time , " he says . Watson 's spiritual journey began during childhood . "  I 'm the oldest of six kids . We had a 15-year gap between me and my youngest brother . My father is a pastor in South Carolina . I was born in Norfolk , Virginia , but we moved to South Carolina when I was in high school , " says Watson . "  My dad used to say whatever you start , finish it . You are going to give 100 % because you 're not doing it just for yourself , you 're doing it for the Lord . " In college , Watson found someone who shared his beliefs . He met his wife at the University of Georgia during a Fellowship of Christian Athletes meeting . "  One thing that Benjamin and I said when we got married is that we wanted our marriage to be a ministry . It makes sense we would talk about healing and bringing people together , " says Kirsten Watson . And as a father of four -- soon to be five -- Benjamin Watson knows it all starts at home . "  I want my kids to see me as a leader , a protector , a lover of my wife . ... Daddy caring , but also trustworthy and faithful , " he says . The couple started the One More Foundation to make a greater impact in communities and be an example to their children . "  We decided to start the organization not only to help others , but to leave a legacy for our kids of giving . We want them to understand that giving is important . Whether it 's money , food or time , giving to someone else is what we 're called to do . "	NFL tight end Benjamin Watson is a Christian , husband and father who shares his thoughts about life on social media He says he believes if we can talk about race more freely , the nation can move forward Watson 's Facebook essay on the unrest in Ferguson , Missouri , went viral
CNN  -- A 99-year-old woman was finally awarded her college diploma at a special graduation ceremony after a $ 5 diploma fee prevented her from receiving it 75 years ago . Jessie Rose White of Belfast , Maine , received a degree in stenography and bookkeeping after completing courses at Beal College in Bangor in 1939 . "  I 'm delighted ! " White said Monday , "  I did n't have the money to pay for the diploma , so I did n't get it . " White says she put herself through bookkeeping courses with $ 500 her uncle had given her years before she enrolled at Beal . "  It stayed in the bank , and he specified it could n't be used for anything but education , " White said . White says she used all her money to complete the required courses and could not afford the $ 5 diploma fee . Dona Gilbert , a friend of White 's who recently learned about her education plight , contacted the college to share White 's story . "  She deserved a diploma . I just thought it needed to be done , " Gilbert said . Beal College President Allen Stehle presented White with her diploma . "  He gave me a receipt showing that it was paid for , " White said . "  He has a great sense of humor . " Diagnosed with polio at 18 months old , White used crutches to make her way around the Beal campus when she was a student . She struggled to get a job after because of her disability , working as a bookkeeper and later a seamstress . Today , after a number of foot surgeries , White uses a wheelchair . A regular on the computer and the Internet , White intends to keep pursuing an education . "  I 've always had a great thirst for learning , and I try to learn something new every day . I 'd love to go back to college now if I had the strength . " Gilbert says she is constantly impressed by White 's attitude . "  When I visit her , we just never stop talking , " Gilbert said . "  She 's curious and always asking questions . She has taught me and enriched my life in tremendous ways . " White was joined at her graduation by her son , daughter-in-law and three grandchildren . "  We 're very appreciative of the care and attention to detail that was put into the graduation ceremony , " said her son , William White . The diploma gives her maiden name , Jessie Rose Jones . "  I 'm glad I had to wait 75 years , because it was more fun than it would have been in the first place , " White said .	A $ 5 diploma fee prevented Jessie Rose White from receiving her degree in 1939 "  I 've always had a great thirst for learning , " White said A friend shared White 's story with Beal College in Bangor
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- And now , the rejects . The photographs show the Boeing VC-25 making a steep bank not usually seen with passenger aircraft Three months after the White House released a single photograph taken during a photo op of "  Air Force One " flying over New York -- a flight that caused panic on the streets below -- the U.S. Air Force on Friday released the remaining 145 photos taken during the flight . The photographs show the Boeing VC-25 -- a military version of a 747 -- making three passes by the Statue of Liberty , at one point accompanied by an F-16 fighter jet and at another point making a steep bank not usually seen with passenger aircraft . That latter move may have contributed to the chaos below . The photographs and several lengthy government e-mail chains were released in response to Freedom of Information Act requests by CNN and other news organizations . The e-mail chains show that the flight 's government organizers were aware of many New Yorkers ' fears of low-flying aircraft before the April 27 flight , and show a flurry of second-guessing , finger-pointing , damage control and occasional expressions of regret in the hours immediately after the flight . Watch a compilation of still images of the flyover " "  Thanks for the heads up on sensitivities in the New York area , " an Air Force colonel wrote in an e-mail two days before the flight . "  This is an issue that PAG -LSB- the Presidential Airlift Group -RSB- has also been concerned with . As a result , their coordination has been substantial . " But while the White House , the military and numerous federal and local government agencies coordinated the flight , the federal government demanded secrecy , preparing a news release that was to be distributed only if there were media inquiries . Those inquiries came during the morning flight , triggering a quick chain of e-mails among government officials . "  We ... need to construct some sort of timeline on when folks became aware of it if that is possible , " one Air Force official wrote , responding to the public interest . "  I agree we ... need to accomplish damage control , but we are n't the POC -LSB- point of contact -RSB- , " the response reads . "  Nor do I want to become a belly button for NORAD to push on this one . " Wrote one top Pentagon spokeswoman : "  Nothing like having everyone point the finger at someone else so we ALL look like a big bunch of buffoons ... can you say Moe , Larry & Curly !??!?! " In addition to the informal e-mail banter , the documents show the regimented system the Pentagon uses to monitor and respond to breaking news stories . A U.S. Northern Command document offers this "  assessment " of the story : "  Last 4 hours : Story reported quickly . Covered by AP , CNN , FOX major news outlets . Local reporting very critical , highlighting ` scare ' factor . Local populace very critical of event , due to 9-11 sensitivities . " It continues : "  Web site blog comments ` furious ' at best . Twitter search reveals ` tweets ' regarding two F-16 's chasing commercial airliner . Rate of 1 tweet per minute and growing . " "  No positive spin is possible . Admit mistake , " it concludes . In another e-mail , USAF Col. Scott M. Turner , commander of the Presidential Airlift Group , was doing just that . "  Again , my apologies sir . Real intent here was to honor NYC , not cause mass chaos , " it reads . The next day , the Northern Command 's internal memo included depictions of New York 's three major tabloids featuring the headlines , "  Scare Force One , " "  Just Plane Stupid ! " and "  How Dumb Was This ! " The photographs released Friday , meanwhile , show the presidential aircraft making a steep bank , seemingly well beyond the 30-degree maximum for Boeing 747s carrying passengers , according to one airline pilot consulted by CNN . That may have contributed to the anxiety on the ground . The Pentagon estimated the cost of the flight at $ 328,835 , which includes the Boeing aircraft and the two fighter jets that accompanied it . But , they said , "  the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . " The VC-25 aircraft is designated "  Air Force One " only when the president is aboard . President Obama was not on the plane during the photo op . After the incident , Louis Caldera , the director of the White House Military Office responsible for the flyover , resigned . "  I have concluded that the controversy surrounding the Presidential Airlift Group 's aerial photo shoot over New York City has made it impossible for me to effectively lead the White House Military Office , " Caldera said in a letter to Obama . "  Moreover , it has become a distraction to the important work you are doing as president . After much reflection , I believe it is incumbent on me to tender my resignation and step down as director of the White House Military Office . "	Presidential plane 's flight over New York led to panic on ground Air Force releases 145 new photos of flight ; 1 had been released previously Government e-mail chains from day of flight also released "  No positive spin is possible . Admit mistake , " says one
Istanbul  CNN  -- Thousands of people of all ages gathered Wednesday evening in Ugur Mumcu square in Antakya , a picturesque town in the Hatay province of Turkey . They chanted "  Tayyip istifa ! " or "  Tayyip resign , " demanding that Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan leave office . On nearly every street , CNN journalists heard pots and pans banging and saw security forces . The authorities , who have violently clashed with protesters across Turkey , seemed to be avoiding the demonstrators . Though it was mostly quiet around 10 p.m. local time in Antakya , it seemed that the situation nationally was only getting worse . In a move likely to inflame the anger of Turkish protesters , authorities earlier arrested two dozen social media users on accusations of spreading false information about demonstrations sweeping the nation . Police detained 25 people and were searching for 13 more on accusations of using social media networks such as Twitter to spread false details about the anti-government protests and police reaction to them , according to the semiofficial Anadolu Agency news service . Read more : Is Turkey on the verge of a meltdown ? The government response to the protests -- tear gas , pepper spray and water cannons -- has drawn condemnation from protesters and rights groups . Worldwide , headlines and social media have spread photos of a young woman in a red dress , apparently unarmed , being pepper sprayed by police in Istanbul . She carried only a white satchel and was walking past demonstrators when an officer lunged and sprayed her . Even as she tried to turn away , photos show he continued spraying her , hitting the back of her neck . There have been tweets of support for the woman and the protesters . The woman , however , has said she does n't want the attention . On Wednesday , an official at the police station in Izmir confirmed to CNN that some of those accused of spreading false information on social media were brought in Tuesday night and remained in custody . But the official , who declined to give his name , refused Wednesday to provide additional details . CNN Explains : What 's driving unrest in Turkey ? The mother of one suspect told CNN that police with the Smuggling and Organized Crime Unit showed up in force looking for her daughter -- a high school senior -- but she refused to hand her over without assurances that she would not languish in custody . "  I 'm not giving my daughter up , " teenage suspect Begum Ozpaklar 's mother said . "  I spoke to our lawyer , who spoke with the police , and I 'm not handing my daughter to them until I know that they will take her statement immediately . " "  Those kids are being held behind bars , no sunlight . It 's not healthy , " she said . Twitter ` menace ' It was n't immediately clear what those arrested had posted to draw the attention of authorities , but the Turkish Interior Ministry said Wednesday that false information shared over social media had "  misguided the youth " and led to protests that "  threatened the security of life and property of people , " according to Anadolu . Erdogan , who has been the target of protesters ' ire over what they call his dismissive and authoritarian style , on Sunday described Twitter as society 's "  main menace , " saying it is full of exaggerations and lies . Turkey 's Erdogan : Successful leader or ` dictator ' ? Social networking services such as Twitter have become a mainstay for activists around the world to share information and organize protests and have been widely credited with aiding popular uprisings in Egypt , Libya and other countries . Protests have spread across Turkey in recent days amid dissatisfaction with Erdogan and anger about what protesters and international critics have described as a heavy-handed crackdown on protesters by security forces . The demonstrations began more than a week ago over plans to replace an Istanbul park with a new development but quickly morphed into broader protests against Erdogan 's rule and exploded after protesters complained that police had used unnecessarily harsh tactics in an effort to break up the rallies . Authorities have used tear gas and water cannons on protesters , sparking violent clashes that medical officials say have injured at least 4,355 people , according to the Turkish Medical Association . Two people have been killed ; one person in Istanbul and one in Hatay . Three remain in critical condition with 10 suffering head trauma . At least 10 people have lost an eye , the association told CNN Wednesday . On Tuesday , the group complained of "  unprecedented and abusive use of force by police officers against protestors " and demanded immediate steps to stop it . Istanbul 's Taksim Square -- where the protests began -- was filled with protesters Wednesday but was calm . The presence of organized labor unions was noticeable on the second day of a general strike called by a coalition of unions . Ankara also was calm Wednesday , a day after riot police in armored vehicles topped with water cannons made a show of force in the city 's central Kizilay Square , the site of earlier violent clashes between protesters and security forces . At the home of Abdullah Comert , who died in the protests , friends and family placed blame squarely at Erdogan 's feet . "  Erdogan is like Assad , he is a dictator , " a woman mourning at the house Wednesday said , referring to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , whose government has battled rebellion for two years in a conflict that has left tens of thousands dead . ` Aggression ' acknowledged Erdogan 's governing Justice and Development Party showed some acknowledgment of the protesters ' initial grievances Tuesday . Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc apologized "  for the police aggression against our citizens who were involved in the initial protests and acted with environmental concern , " Anadolu reported . He said security forces had been ordered to only use gas in self-defense . "  They are doing a hard job . When they are executing their jobs , they may sometimes use extraordinary , even excessive , use of force . But they wait in a passive mode unless something comes from the other side , " Arinc said . And he added , "  I do n't think we owe an apology to those who caused destruction on the streets and who interfered with people 's freedom . " A channel for frustrations The protests began as a small sit-in over plans were made to raze Gezi Park -- the last green space in central Istanbul -- and replace it with a replica of 19th-century Ottoman barracks containing a shopping mall . After riot police moved in to break up the demonstration with tear gas and pepper spray , protesters set up barricades and hurled bottles at police . Analysts say the protests have provided a channel for Turks who feel alienated and frustrated by Erdogan 's government . Opposition parties are weak and divided , observers say , and have failed to convincingly challenge the governing party during its decade in power . Under Erdogan , the Turkish economy has grown strongly and his party has been rewarded with comfortable victories at the ballot box . But many secular Turks complain that the Islamist-rooted government is intolerant of criticism and diverse lifestyles , as evidenced by the recent enactment of tight restrictions on the sale of alcohol , Fadi Hakura , manager of the Turkey Project at the London-based think tank Chatham House , said in a CNN.com column . Critics also complain about rapid urbanization and its effects on the environment , an issue that helped spark the initial protests in Gezi Park . Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul ; and CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Ivan Watson , Nick Paton Walsh , Talia Kayali , Jethro Mullen and Josh Levs also contributed to this report .	NEW : Worldwide , headlines and social media abuzz with photos of pepper-sprayed woman Police arrest social media users for spreading allegedly false information NEW : In Hatay Province , protesters shouted "  Tayyip istifa ! " calling for prime minister 's resignation Authorities have blamed social media for inciting violent protests
CNN  -- As public health officials across the country look into the salmonella outbreak that began in the spring , the state of California believes it has identified its earliest cases -- and says its investigation helped tip off the rest of the country to the source of the problem . On May 28 and 29 , several people became sick after attending either a prom or a graduation party in Clara County , according to Joy Alexiou , a spokeswoman for the Santa Clara County Public Health Department . Tests on some of the victims , including a catering worker who nibbled on the food , determined that the culprit was salmonella , she said . That finding triggered an investigation . By interviewing prom - and party-goers about what they had eaten , the Santa Clara County Health Department found at least one common link -- a delicate custard-filled pastry called profiteroles that was served at both events . According to Michael Sicilia , a spokesman for the California Department of Health , the caterer had run out of pasteurized filler , and made the rest of the fillings with shell eggs . Throughout June and early July , county officials noted more clusters of two or more salmonella cases . In all , 42 people in Santa Clara County tested positive for salmonella , including six who ended up in the hospital , Alexiou said . Similar clusters were popping up all over California , including four in San Diego County -- one traced to a Korean restaurant -- and another incident involving food served on a movie set in Los Angeles , an incident under investigation by Los Angeles County . In Santa Clara County , investigators were faced with a dilemma . Because the link to eggs did n't emerge for several weeks after people fell ill , there were no eggs left to test . Local investigators relied on interviews with food preparers and companies to draw a trail back to a company in Iowa : Wright County Egg . In other counties , too , the trail led in the same direction , according to health officials . On July 29 , the California Department of Health sent a notice to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the U.S. Department of Agriculture , warning of a connection to Wright County Egg . Sicilia said the alert helped confirm the suspicions of officials in other states who were also investigating a surge in salmonella cases . California is just one of 23 states that received eggs potentially contaminated by salmonella from Wright County Egg or Hillandale Farms of Iowa , the distributors at the center of the recall of more than half a billion eggs . In Minnesota , the agriculture department noted its first seven cases between May 5 and 7 . Investigators have been able to link those illnesses to a Mexican restaurant in Bemidji , which bought eggs that were produced at Hillandale Farms and distributed by a North Dakota-based wholesaler . Michigan is the latest state on the list of 23 . The Michigan Department of Agriculture told CNN on Tuesday that eggs associated with the recall have been distributed in the state . As the federal government investigates the egg recall and the related salmonella outbreak that it says has sickened about 1,300 Americans , the regulatory process is coming under scrutiny from the agencies responsible and people affected by the food safety crisis . Thomas R. Frieden , the director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Wednesday the investigation took a while because of its complexity . "  The clusters were very small . Two or three patients here , two or three patients there . " Frieden also indicated the organism and its DNA fingerprint are common , making it harder to isolate . It took weeks to determine the illnesses came from eggs and the producers who shipped them , he told the Atlanta Press Club . Frieden , who indicated federal , state and local health agencies are better now at working together , said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's new egg safety measures , along with a stalled food safety bill , are essential . "  I think the major focus has to be prevention . " John Boyd Jr. , the founder and president of the National Black Farmers Association , said that a lack of regulation by the federal government allowed this public health scourge to happen . "  The bottom line here is there should have been more inspections before the outbreak . I know Congress is looking at ... legislation to bring more enforcement , " Boyd , who said he 's been a poultry farmer for 14 years , said on Tuesday 's "  CNN Newsroom . " Speaking on a conference call with reporters Monday afternoon , Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said federal regulations that took effect in July could have prevented the situation . The new regulations went into effect July 9 requiring egg producers with more than 3,000 hens to take measures designed to prevent the spread of salmonella . The current outbreak began in May and was traced to two Iowa farms , according to the FDA . One of them , Wright County Egg , has recalled 380 million eggs ; the other , Hillandale Farms , recalled 170 million eggs . "  We believe that had these rules been in place at an earlier time , it would have very likely enabled us to identify the problems on this farm before this kind of outbreak occurred , " Hamburg said . While FDA inspectors typically did n't inspect farms until after an outbreak of illness , Jeff Farrar , the associate commissioner for food safety at the Food and Drug Administration , said under the new rule , "  We will be beginning routine inspections of egg farms throughout the United States . " Food safety regulators do n't expect any more recalls after last week 's withdrawal of about 550 million eggs from the U.S. market , but inspections are still going on . Farrar would not release details of the inspections , which also involve a third operation that supplied the two egg producers , but the results could be released later this week , he said . While the recall involves hundreds of millions of eggs , they represent less than 1 percent of the 80 billion eggs produced in the United States each year , said Krista Eberle , director of the food safety program at the Egg Safety Center . The Egg Safety Center is run by United Egg Producers , a trade group that describes itself as a cooperative of egg farmers from all across the United States , representing the ownership of approximately 95 percent of all the nation 's egg-laying hens . CNN Senior Medical Producer Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	NEW : 42 people in county tested positive for salmonella California 's health department believes it has discovered the earliest outbreak there Minnesota 's first related case was as early as May 5 About 1,300 cases of salmonella are linked to eggs
Rolling Stone  -- Lenny Kravitz chose a life of rock and soul a long time ago and until recently was never tempted by the movies . "  In the last 22 years , while I was making my music , I was offered a lot of films , " Kravitz tells Rolling Stone . "  I just did n't find the roles very interesting -- a lot of clichÃ © d type of stuff and really obvious things . I did n't want to make films because I can . There 's no point in that . " That changed in a big way with his first feature-film role in the 2009 drama "  Precious , " and now with a key role in next month 's "  The Hunger Games . " Based on the hugely popular novel of the same name , the new film is set in post-apocalyptic North America , where teenage gladiators are chosen to battle to the death in annual televised games . Kravitz plays Cinna , stylist and confidant to the rebellious Katniss Everdeen  played by Jennifer Lawrence  , the central figure in the book and movie . "  I always figured it would come back into my life , " Kravitz says of acting . "  I was an actor when I was a kid . When I realized music was my thing , I just gave it up . I put blinders on , just focused on music . It 's come back now and I really am enjoying it . " Kravitz took the role after meeting with director Gary Ross  "  Pleasantville "  and reading the first book of the best-selling trilogy by Suzanne Collins . "  I thought it was really good storytelling , " Kravitz says . "  I 'm very much into stories . The character was interesting . I like Gary 's previous work . And I said , Yeah , let 's go . " In "  The Hunger Games , " his character creates a series of striking outfits for the young warrior , which is n't exactly a stretch for the stylish rocker . "  He 's very streamlined , he 's very quiet , " Kravitz says of Cinna . "  He knows what he 's doing . He 's confident . He 's got a big heart . I just liked the way he moved -- very smooth . " As a musician , Kravitz is used to being in total control of his work -- writing , performing and producing -- and that control reflects on him as an artist . "  It 's about me , as it should be , " he says . "  But in this case , it 's got nothing to do with me . It 's about a director 's vision , a character , and I really like that . " The film opens on March 23 . Up next for Kravitz is "  Negrophilia , " the funk album he interrupted to record last year 's "  Black and White America . " Music remains his central concern , but he now also considers himself a working actor . "  I 'm just waiting for the right roles to come in , " he says . "  Thank god I have a day job . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  I did n't want to make films because I can . There 's no point in that , " Lenny Kravitz said "  He 's very streamlined , he 's very quiet , " Kravitz says of Cinna in "  The Hunger Games " Music remains his central concern , but he considers himself a working actor , he said
A Palestinian man has admitted to deliberately ramming a vehicle into three Israeli soldiers in the West Bank two weeks ago -- one of several recent cases of violence in the Palestinian territory or Jerusalem -- Israeli police said Thursday . Jamal Hamam Mesalmeh , 23 , turned himself in to Israeli authorities shortly after the November 5 incident near the village of al-Aroub and claimed it was an accident , police said . The soldiers suffered moderate injuries , officials said at the time . Israeli police said Mesalmeh is an activist associated with the Islamist Hamas movement . Police said he claimed he was inspired in part by an attack in eastern Jerusalem earlier November 5 -- one in which Israeli authorities said a Palestinian drove into pedestrians at a rail station , killing two Israelis and at least 12 other people before police shot and killed the driver . Tensions between Israelis and Palestinians have worsened in recent months , agitated in part by arguments over the Jerusalem holy site called the Temple Mount by Jews and Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary , by Muslims . Those incidents include Tuesday 's attack on a Jerusalem synagogue , where Israeli authorities say two Palestinian cousins wielding a gun killed four worshipers and a police officer before the assailants themselves were killed . It was the deadliest attack in Jerusalem since 2008 . Hamas did not claim responsibility for Tuesday 's killings , but a spokesman for the group linked it to the discovery Sunday of a Palestinian bus driver hanged in his bus not far from the synagogue . Israeli authorities say the bus driver 's death was a suicide , but his family disputes that , claiming he was attacked . The violence followed other hit-and-run incidents last month . On October 22 , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light-rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people Israeli police said . Three days earlier , a 5-year-old girl died after an Israeli settler deliberately ran her over as she returned him from kindergarten in the West Bank , Palestinian state news reported .	Jamal Hamam Mesalmeh , 23 , claims he drove into soldiers on purpose , police say Attack happened November 5 in the West Bank ; three soldiers were injured Violent incident was one of several in recent weeks in the West Bank and Jerusalem
CNN  -- U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III plans to emulate the decision of his Presidents Cup counterpart Fred Couples and select former world number one Tiger Woods for next year 's contest with Europe . Woods , a 14-time major winner , has struggled with form and fitness since problems in his personal life emerged two years ago . The American has slipped to 50th in golf 's world rankings , having not won a tournament since the Australian Masters in November 2009 . But the 35-year-old 's recent slump has not prevented Couples , the 1992 Masters champion , from selecting Woods as a wildcard pick for November 's Presidents Cup clash with the International team in Australia . "  Well I 've been asked that a lot , what would I do if I was in Fred 's situation , " Love , himself a former major champion , told a press conference at Medina Golf and Country Club in Chicago , the venue for the 2012 Ryder Cup . Look out Europe : American golf is bouncing back "  You certainly want one of the best players ever in the game , you want him on your team . I 'm hoping , for Tiger 's sake , that he has a full healthy season next year and we are not in this situation . That he 's back to his form and he 's ready to go . "  I would love to play as Tiger Woods ' partner in a Presidents Cup or a Ryder Cup . So I would probably have to go with exactly what Fred did . " Woods has played in six Ryder Cups since 1997 , but his only experience of team victory came at Brookline , Massachusetts in 1999 after missing out due to injury three years ago . He had planned to take the rest of this year off , but his Presidents Cup selection persuaded him to enter the Frys.com Open starting October 6 , when he will be partnered by new caddy Joe LaCava -- who carried Couples ' bag for more than 20 years . LaCava left Couples this year when the 51-year-old decided to reduce his playing schedule , and worked with 2010 Ryder Cup player Dustin Johnson until the end of the PGA Tour 's recent FedEx Cup playoffs . "  Joe is an outstanding caddy , " Woods told his official website on Sunday . "  I have known him for many years . I 've personally seen the great job he did for Freddie . I 'm anxious for us to be working together . " LaCava added : "  I 'm excited to be working with Tiger . I contacted Tiger and Mark  Steinberg , Woods ' agent  because this is a unique opportunity to be part of something very special . "  Tiger and I have been friends for a very long time , and I know what he can do . "	U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III wants Tiger Woods in his 2012 team Fred Couples has picked Woods as a wildcard for the Presidents Cup in November The former world No. 1 has dropped down the rankings to 50th after two hard years Woods has hired Couples ' former caddy Joe LaCava as his new bagman
For the first time since facing an onslaught of criticism this year over his foreign policy views , Sen. Rand Paul spelled out his national security principles Thursday in a comprehensive speech . The Kentucky Republican , who 's aggressively laying groundwork for a potential presidential campaign , sought to paint himself as a champion of "  conservative realism , " a doctrine that skates between the hawkish and dovish ends of the foreign policy spectrum . "  Yes , we need a hammer ready , but not every civil war is a nail , " he said in New York at the Center for the National Interest , a think-tank founded by former President Richard Nixon . "  We need a foreign policy that recognized our limits , preserves our might and a common sense conservative realism of strength and action , " he added . Rand Paul : Washington 's ` barnacled enablers ' push for constant war Paul attempted to address critics that characterize his views as isolationist and was aiming to approach his speech Thursday from the perspective of a major , would-be U.S. leader , rather than a lawmaker , a spokesman told CNN before the speech . He sketched out how and when he would advocate for the use of force , saying he would only do so if he felt the United States or its interests were threatened . He said he supported the response to al Qaeda after 9/11 , for example , but disagrees with the continued U.S. presence in Afghanistan . Rand Paul takes veiled swipe at Ted Cruz "  It 's hard to understand our current objective . Stalemate and perpetual policing seems to be our mission now in Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , " he said . " A precondition for the use of force must be a clear end and a goal . " He went on to underscore his widely known position that a president should seek authorization from Congress before taking military action . Paul recycled his own criticism that President Barack Obama , "  urged on by  former Secretary of State  Hillary Clinton , " took action in Libya without approval , yet now the country is a "  sanctuary for terror groups across North Africa . " "  America should n't fight wars where the best outcome is stalemate . America should n't fight wars when there is no plan for victory . America should n't fight wars that are n't authorized by the American people , " he said . Rand Paul responds to GOP criticism "  America should and will fight wars when the consequences -- intended and unintended -- are worth the sacrifice , " he continued . "  The war on terror is not over , and America can not disengage from the world . " He also talked at length about maintaining diplomatic relationships abroad and expressed support for using sanctions to underwrite diplomacy against countries such as Russia and Iran . And he reiterated a stance he has consistently taken : that the country 's debt is one of its biggest national security threats . Dick Cheney : Rand Paul is ` not familiar with the facts ' His speech comes as he attempts to further distance himself from the more libertarian views trumpeted by his father , three-time presidential candidate and former congressman Ron Paul . With an eye on the presidency , Rand Paul has sought to broaden his appeal to establishment Republicans and even Democrats . The attention has attracted close scrutiny of his views and past statements on foreign policy , as Paul has been known to frequently break with his own party and lean toward staying out of foreign entanglements .  Last month he slammed hawkish lawmakers for being "  barnacled enablers " that have "  never met a war they did n't like . " Rand Paul : Aid to Israel OK -- for now He was widely panned this year when he evolved in his opinion about the crisis in Ukraine , as well as the threat of ISIS in the Middle East , as both situations continued to worsen . On ISIS , for example , he penned an opinion piece earlier this summer openly questioning the value of launching airstrikes against militants in Iraq . But not long after the beheading of American James Foley , Paul became supportive of a U.S.-led air campaign against the terrorist organization -- a change that critics made sure to highlight as a massive flip-flop but what Paul reluctantly admitted as a change in views based on the situation at hand , the "  realist " side of his worldview . Thursday night , he stressed his support for airstrikes as a way to "  rebalance " the region but reiterated his opposition to another key part of Obama 's strategy : arming Syrian rebels to fight ISIS militants . He expressed doubt that ISIS will be dismantled in the future , saying in the end it will be up to the countries in the region to take care of the situation . Michael Czin , press secretary for the Democratic National Committee , argued that Paul wo n't be able to overcome confusion about Paul 's foreign policy with just one speech . "  For months , Rand Paul has been twisting in the wind , trying to explain his foreign policy vision , " he said . "  The fact is , a speech defending the indefensible wo n't make Paul 's worldview any more palatable to the American people . "	Rand Paul hits back at critics with a big foreign policy speech . Paul outlines when he thinks the U.S. should use force in foreign entanglements The Kentucky Republican is considered to be shaping a potential 2016 presidential run
CNN  -- Last week , members of the House of Representatives turned their attention to the biggest Obama scandal yet . No , I do not mean the IRS or Benghazi . Those are more partisan witch hunt than true scandal , a point backed up by recent CNN polling that shows independents and moderates trust the White House 's take . I also do not mean the investigations of The Associated Press or Fox News reporter James Rosen . Both are worrying cases of the national security state trumping freedom of the press , but neither appear to have made it to the president 's desk . And I hate to break it to the many fans of the hit TV show "  Scandal , " but that is not what I am referring to , either . This is the real scandal : President Obama said in his second inaugural address that failing to act on climate change would "  betray future generations . " Now , many expect that he is ready to do exactly that by approving the Keystone XL pipeline . Last week , the pro-Keystone House of Representatives voted to take the decision out of Obama 's hands . It may be unnecessary . In fact , Organizing for Action -- the Obama campaign organization that speaks for the president through his Facebook and Twitter accounts -- recently told activists that because the president has not taken a position on the pipeline , they should take their advocacy elsewhere . Even more scandalous : The White House appears to be basing its decision on myths . Keystone XL is not just another pipeline moving "  oil . " It would carry chemically treated tar sands . A few years ago this tar leaked into the Kalamazoo River in Michigan . Three years and $ 1 billion later , the Kalamazoo may never come back . Tar sands is not traditional oil . It is a pipe-eating , planet-cooking , water-fouling goo that nobody knows how to get out of our water . Keystone will not make us energy independent . The foreign company behind the pipeline , TransCanada , itself admits that the pipeline is key to getting tar sands to the world market . The company made no promises to sell any of that oil to the United States . The Keystone XL pipeline will bring dirty fuel through America , not to America . As for the jobs we were promised , the president 's own State Department says Keystone will create only 35 permanent jobs . If President Obama buys these myths , he should embrace this project publicly . He should call it the "  Obama Tar Sands Pipeline . " He should show up at the ribbon cutting . If he refuses to do that and still approves Keystone XL , the first thing that pipeline will run over is his credibility on climate . Now , that is a scandal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : Obama might OK Keystone pipeline , betraying his environmental vows Jones : Keystone 's tar sands not traditional oil , it 's a pipe-eating goo that fouls water Keystone pipeline brings dirty fuel through U.S. to world markets , not to U.S. , he says Jones : State Department says Keystone will create only 35 permanent jobs
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- Several times a week , a 74-year-old grandmother drives into the murder capital of the world to help keep a sanctuary for its citizens alive . Guadalupe Arizpe De La Vega insists on returning to her hometown to preserve the Hospital de la Familia , a health center she started more than 30 years ago . "  It 's very , very important to keep that place open , giving good services " to the people of Juarez , De La Vega says . "  Because it 's their hope . " But her journey from El Paso , Texas , to Juarez has seared some painful images into her mind . "  We were going under a bridge and there was a body upside down without a head , hanging there with all the blood flowing , " she recalls . "  It was something like a horror movie . " Such sights have become increasingly common in Juarez , as Mexico 's drug war has intensified . Nearly 2,000 people have been killed so far this year , including 34 members of the municipal police . That 's on top of the 2,623 deaths last year and 1,908 deaths in 2007-08 . Despite the violence , De La Vega 's hospital and its staff -- which treats about 900 patients daily , regardless of their ability to pay -- have remained unharmed . "  Our hospital has not been touched . Our doctors have not been kidnapped . This is a miracle of God , believe me , " she says . "  Everybody knows that -LSB- it 's a -RSB- safe place for healing , for loving , for empowering people . Why would they be against that ? We have been working there for 37 years with the community , " she says . "  We do n't turn anybody away . " De La Vega , who is married to a prominent businessman from Juarez , lived there for decades , but the escalating violence , murder , crime and corruption recently forced her to move to El Paso . She says the tipping point came when her family was threatened . "  They called and they said that they had kidnapped my daughter . They wanted us to send the money , but my daughter came into the room while we were talking to them . More than anything I wanted to protect my three children , " she says . De La Vega says she has lost friends and neighbors in the conflict , but she insists she 's not afraid -- and she 's determined to help the people of Juarez continue receiving the medical care they need . De La Vega has always been passionate about health care , volunteering with the Red Cross when she was 8 years old . She became an advocate for maternal and infant health in the early 1970s after reading a newspaper article about an impoverished mother of nine , pregnant with her 10th child , who tried to kill her fetus by stabbing herself in the stomach . De La Vega went to visit the woman in jail and asked her why she did not practice family planning . Shocked to learn the woman lacked the most basic knowledge about preventing pregnancy , De La Vega helped her obtain legal counsel and began a quest to educate other women . She partnered with community health volunteers called "  promotoras " in villages across Mexico to help educate women about family planning and support maternal and infant health . "  We want the baby to have a good beginning in life . From there , you can do everything else , " she says . One of De La Vega 's first clinics was built in the early '70s where the Hospital de la Familia sits today . It was just a few rooms and was not equipped for delivering babies . But when De La Vega opened the doors to a desperate woman in labor , it started a decades-long expansion process that recently resulted in the birth of the facility 's 100,000 th baby . The hospital does far more than deliver babies . With a staff of 144 doctors and 192 nurses , Hospital de la Familia performs emergency care as well as routine and specialized surgeries for adults and children . Six months ago , specialists were brought in to perform the hospital 's first successful heart surgery . And De La Vega is always looking for ways to provide more services to the community . "  Every year is a little bit bigger and a little bit better , " she says . "  We want the poorest people to have the best care because they need it and they deserve it . " Although the Hospital de la Familia does charge patients who are able to pay , it does not currently make a profit -- though it hopes to be sustainable one day . For now , the hospital is funded entirely by a nonprofit organization called FEMAP-SADEC that was founded by De La Vega . The Hospital de la Familia is just one of the organization 's many health care facilities . In addition to seven hospitals and 32 FEMAP-SEDAC clinics across Mexico , the organization also started a microfinancing program and nursing school . For De La Vega , who frequently visits patients and is active in administrative , operational and financial aspects at the hospital , her work not only saves lives but has given meaning to her own life as well . "  I just love it . Because it 's my life , it 's my passion . I get the privilege of experiencing the magic moment of change from sickness to health , from darkness to light , from apathy to enthusiasm . This is what gives me meaning to my life . " Want to get involved ? Check out the FEMAP Foundation website at www.femap.org and see how to help .	Guadalupe Arizpe De La Vega opened a hospital in Juarez , Mexico , 30 years ago With violence plaguing the streets of Juarez , the hospital is more important now than ever De La Vega 's nonprofit organization ensures people are treated even if they ca n't pay De La Vega , 74 , lives in El Paso , Texas , but still travels to Juarez several times a week
CNN  -- Michael Chang is in the record books as the youngest winner of a grand slam but his French Open triumph in 1989 is largely remembered for one extraordinary moment in a last 16 match against Ivan Lendl . Few people gave the 17-year-old Chinese American much chance against the world number one and three-time French Open champion . The odds lengthened still further when the Czech took a two sets lead . But Chang fought back to level at two sets all , despite suffering from cramp at the end of the fourth set . "  I actually knew I was in trouble at the end of the fourth because I started cramping . Our match was about four hours and 37 minutes and against Ivan on clay , that 's a pretty long time , " he told CNN . But it got even worse as the match went into the decider on Court Philippe Chatrier at Roland Garros as Chang recounts . "  In the fifth set , at 2-1 in the fifth set , I almost decided to call it quits , I could n't serve , I could n't dig out any balls that were hit in the corners and I walked to the service line , to basically tell the umpire I ca n't play anymore , I 'm done . " But Chang , who has strong religious beliefs , had a sudden change of heart . Unbelievable conviction "  I get to the service line and I get an unbelievable conviction , just a conviction in my heart and it was almost as if God was saying , what are you doing ? "  It dawned on me that if I was to quit then and there , every other difficult time I have there on the court it was just going to make it that much easier to quit . "  And from there , it was n't so much a matter of winning and losing , my objective that day was to finish the race which was that match , which was that fifth set . Win or lose I had to finish the match . " The resilient Chang started to hit slow looping returns "  moonballs " to recover and give himself more time and it worked as he forged a 4-3 lead -- until the cramps returned with a vengeance . Trailing 15-30 on his own service , the writing was on the wall when Chang decided on an unconventional approach , which was to decide the outcome of the match . "  Then at 15-30 , spur of the moment , I was just like , I 'm going to throw an underhand serve in here , cause I 'm not doing anything off my first serve anyways . "  Let 's see if maybe I can scrape a point . I hit the underhand serve , Ivan was kind of surprised about it , moved , kind of got squeezed in because of the spin and had to come in because the serve was so short . I hit a passing shot , clipped the tape and it went off the top of his racket and the crowd went absolutely nuts ! . Mental battle "  And you can see Ivan going back to the baseline to return the 30-all point and he was kind of going like this  tapping his head  and it became a sort of mental battle . " Lendl did not win another game as Chang closed out the match , but it was another unconventional tactic which sealed his victory as he forged two match points on his opponent 's service . "  I had two match points so I might as well take a crack at one of them . I 've got a second serve coming , he 's got to be a little bit tight , my shots have been going in so I might as well take one good rip at it , I 've got another one if I happen to miss it and that 's what my mentality was . " Chang 's "  tactic " was to stand right in on Lendl 's delivery almost at the service line and it rattled the legendary Czech . "  The crowd started going nuts , they started whistling and stuff like that . He actually looked up at Richard Ins  the chair umpire  and was like hey , the crowd 's making a noise , can I hit a first serve , and Richard told him no , and he stepped up and threw the double , double fault . " It was an extraordinary end to an extraordinary match and Chang eventually progressed into the title match against Sweden 's Stefan Edberg . Once again he faced an uphill battle as Edberg recovered from a set down to lead two sets to one and was on top in the fourth . "  The fourth set I should have lost , I was down 11 break points and I only had one break point , it just happened to be on set point , " Chang said . "  And I snuck that one , and then I think Stefan was a little tired in the fifth even though he was up early with a break . " History books Once it was retrieved , Chang charged through the decider , taking it 6-2 to claim his place in the tennis record books With the momentous events in Tiananmen Square taking place on the middle weekend of that French Open , Chang wanted to dedicate his victory to the wider Chinese community in his native America and around the world . "  I almost kind of feel that it was almost God 's purpose for me to win that French Open . "  I really think it was about putting a smile on Chinese people 's faces when there was n't a whole lot to smile about . That 's part of the reason why I think the French Open happened in the way that it did . " It 's 23 years since Chang 's unexpected triumph - his only grand slam title . He lost to Thomas Muster in the 1995 French Open final and to Boris Becker and Pete Sampras at the Australian and U.S. Open finals of 1996 . The 1995 loss to Austrian legend Muster still hurts , but Chang believes it would have been hard to match the impact of his 1989 triumph . "  I do n't know if any grand slam win following that one would have been more special . That being said , I would have liked to have won in 1995 in the finals but it was not meant to be , " he said . Major force Chang remained a major force on the ATP tour throughout the 90s , a decade which began with a notable triumph for the United States . " I think the other highlights of my career would have to be winning the Davis Cup in 1990 and a career No. 2 in the world , being inducted into the International International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2008 and also meeting my wife Amber through tennis ! I have much to be thankful for ! " he added . Chang retired from the main tour in 2003 , but still competes on the Champions Tour and in World Team Tennis . He pairs up in mixed doubles with his wife of four years Amber Liu , who is a former two-time NCAA champion from Stanford University . They have a young daughter , "  hopefully there 'll be a racket in her hand sometime soon , " said Chang , who is a keen supporter of junior tennis . He also keeps an eye on the achievements of Chinese players and welcomed Li Na 's victory in the women 's singles at last year 's French Open . "  I do know Li Na a little bit , I did send her a congratulatory email . " Lin connection Chang is also in content with another Chinese American who is making making the sort of headlines he did back in 1989 . Both he and Knicks basketball sensation Jeremy Lin share a strong Christian faith and they have spoken about their wider responsibilities . "  As far as being a role model , I think it 's very important for Jeremy to realize that he is just that not only for the Chinese community but also everywhere else . "  To have the opportunity to touch and impact lives is such a honor and privilege and I hope Jeremy will use the platform that he has to inspire and encourage people wherever he goes . " Chang was certainly an inspirational figure during his tennis career and epic triumph at the French Open in 1989 looks set to stay in the record books for many years to come .	Michael Chang won French Open in 1989 aged just 17 Win over top seed Ivan Lendl in last 16 paved way for grand slam triumph Chang famously served underhand in the fifth set against the World No. 1 He beat Stefan Edberg in the final in five sets but never won another grand slam title
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A pair of bomb blasts in Mogadishu Saturday killed at least 20 people , most of them civilians , police said . An apparent car bomb exploded in the parking lot outside of a restaurant frequented by journalists and civil servants in the Somali capital . Minutes later , a second bomb went off on the other side of the restaurant , police official Mohamed Ali said . Amina Osman , owner of a nearby tea shop , said she heard powerful explosions and saw thick , black smoke billowing from behind a group of buildings at The Village restaurant Saturday morning . Ambulances rushed to the scene of the blast , which shattered windows and sent up a cloud of smoke visible throughout much of the city , she said . It was the second time since last year that The Village restaurant , which is located near the presidential compound , has been attacked . No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack .	A pair of blasts struck at a restaurant in the Somali capital Police say at least 20 people were killed The restaurant is popular with journalists and civil servants
CNN  -- A woman convicted of murder and adultery and sentenced to die by stoning confesses to her part in the plot to kill her husband on an Iranian television program aired Friday night . But the family of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani has steadfastly denied that she played any role in her husband 's death -- and a human rights organization that is trying to help Ashtiani called the program "  a theatrical melodrama . " "  There was a complete disregard for due process , bringing her out and making her a part of this theatrical melodrama is an attempt to try to convince the international public opinion that she is guilty , " said Hadi Ghaemi , director of International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . Iran has drawn sharp criticism from the international community after Ashtiani 's 2010 sentence to death by stoning . Officials ranging from Pope Benedict XVI to the European Union 's top foreign policy official , Catherine Ashton , urged Iran not to carry out the sentence . "  Since the international outcry , the Iranian government is tap-dancing , trying to justify executing her , " said Ghaemi . Press TV , Iran 's government-backed English language station , aired the half-hour special on "  Iran Today . " The program included interviews with -- among others -- Ashtiani and her son . The program brought Ashtiani back to her home in Osku "  to produce a visual account " of the death of her husband "  at the crime scene . " "  This is highly unusual because according to Iranian authorities this is a woman who is in prison convicted of adultery and murder and now she has apparently been plucked out of her jail cell and featured in this documentary , " said CNN 's Reza Sayah "  This was a program designed to promote the government 's position , " said Sayah . This is not the first time Ashtiani has been brought out in front of cameras for an alleged confession . The program also condemns the public campaign to free her . "  It was a very disturbing piece , it was the Iranian government turning a judicial case into a public relations case , " said Ghaemi . Press TV 's release of still photographs of Ashtiani and her son from the interview , which took place on Sunday , fueled some speculation that they had been released , but there was no evidence or confirmation to support that conjecture . Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 . She also received a 10 year prison sentence for her alleged cooperation in the plot to kill her husband . "  The key point here is not just about Ashtiani , but about abolishing stoning in Iran . That is what the Iranian government is trying to diverge attention from . They do n't want to talk about abolishing stoning or Iran 's human rights record , " said Ghaemi . Two German journalists who interviewed Ashtiani were arrested in October and charged with espionage . Ashtiani 's son and lawyer also were arrested , but it was not clear on what charges .	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani confesses to her part in the death of her husband Iranian authorities have brought her before TV camera to confess in the past Her sentence to die by stoning has drawn sharp international criticism Human rights official : Program is attempt to convince the world Ashtiani is guilty
CNN  -- France and the United States put their support behind a new coalition of Syrian dissidents Tuesday , but Damascus slammed the group , saying any effort to topple President Bashar al-Assad will be futile . French President Francois Hollande said his nation "  recognizes the Syrian national coalition as the sole representative of the Syrian people and therefore as the provisional government of the future democratic Syria , making it possible to bring Bashar al-Assad 's regime to an end . " In Washington , a deputy spokesman for the State Department said the U.S. believes the decision to unite opposition groups marks the start of a democratic future for the Syrian people . The U.S. has yet to formally recognize the group , though , as a representative government . Artists tackle Syria 's brutal civil war "  We 're going to work with them in the coming days to ensure that our humanitarian and nonlethal assistance serves the needs of the Syrian people , " Mark Toner told reporters . Hollande , however , said the issue of arming the rebels "  will have to be renewed " in nations that back the new National Coalition Forces of the Syrian Revolution . The Syrian government remained defiant . "  There is no power in this entire world that can defeat Syria because we have a valiant military and our noble people believe in our cause , " Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi said , according to the state-run Tishreen news agency . "  Defending Syria is a national destiny and not a political option . " He also described dissidents outside Syria as "  nothing but an empty bubble . " "  The opposition abroad is clinically dead , and they are in a state of turmoil , " al-Zoubi said . The latest insults in the Syrian civil war came days after opposition factions formally agreed in Qatar to unite on Sunday . Five signs the war in Syria is changing After 20 months of relentless turmoil , rebel forces had not had a unified vision for the country or single military plan to oust al-Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . The United States and Arab nations pressured the groups to get on the same page . The new coalition agreed that it wants al-Assad gone and that no one would talk with his government . Spokesman Mohammed Dugham said the only option now is a totally new government . On Monday , the Arab League and the Gulf Cooperation Council endorsed the coalition . Despite the opposition 's unification efforts -- and in light of the government 's defiance -- the bloody civil war rages on . At least 172 people died Tuesday , including 109 people in the Damascus region , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Arab League recognizes new Syrian opposition coalition The U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday it is working to provide aid to residents who have fled Syria . "  The number of Syrian refugees registered or awaiting registration throughout the surrounding region has now surpassed 407,000 and continues to climb . There are tens of thousands more Syrians around the region who have not registered . Many are expected to come forward for registration and assistance in the coming weeks as winter sets in and their resources run out , " the agency said . Doctors Without Borders said it has treated more than 2,500 patients at four new hospitals in northern Syria since June . Doctors have conducted 550 surgical procedures , the charity group said . Syrian government denies holding missing journalist , father says CNN 's Saad Abedine , Saskya Vandoorne and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 172 died Tuesday , opposition says France formally recognizes new Syrian coalition ; U.S. says it will give aid Syrian spokesman : Opposition abroad is "  clinically dead , " even after a recent unification "  Defending Syria is a national destiny and not a political option , " an official says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Federal agents arrested 45 people in Georgia believed to be members of a top Mexican drug cartel and confiscated nearly $ 2.4 million in cash , authorities said Thursday . The arrests were made by members of the federal Drug Enforcement Administration , the Clayton County District Attorney 's Office and other law enforcement agencies , the DEA said . The investigation , called Operation Choke Hold , started in May 2009 . The suspects are believed to be connected with La Familia Michoacana , which "  was responsible for the importation of bulk quantities of cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine , and marijuana into the metro Atlanta area , " the DEA said . In addition to distributing narcotics in metro Atlanta , the drug-trafficking organization also shipped large quantities to Florida , Alabama , Indiana , Illinois and North Carolina , the DEA said . During the arrests , the DEA said in a release , authorities seized 46 pounds of methamphetamine , a clandestine methamphetamine laboratory , nearly 95 pounds  43 kilograms  of cocaine , 4,120 pounds of marijuana , 20 firearms and $ 2.349 million . The La Familia Michoacana cartel is based in the state of Michoacan , in southwestern Mexico .	Authorities also seize nearly $ 2.4 million in cash , the DEA says The suspects are believed to belong to La Familia Michoacana drug cartel , authorities say
CNN  -- At a modest stucco home in Montgomery , Alabama , an unlikely presidential victory celebration is taking place this morning . Barack Obama 's election victory represents a triumph for civil rights activists before him . Peggy Wallace Kennedy , the daughter of the late George Wallace , the Alabama governor who once vowed to maintain segregation forever , is rejoicing . Kennedy , 58 , voted for Sen. Barack Obama . She says she was "  mesmerized " when she first heard him speak at the 2004 Democratic National Convention . Her admiration for Obama deepened when she learned he opposed the Iraq war . She even slapped an Obama bumper sticker on her car , even though someone told her that the prospect of an African-American president would have her father "  rolling over in his grave . " "  I think Obama is going to be one of the best presidents we 'll have , " she says . "  He 's going to bring the freshness we need . We 've just been bogged down so long . We need this shot in the arm . " Watch Obama address supporters after his win " President-elect Obama 's victory Tuesday may be a racially transformative event . But for people like Kennedy , who came through the fires of the civil rights movement , it also represents something else -- personal triumph . Obama 's win validates the risks they took years ago . iReport.com : What does Obama 's victory mean to you ? Some , like Kennedy and an entire generation of white Southerners , risked social rejection for renouncing the bigotry of their parents . Others risked their lives while leading civil rights campaigns in the Deep South . Some almost lost their belief in the inherent goodness of America because they saw so many innocent people die . iReport.com : ` This is the most wonderful night of my life ' They are people like Bob Moses , who led African-American voter registration drives in Mississippi during the early 1960s . He was a leader in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee in Mississippi when three civil rights workers were murdered by a group of men that included a Mississippi deputy sheriff . He also helped lead an ill-fated attempt to sit African-American delegates from Mississippi at the 1964 Democratic National Convention , which was segregated . Moses grew so disenchanted by his experiences that he moved to Tanzania . He returned to the United States in 1976 and founded the Algebra Project , a national program that encourages African-American students to attend college by first teaching them mathematical literacy . "  We seem to be evolving ... , " Moses says . "  The country is trying to reach for the best part of itself . " Moses is evolving as well . Obama is the first president he 's voted for in three decades , he says . "  I do n't do politics , but I made sure to vote this time , " says Moses , now 73 years old . "  Obama is the first person I really felt moved to vote for . " Moses says he is amazed that Obama has helped lead the country through a racially transformative moment without anyone getting killed . Pivotal events in America 's racial history -- the debate over slavery , the assault on segregation -- sparked widespread violence , Moses says . "  I do n't think people appreciate how delicate it is to move the society around these questions without descent into chaos or into pockets of chaos , " he says . Obama 's victory also offered a rare public acknowledgement for Moses . He recently attended an Obama rally when Obama -- a keen student of the civil rights movement -- discovered he was in the audience . "  When he got on the platform , he gave me a shout out , " says Moses , whose reluctance to be in the spotlight was notorious among his civil rights colleagues . "  He said , ` there 's someone in the audience , and he 's a hero of mine . ' " Moses paused when asked how it felt . "  It was good . " The nation goes full circle Obama 's victory , though , was n't just made possible by civil rights activists , some say . It was also made possible by a generation of African-American leaders who excelled in the political , sports and entertainment arenas : former Secretary of State Colin Powell , golfer Tiger Woods and pop culture figures like actor Bill Cosby and Dennis Haysbert , who portrays a black president in the television series "  24 . " Watch Powell discuss his reaction to Obama 's win " They did n't change laws , but they did shift perceptions , some say . "  We live in a society where white voters are prepared and accustomed to seeing African-Americans in prominent positions and leadership , " says Brett Gadsden , an assistant professor of African-American studies at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . The Rev. James Zwerg almost lost his life trying to usher in this new society . Zwerg , who is white , participated in the Freedom Rides in the early 1960s , and he says Obama 's victory means the country has gone "  full-circle . " Zwerg was almost beaten to death by a white mob in 1961 when he dared to sit next to African-Americans on a Greyhound bus . He was part of a group of white and black college students , dubbed "  Freedom Riders , " who tried to desegregate interstate travel . The photos of a bloodied Zwerg , standing next to a battered John Lewis -- who would go on to become a Georgia congressman -- rallied activists across the nation . Zwerg became a civil rights hero , but his father disowned him for protesting alongside African-Americans . Watch Lewis celebrate Obama 's victory " Yet Zwerg became so tormented by the attention he received -- he thought he got too much credit because he was white -- that he once contemplated suicide . Zwerg , 68 , says the bond he experienced with other Freedom Riders caused the most inspiring moments of his life . Obama 's campaign reminded him of that era . "  Obama 's message reflects much of the same idealism that -LSB- the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. -RSB- spoke of when he talked about coming together to improve our country , " Zwerg says . "  He 's really rekindled the same enthusiasm for change among young people , which is terrific . " Zwerg says he never thought back then that an African-American would integrate the Oval Office -- nor did any Freedom Rider . "  I do n't think it really crossed our mind . " Clayborne Carson , a former activist and now a Stanford University historian , remembers getting arrested in 1965 just because he demanded the right to vote . He says it was "  inconceivable " then that the United States would elect an African-American president . "  I remember how it was still a controversial act for President -LSB- Lyndon -RSB- Johnson to even select a black person for his Cabinet , " Carson says . Carson says many people forget that many African-Americans in the South were not allowed to vote until the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act , a law passed only after the bloody civil rights campaign in Selma , Alabama , mobilized public opinion . "  America was a democracy in name only , " Carson says . "  It 's only since the mid-1960s that we 've had this experiment in a multicultural and multiracial democracy . " Carson says he sees the future of this multicultural experiment not only in Obama 's victory , but also in his Stanford classroom . More than half of his students are not native white Americans but Asians , Latinos and African-Americans , he says . He also sees a troubling future for the United States in his travels to counties like India and China . Those countries have highly educated youths who "  have the sense that the future belongs to them . " "  I do n't know if we have that confidence , " he says . "  This symbolic change in leadership wo n't mean anything unless a President Obama can mobilize the country for the long , hard struggle to keep up with the world . " Kennedy , George Wallace 's daughter , is thinking more about the past these days . She wonders how her father would have regarded Obama 's victory . She says Wallace had his own racially transformative moment . He renounced bigotry later in his life , publicly apologized for the pain he caused and was elected to his last term as governor of Alabama with strong African-American support . Still , she does n't know what he would say about her vote for Obama . "  I think he would be all right with it , " she says . "  Daddy had come full circle . I really think that he would be happy about it or at least interested in it . I 'm not sure he would have voted for Obama . " Obama 's victory , however , does n't mean the politics of exclusion that her father once practiced is history , she says . "  There 's racism , and there always will be racism , " she says . "  But this country has come a long way . " When asked how she was going to celebrate Obama 's win , Kennedy gave a mischievous chuckle . She says she 's going to continue to do what she and her husband , H. Mark Kennedy , a retired Alabama Supreme Court justice , have been doing the last few days since an Obama victory seemed certain : "  We 've been sitting here and watching Fox News go utterly berserk . "	Obama 's win validates risks civil rights activists took years ago , some say America is "  evolving ... trying to reach for the best part of itself , " former activist says Segregationist 's daughter : I think Obama will be one of the best presidents
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The most eagerly anticipated animated film this year hits big screens this weekend , as "  The Simpsons Movie " opens worldwide . The Screening Room spoke to creator Matt Groening and writer Al Jean in London about everyone 's favorite two-dimensional yellow family . Simpsons supremo Matt Groening with his creations at the film 's premiere in Springfield , Vermont Matt Groening told the Screening Room that fans had driven the demand for the movie . "  We 've had fans clamoring for a movie for the past 18 years , " he said . The film has taken four years to come to fruition , as writer Al Jean explained . "  What really held us up for a long time was to have enough people to do the show and the movie , " he said . "  We talked for a while about doing the movie after the show is done , but the show is never done ! So it really started in earnest in 2003 , when we started working on this story that became the movie . " Technology has also played its part . Jean continued , "  The technology to do this film really was n't even around five years ago . For example , there was this joke I once pitched and David Silverman , the director , started drawing and as I was pitching it , it went into the film and it was cut a day later . To go from pitch to cut in two days is pretty impressive . " Its creators hope that "  The Simpsons Movie " will both satisfy long-term fans and bring Homer and Marge 's family to a new audience . Groening told the Screening Room , "  This movie is designed to both honor the people who have loved the show all this time , so there 's lots of little details for them in the movie , little characters and stuff who they know and love , but we also want people who do n't know the family to not be completely confused . It is a complete movie experience , but again , we have a lot of little details that only the really , true die-hard fans are going to get . " And fans can expect to be entertained by plenty of cartoon mishaps . Groening said , "  When you see somebody fall off the roof in a live-action film , it 's funny -- we all love it . But it 's not as funny as when Homer falls off the roof . I do n't know what that says about humanity , but we do like to see cartoon characters hurt themselves and there 's quite a bit of that . " But how have Springfield 's finest led the field for so long ? Groening believes that a large part of the Simpsons ' success is down to the traditional animated techniques used to create it -- and that its hand-drawn charm puts the movie ahead of its CGI rivals . He told CNN , "  The difference between our film and these other films is that we have no penguins , okay ? So that 's the big difference .  Although we do have one penguin . "  But the other thing is , our film is done the old fashioned way . It 's got a lot of errors and flaws in it . These computer-animated films -- and I love them -- are perfect . They 're spooky , they 're so good . Ours is a way for us to honor the art of traditional animation . " Al Jean thinks that the series ' success is also down to its wide appeal . He says , "  I have a two year old and she loves the Simpsons already , just because of the way it looks and the family . And then on the other hand , we do satirical references that only an adult would get . " A large part of the appeal of "  The Simpsons " comes from its ability to portray the more touching moments in family life , like Jean 's favorite moment in the movie . "  It 's a scene where Bart is really mad at his father , " he told CNN . "  He 's sitting in a tree outside the Simpson house at night . He looks over and sees the Flanders house and thinks how wonderful it would be if he lived there . It 's just really sweet : there 's something really warm about that scene . " Groening , who has been meeting fans worldwide while promoting the movie , said that the Simpsons phenomenon has excelled his wildest dreams . "  It 's not just the numbers , " he told CNN . "  The numbers are good , but it 's the intensity and the tattoos . The tattoos are freaky . You know ? And it 's not all just Bart and Homer . You 'd think it would be just Homer . I talked to this one guy and he had Millhouse , and I said , ` Oh my god , Millhouse ! ' and he said , ` Yeah , everybody gets Bart . ' " While Groening never expected the series to run for so long , he told the Screening Room he has no plans to quit while it 's ahead . "  The answer is , ` No end in sight ! No end in sight ! ' " he said . "  We 're having fun , we hope the audience has fun , and as long as that 's true , we 'll continue doing the show . " Jean believes the show has proved it has longevity . "  I 'm sure -LSB- it -RSB- , like Mickey Mouse , will live on and on , " he said . And he also hopes the Simpsons ' success will continue . "  In terms of new episodes , we 're doing another season after the movie comes out for sure , and then the casts ' contracts expire , but I 'd love to get another three seasons and maybe another movie , " he said . But what is the legacy of this much-loved yellow family ? Matt Groening sees the film as the culmination of two decades of hard graft . He says , "  I want to make sure that everyone who 's ever worked on this show is proud of their work on this movie , so this rewards the writers , the animators , the actors . It 's basically a celebration of twenty years of The Simpsons . " E-mail to a friend	Simpsons creator Matt Groening : Movie is culmination of 20 years ' hard work Writer Al Jean says success is down to show 's universal appeal Movie uses traditional hand-drawn animation techniques
CNN  -- The Ohio state Senate passed a bill Wednesday that would curb the collective bargaining rights of public workers and strip away their power to strike . Lawmakers approved the measure by a count of 17 to 16 , with six Republicans voting in opposition . The bill , known as Senate Bill 5 , is supported by Republican Governor John Kasich . It would curb a 1983 Ohio state law that affords collective bargaining rights to public employees . "  No surprise , " said Senate President Tom Niehaus . "  I 've been saying for weeks that we have the votes to pass this bill . It reflects the diverse interests that our members have around the state of Ohio , " he said . The near-500-page proposal was modified Tuesday with Republican-supported amendments cobbled into a single omnibus package . Modifications include new measures to settle workplace arbitration , limits on worker vacation and an end to their ability to negotiate health care and automatic pay raises based on seniority . The amended legislation would also restore collective bargaining rights on wages but ban strikes by all public-sector workers , imposing fines and terminating employment contracts for those who defy the ban . Democratic lawmakers described the proposal as union-busting . Their GOP counterparts argued that it 's needed to tackle an overreach of union influence they regard as an impediment to fiscal reform . "  It passed by the most narrowest of margin , " said Democratic State Senator Joe Schiavoni . "  That really shows how much public outcry on this bill . That they can change a 27-year-old law in three weeks is scary . " Meanwhile , protesting crowds gathered in Columbus , Ohio , chanting slogans like "  Shame on you ! " following the Senate vote . Earlier Wednesday the measure sailed through a Senate Labor Committee following a last-minute GOP shuffle that resulted in the replacement of Republican Senator Bill Seitz . Seitz said he mostly supported the bill , and the need for collective bargaining reform , but disagreed with a provision that would allow employer management to "  impose its will on the final terms of the contract when fact-finding and mediation fail . " "  That violates the fundamental principle that one can not be simultaneously a judge and an advocate in his own cause , " he said , calling for an "  elected , independent , neutral " party to adjudicate those cases involving state workers . The bill now moves onto the Republican-controlled House where lawmakers are expected to take up the measure on March 10 . Ohio , often considered a battleground for presidential politics , faces an $ 8 billion shortfall in the next two-year budget . CNN 's Julian Cummings contributed to this report	Ohio Senate passes bill to curb collective bargaining rights of public workers Lawmakers approved the measure by a count of 17 to 16 ; six Republicans voted no Legislation would also strip public workers ' power to strike
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Former warlords , village elders and women are among the members of an Afghan peace council designed to spearhead "  serious , substantive dialogue " efforts with the Taliban opposition . The Afghan government Tuesday announced the members of the High Peace Council that will spearhead reconciliation efforts . "  They will be the sole body to take care of the peace talks and the government of Afghanistan will respect their mandate and will not try to create back channels or to try to duplicate the work of the high council for peace , " Waheed Omar , Afghanistan 's presidential spokesman , told CNN . A U.S.-led invasion overthrew the Taliban government after the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States , carried out by the al Qaeda terror network , which was harbored by the Taliban . As the war ground on , talk emerged of contact between both sides . "  So far as contacts are concerned , yes -- over the past years there have been signs and signals from the armed opposition . There have been contacts on both sides but all of that remains on the level of contacts and signs and signals , " Omar said . "  There is no substantive negotiations or substantive dialogue with the armed opposition . And we hope that after the establishment of the peace council which was established today , we will enter into a serious substantive dialogue with the opposition . " Sixty men , eight women and two other women still to be named will serve on the panel , which was set up to help end the long war between coalition and Afghan forces and militants from the Taliban . President Hamid Karzai recently announced the creation of the panel . The presence of women on the board is significant because the Taliban persecuted women when the movement controlled the country and have targeted institutions such as girls ' schools during the insurgency . Rachel Reid , an analyst for Human Rights Watch , said the list contains "  too many names here that Afghans will associate with war crimes , warlordism and corruption . " "  This is a disappointing outcome for Afghan women and girls , " said Reid . "  Women are once again being short-changed . The government had promised them more robust representation than this . " Omar said the group is "  large " because the mandate is big . "  I 'm sure that once the peace council starts working , they will have specialized groups working in different directions , " he said .	Women are part of the Afghan peace council One analyst said too many names will have negative connotations There have been contacts between both sides
CNN  -- The Minerals Management Service , a division within the Interior Department , was a troubled agency long before the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the recent revelations of employee misconduct . The agency -- which oversees U.S. offshore drilling , including the Gulf of Mexico -- has come under fire for mismanagement , questionable conduct and cozy relationships with industry officials . The MMS issued permits for the Deepwater Horizon drill rig -- contracted by BP -- which exploded on April 20 . The explosion killed 11 people and resulted in an oil spill that is threatening parts of the Gulf . Interior Department Secretary Ken Salazar , during an appearance Wednesday before the House Committee on Natural Resources , said he was trying to change the agency 's culture and its structure , which some critics say leads to mismanagement . "  My belief is that most of the employees of the MMS are good public servants , " Salazar said . He , however , acknowledged some of the past conduct was "  scandalous " and "  reprehensible . " Salazar said some people have been fired and others referred for prosecution . Two sources told CNN on Thursday that MMS Director Elizabeth Birnbaum has been fired . At a House subcommittee hearing Thursday , Salazar insisted Birnbaum had resigned "  on her own terms and own volition . " President Obama later said he did n't know whether Birnbaum was fired or resigned on her own . The Obama administration has said in recent weeks that many of the problems within the MMS were inherited from the Bush administration . Salazar , during his testimony and in his answers to members of Congress on Wednesday , also made that point . During the hearing , Rep. Doug Lamborn , R-Colorado , asked Salazar why he and other officials were "  harping on what MMS did or did n't do in the previous administration . " "  Why are n't we talking about the here and now ? " Lamborn asked . Salazar was blunt in his response . "  We 've done a lot to clean the house at MMS , unlike the previous administration , " he said . "  This is not the candy store of the oil and gas kingdom which you and others were a part of . " Conflict of interest ? The MMS , which has about 1,700 employees , has two responsibilities when it comes to industries such as oil or natural gas . It must act as a regulator while also collecting royalties from the companies . Some critics say those are opposite pulls and make the agency ripe for mismanagement . The U.S. government technically owns resources such as the oil in the Gulf . Companies pay the federal government for the rights to drill in certain areas . The MMS collects and distributes about $ 13 billion a year , Salazar said . William Galston of the Brookings Institution said there is a built-in conflict of interest , resulting in lax regulation of involved companies . "  The MMS has a lot of incentive to collect as much , in the way of royalty income , as it can . That means pressure to authorize a lot of drilling and then to do everything possible -LSB- to make sure -RSB- that the flow of production is robust and unimpeded , " said Galston , who recently wrote a piece critical of the MMS for The New Republic magazine . "  MMS , as it is currently structured , has to simultaneously put one foot down hard on the gas pedal and the other on the brake , " he said . "  And the imperatives to go fast are a lot stronger than to slow down . " Salazar said organizational change within the MMS and a restructuring of the agency was necessary to deal with such conflicts . Salazar advocated plans to "  remove revenue collectors away from the leasing and policing functions of the MMS . " He then wants to create two bureaus within the MMS . One would be responsible for creating energy resources -- including oil and gas -- in the outer continental shelf . It would issue leases and collect royalties . The other would act as the policing arm of the agency , carrying out inspections and enforcing regulations . ` Misconduct , management and spills ' "  MMS used to stand for Minerals Management Service . It now stands for misconduct , management and spills , " said Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , during the House hearing Wednesday . A report released this week from the inspector general 's office at the Interior Department revealed federal inspectors overseeing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico accepted meals and tickets to sporting events from companies they monitored . The report said all the events detailed in it occurred before 2007 . In one case , an inspector in the MMS office in Lake Charles , Louisiana , conducted inspections of four offshore platforms while negotiating a job with the company , the report said . Others let oil and gas company workers fill out their inspection forms in pencil , with the inspectors writing over those entries in ink before turning them in . The report also alleged employees at the same office received tickets to 2005 Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl football game from an offshore production company . The report also includes a confidential source informing investigators that a MMS inspector abused drugs , including crystal meth . In 2008 , during the waning months of the Bush administration , Earl Devaney , then the Interior Department 's inspector general , issued a report condemning the behavior of some of the agency 's employees . "  The single-most serious problem our investigations revealed is a pervasive culture of exclusivity , exempt from the rules that govern all other employees of the federal government , " the report said . The report said , between 2002 and 2006 , some of the staff received gifts from oil and gas companies with whom they were conducting business . Some of the more salacious charges in the report included substance abuse and sexual relationships with industry contacts . ` The revolving door ' Meanwhile , Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , focused on the "  revolving door " between industry and government . The "  revolving door " refers to people who work in areas such as the oil industry , move to a government agency such as the MMS and then return to the private sector . Nelson proposed legislation that would have federal oil industry regulators wait at least two years after leaving government service before going to work for companies they helped regulate . Among other things , the bill would bar regulators from accepting gifts from oil companies . It also would require regulators to divest themselves of any stock they may currently hold in oil companies , and prohibit them from part-time employment in the industry . It is time , Nelson said Wednesday on the Senate floor , to "  stop this cozy , incestuous relationship between the oil industry and the regulators . " CNN 's Drew Griffin , Alan Silverleib , Manav Tanneeru and CNNMoney.com 's Annalyn Censky contributed to this report .	Minerals Management Service has a troubled history , government reports say Report : Inspectors got meals , tickets to sports events from companies they monitored Interior Department chief Ken Salazar says he 's trying to change MMS culture , structure MMS Director Elizabeth Birnbaum has been fired , sources say
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- An American diplomat has described the violence in Kenya 's Rift Valley as "  clear ethnic cleansing " aimed at chasing out members of the Kikuyu tribe who are loyal to President Mwai Kibaki . However , U.S. envoy Jendayi Frazer said she did not believe the ethnic clashes that have brought Kenya to its knees following disputed elections last month could be classed as genocide . The violence she saw this month while visiting the Rift Valley , where Luos people are fighting Kikuyus , "  was clear ethnic cleansing , " she told reporters at an African Union summit in Addis Ababa on Wednesday . "  The aim originally was not to kill , it was to cleanse , it was to push them out of the region , " she said , according to The Associated Press . Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Tuesday pleaded with Kenya 's government to take "  extraordinary measures " to protect civilians hours after an opposition lawmaker was killed outside his home . Hundreds have died in fighting sparked by last month 's presidential election , which opponents insist was rigged to ensure Kibaki 's re-election . "  Kenya , which has long been a stable and peaceful country , today is in turmoil with innocent men , women and children being hounded and killed , " Annan told Kenya 's National Assembly before heading into talks with Kibaki and opposition leader Raila Odinga . Annan 's speech came as police and demonstrators clashed in Nairobi and hours after gunmen killed opposition lawmaker Mugabe Were in a car outside his house . About 100 supporters also gathered in Kisumu , Kenya 's third-largest city , in a show of anger over Were 's killing , prompting police to fire tear gas and bullets to disperse them , the Kenya Broadcasting Corp. reported . Watch as CNN 's Nic Robertson describes unrest in western Kenya 's Naivasha " The western city of Kisumu is a stronghold of the opposition Orange Democratic Movement that has accused the president of rigging the December 27 vote . Odinga said he suspected "  the foul hands of our adversaries " in the shooting death of Were , a parliament member from the Orange Democratic Movement , according to The Associated Press . See dramatic photos following Were 's killing " During his assembly address , Annan called on Kenya 's leaders to stop the "  downward spiral into chaos that is threatening this beautiful country . " "  There is only one Kenya . We all have multiple identifies , but I hope you all see yourself as Kenyans first , " Annan said . " -LSB- We -RSB- must stress our common humanity and uphold respect for human rights and the dignity of others . " The United States is considering imposing sanctions against members of the Kenyan government and opposition figures involved in the recent violence in that country , senior State Department officials told CNN . Although no decisions have been made , visa and travel bans are among the measures being considered . They do not expect the sanctions to target Kibaki or Odinga , the officials said , but rather those on both sides who are instigating the violence . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice voiced concern Tuesday about Kenya 's violence , saying she planned to speak with Annan soon about possible solutions . Since the election , a spasm of political violence has taken on ethnic overtones as supporters of Kibaki , a member of the Kikuyu tribe , battle with followers of Odinga , from the Luo tribe . Bloody street battles often have involved machetes . The government says 600 to 650 people have been killed , while the opposition says at least 1,000 have died . The Kenyan Red Cross Society puts the number at 863 . More than 200,000 people have been displaced in the turmoil , according to the Red Cross . "  Right now there is nothing , " said tailor Margaret Njambi , who fled with her four children and took refuge in a police station in Kakamega after rioters burned her house and shop . "  The house is no more . There is nothing left there for me . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elise Labott , Saeed Ahmed , Stephanie Halasz and Zain Verjee contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	U.S. diplomat says violence in western Kenya is "  clear ethnic cleansing " Ex-U.N. chief Kofi Annan holds talks with Kenyan president , opposition leader Opponents accuse President Mwai Kibaki of rigging December vote Government says up to 650 killed in violence ; opposition says 1,000 have died
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- If your company bans you from using Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn and other social media in the office , that policy is "  brain dead " , entrepreneur Vivek Wadhwa told me . Wadhwa , listed as one of the 40 most influential minds in tech , is right of course . And here are five reasons , borrowing from several books published this year . 1 . It 's self-defeating . Dictatorial office managers be warned . Banning social media at work is about as viable as King Canute 's attempts to halt the tide . As Nicco Mele argues in "  The End of Big : Howe the Internet Makes David the New Goliath " , social media is actually contributing to the demise of the large organization . Besides , since most workers now have their own smart phones and tablets , it 's actually impossible -- without establishing an all-seeing totalitarian regime at the office -- to stop workers peeking a look at the their Facebook updates or Twitter feeds while in the restroom . 2 . It 's such an old idea . Even the word "  banning " is archaic . As Moises Naim argues in "  The End of Power " , by undermining traditional hierarchies and gatekeepers , the Internet makes it more and more difficult to outlaw anything . "  Being in charge is n't what it used to be , " he notes in the book 's subtitle . Middle Eastern dictators should , of course , beware . But so should formerly all-powerful office IT directors or HR managers whose monopoly of authority and power has been undermined by the worldwide web . Like Tahrir Square , the 21st century office has been radically democratized . Tightly controlled , top-down offices do n't work anymore . They are so 20th century . 3 . Social media is the new coffee break . It 's the 21st century version of the water cooler . It 's how we get our news , keep up with friends and colleagues , make our social arrangements , establish our identities and view the world . Our obsessive use of social media means that we are all living in the perpetual present , says CNN columnist Douglas Rushkoff in "  Present Shock : When Everything Happens Now " . It 's what social media gurus Robert Scoble and Shel Israel describe , in "  Age of Context " . As Scoble notes , this social media rich environment , in which everything we do becomes "  social data " , is what he calls the "  new world " . This is both "  scary " and "  freaky " , as Scoble acknowledges . But it 's an inevitable as self-driving cars or wearable computers . To ban social media , therefore , is to essentially ban people at work . It 's like outlawing talking or laughing . You might as well ban breathing . 4 . Multitasking is beneficial . As anyone with children knows , multitasking is how digital natives live their hyper-connected lives . And the same is increasingly true at work . Once upon a time , we sat in an office all day then went home to enjoy our leisure . But today , work and leisure are inextricably connected . So that occasional tweet or Facebook update from the office does n't mean you are n't working . It just means that some of your brain might be temporarily focused on something else . But that temporary focus describes the nature of 21st century work . It 's how we all -- even the most efficient among us -- operate in the networked age . As Jane McGonigal notes in her best-seller "  Reality is Broken : Why Games Make Us Better and How They Can Change the World " , multitasking actually makes us more creative by stimulating our playfulness . 5 . It makes us more productive because it opens up our minds . Social media not only enables us to group-solve big problems , but also makes us more literate , able to think with more independence and gives us an ESP-like sense of what other people are thinking , according to Clive Thompson in "  Smarter Than You Think : How Technology is Changing Our Minds for the Better " . Through Twitter , we get access to newspaper articles and stories that we would otherwise have missed . LinkedIn enables us to network with fellow workers . Facebook gives us intelligence about competitive ideas and companies . And banning social media at work only empowers that intelligence even more by encouraging us to network with more open-minded and innovative companies . The FutureCast conference brought together entrepreneurs , venture capitalists , writers and technologists to imagine the future of 21st century digital society . It was organized and produced by Andrew Keen and was hosted by AT&T and Ericsson at AT&T 's Palo Alto Foundry .	Bosses should be relaxed about employees going on social media at work , says Andrew Keen It increases creativity and benefits the company or organization , he argues And anyway , you wo n't be able to stop it , Keen warns employers
Kampong Speu , Cambodia  CNN  -- Two people died after a raised concrete walkway collapsed Thursday at a shoe factory warehouse in Cambodia , police said . Six other people were injured by the fallen walkway in a warehouse adjoining the factory , which is south of the Cambodian capital , Phnom Penh , said National Police Spokesman Kirt Chantharith . More people could still be buried in the rubble , he said , but he added that it does n't appear that dozens of people are trapped . Police are investigating the cause of the collapse . The deaths at the Cambodian facility come as safety conditions in the garment industry in Asia are under scrutiny following the devastating collapse of a nine-story building housing textile factories in Bangladesh last month . That disaster killed 1,127 people . At the scene of Thursday 's accident at the Wing Star Shoe Co. factory , rescue workers hauled away chunks of concrete from the wreckage . Shoes made by the Japanese sports apparel company Asics were in evidence at the factory . Asics confirmed that its products were made there but said it was still trying to gather all the facts about the collapse . The company said it was sorry to hear about the loss of life in the accident . One of the people killed was a 22-year-old man named Reom Saroun , said his uncle , Reom Rorn . Eight members of the family all worked at the factory , Reom Rorn said . They live in the village where it is situated . He said had never occurred to him that such an accident could happen at the facility . "  But now I am concerned that it will happen again , " he said . Nonetheless , he and other family members plan to return to work . "  It 's a job , " he said , noting that the part of the factory where he works does n't have the upper level that collapsed in the warehouse and killed his nephew . Bangladesh building collapse : An end to recovery efforts , a promise of new start CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	NEW : The accident happened at a factory that makes shoes for a Japanese company Two people were killed and six injured after a concrete platform fell , police say The garment industry is in focus after a devastating building collapse in Bangladesh
CNN  -- For some it was an exhilarating holiday to an exotic place , finding new love or conquering their greatest fear . For others , it was witnessing an historic event . And for a few , it was simply a case of being in the right place at the right time to capture a moment that will forever stick in the mind . CNN asked people from all over the world to send in their highlight of the year . From the Philippines , to Scotland , to South Africa , hundreds of people shared their most treasured images . 2012 was the year the Olympics games came to London , and , unsurprisingly , many people sent in their images of the various competitions held around the capital . Gaya Ilang , who works as the artist Gaya3in1 , was lucky enough to participate in the Games ' spectacular opening ceremony -- playing a nurse . She sent in an image of proud participants posing eagerly just before they took part in the ceremony . "  I like this -LSB- image -RSB- as it has performers from different categories -- a snapshot of the ceremony -- and reminds me of the excitement of the day , clearly visible on everyone 's faces , " she said . Sport of a non-Olympic kind captured the imagination of Jamie McCaffrey from Ottawa , Canada . He submitted this lively image of soldiers from the Lake Superior Scottish Regiment of the Canadian Army Reserves competing in the tug of war at the annual Glengarry Highland Games in Maxville Ontario . "  The sight of these soldiers in a brutal test of raw strength while combined with the skirl of the pipes , the colors and flash of the different tartans on the kilts , and the cheer of the crowd was a feast for the eyes and ears , " he said . "  Although , I understand that the music of the bagpipes may not be for everyone -- subtle it is not , " he added . From the bombast of organized games to the quiet joy of a proud parent , many people chose their children as the source of their best moments of 2012 . Charlotte Brocker from Berlin , Germany , captured a wonderful image of her son Malik wearing his Ramones t-shirt on a bike ride in August . Malik was born with clubbed feet and a physical condition called Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenitas , which means he has little muscle strength in his limbs . His mother took the photo in August after casts set on Malik 's legs to strengthen them had been taken off . "  My cheerful and determined young man helped me to realize what matters in life and what does n't , " she said . "  Malik is a very happy , easy going young man , not much can hold him back , not even being stuck in casts . I also love how he 's rocking that t-shirt ! " For some , 2012 was the year not just of striking out on to new journeys , but of returning home . Jessica Munoz from California , U.S. , was thrilled to be reunited with her soldier husband on his return from Afghanistan . The poignant moment when she was reunited with her husband was captured by her friend , Libby Lugo . "  My friend literally grabbed the camera out of my hands and pushed me in the right direction -LSB- to her husband -RSB- , " she said . "  All the stress and fear and pain suddenly were replaced with love and magic and joy . I felt like I had gotten something precious back that was taken from me . " And sometimes it was images even closer to home that made for the best moments of the year . Even right outside the window . Abdel Hamid Zein took these beautiful , surreal images from the window of his 50th floor apartment in Dubai . "  It is foggy in Dubai on rare occasions and usually lasts for two to three hours in the morning , " he said . "  It was quite impressive , because it 's not everyday you wake up and you find yourself above the clouds . " And of course what year would be complete without at least one ambition being realised ? For Julie Fox , a trip to Elvas , Portugal to ride a balloon at the International Hot Air Balloon Festival provided the chance to tick one dream off her life list -- particularly when she found out the rides were free . "  I 'd always had a romantic image of hot air ballooning over the Serengeti or somewhere like that but have never been able to afford it , " she said . "  The whole experience : Inflation , take off , the quiet contemplation of the countryside and the aerial views , wondering where we would land and the fun of packing up the balloon before driving back to the launch site is something that will stay with me forever . "	CNN asked people from all over the world to send in their best moments of 2012 From the Philippines to Scotland , hundreds of people sent their most memorable images Submissions include exhilarating holidays , the birth of kids , the realization of dreams
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When you walk into a store , you may not realize that there 's literally something in the air that 's already trying to convince you to buy something . The invisible force is something called scent marketing , a concept used in Europe and the U.S. but is still fairly new to Asia . The idea is to infuse a certain smell in a retail shop that makes a customer linger and more inclined to make a purchase . Oriental Watch Co. is a large luxury watch retailer which has stores across Asia . The store hired a Hong Kong-based scent strategy company , Skywork Design Ltd. , to create a store scent that captured the essence of the company . The lab created a special green tea smell for the store . Daniel Fong , creator of Skywork Design Ltd. , felt that green tea mirrors the Chinese identity of Oriental Watch Co. . "  When you see a watch , it 's easy to forget it . But when you smell something , it 's forever , " Fong says . "  The smell goes directly to the emotional part of our brain . " For the past four months , Oriental Watch has used the green tea scent in all 12 of its Hong Kong stores . Salesman Ken To ca n't say definitively if the scent has led to a direct increase in sales but he is certain the scent relaxes customers . "  We see customers are willing to stay longer at our store , especially in the area close to the machine  scent diffuser  . We can have more conversations with them and hopefully , we can make a sale , " says To . "  Our staff like it too . We have a stressful job because we 're dealing with $ ,1000 to $ 1,000,000 watches . So the scent helps lower the tension for the frontline staff . " After 20 years in the advertising business , Fong started Skywork Design last year to fill a niche he noticed was lacking in Hong Kong and China . He used his existing network of advertising clients and word of mouth to kick off his business . Today , his biggest clients are teen fashion store 2 % , Oriental Watch Co. , Peninsula Arcade and Hang Lung Properties . Fong says his young company became profitable four months after launching . There are companies that create scents for hotels and casinos . Fong says their goal is to create a pleasant experience for guests . His company has a different target and approach . "  My strategy is not to focus on hotels because there are a lot of competitors focusing on hotels and property management . Our strategy is targeting the marketing people , to increase the sales and the branding of a company ... mainly in retail stores . " 2 % is a Hong Kong-based teen clothing store . When you walk into the store , you will immediately breathe in a bubble-gum scent -- which Fong describes as "  juicy , girlish , sweet " -- that circulates through a diffuser in the shop . He recently lingered outside a 2 % store to watch customers . He saw a teenage girl near the store entrance and overheard her saying , "  Oh , that smell is 2 % . " He took that comment as a successful sign in brand building . The clothing chain first hired him to work on two stores , sales increased and he now supplies the scent to all 35 stores in Hong Kong . Negotiations with 2 % are underway to supply 100 of their stores in mainland China . Samsung recently put on several road shows to promote its new Galaxy S3 smartphone . Samsung says this new Android phone is "  inspired by nature -- it sees , listens , responds . " Its marketing agent asked Fong to create a special fragrance for several four-day road shows in Asia , a fragrance that embodied the image of nature . "  We were inspired by the new functions  of the phone  that related to natural behavior , " Fong said . For example , the phone uses its frontal camera to follow the user 's facial movements and the phone only goes into sleep mode when it knows the user is not looking at it . Because of contractual confidentiality , he could n't tell me what fragrances he used for the Samsung scent but he did open the bespoke bottle and let me take a whiff . To me , it smelled like a cologne with a little metallic twist -- not so much "  nature , " but more "  metal , gadget , male . " As Fong 's creations are making cash for his young company , an international bank has asked Fong to create the " scent of money " for its offices in Hong Kong . He 's playing with the idea of blending the bergamot , moss-like scent of chypre flowers with metal . "  But I 'm still thinking about that one , " he says .	Businesses use scents to try to draw and keep customers in stores Scent marketing began in the U.S. and Europe but is now growing in Asia Samsung used aroma to promote its new Galaxy SC smartphone Scent marketer : "  Smell goes directly to the emotional part of our brain "
Ashton Carter , the former second-in-command at the Pentagon , appears to be the top choice to replace outgoing Secretary Chuck Hagel . Barring any last minute complications , Ash Carter will be President Barack Obama 's choice as the new Secretary of Defense , several U.S. administration officials told CNN . An administration official had said that Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson , a former General Counsel at the Pentagon , was also still on the list of possibilities , but on Tuesday morning , sources said Johnson was no longer being considered . The prospect of an additional confirmation hearing for Johnson 's replacement if he were to move to the Pentagon as the Senate switches to Republican control would have been problematic for the White House . Related : Was Hagel doomed from the start ? Hagel announced his resignation last week , but has said he will stay on until his successor is confirmed by the Senate . Carter , who served as Deputy Defense Secretary under both Leon Panetta and Hagel , would bring a wide range of experience to a department confronting multiple crises in the Middle East and preparing to enter a new phase in Afghanistan as the NATO combat mission ends . Carter 's ability to hit the ground running from his past experience at the Pentagon , in addition to the respect many senior military leaders have for him are seen as major benefits to winning confirmation should Obama nominate him . "  His career has sort of prepared him perfectly for this kind of a moment , " says Michael O'Hanlon , a defense industry analyst at the Brookings Institution . In addition to a broad understanding of the Pentagon bureaucracy , Carter is seen as a master of managing large budgets , a premium in the present era of continued belt tightening on Capitol Hill , as well as an expert on weapons acquisitions . Related : White House struggles to find Hagel successor He also has a firm grasp on understanding the trends and technology of warfare in the future . "  On paper and in terms of his resume and preparation you probably could n't do much better , " O'Hanlon said . But Carter does lack certain experience shared by Hagel , Panetta had and many other secretaries - first -- hand military experience . Carter has extensive experience at the Pentagon and in academia , but he was never actually in the military . "  You can always find things that you would have loved in a hundred year life span to have seen everyone do before they take this job , but realistically he has accomplished about as much as you could ask , " O'Hanlon said . Whoever is ultimately selected may not have much opportunity to make a mark at the Pentagon . They 'll likely have less than two years likely on the job after confirmation . The next defense secretary will confront the specter of another possible round of automatic budget cuts known as sequestration to navigate with Congress , along with a White House known by some for micromanaging foreign and defense policy . While Carter was always seen likely on Obama 's short-list of candidates , his name gained prominence following the withdrawals from consideration by former Pentagon official Michele Flournoy and Sen. Jack Reed that they not be considered for the post . Carter , who does not have a background as a political operative , is believed to be open to returning to the Pentagon , and would likely generate a smooth confirmation process officials tell CNN . He was previously a professor at Harvard 's Kennedy School , and was recently listed as a senior executive at the Markle Foundation .	Sources said Tuesday that DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson is no longer considered The White House has struggled to find a successor for Chuck Hagel as Defense Secretary The new frontrunner is Ashton Carter , a former Pentagon official with years of DOD experience
Budget Travel  -- I 've never been a fan of the cold . As a kid , my favorite part of skiing was the hot chocolate , and I relished blizzards for the snow days , not the snowball fights . So when I booked a trip to the Icehotel in northern Sweden , my family and friends were amused -- and a bit concerned , especially when I got sick days before my flight . "  You ca n't go to the Arctic with a cold ! " my mother admonished . The hotel in northern Sweden opens every year in early December and closes at the end of April . But I had good reason for wanting to sleep in a glorified freezer : As an environmental reporter , I was curious to see a place where people have turned snow and ice into a moneymaker , one that 's spawned copycats in frigid spots from Canada to Romania . Conceived by Yngve Bergqvist , a river-rafting guide who wanted to lure visitors to the Arctic north during the winter , the Icehotel started out in 1990 as nothing more than a crude igloo . Now , it 's a fanciful ice castle that 's rebuilt every November with an unparalleled level of artistry -- which explains why each winter 16,000 guests pay hundreds of dollars a night to sleep on a slab of ice and thousands more make the trek just to tour the rooms for the day . The 30 most elaborate suites are the handiwork of a team of artists -- sculptors , painters , architects , even comic book illustrators -- many of whom have never worked with ice before . Wielding chain saws and chisels , they spend weeks crafting frozen furniture while electricians install lights to provide an ethereal glow . Surreal ? Exceedingly . This winter , German furniture maker Jens Paulus and American industrial designer Joshua Space created a space-station room straight out of "  Star Trek , " with giant carvings of the sun and moon on opposing walls and twinkling lights in the ceiling . British decorator Ben Rousseau and graffiti artist Insa devised the Getting Cold Feet suite , with oversize high-heeled ice shoes beside the bed . Twenty-nine unadorned snow caves offer a somewhat less pricey and more purist experience . Since no hotel would be complete without a bar , the artists also sculpt a chic space where guests can warm their innards with an Icebar Jukkasjärvi , a mix of vodka , blueberry liqueur , blue curaçao syrup and elderflower juice , sipped from a cube-shaped ice glass . Then there 's the chapel , where designs etched into the ice walls resemble stained glass . About 150 couples tie the knot here each year , some brides bundled in snowsuits , others dressed in white wedding gowns , their teeth chattering as they recite their vows . When I arrive in Sweden , I 'm surprised to find that the guests actually spend a lot of time in a pair of heated chalets that look like life-size gingerbread houses . The shower and bathroom are located in the one nearest the hotel -- because , really , who wants to sit on a frozen throne ? And the other contains the restaurant , where chef Richard Näslin dreams up such intriguing dishes as arctic char ice cream , which has a slightly salty , smoky flavor and is much more delicious than it sounds . Budget Travel Dream Trip : Scale a volcano in Ecuador After my dinner , wrapped in several layers of fleece and down , I waddle out to a tepee for a folk concert by native Laplander Yana Mangi . At the end of each song , the crowd responds with a uniquely Arctic ovation : muffled mitten clapping . My suite has a nautical theme , with walls curved into a frozen wave and an oval bed of bluish ice set beneath a clam-shaped headboard . Topped with a mattress and a reindeer skin , the setup looks snug . Almost . The temperature is a brisk 23 degrees Fahrenheit , and I 'm still petrified I 'll lose a finger to hypothermia , even in my head-to-toe winter wardrobe . I climb under the furry blanket , making sure not an inch of skin is exposed . Then I gaze through the slits in my microfleece face mask and marvel at the stillness . My breath comes in shallow white puffs . Soon , I 'm fast asleep . The next thing I know , a hotel attendant is standing beside me with a cup of steaming lingonberry juice -- my wake-up call . Amazingly , I slept through the night , giving new meaning to the expression "  out cold . " I wiggle my fingers and toes -- they 're tingly , but all there . Then I do what any sane person would : sprint to the chalet to thaw out in the shower and sauna . Most guests stay only one night , but I opt for a second . It 's not to prove my mettle ; I feel as if I 've done that . Rather , I find my frosty alcove incredibly restful and therapeutic . Maybe the hotel should add an ice yoga studio next ? IF YOU GO ... GETTING THERE A round-trip flight between New York and Stockholm on SAS costs about $ 700 in midwinter  flysas.com  . From Stockholm , take a 16-hour train ride to Kiruna  from $ 44 round trip  . The Icehotel is a $ 13 bus ride away . WHEN TO GO The hotel opens every year in early December and closes at the end of April . You have a chance of spotting the northern lights in December and January , but those are the coldest months -- temperatures can dip to 45 below . WHAT TO PACK Think wool and fleece layers ; avoid cotton , which can trap moisture and make you colder . The hotel supplies boots and hats . For details , see icehotel.com/winter/adventure/dress . WHERE TO SPLURGE Do n't miss the guided hotel tour  $ 37 per person  . And how about an ice-sculpting lesson  $ 75 per person  ? Or a six-hour snowmobile safari to see moose at their winter feeding grounds  $ 400 per person  ? WHERE TO SAVE Tour the Icehotel by day , and then spend the night at Hotel Kebne in Kiruna  011-46/980 -68 -180 , hotellkebne.com , from $ 100  . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	The Icehotel started out in 1990 as nothing more than a crude igloo Now guests can stay in elaborate suites handcrafted in ice by artists Bathrooms are located in a heated chalet
CNN  -- Rwandan troops have crossed into the Democratic Republic of Congo to prepare for a joint operation with Congolese forces against a Hutu militia , the United Nations said . At least 800,000 people are thought to have died during 100 days of violence in Rwanda in 1994 . "  We can tell you there are Rwandan soldiers here , but I can not confirm the numbers , " said Madnodje Mounoubai , spokesman for the U.N. mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The Rwandans will team up "  with the Congolese forces , " he said Wednesday . "  The Rwandan forces are in a meeting with Congolese forces and the understanding is that in the meeting they are preparing a joint operation against the FDLR , " or the Democratic Liberation Forces of Rwanda . The Rwanda News Agency reported that Rwanda has dispatched 1,917 soldiers . Rwanda and Congo traditionally have been on different sides of the conflict in eastern Congo . The struggle pits ethnic Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against ethnic Hutu , backed by Congo . The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide dating back to the early 1990s , when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu . According to a statement issued last week by the Rwandan government , the joint military operation is aimed at driving out the FDLR and former members of the Interhamwe militia , "  remnants of those who spearheaded the 1994 genocide against Tutsis . " Michael Arunga , a Kenya-based spokesman for the World Vision aid organization , said his colleagues in Goma -- a city in eastern Congo -- told him that Rwandan troops arrived Tuesday morning in the village of Ishsha , outside of Goma . Arunga said he had no knowledge of Rwandan troops being in Congo before . A U.N. statement said the FDLR has been involved in clashes since late August mainly in North Kivu , "  where the national army , the mainly Tutsi militia -- known as the CNDP -- and other rebel groups ... have fought in shifting alliances , uprooting around 250,000 civilians on top of the 800,000 already displaced by violence in recent years . " See photos from Mia Farrow 's trip to the Democratic Republic of Congo " A report by a U.N. Security Council panel last month said Rwanda and Congo were fighting a brutal proxy war for territory and precious natural resources in eastern Congo , and all parties involved in the conflict were using execution , rape and child soldiers as tools of war . The report , filed by a panel of U.N. experts , "  found evidence that Rwandan authorities have sent officers and units of the Rwanda Defense Forces " into Congo in support of Congo rebel leader Laurent Nkunda 's fighters . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Rwanda has dispatched some 1,900 soldiers , Rwanda News Agency reports The neighbors have traditionally been on different sides of the conflict in east Congo The struggle pits Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against the Congo-backed Hutu The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide
