HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The 2-year-old grandson of Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai drowned in a swimming pool , barely a month after Tsvangirai 's wife died in a car crash , according to his spokesman . Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , left , with President Robert Mugabe . The child , Sean Tsvangirai , was at Tsvangirai 's house in Harare when he was found drowned in a swimming pool Saturday afternoon . "  He had wandered off and was found later in the pool of the house , " said Tsvangirai spokesman James Maridadi . Sean will be buried Monday in Tsvangirai 's home village of Buhera , where Tsvangirai 's wife Susan was buried last month after dying in an automobile crash March 6 . Tsvangirai was in the crash as well and suffered minor injuries . The prime minister returned to work last week . When Sean died , the prime minister was at a government retreat in Victoria Falls , where officials are attempting to come up with a blueprint to salvage the nation 's collapsed economy . At the retreat , the government adopted a 100-day renewal plan , according to state media reports . The retreat was attended by Tsvangirai , President Robert Mugabe and government ministers .	Sean Tsvangirai , 2 , found drowned in a swimming pool Saturday afternoon Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's wife died in car crash about 1 month ago When Sean died , the prime minister was at a government retreat
CNN Student News  -- October 11 , 2013 On the International Day of the Girl , CNN Student News discusses this year 's educational theme . We also report on a proposal to temporarily raise the U.S. debt ceiling , and we explore the largest ship in the world . Plus , we introduce this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Can media coverage have an impact on charities and the people they serve ? What might be the pros and cons of this coverage ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . Who appears on the new U.S. $ 100 bill ? 2 . What city is hosting the Winter Olympics next year ? 3 . Jack Lew leads what department in the U.S. government ? 4 . In what African country did U.S. forces recently capture one of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists ? 5 . Which of these U.S. states is part of Tornado Alley : West Virginia , Nebraska or Nevada ? 6 . The U.S. announced the suspension of some military aid to what North African nation , due to unrest there ? 7 . In what country would you find the world 's busiest port ? 8 . What bacteria recently caused an outbreak of foodborne illness linked to raw poultry ? 9 . What U.S. president also served on the Supreme Court ? 10 . During what war was the U.S. "  debt ceiling " created to monitor government spending ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- On Sunday morning , a strange word suddenly started trending for me on Twitter . The word was Ruzzle . I had no idea what it meant , so I did the smart thing and asked my dog . "  Mikey , what 's a Ruzzle ? " Through nonverbal communication , he indicated that it might have something to do with his groin . Though , to be fair , he 'd been indicating this for the better part of an hour . And with varying degrees of intensity . So , just to be sure , I Googled this strange new word and discovered that Ruzzle was actually a popular game app for your mobile device . And for some reason -- I still have no idea why -- at 10 a.m. on Sunday , lots of people were tweeting about it . Thus , I had to learn more . But not really . I do n't generally care on Sundays . Or wear pants . Nevertheless , a little half-hearted research revealed that this uber-popular word game seemed to be the offspring of a wild and kinky one-night-stand between Boggle and Scrabble . Apparently , things got a little crazy at the bar , there was a shared cab ride and , lo and behold , we now have Ruzzle . The underlying message : Be careful with tequila , kids . After downloading the app and opening a game account  for which I was denied the user name "  RealGilbertGottfried "  I soon learned that Ruzzle consists of three two-minute rounds in which you and your opponent each get 16 letters placed in four rows of four that can be linked together to create words by gliding your finger over the screen at any connecting angle . Like Boggle . Each letter is also given a point value based on difficulty , and some even award extra points by doubling or tripling the letter or overall word score . Like Scrabble . In the end , the player with the most points after three rounds is the one who does n't get shingles . Obviously , it 's a game of high stakes . "  Hi , boss . Yeah , it 's Hank . I wo n't be in this week . What 's that ? Yes . Ruzzle . Again . " OK , so the player with the most points actually just wins . However , if you 're competitive like me , losing is just as bad as a blistering skin rash . Which is why playing my mom was a horrible idea . She always wins . At everything . But I 'm a glutton for punishment and told her to sign up so she could give me something to write about and , perhaps , humiliate me in the process . Which she promptly did on her first attempt : 859-805 . The ensuing e-mail conversation went like this : Mom : "  Good game . " Me : "  I 've got your good game RIGHT HERE ! " Mom : "  Oh , my , that does n't sound nice ... " I 'm a particularly sore loser . And she 's gone on to destroy me three more times . "  I just want you to play as well as you can , dear . " Constantly getting beat by your mom . Man , what a drag . Since then , I 've at least found a way to defeat two random strangers whom I 've played against , and this has temporarily restored my limited sense of self-worth . Fortunately , there are plenty more strangers to go around . And "  plenty " is a bit of an understatement . The maker of the game , Stockholm-based MAG Interactive , boasts that it now has more than 9 million players in over 100 countries . It 's also available in 10 languages . I 'm currently utilizing the English version of the game because , after 34 years , I 've somehow managed to grasp it at a solid third-grade level . Much like one Twittererer who oh-so-intelligently chimed in on Sunday morning with " ... pop a book open . Then you 'll stop loosing -LSB- sic -RSB- in Ruzzle . " Sage advice . For him . So Ruzzle is officially something that matters , and , at press time , it was the No. 4 overall free app in America . It was also the No. 1 word game , apparently beating out Words with Friends , Scramble with Friends and Shared Needles with Friends . That last one might not actually be a game . Anyway , now I 'm included among the millions who play Ruzzle . But probably not for long . I get bored easily , and my interest is already starting to wane . Plus , I just keep "  loosing " to my mom .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at items trending online This week , Jarrett investigates the growing appeal of Ruzzle The mobile game has more than 9 million players , including Jarrett 's mom Do n't challenge her ; she 's good . Better than Jarrett , anyway
CNN  -- Solange Knowles has always been independent . Just ask her big sister , Beyonce , who told the New York Times back in 2012 , "  My sister will not record with me . She 's her own woman . " After years of carving her own niche in fashion and music , Knowles , 28 , has once again stepped out of the limelight around her more famous sibling : Her wedding over the weekend set the Internet a-Twitter . The singer married longtime love , music video director Alan Ferguson , 51 , on Sunday in her adopted city of New Orleans . And by it being the big day for the woman who has blogged about her fashion for the likes of Vogue , it was n't your average celebrity nuptials . Here are five ways Knowles broke wedding traditions with style . Everyone wore white Why should the bride have all the fun ? Everyone wore white or some variation and it was a really good look . All white wedding themes are gathering steam these days -- just check out Pinterest . Friend and Destiny 's Child member Kelly Rowland stuck to a similar theme at her recent ceremony , when her wedding party donned all white . Who says it 's bad luck to see the groom before the ceremony ? Not only did Solange see Ferguson , who has directed videos for artists including his new sister-in-law and Katy Perry , but the pair rode vintage , white bikes on the streets of the French Quarter to get to their wedding ceremony which was held at the Marigny Opera House . It was pretty adorable . She wore a wedding pantsuit The bride arrived for her wedding sporting a low-cut , cream-colored jumpsuit with a cape by designer Stephane Rolland . Her wedding portrait shows her in an elegant and high-necked Humberto Leon for Kenzo gown with a floor-length cape . It was classy and modest . What bridesmaids dresses ? If her wedding pic is any indication , everyone wore what they wanted . Instead of a traditional wedding party shot , Knowles commissioned an all-female portrait which shows women -- including sister Beyonce , mother Tina Knowles and singer friend Janelle Monae -- all wearing various designs in white . She 's a celebrity who did n't have a celebrity wedding Sure , major celebrities were there . Beyonce and Jay Z alone are major star power . But Knowles kept it simple and fun for the event , which was attended by about 200 guests . According to People , the couple had an intimate pre-wedding party at the Indywood Cinema and their wedding was followed by a traditional second line on the streets of New Orleans . It was a second marriage for Knowles , who was earlier married to former college football player Daniel Smith , who is father of their son Daniel Julez , 10 . "  Everyone I worked with on the wedding are friends who I love , " Knowles told Vogue . "  Everything was a labor of love . "	Solange Knowles married in New Orleans on Sunday Attendees wore white , not just the bride Knowles wore a pantsuit with a cape
CNN  -- The man charged Wednesday with attempting to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the latest alleged jihadist to be charged in a law enforcement sting , may or may not have had the capability to create a major terrorist incident . But if his case follows the pattern of other similar sting operations , what is clear is that he faces very long odds in court . Quazi Mohammad Rezwanual Ahsan Nafis , a 21-year-old Bangladeshi from Queens , is accused of plotting to detonate a 1,000-pound bomb outside the Federal Reserve building in Manhattan . Sounds pretty terrifying . But as acting Assistant FBI Director Mary Galligan explained , "  It is important to emphasize that the public was never at risk ... because two of the defendant 's ` accomplices ' were actually an FBI source and an FBI undercover agent . " According to the complaint against him , Nafis did travel to the United States by his own account to wage "  jihad . " But Nafis does n't seem like the sharpest aspiring terrorist . According to the complaint , Nafis believed that the undercover agent he was talking to had traveled overseas to meet al Qaeda 's leadership to get approval for the New York plot during the summer of this year . Not too many folks are known to have traveled to Pakistan 's tribal regions from the United States to meet with al Qaeda 's leaders in recent years . Terror plotting : Bravado or sincerity ? Yet Nafis will be quite unlikely to successfully mount a defense that he was entrapped by the feds . Since September 11 , 2001 , 207 individuals have been indicted on charges related to jihadist terrorism . Of those , 94 had interacted with an informant or an undercover law enforcement officer in the leadup to their arrest , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation . Defense attorneys and members of the local community have in many of those cases accused authorities of entrapment , though that claim is rarely used as an official defense , since entrapment is extremely difficult to prove . In one such contentious case in 2004 , two imams at a mosque in Albany , New York , Yassin Aref and Mohammed Hossain , became embroiled in an elaborate terrorism plot created entirely by the FBI after Hossain approached a longtime FBI informant to ask about obtaining an illegal driver 's license for his brother . Then , after agreeing to launder money that the FBI informant said would be used to buy a surface-to-air missile for terrorists , the two men were tried and convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison on money laundering and terrorism charges . Aref -- who spoke broken English -- maintained throughout the trial that he had n't even known he was laundering money , much less that he was supporting terrorism , and dozens of community members -- Muslim and non-Muslim -- wrote letters to the courts and to local newspapers describing Aref as a devoted father and peace-loving , law-abiding member of society . However , the odds are stacked against suspects like Aref . Of the 81 jihadist terrorism suspects who have gone to trial since 9/11 in cases involving an undercover agent or informant , every single one has either been convicted or pleaded guilty . Entrapment defenses just have n't worked in post-9 / 11 jihadist terrorism cases . By contrast , of the 45 non-jihadist terrorism suspects -- who include neo-Nazis , anarchists and anti-government extremists -- who have gone on trial since 9/11 in plots involving undercover agents or informants , the rate of successfully obtaining convictions or guilty pleas was about 77 % rather than the 100 % conviction rate in jihadist terrorism cases . New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said Wednesday , "  Whether al Qaeda operatives like Iyman Faris or those inspired by them like Jose Pimentel , terrorists have tried time and again to make New York City their killing field.Â We 're up to 15 plots and counting since 9/11 , with the Federal Reserve now added to a list of iconic targets that previously included the Brooklyn Bridge , the New York Stock Exchange and Citicorp Center . " But few of these 15 plots were truly threatening to New York . One of the terrorist suspects Kelly mentioned , Pimentel , allegedly came close last year to completing the construction of three pipe bombs he planned to use against New York police officers and returning U.S. troops , before authorities arrested him . But the FBI had turned down more than one request from the New York City Police Department to get involved with the investigation because its agents were of the opinion that Pimentel "  did n't have the predisposition or the ability to do anything on his own , " according to one anonymous law enforcement official . In fact , multiple acquaintances of Pimentel 's told police he was mentally unstable and had once tried to circumcise himself . He had difficulty drilling the holes in the pipe bomb parts that the undercover informant had provided him with and asked an upstairs neighbor to help him . This does n't sound like a cunning terrorist plotting to wreak havoc on the American public . Similarly , the other terrorist mentioned by Kelly , Pakistani-American Iyman Faris , was certainly someone who had met with al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan , but the harebrained plan he hatched to bring down the Brooklyn Bridge was to use a blowtorch to burn through the massive steel cables of the bridge , which had no chance of succeeding and which he never attempted . The good news is that even these not especially threatening cases , like that of Nafis , are becoming increasingly unusual . Since 2009 , jihadist terrorism cases in the United States has been on a steady decline , with only three suspected jihadists indicted in 2012 , compared with 25 in 2011 and a record 44 in 2009 . Why these jihadists ' terrorism cases have so precipitously declined in number is hard to diagnose precisely . But law enforcement efforts , which are well-publicized as in the Nafis case , have surely had a significant deterrent effect , and the ideology of al Qaeda has continued to lose whatever appeal it once enjoyed among a tiny minority of Muslims living in the United States .	Man from Bangladesh charged with attempting to detonate bomb outside Federal Reserve building Peter Bergen : Jihadists arrested as a result of many law enforcement sting operations He says they have n't succeeded in getting acquittals by using the entrapment defense Bergen : Jihadist terrorism cases have declined steadily since 2009
Washington  CNN  -- Panicked as the FBI closed in Friday morning , Prince Georges County Executive Jack Johnson and his wife Leslie raced to find a $ 100,000 check for an alleged kickback and flush it down the toilet . With agents knocking at the door , Leslie Johnson stuffed nearly $ 80,000 in her bra . The dramatic end to an alleged years-long kickback scheme is outlined in detail in an affidavit written by FBI investigator Wendy Munoz , whose team was monitoring wiretaps . Johnson , who has served as the executive of Prince Georges County since 2002 , was taken into custody along with his wife . The Johnsons made a first appearance in federal court late Friday in Greenbelt , Maryland , just outside Washington . They were both charged with tampering with evidence and destruction of records . U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein stressed the investigation is continuing . The Johnsons were released on their own recognizance , but Jack Johnson will be required to wear a monitoring device . He presumably will be allowed to continue serving out the last weeks of his expiring term as county executive if he chooses . The judge , however , ordered him not to attempt to destroy any evidence . Jack Johnson had been the Prince Georges County prosecutor prior to his eight years as executive . Leslie Johnson was just recently elected to the nine-member Prince Georges County Council . The ten-page affidavit says the FBI began investigating Johnson in 2006 when it learned that certain real estate developers were paying Johnson for contracts . That led to a "  a series of authorizations for the interception of wire communications . " The frantic end began early Friday when Johnson allegedly received a $ 15,000 payoff , and the FBI suddenly barged into the room to demand an explanation . Johnson told them the cash was for a party marking the end of his tenure as county executive . He also claimed he had no dealings with the developer who was with him . The FBI says Johnson made a series of false statements . The agents let him go but then eavesdropped on a series of frantic phone calls between Jack and Leslie Johnson as Jack Johnson and the FBI headed for the Johnsons ' Mitchellville , Maryland , home . "  Two women  agents  are at the door , " Leslie told her husband . "  Do n't answer it , " Jack said . He told her to run upstairs to their bedroom and go to "  my drawer . " "  You will see a check in there that -LSB- an unidentified developer -RSB- wrote to me , " he said . The affidavit says when Leslie found the check Jack told her to tear it up . "  Do you want me to put it down the toilet ? " she asked . Jack Johnson replied , "  Yes , flush that . " The agents monitoring the phone calls heard a flushing sound . Leslie Johnson grabbed cash from the bedroom and also ran to the basement and grabbed more cash . "  Put in your bra and walk out or something , I do n't know what to do , Jack said . "  I have it in my bra , " his wife replied . "  FBI agents then searched the person of Leslie Johnson incident to her arrest and recovered $ 79,600 in U.S. currency from her underwear , " the affidavit says . The wild ending may end up costing the Johnsons . The FBI says there is probable cause to believe that the pair "  tampered with ... evidence and engaged in destruction , alteration , and falsification of records in a federal investigation . " The FBI document does not say how much money Johnson may have received in kickbacks or bribes . It does say at least some of the funds involved were targeted from an $ 80 million dollar budget to programs supported by federal grants such as those from Department of Housing and Community Development .	NEW : Johnsons are charged with tampering with evidence and destruction of records NEW : Agents hear Jack Johnson tell his wife to "  flush " a check Federal agents executed search warrants as part of an ongoing investigation Affidavit : Leslie Johnson hides $ 80,000 in her bra as FBI agents knock at the door
The Chinese government had stern words for Israel at the start of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's five-day visit to the country . "  We oppose the use of weapons . We believe the sovereignty of any country should be respected , " said Hua Chunying , China 's foreign ministry spokeswoman on Monday , responding to reports that Israel carried out airstrikes against its neighbor Syria last weekend . "  China calls upon relevant parties to bear in mind peace and stability of the region , to exercise restraint and refrain from any actions that may escalate the tension , " she added . Strangely , Netanyahu 's visit to China on Monday coincided with the arrival of the President of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas . Beijing said it would be willing to host a bilateral meeting between the two Middle Eastern leaders . But an Israeli government official told CNN there were no plans for secret talks in China between Netanyahu and Abbas . "  Do n't hold your breath for a summit in Beijing , " the Israeli official told CNN , on condition of anonymity . The Israeli official said the Chinese had "  never been involved in mediating or suggesting new ideas or making plans . They are the big silent giant . " China has not traditionally played a mediation role in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But this week the world 's second largest economy appeared to be flexing its diplomatic muscles in the Middle East , proposing a four-point peace plan and repeating its call for the establishment of a Palestinian state with a capital in East Jerusalem . "  The issue , already lasting more than half a century , has brought deep suffering to the Palestinian people and remains an important reason of extended turbulence in the Middle East region , " said Chinese president Xi Jinping , during a meeting with Abbas on Monday , according to China 's state news agency Xinhua . Israel 's prime minister is visiting China 's commercial capital Shanghai on Tuesday . He is expected to travel on to Beijing on Wednesday . China 's foreign ministry spokesman suggested Netanyahu may get a tough , unwelcome message from his Chinese hosts . "  On the current Syrian situation and Israel 's continuous air raid inside , I have already expounded China 's position , " Hua said on Tuesday . "  And we will explicitly tell the Israeli side China 's position . " China has a long history of expressing public support for the Palestinians . The Chinese government has also used its veto in the United Nations Security Council to protect the Syrian government from facing Western-backed sanctions , throughout two years of bloody violence in Syria . However , Beijing has also quietly established closer trade ties in recent years with Israel .	Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu is in China for a five-day visit China : "  The sovereignty of any country should be respected " Netanyahu 's visit coincides with arrival of his Palestinian counterpart , Mahmoud Abbas Two Mideast leaders not likely to meet , Israeli spokesman says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy is having hundreds of its older F/A -18 fighter jets inspected , including some flying operations over Afghanistan , for cracks in part of a wing assembly , officials said Friday . Inspectors looking at F/A -18 fighter jets have found 15 with stress crack problems on the wings . Some 636 F/A -18 A through D model Hornets in both the Navy and the Marine Corps are being inspected for stress cracks on a hinge connecting the aileron to the flaps on the back side of the wings , according to Navy spokesmen . Inspectors started looking at the planes Thursday and have found 15 aircrafts with the problem . A panel on the wing can be swapped out with a new one to get rid of the problem . The Navy is still looking at the hinge in question to see whether the problem is severe enough to ground the Hornets and come up for a permanent fix for the hinge . Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the 636 planes . This month , a post-flight inspection of one F/A -18 found a crack , and it was determined to be systemic enough to warrant an inspection of the older F/A -18 s , according to Navy officials . The Navy also flies the Super Hornet , a newer version of the F/A -18 . That plane is not part of this inspection . Navy flight operations around the world will not be interrupted because of the inspections , officials said .	636 F/A -18 A through D model Hornets being inspected for stress crack Inspectors started looking at planes Thursday and have found 15 with problem Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the planes
CNN  -- There were no shocks in the first round of the French Open Sunday , except for one : eight time champion Rafael Nadal will begin the defense of his title in the secondary Suzanne Lenglen court , a move dubbed as "  bizarre " by one player . As world number one and reigning champion , not to mention arguably the greatest player to ever grace the clay of Roland Garros , Nadal would have expected to start his campaign -- a match against American wild card Robby Ginepri -- on the Philippe Chatrier court . But organizers decided to host Novak Djokovic versus Joao Sousa and Stan Wawrinka versus Guillermo Garcia-Lopez instead , a move which has prompted a furious reaction on social media , and amongst some players . "  That 's really bizarre , " John Isner told AFP , after the American had needed two tiebreaks to beat tough Frenchman Pierre-Hugues Herbert 7-6  7/5  , 7-6  7/4  , 7-5 . "  I mean , how many times does the guy have to win the tournament to be able to have his first match on Chatrier ? " Sunday 's matches saw Roger Federer play in his record 58th consecutive grand slam . It was easy pickings for the 33 year old who beat Slovakia 's Lukas Lacko 6-2 , 6-4 , 6-2 . Sixth seed Tomas Berdych also won in straight sets , 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-4 , against the Canadian Peter Polansky . Another Canadian , exciting young prospect Milos Raonic who came close to shocking Djokovic at the Rome Masters recently , had a slightly tougher time beating Australia 's Nick Kyrgios 6-3 , 7-6  7/1  , 6-3 . World number one Serena Williams began her campaign with a simple 6-2 , 6-1 victory against Alize Lim of France whilst sister Venus beat Switzerland 's Belinda Bencic 6-4 , 6-1 . The action now moves on to Monday for Nadal and Djokovic . "  It 's a big court , there is television , so you can put it everywhere , you know , in the world , " said French number two Jo-Wilfried Tsonga when asked about Nadal 's court allocation . "  I hope it 's okay for him . "	First round of the French Open begins at Roland Garros Federer , Isner , Berdych , Tsonga , Raonic all through eight time champ Nadal begins tomorrow , on second court Furious reaction on social media by fans
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe that this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- The first time I heard anything about people living in the sewers in Colombia was back at the beginning of the '90s . The sewage system running under Bogota 's streets was filled with packs of kids living waist-deep in human waste and taking in copious amounts of glue and crack in order to cope . This was at the height of Colombia 's Dirty War , and the whole reason street kids had moved into the sewers in the first place was to get away from the violence above ground . But then the paramilitary death squads who had chased them off the street started coming into the pipes and shooting them or dousing them in gasoline or raping them . The sewer kids became a fairly big humanitarian story in the media for a while , with networks in America and Europe sending in TV crews to cover it and folks setting up charities abroad . Then , as happens with news stories , it fell off the radar , and I guess people kind of thought the problem had been resolved , if they thought of it at all . But what had actually happened was , about six months after all the stories aired , the death squads went in , armed with the whereabouts of the sewer-kid hot spots , and carried out massive reprisal killings . There was some talk in the government about cracking down on the death squads , but by all accounts , soldiers and off-duty cops made up a good part of most squads . So the situation just stagnated while the world turned its attention elsewhere . See the rest of Sewers of Bogota at VBS.TV When we went into the sewers and started talking to people , nobody wanted to be anywhere near our camera . Having heard stories about the last time cameras came down , they were all sure that the police would figure out where they were hiding from our footage and come in to beat the  expletive  out of them  the fact that they were all cracked out of their skulls probably did n't help with the paranoia either  . We took great pains to obscure the locations of their homes , but the only reason any of them talked with us was because we went down with Jaime Jaramillo . We had mixed feelings about Jaime , or "  Papa Jaime " as he prefers to be called , when we met him . He was constantly mugging for the camera and repeating the same well-rehearsed speeches about the kids ' living conditions  "  Their only food is trash , their only music the honking of the city bus ... "  , calling us at our hotel when he 's on the local news , etc. . The thing is , though , he is seriously one of the only people in the country who 's done anything about the situation in the sewers . We all snickered at the meditation tapes and the Evel Knievel jumpsuit , but once we got down into the pipes , not only did all the kids know and trust him , they ran to him like he was made out of crack .	VBS goes underground and meets kids who are living in sewers to escape violence Drug use rampant as kids cope with living among feces , rats and fear One man has dedicated his life to helping the kids get back on their feet
SEASIDE , Oregon  CNN  -- One day in 1957 , when Jeff Daly was 6 years old , his little sister , Molly , disappeared . Jeff Daly 's efforts to find his sister , Molly , led to a new Oregon law about records for institutions for the disabled . Every night at dinner , he would ask his parents the same question , "  Where 's Molly ? " Every night , he says , he received the same answer : "  Stop asking about Molly . " Decades later , Daly learned that his parents had sent Molly to a state institution nine days before her third birthday . Nearly 50 years later , Daly found his sister and made a documentary about his search . "  Since the movie , literally hundreds of people have come up to us and said , ' I had a -LSB- relative -RSB- that I remember my family talking about that was sent away . Do you know how we can find out about that person ? ' " says Daly . Interactive : Watch Jeff Daly tell more about his and Molly 's story " An increasing number of people are trying to reconnect with family members sent to live in institutions decades ago , advocates for the disabled say . The Arc , a national advocacy organization for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities , has created a new online family registry and search service , the FindFamily Registry , to help with such reunions . Through the registry , The ArcLink , a family services venture associated with The Arc , is compiling a database of information from family members seeking loved ones , as well as from caregivers hoping to find relatives of the people they 're caring for . From that database , ArcLink staff will work to make connections . To prevent abuse , The ArcLink will carefully screen people seeking information . When a match is found , both parties will be notified . It 's unknown exactly how many children were institutionalized in the last century . In 1967 , at the height of institutionalization , as many as 100,000 children were housed in 162 state facilities across the U.S. , according to Charlie Lakin , a professor at the University of Minnesota who studies the history of institutionalization . Other experts put the number of institutions as high as 200 . Guest blog : Reflections on what is ` different . ' Most of the people sent to institutions had some sort of developmental disability -- Down syndrome , retardation , cerebral palsy or autism , for example . Some also were sent to institutions because they were viewed as "  slow . " Many had other kinds of secondary disabilities , such as being in a wheelchair . In a few cases , able-bodied people also ended up in state facilities because their families could not support them financially . Watch how Daly answered the question : "  Where 's Molly ? " " Conditions could be horrific , Lakin said . Residents were sometimes restrained in leather cuffs or straitjackets , overly sedated , isolated for long periods of time , and in many cases , sterilized . Many had little or no contact with their families . Read the first-person story of a mom 's love for her disabled son . Such treatment was considered appropriate . Over the 19th centuries and 20th centuries , society 's treatment of people with intellectual disabilities changed . From an early mission of training "  productive workers " who would return to their communities , state schools for the disabled evolved into often overcrowded permanent homes , as fear and stigma colored public attitudes about people who were different . Many parents also did n't have the means or support system to keep a child with a disability at home . There was no "  mainstreaming " of children with disabilities in schools . Interactive : How attitudes toward people with intellectual disabilities have changed " In the 1960s , under President John F. Kennedy , who himself had an intellectually handicapped sister , new federal laws boosted funding for resources and research on intellectual disabilities . In the 1970s , after a series of lawsuits in federal courts led to a push toward independent living for people with intellectual disabilities , the institutions began closing . Most residents were sent to smaller group homes . As difficult as it is for modern-day parents to fathom , parents sent children away under the advice of their doctors , historians say . "  Back then , the standard physician message to parents with a disabled infant was , ` You ca n't handle this . Give the baby to the state , and do n't worry about it , ' " says Elbert Johns , president of The ArcLink , which provides information about services and service providers and technology resources to families of the developmentally disabled . Bill Lynch , executive director of the Oregon Council on Developmental Disabilities , says it 's hard to appreciate the culture of decades ago . "  There was a lot of shame on the part of these families , " he said . "  There was such a huge stigma to disability . We 're still getting over that . " Many who try to reconnect do so against the wishes of the parents of the disabled child , who still feel that shame , Johns says . "  There was once a motivation on the part of families to dump and forget , " Johns says . "  The parents made a major life decision decades ago , and now somebody 's questioning that . " But he said when people do reach out , "  that reconnection is pretty precious . " Molly 's medical records indicate that she was born with a club foot and a lazy eye , which was left blind after surgery . When she was around 2 , records show , doctors amended her diagnosis to "  profoundly retarded , " a characterization that Daly doubts but has no proof to contradict . Daly says his father tried to stay connected to Molly and visited her at Fairview , the Oregon state institution where she had gone to live . But because Molly became so upset each time he left , the staff asked him to stop coming , Daly says . Daly says his own search for Molly , which he recounts in the documentary "  Where 's Molly ? " was relatively easy . Even though his parents would n't talk about Molly after she left , his father kept meticulous records . In 2004 , after his parents had died , Daly found the phone number for the group home where Molly was sent after Fairview closed in 2000 . "  He left clues for us . He left us little bits of information that gave us the ability to find Molly , " he says . "  I know he wanted me to find Molly . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Senior producer Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report .	People increasingly seek reunions with once-institutionalized relatives Most sent to institutions had some form of developmental disability In 1967 , as many as 100,000 children were housed in 162 state facilities in U.S. Advocacy group The Arc creates online registry , search service , to help reunions
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus faced fresh trouble Thursday after the Bangladeshi government ordered an inquiry into irregularities during his tenure as head of his microlending bank . The Bangladeshi Cabinet , headed by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , ordered the Internal Resources Division to ascertain whether Yunus , founder of Grameen Bank , enjoyed tax exemption while he was managing director of the bank , said Cabinet secretary Mohammad Musharraf Hossain Bhuiyan . Yunus , who is now in his 70s , founded Grameen Bank three decades ago in an effort to alleviate poverty . He was forced out as managing director last year after Bangladesh 's central bank , the financial regulatory authority in the South Asian nation , said Yunus had to end his service at age 60 and that holding his position at 70 was illegal . Yunus unsuccessfully challenged the central bank 's decision in court . As a result of their work , Yunus and Grameen Bank won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 . He was also awarded the American Presidential Medal of Freedom and a U.S. Congressional Gold Medal . The Grameen Bank model was replicated in many parts of the world as its work drew increasing attention to microcredit , a then-novel idea of making small loans to poor people who would not qualify for standard bank loans . The Cabinet on Thursday also approved a draft law reducing the power of Grameen 's board and allowing its government-nominated chairman to appoint the bank 's managing director . It also directed the Bangladesh central bank and the Financial Institutions Division to report on how much money Yunus made in salaries and allowances while head of the bank after he turned 60 , Bhuiyan said . Yunus immediately expressed deep shock at the decision . In a statement , he said he had always worried the government would take over the bank . "  Now my apprehension has started to become a reality . I am so disheartened that I am unable to express my feelings , " said Yunus . During a visit to Dhaka earlier this year , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton angered the government when she said she hoped the work of Grameen Bank and Yunus would not be undermined by government actions . Finance Minister A.M.A. Muhith at the time said the government , which owns a 25 % stake in Grameen , had not taken any action against the bank and that the bank was performing well without Yunus . Yunus ' supporters say he was under fire for criticizing politicians and trying to form his own political party five years ago during an interim , unelected , military-backed government . That party was later abandoned . The government , however , denied the claim .	Muhammad Yunus won the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize for founding Grameen Bank The bank pioneered microlending to the poor The Bangladeshi government has ordered an inquiry into Yunus ' tenure The government forced Yunus out last year because of age limits
Washington  CNN  -- A government official at the center of lavish spending at a Las Vegas conference claimed his Fifth Amendment rights against testifying at a congressional hearing Monday , while his former boss said she mourned her departure from public service over the controversy . Jeff Neely , the General Services Administration official who organized the 2010 conference that cost $ 800,000 , repeatedly refused to answer questions , saying more than five times : "  I respectfully decline to answer any questions here today based on my Fifth Amendment constitutional privileges . " Rep. Darrell Issa , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee , then excused Neely and proceeded with the hearing on what he described as an unacceptable waste of taxpayer money . "  We 're here today to get answers to questions that should have been asked and answered a long , long , long time ago , " Issa said in his opening remarks , adding that the controversy raised "  serious questions in the minds of the American people about how government is using their tax dollars . " Issa also injected politics into his comments , saying the situation should raise questions in the minds of people about whether "  government and its reach should be expanded , " a common Republican criticism of Democrats . The controversy involving a normally obscure federal agency has become politically toxic after reports and video clips of the lavish 2010 conference in Las Vegas were released . The revelation has prompted taxpayer indignation , embarrassed the administration and put a spotlight on wasteful spending by the GSA , which acts as a real estate agency for the federal government . Particular questions raised by Issa included why it took 11 months for the results of an inspector general 's investigation to become public , and why a former congressional aide to President Barack Obama remained in his top job at GSA when he likely knew of the wrongdoing -- or should have . In later tough questioning of that official , GSA Chief of Staff Mike Robertson , Issa determined that a lawyer in the White House counsel 's office knew of the ongoing investigation of the GSA in the middle of 2011 , nine months before the earliest time acknowledged to date by the administration . However , Robertson later issued a statement to clarify his testimony to the committee , saying : "  I only mentioned in passing the existence of an IG  inspector general  investigation as I bumped into a White House staffer that I regularly worked with on GSA issues . This was in late May or June of 2011 . " Committee members from both parties expressed outrage Monday over the GSA 's excessive spending , contracting violations and other abuses cited by the inspector general 's report . Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , the ranking Democrat on the panel , called the GSA behavior "  indefensible and intolerable , " taking aim at Neely , a Public Buildings Service regional commissioner for GSA who organized the Las Vegas conference . "  In one e-mail , " Cummings began , "  Mr. Neely invited personal friends to the conference , writing , and I quote -- and this is simply incredible -- quote : ` We 'll get you guys a room near us , and we 'll pick up the room tab . Could be a blast . ' End of quote . He then went on and wrote this -- ' I know I 'm bad , but as Deb and I often say , why not enjoy it while we have it and while we can . Ai n't gon na last forever . ' End of quote . Well , Mr. Neely it stops now . " In her opening statement , former GSA administrator Martha Johnson said she found a badly managed GSA when she took over in 2010 after more than two years of interim leadership . She added that the Western Regions conference at the heart of the problem had become a "  raucous , extravagant , arrogant , self-congratulatory event that ultimately belittled federal workers . " When she received a draft of the final inspector general 's report outlining the abuses , Johnson said , she started thinking immediately she might have to resign . Her final decision to step down came "  three or four days " before the final report was released in March because she wanted to send a message to the American people that "  this was unacceptable , it was appalling and not the norm , " said Johnson , who had a long career in public service . "  I will mourn for the rest of my life the loss of my appointment , " Johnson said of her resignation . Johnson stepped down nearly two weeks ago as the Obama administration revealed details of the Western Regions convention at a Las Vegas casino . Videos then surfaced of David Foley , a deputy commissioner of the Public Buildings Service , an arm of the GSA , appearing to mock congressional oversight . In it , he gave a talent show award to an employee whose video featured a rap about spending too much and joking about avoiding investigation . Additional videos also came out , including one that seemed to make fun of President Barack Obama , as well as a fake red carpet ceremony with Neely , a deputy GSA commissioner , boasting that his goal was to make the Las Vegas conference he helped organize "  over the top . " Details also emerged of an employee incentive program that violated limits on awards or gifts . Johnson , Foley , Robertson and Neely were all witnesses at Monday 's hearing , along with GSA Inspector General Brian Miller , who wrote the report on GSA spending that set off the public controversy . Issa said Neely was the only witness who required a subpoena . Neely also was the only one who refused to answer questions under constitutional protections against self-incrimination . Committee members took the witnesses to task over the violations of government regulations and policies cited by Miller 's report . In particular , conservative Republican members repeatedly listed the excesses -- more than $ 6,000 for commemorative coins for conference attendees , $ 75,000 for a team-building exercise to construct 24 bicycles then given to underprivileged children , the hiring of a mind reader as entertainment -- as well as bypassing a staff event planner to pay outsiders to prepare the conference and repeated "  scouting visits " to Las Vegas by officials and family members . "  I want indictments , " Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-South Carolina , said to Miller . "  That 's a great way to get people 's attention . Not a memo , not a report . An indictment . " Working for the government "  is a sacred trust , which you have blown , " Gowdy said to the GSA officials . He lamented the culture of waste and extravagance , saying of the team-building exercise that "  I hate that you robbed yourself of the satisfaction of knowing what it feels like yourself instead of spending somebody else 's money to do it . " The hearing included several harsh exchanges , including when Issa questioned Robertson , a former staffer for Obama in the Senate , about when he first told anyone in the White House of the investigation of GSA . In a long back-and-forth , Issa tried to narrow Roberton 's responses to a specific date and person . "  I communicated to the appropriate people , " Robertson initially answered , then acknowledged he spoke to the White House as part of his regular dealings . Asked when he first told anyone at the White House about the investigation , Robertson eventually said it was within a few weeks after GSA officials were first notified by the inspector general of a problem in May 2011 . Issa then asked who he told , and Robertson twice said it was an unnamed person in the White House counsel 's office before Issa insisted : "  What 's the name ? " Only then did Robertson answer the person was Kim Harris . White House salary disclosures for 2011 list a Kimberley D. Harris as a deputy assistant to the president and deputy counsel to the president . Previously , a senior administration official told CNN that the White House was notified by GSA about the final inspector general 's report shortly before it was released last month , more than nine months after Robertson said he told Harris about the ongoing investigation . Issa acknowledged that over-the-top GSA spending existed during the preceding Bush administration , though he disputes figures released by Obama officials that show a 102 % increase from 2006 to 2008 . However , information provided by his staff on Monday showed the increase from 2006 to 2008 approached that figure . "  Wasteful spending is a problem that transcends multiple administrations , " he said , adding that it was up to the current administration to halt it now . CNN 's Stacey Samuel contributed to this report .	Committee members express outrage over GSA actions A GSA official says he told a White House lawyer of the problem in May or June 2011 The GSA chief who resigned over the controversy mourns her departure Republicans try to score political points at the House Oversight Committee hearing
London  Financial Times  -- Samsung successfully fended off a legal move by Apple to block the sale of its tablet computers in the UK but only after suffering the indignity of a judge ruling that its Galaxy Tabs were "  not cool " enough to be mistaken for iPads . Apple had claimed three models of the Galaxy Tab too closely resembled the design of the iPad . But Judge Colin Birss ruled that there were noticeable differences between the tablets in terms of their thickness and the designs on the back . "  They do not have the same understated and extreme simplicity which is possessed by the Apple design , " the judge said of the Samsung gadgets . "  They are not as cool . " The ruling is the latest skirmish in a global patent battle that Apple has been waging since 2010 against companies like Samsung and HTC which produce tablet computers and mobile phones using Google 's Android operating system . Such devices are the biggest commercial threat to Apple , and rivals have accused the US company of using its patents aggressively to disrupt their sales . Last month Apple persuaded a San Jose court to put a temporary block on sales of Samsung Galaxy phones and tablets in the US , pending a full court trial over patent claims at the end of July . Last week an appeals court lifted the ban on smartphone sales while upholding the block on sales of the tablet . Apple shipped 11.8 m iPads during the first three months of the year , giving it a worldwide market share of 68 per cent , according to IDC , the technology research company . Samsung devices have started to gain traction , however , taking the South Korean company to second place in global market share in the first quarter . Despite the legal wrangling , Samsung reported record operating profits last week , largely on the back of sales of its Galaxy smartphones . The company has said it expects to have sold more than 10m units of its latest smartphone , the Galaxy SIII , by July . Apple has been given 21 days to appeal against the UK ruling . It said : "  It 's no coincidence that Samsung 's latest products look a lot like the iPhone and iPad , from the shape of the hardware to the user interface and even the packaging . This kind of blatant copying is wrong and , as we 've said many times before , we need to protect Apple 's intellectual property when companies steal our ideas . " Samsung welcomed the ruling and said : "  Should Apple continue to make excessive legal claims in other countries based on such generic designs , innovation in the industry could be harmed and consumer choice unduly limited . " © The Financial Times Limited 2012	UK judge rules Galaxy Tabs "  not cool " enough to be mistaken for iPads Apple claimed three models were too similar to its iPad design Apple has 21 days to appeal against the UK ruling Rivals access Apple of using its patents aggressively to disrupt sales
CNN  -- Four scuba divers drowned after a routine trip to a popular underwater cave system in southern Italy went horribly wrong over the weekend , according to the coast guard . The party of divers lost their way while trying to find the exit from the "  Blood Grotto , " a red-walled cave near the tourist port of Palinuro on Italy 's southwest coast on Saturday . The divers became disoriented after kicking up mud and sand from the floor while trying to find a way out -- and instead entered a nearby tunnel which led four of the divers to a dead end , where the coast guard says their bodies were found . Massimo Ruggiero , the coast guard commander , confirmed to CNN that the victims were Greek-born Panaiotis Telios , British-born Douglas Rizzo , and Susy Covaccini and Andrea Pedroni , both from Rome . An Italian public prosecutor has ordered an investigation into the accident , and the equipment used by the divers was checked for faults . Marco Sebastiani , one of the dive 's five survivors , said by the time he realized the party was heading the wrong way , it was too late . "  All of a sudden the guide started to panic ... I knew something was wrong but at that point we had already entered the cave and we were going in even further . I tried to take control but it was too late , " Sebastiani told Italy 's Il Messaggero newspaper . Sebastiani , who owns a diving school in Rome , said : "  We suddenly found ourselves in a blind tunnel . We could n't see anything . At that point it was panic . The agitation of the least experienced took hold . Mud and sand came up from the bottom of the cave and visibility was gone . " "  We could n't find the exit . At a certain point I managed to find my way . I took as many people as I could with me and we swam towards the light , which grew bigger all the time . When I came up , I looked around to count us and I realised that Susy , Andrea , Douglas and Panos were n't there . I dove back in and went looking for them but I could n't see them . Then my tank ran out of oxygen . " The Blood Grotto and other submerged caves on Palinuro 's coast are popular destinations for amateur divers -- and the Cilento and Vallo di Diano National Park the caves belong to is a UNESCO World Heritage site .	Four divers drown after being trapped in underwater cave in southern Italy Divers reportedly got lost on way out of "  Blood Grotto " and ended up in dead end Survivor : "  All of a sudden the guide started to panic ... I tried to take control but it was too late "
Rakovski , Bulgaria  CNN  -- Greece 's economic problems may be having a negative impact across much of Europe , but one country could be benefiting from its troubles . Greek investors are said to be jumping across their neighboring border to Bulgaria , money in hand . "  It 's a very sad reason but it is happening actually , " says Georgy Ganev , an economist from the Center for Liberal Strategies . "  Even some Greeks are transferring their monetary balances from Greece to Bulgaria -- obviously hedging the risk for Greece leaving the eurozone . " Leaving the eurozone is the solution to Greece 's troubles , according to markets analyst Louise Cooper , from BGC Partners . "  Greece has to exit the Euro , it has to get competitive , has to devalue currency and then almost needs a Marshall Plan , " she says . "  Austerity has destroyed the country . " Tough measures brought in to rescue the Greek economy have seen a massive drop in the standard of living , and it 's brought pressure on the interim government . Whoever wins the national elections on May 6 , the government needs to impose more austerity measures -- worth 5.5 % of GDP , or $ 14.4 billion , plus a further $ 4 billion in taxes -- conditions of the EU/IMF bailout that is keeping Greece from going bust . Greek businesses are now looking at Bulgaria , to take advantage of its lower taxes and wages -- and to be more competitive . Staff Jeans is one Greek company that is making the move . Part of its production is already carried out in Bulgaria but after sales in its home country plummeted by 40 % last year , it is now looking at moving all of its manufacturing across the border . "  What is happening in Greece right now is a tragedy , " says Joseph Komninakidis from Staff Jeans . "  We are losing a lot of revenue and at the same time have large costs bringing our products back and forth between Bulgaria and Greece . " He says his company needs to reduce these costs to be more competitive in Europe . It 's not just business that is shifting , but also private investors . Real estate brokers have noticed an influx of Greek buyers . "  It is not so far to travel for them , " explains Boyko Boykov from B & H Real Estate . "  It 's because of the prices and because of the location . "	Greek investors moving across the border to Bulgaria Businesses and private investors looking to Bulgaria because of lower taxes and wages Tough austerity measures in Greece have brought pressure on the interim government
CNN  -- Moussa Dadis Camara , the military leader of the West African nation of Guinea , was shot and wounded in an attack on his presidential convoy , an official said . His "  life is not in any danger , " said the regime 's minister of state for presidential affairs , Maj. Keletigui Faro . "  The situation is under control . " The attack occurred on Thursday in Conakry , the nation 's capital , Faro said . It comes after increased pressure internally and internationally for Camara to hold , but not be a candidate in , elections in January . Camara , who seized power in a coup in December 2008 , has given no indication that he will follow through with the elections . In September an opposition demonstration was marred by violence , as the military fired on people gathered in the capital 's national stadium . Human rights groups say at least 157 people were killed and many women were raped . The military continues to crack down on opposition in the country , Amnesty International said in a newly released report . "  A climate of fear continues in Guinea , " said the organization 's Gaetan Mootoo . "  The authorities can no longer turn a blind eye to the human rights violations committed by its security forces . "	Attack occurs Thursday in the nation 's capital , Conakry , official says Camara seized power in a coup in December 2008 In September an opposition demonstration was marred by violence At least 157 people were killed , women raped , human rights groups say
CNN  -- As the U.S. partial government shutdown continues into almost a third week , the stakes are growing . Of upmost concern is not a lengthy closure of the federal bureaucracy , but that Washington could default on its debt around October 17 , unless the debt limit is raised by Congress . The impact of default could be catastrophic , and not just economically . As Secretary of State John Kerry asserts , this would send a message "  of political silliness " that we "  ca n't get our own act together " so we need to "  get back on a track the world will respect . " In other words , the country 's reputation as a responsible international power , both in terms of domestic and foreign policy , is being undermined . Recognizing the gravity of the situation , President Barack Obama cancelled his important week-long trip to Asia to try to secure a breakthrough . Internationally , the spectacle of what is perceived as Washington 's growing political dysfunction in recent years is as bemusing as it is alarming . And , according to some data , this is a driver behind a decline in the country 's international reputation . For instance , the 2012-2013 FutureBrand Country Index shows a continued fall in the international ranking of the United States compared to other nations . Based on a sample of about 3,600 people in 18 countries , it concludes that the country is "  in decline , " partly because of "  successive fiscal crises . " This builds on earlier studies by the organization , including in 2011-12 which highlighted "  intensified speculation about America 's long-term stability , " partly as a result of the downgrade by Standard & Poor 's of the country 's credit rating . This was prompted by the last near debt default of Washington in 2011 . These findings on the U.S. 's reputation are echoed by the 2013 BBC Country Rating Survey , which interviewed about 26,000 people in 25 countries , and also the 2013 Pew Global Study based on a sample of about 37,600 in 39 countries . The BBC poll recorded a fall in positive views towards America for a second consecutive year , while the Pew survey found that pro-U.S. sentiment is slipping , after a strong bounce following Obama 's election in 2008 . To be sure , the scale of reputational damage is not -- currently -- as serious as that which faced the country during the previous Bush administration . For much of that period , surveys indicated profound international concern with U.S. foreign and military policies . Indeed , the country 's reputation had fallen to its lowest level since at least the Vietnam War . Then , as now , however , the country retains attractive qualities for many foreigners , including its popular culture and economic innovation . And the fact remains that , in times of major urgency , Washington can transcend partisan divisions and work in the national interest . This was demonstrated , for instance , during the 2008-9 financial crisis when Congress and the administration acted more swiftly and comprehensively than many other countries to counteract the worst economic turmoil since at least the 1930s . This has been key in enabling the country to recover more quickly from recession than some other areas of the world . While current problems should therefore be put into context , the situation is nonetheless troubling . And this is not the first time this year that a Washington political impasse has threatened negative economic repercussions . Only at the 11th hour did Congress in January agree a deal to prevent the U.S. falling off the "  fiscal cliff . " It is estimated that the automatic tax increases and spending cuts might well have taken the U.S. economy back into recession . At the core of the current troubles is not just growing polarization between Democrats and Republicans , but significant intra-party divisions too . This is especially so between moderate and right-wing Republicans  and the Tea Party faction  . Thus , although House Speaker John Boehner , the Republican leader in the House of Representatives , has pledged that Washington will not default , his efforts are being undercut by more conservative colleagues . He may therefore have to rely on Democratic votes to secure approval for raising the debt ceiling in the House . Political infighting looks likely to only intensify in the build-up to next year 's congressional elections . This threatens key reforms on the horizon , including an immigration overhaul , which is of interest to many internationally . The perception , in many foreign capitals , is that growing partisanship is also infecting U.S. foreign policy . And , this is feeding angst over the reliability of Washington as an international partner , as has been vocalized in recent days by several countries , including China , Japan and Mexico . Already this month , Obama has lost the opportunity to advance the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal as a result of the cancellation of his Asia trip . Meanwhile , U.S. trade officials were forced to postpone second-round negotiations with Brussels over the proposed Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership . The gravity of this reputational issue for U.S. foreign relations was recently acknowledged by two former defence secretaries . Republican Donald Rumsfeld asserted that "  lack of leadership is sending a signal around the world that the United States is in decline , that that we 're withdrawing , that we as a country are not going to behave in a rational manner . " Meanwhile , Democrat Leon Panetta bemoaned that by "  governing by crisis after crisis after crisis ... the world will view the United States as less able to back its word with power . " Looking ahead this month , it remains most likely that a deal will be done before October 17 to raise the debt limit . And some scholars believe Obama has the constitutional power to raise the ceiling without congressional approval , a claim that the White House has so far rejected . With uncertainty growing , the only sure thing is that default would send seismic economic and political shockwaves across the globe . This would not just further undermine the U.S. 's reputation as a responsible international power , but potentially send it into freefall again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Impact of U.S. default would send out global economic and political shockwaves U.S. reputation as responsible power would be undermined Internationally , pro-American views appear already to be sliding There 's a perception in many capitals that domestic partisanship is infecting U.S. foreign policy
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- The masked henchmen grabbed three fingers on each of the Syrian political cartoonist 's hands and pulled them back all the way -- so far that they cracked . "  Break his arms so that he does n't ever draw again , " one said . Ali Ferzat -- the cartoonist who described the 2011 attack to me in a recent interview -- soon found himself bleeding and left for dead near the Damascus airport . His assailants , who he believes were acting on behalf of the Syrian regime , dragged him alongside a moving car . His head and shoulder bounced on the pavement and then the men shoved him out of the vehicle , dumping him on the side of the road . Ferzat wondered if he would live , let alone draw again . It would be months before he would learn the second answer . Before I 'd heard these and the other horrifying details of this attack against one of the Arab world 's most notable artists , I asked Ferzat -- an Arab-Santa-looking character with a smile that could cheer up Tilda Swinton -- if he was sure his hands were broken to stop him from drawing cartoons critical of Syria 's leader , Bashar al-Assad . His answer made me laugh . "  Obviously , " he said . "  What do I look like to you , a chef ? " I met Ferzat in at the Oslo Freedom Forum , a gathering of dissidents and human rights activists , where he received the Vaclav Havel Prize for Creative Dissent . Being in his presence was the human-rights nerd version of a basketball fan meeting LeBron . But what impressed me most about Ferzat is that he 's maintained his wit and cheer despite the darkness that has fallen on him and on his country , which is in the grips of an intractable two-year war that 's killed an estimated 80,000 people . He is almost naively optimistic about Syria 's future . And it 's infectious . The rest of Syria 's opposition should take note . As his story shows , the true strength of a revolution is in its ideas -- in nonviolent actions such as drawing truth to power . Dictators do have reason to be scared of cartoons . That 's why Ferzat 's hands became some of the most feared objects in Syria . "  They came after me , " he said . "  Obviously  cartooning  has power . " The self-taught artist , who 's in his early 60s , has been using them to mock authority since he was a young boy -- first imitating cartoons he admired and then creating satire of his own . He went pro in the 1970s , gaining notoriety for publishing cartoons domestically and internationally . Back then , before the current war , Ferzat never dared to depict specific people in his cartoons . He drew autocrats and dictators , but they never looked like real , identifiable people . He did it to avoid censorship or retaliation . But that was before the war -- before reports emerged , in May 2011 , that a 13-year-old had been tortured and killed in Daraa , Syria . Stories like those of Hamza Ali al-Khateeb 's death , which reportedly involved his genitals being mutilated , pushed Ferzat across a threshold . He started to draw exact likeness of al-Assad in his satire . Enough was enough . His pen would hold no punches . Ferzat drew al-Assad standing on the side of the road with his thumb in the air , ready to hitchhike out of Syria . A crazed Moammar Gadhafi , who was still alive at the time but later would be killed in Libya 's uprising , was driving a getaway car . The message was clear : Syria 's leader had to go . That was the image , he told me , that led to his attack on August 25 , 2011 . Ferzat 's animated demeanor -- his eyebrows bounce when he talks and his hands , now unbandaged , gesture wildly -- flattened as he told me the story . That day , a white car with darkly tinted windows followed him out of the studio before dawn . He 's been working there by candlelight to avoid detection . Frightened by the car , he drove to the center of Damascus , to a square he knew to be home to government buildings and the president 's palace . The car followed and crashed into him at the square , he said , forcing him stop . Three men emerged and yanked off the doors of Ferzat 's car . They pulled him from it , beat him with crowd-control batons and then yanked plastic handcuffs around his wrists . "  They handcuffed me so tightly I felt that one of my wrists was going to break , " he said . SANA , the Syrian state news agency , reported Ferzat "  was attacked by veiled people " and that "  authorities concerned are conducting an investigation . " My e-mail requesting further information , however , was not responded to . And the U.S. State Department condemned the attack , saying in a statement that the al-Assad regime was sending "  a clear message that  Ferzat  should stop drawing . " They beat him so badly that his vision failed for days in one eye , Farzat told me , and he could barely see out of the other . Confused , Ferzat asked what was happening to him . "  Do n't you ever dare to cross your bosses and to cross your leaders , because Bashar al-Assad 's shoe is on your face and on your head . "  For evidence of the severity of that insult , recall the Bush and Ahmadinejad shoe-throwing incidents  . They drove 30 minutes to a road near the Damascus airport . That 's where they threw him from the car . "  My white shirt was completely , totally , red from the blood , " he said . He thought he surely would bleed to death there . Cars would n't stop , perhaps afraid to pick up a person targeted by the regime or by police . But then the first of three miracles happened : A truck 's tire burst , forcing it to stop exactly in front of Ferzat . "  This is like something out of a freakin ' movie , " Amir Ahmad Nasr , a blogger-author friend who was translating the conversation from Arabic , said to me . Ferzat threw himself into the bed of the pickup and begged the three men who drove it to take him back to the city . They agreed to drop him at the gates of Damascus , but would n't take him further -- definitely not to a hospital -- for fear of being targeted themselves . Still bleeding and barely able to see because of the beatings to his head , Ferzat wandered up to a house and asked its guard for help . Then the second miracle : The guard agreed to give him a ride to a nearby clinic , where  here 's the third  doctors recognized the cartoonist and were sympathetic to his cause . They treated him at his house to avoid detection . But there was always the worry : his hands . Would he draw again ? "  My hands became stuck like this , " he told me , tensing up his digits into a wooden , claw-like shape . "  The doctors told me I needed to get treatment overseas . " Fate , again , would intervene . Using a newspaper contact in Kuwait , Ferzat arranged to leave Syria and seek treatment in a hospital there . After six months of surgery and physical therapy , he was able to put pen to paper . The first cartoon he created after the attack was not diluted by fear . He drew al-Assad and Russia 's Vladimir Putin walking side by side , their legs intertwined to make the shape of a Nazi swastika . Ferzat is still living in exile . But the revolution needs him . It needs his art . He 's seen images of protesters and rebels carrying printouts of his drawings . So he contributes art from outside the country . The outcome of the war in Syria is anything but sure . But talk to Ferzat and his optimism will rub off on you . He 's convinced he will live and draw in Syria again -- that people in his country , a cradle of civilization that invented one of the world 's first alphabets , are no longer afraid and eventually will triumph over the regime that would crush their spirits and their art . After hearing his story , I 'm hard-pressed not to believe him . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Syrian political cartoonist details 2011 attack in which his hands were broken John Sutter : Ali Ferzat 's story offers hope for the Syrian revolution He says meeting Ferzat is the ` human-rights-nerd version of a basketball fan meeting LeBron ' Sutter : ` Ferzat 's hands are some of the most feared objects in Syria '
CNN  -- Spain striker Fernando Torres faces a race against time to be fit for the start of the World Cup after being ruled out for the rest of the European soccer season . Torres ' English club Liverpool announced that the player was to have knee surgery on Sunday night and would be sidelined out for about six weeks . That means the 26-year-old will miss the last four games of the English Premier League campaign , with Liverpool battling to qualify for next season 's Champions League . He has scored 22 goals this season , but had a month out after a knee operation in January . Top scorer Torres will also sit out both legs of the Europa League semifinal against Spanish side Atletico Madrid , with the second-tier European club tournament being Liverpool 's only hope of winning a trophy this season . "  Fernando saw a specialist in Spain earlier today and it was decided that he would need surgery on a torn cartilage in his right knee , " Liverpool 's Web site reported on Sunday . "  This will be carried out later tonight . We can not comment ahead of the operation , but as a guide , the usual rehabilitation period for this type of procedure is around six weeks . " The World Cup in South Africa kicks off on June 11 , with Spain 's first match against Switzerland five days later -- which gives Torres a two-week window to return to match fitness . Spain coach Vicente del Bosque must name his final 23-man squad by June 1 . European champions Spain will have pre-tournament friendlies in Austria against Saudi Arabia on May 29 and South Korea on June 3 , then play Poland in Murcia on June 8 . Meanwhile , Arsenal 's English Premier League title hopes are over after the third-placed London club conceded three goals in the last 11 minutes to lose 3-2 at struggling Wigan . Arsenal led with goals by England winger Theo Walcott and French defender Mikael Silvestre either side of halftime , but Ben Watson pulled one back with 10 minutes to play and a howler by Polish goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski gifted Titus Bramble a headed equalizer and Charles N'Zogbia curled in a superb injury-time winner . It was Arsenal 's second defeat in five days following the 2-1 reverse at fourth-placed Tottenham , and left Arsene Wenger 's team six points behind leaders Chelsea with three games to play . Wigan moved seven points clear of the relegation zone to almost guarantee another season in the top flight . Aston Villa moved above Liverpool into sixth place with a 2-1 win at relegated Portsmouth as substitute Nathan Delfouneso scored the winner with his first touch after Norway striker John Carew leveled and then missed a first-half penalty . In Spain , Real Madrid closed the gap on leaders Barcelona with a 2-0 victory at home to third-placed Valencia . Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain coolly slotted his 25th league goal of the campaign after turning onto Guti 's threaded pass in the 25th minute , while fellow top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo sidefooted home Marcelo 's low cross with 12 minutes to play to also have 27 this season . Real trail champions Barca by one point with five matches to play , while Valencia are another 24 points adrift . Mallorca can move up to fourth place above Sevilla with victory at home to Osasuna on Monday . In Sunday 's other games , Athletic Bilbao stayed seventh after a 0-0 draw at home to struggling Zaragoza , third-bottom Tenerife won 3-2 against eighth-placed Getafe , Deportiva La Coruna drew 0-0 with Almeria , while Malaga were also held goalless by fellow relegation battlers Valladolid . In Italy , Roma returned to the top of Serie A with a 2-1 victory against Rome rivals Lazio on Sunday . Montenegro forward Mirko Vucinic scored both goals , the second a fine free-kick , after Tommaso Rocchi 's 14th-minute opener for Lazio as Roma went one point clear of champions Inter Milan with with games to play . Lazio should have led 2-0 but Sergio Floccari missed a penalty just after halftime , while teammate Cristian Ledesma was sent off at the end . Third-placed AC Milan lost 2-1 at Sampdoria , with defender Daniele Bonera sent off after 53 minutes with his team 1-0 up thanks to a first-half goal from Marco Borriello . Antonio Cassano leveled from the penalty resulting from Bonera 's dismissal and Giampaolo Pazzini headed an injury-time winner to put his side fourth , seven points behind Milan . In Germany , Borussia Dortmund failed to overtake fourth-placed Bayer Leverkusen after conceding a late equalizer in the 1-1 draw with visiting strugglers Hoffenheim . Bottom club Hertha Berlin earned a 2-2 draw at Eintracht Frankfurt but are still six points from safety with three games to play .	Fernando Torres ruled out for about six weeks as he needs operation on his knee Liverpool striker will miss rest of European season and faces battle for World Cup fitness Arsenal 's English title hopes suffer big blow with shock 3-2 defeat at Wigan Real Madrid close to within a point of Spanish leaders Barcelona , beating Valencia 2-0
CNN  -- Seeing lightness and color are the simplest sensations the brain has . And yet even at this most basic level we never see the light that falls onto our eyes  called the retinal image  or even the real-world source of that image . Rather , neuroscience research tells us that we only ever see what proved useful to see in the past . Illusions are a simple but powerful example of this point . Like all our perceptions , we see illusions because the brain evolved not to see the retinal image , but to resolve the inherent "  meaninglessness " of that image by continually redefining normality , a normality that is necessarily grounded in relationships , history and ecology . Which is why we innately find regularities in information and reflexively imbue those regularities with value . But it is the value , not the information itself we see . So , tomorrow morning when you open your eyes and look "  out into " the world , do n't be fooled . You 're in fact looking in . You 're not seeing the world ; you 're seeing a world ... an internal map of value-relations derived from interactions within a particular , narrow context . Another essential point about illusions implied in my TED talk is that they reveal our amazing capacity to entertain mutually exclusive internal realities simultaneously . Learn what TED is all about For instance , while looking at one of my color illusions  say the multicolored cube  you 're aware of one reality : that two tiles look very different , while simultaneously being aware of an opposite reality : that the two tiles are in fact physically the same . This capacity to be an observer of yourself is phenomenal and possibly unique to humans . Indeed , to literally "  see yourself see " is in my view the principal act of consciousness , which has the power to transform one 's view of the world and of oneself . The importance of the above observations stemming from my own work and that of others transcend neuroscience . They show us in an explicit  and I hope engaging  way that our senses are not "  fragile , " as many would have you believe . They show us instead that we are not outside observers of nature defined in isolation . We are instead indivisible from nature , defined by the trial and error process of interaction , a process in which we can choose to become active agents  but too often choose not to  . Understanding this point is I believe critical to personal and social well-being , since the typical barrier to a deeper insight into oneself and others is the overriding , but necessarily false impression that what "  I " see , what "  I " hear and what "  I " know is the world as it really is . But , by "  seeing yourself see , " in other words by actively exploring how your thoughts , feelings , beliefs and even the colors you see reflect your physical , social and cultural ecology , only then is it possible to understand the source of coherence and conflict within and between individuals . Put another way , only by accepting my own humanity can I accept the humanity of others . "  Seeing myself see " creates the opportunity for this acceptance . Illusions , then , were not the point of my talk , but simply a tool for encouraging this process . Resolving uncertainty is essential to our survival . Hence our fear of ambiguous situations is palpable -- e.g. , the inability to resolve sensory conflict between the eyes and ears can result in nausea  like seasickness  . And yet it is only by embracing the unknown within education , science , art and most importantly within our own private lives that we will find new routes to more enlightened ways of seeing and being . Thus , courage not confidence is at the heart of this process of actively redefining normality , which is the route to compassion and creativity . Encouraging this process by celebrating uncertainty is the raison d'etre of my work ... from the science of human and bee perception , to the art of translating images into music , to the design of a glass windmill for primary schools , to the creation of the "  My School " educational program  a framework for teaching and architecture that directly supports creativity , community choice and compassion  , even to giving a talk at TED . By providing relevant , tangible and accessible frameworks for others to take part in the process of discovery , I hope -- in a very modest way -- that my work will help foster a more empathetic view of nature and human nature . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Beau Lotto .	R. Beau Lotto : We only ever see what proved useful to see in the past But when seeing , we can be aware of one reality and an opposite reality , he says Lotto : To literally "  see yourself see " is the principal act of consciousness Lotto 's talk first of weekly series on CNN.com : Ted Talk Tuesdays
Families torn apart for more than 60 years -- separated by the Korean War -- began to reunite at a mountain resort in North Korea Thursday . Without any regular forms of communications between the two Koreas , the family members have gone decades without phone calls , letters or emails -- unable to know whether their loved ones are alive or dead . The majority of the participants in South Korea are now in their 80s and 90s . The meetings are likely to be the last time the separated families will have contact with one another . Thursday 's reunion is the first since November 2010 . The negotiations leading to the expected reunions have also been painstaking , reflecting the tensions between North and South Korean governments . Past reunions have been emotional affairs with sobbing relatives clinging to each other and showing each other family photos . This time , the reunion was n't conducted as freely as North Korean workers stood beside the tables and listened to every conversation . One North Korean resident thanked the Marshall , which is the country 's leader , Kim Jong Un for his "  blessing " and making the visit possible . On Thursday , the first of a six-day event , an initial 200 North and South Koreans met . Among them was Jang Chun , whose brother was 8 years old when he last saw him . Jang , a North Korean conscript during the Korean War , was taken prisoner by UN forces in South Korea . He has since lived in the South and has been unable to see his family . But four years ago , he received a letter and several photos of his family in North Korea through the Red Cross . The black-and-white photos showed his brother and a picture of his brother 's wedding -- major life milestones Jang had been unable to attend . "  It was shocking , " he said . "  I did n't even know they were alive although I had hoped they were . After reading the letter , I started crying , I was filled with both joy and sorrow . " Jang clutched the only memorabilia he has of his long-lost family . "  Whenever I miss my family , I read this letter , " Jang said . Jang , silver-haired and aging , thought he finally got his chance when he learned he 'd be part of a reunion group last September . The reunion waitlist in Seoul has thousands of names and the lucky ones are selected through a computer-generated lottery . But Pyongyang canceled the September event with only a few days notice , accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries . "  It was like being hit on the back of the head , " Jang said about the shock of coming so close , only to have his hopes dashed . "  I had to take medication and sedatives . " It may have felt like deja-vu for Jang earlier this month . After the Korean governments reached an agreement to hold reunions , less than a day later , North Korea said it may back out if South Korea holds its annual military drills with the United States . South Korea has refused to cancel the annual drills . Pyongyang 's attempts to link the reunions to politics were rejected by both Seoul and Washington who see it as a purely humanitarian issue . Jang finally got his wish , trembling , while he held the hands of his younger brother , Jang Hwa Chun and younger sister Jang Keum Soon , who both live in North Korea . Jang had brought his son , Jang Ki-woong , who met his North Korean uncle and aunt for the first time . They learned coincidentally that both Jang 's son and his younger brother had become locomotive engineers . Jang 's younger sister burst into tears during the conversation . "  Every time a train passes by , I thought  about you  , " Jang Keum Soon told her South Korean brother , sobbing . "  I missed you , older brother . " Jang 's son vowed to his North Korean aunt and uncle : "  I will drive a train and come here . I am a locomotive engineer so I will drive the train and promise to come back . Until then , please stay healthy and live a long life . " Although delayed by snow , 82 South Korean participants accompanied by 58 other members arrived Thursday afternoon and were scheduled to have lunch before finally meeting their families . The reunion ended for the day around 5 p.m. Trust remains tenuous in the peninsula , separated by the world 's most fortified border -- the Demilitarized Zone and rocked by North Korea 's nuclear test last year . The rarity of inter-Korea reunions meant that many participants in ill health insisted on going to Mount Kumgang for the event , desperate for a chance to see their relatives . Nineteen of the South Korean participants were in wheelchairs . Two South Korean participants departed for the reunion venue by ambulance , one of them was receiving an IV drip , refusing to miss the date . South Korean participants of the reunion were seen bringing gifts for their family members . The most popular gifts for families in North Korea were Choco Pies , a chocolate-covered treat , along with medicine and medical supplies like pain killers , according to YTN , a CNN affiliate in South Korea . They were greeted with a newly-made stone near their North Korean facilities that read : "  Long Live General Kim Jong Un , The Sun of Military First Korea . "	North and South Korean families to reunite in six-day event at North Korean mountain resort Most of the South Korean participants are in their 80s and 90s Families have been separated since the Korean War An armistice between the warring sides was signed in 1953
London  CNN  -- A technical issue at the UK 's air traffic control center in Swanwick is causing delays to hundreds of flights Saturday across the United Kingdom , including Heathrow Airport . The National Air Traffic Services said in a lunchtime statement that it had identified the problem and anticipated it would take until 6:30 p.m.  1:30 p.m. ET  to resolve . An issue with the center 's internal telephone system has resulted "  in a significant reduction in capacity in some areas of UK en-route airspace , " it said . However , "  Safety has not been compromised at any time . " NATS would normally have handled about 2,000 flights by noon on Saturday but was about 20 % down as a result of the morning 's problems , it said , with about 1,700 handled . "  We now understand what the problem is and our engineers are working hard to rectify the issues as quickly as possible , " the statement said . The NATS center at Swanwick handles flights for much of England and Wales , including the airspace around London which it says is one of the busiest areas in Europe . Stranded travelers voiced their frustration on Twitter . "  Flight changed and pushed back twice . Delay of just two hours . Let 's hope it stays that way , " said Carolanner . A Heathrow spokeswoman said , "  Flights from many UK airports , including Heathrow , are subject to delay and cancellation . If you are flying today you should check the status of your flight with your airline . " Airport information boards indicated the problem is affecting departures to a greater extent than arrivals . Heathrow , to the west of London , is one of the busiest airports in the world , serving 70 million passengers annually according to its website . On average , around 191,000 passengers transited the airport daily in 2012 . Gatwick , Stansted and Luton Airports in southeast England are also suffering disruption , as are other busy UK airports , including Birmingham , Manchester , Glasgow and Edinburgh . Dublin Airport in Ireland said it was also experiencing some flight delays and cancellations as a result of the problems in the United Kingdom . Low-cost airline Ryanair said on its website , "  Ryanair has been advised of an equipment failure within UK Air Traffic Control which will cause significant flight delays and possible cancellations . " Transatlantic operator Virgin Atlantic said it was "  experiencing some delays , " while shorthaul airline Easyjet said it was "  experiencing severe delays to flights to , from and within the UK . " British Airways said the problem had caused delays to some flights and "  led to significant shorthaul cancellations . " NATS said the technical problem involved its internal communications system . "  At night , when it 's quiet , sectors of airspace are combined . As it gets busier in the daytime the sectors are split out again and additional control positions are opened to meet the traffic demand . "  Because of the problem with the internal telephone system , it was not possible to open the additional control positions this morning , resulting in a significant reduction in capacity in some areas of UK en-route airspace . "	NEW : Disruption to flights in Britain is also impacting Dublin Airport National air traffic control service says problem will take several hours to fix Hundreds of flights are delayed across Britain ; cancellations also reported Air traffic control service says the issue is with its internal telephone system
CNN  -- It must be a bomb . That was Debbie Wagner 's first thought when she heard the boom as she lay in bed overnight Saturday in her home on Indianapolis ' Southside . Downstairs , she found a ceiling fan plunged to the floor , glass shattered , and the deadbolt of her front door blown open -- not even knowing then her garage doors had been blown in . Only later did Wagner and her husband Andy learn that , among their neighbors , they were some of the lucky ones . A huge explosion had pierced the nighttime silence and ripped through the streets before characterized by solid two-story homes , garages and lawns . Two adults were killed , while seven others went to area hospitals , due to the explosion and related fires , said Deputy Chief Kenny Bacon of the Indianapolis Fire Department . Aerial video showed the significant material cost as well , with only the foundations remaining of some homes , others left charred , and dozens more homes like the Wagners ' suffering damage of all different sorts . "  The house felt like it was shaking , your chest was shaking , " Wagner told CNN affiliate WISH . "  It 's like nothing that you 've ever experienced . " Fire department spokeswoman Bonnie Hensley said early Sunday that two houses sitting next to one another blew up . But hours later , authorities still had n't determined , publicly at least , why they did . Citizens Energy spokesman Dan Considine said Sunday there were no reports of gas smells prior to the blast . While the personal and physical toll was enormous , some officials are counting their blessings and crediting the prompt , extensive response from public safety authorities -- plus the good fortune that some locals were away for the night -- with preventing even more bloodshed . "  It was a massive explosion , " said Troy Riggs , the city 's director of public safety . " ... But it could have been much worse . " Soon after it happened , first responders swarmed on the area -- some of them in shorts and tennis shoes , having apparently rushed to the scene right away , said Riggs . At one point , 60 to 70 firefighters were on site to control blazes and prevent more , according to Bacon . Their other primary duty was to round up residents , as crews "  did at least a primary , secondary and tertiary search of every home " to clear people out , he said . About 200 neighbors eventually made their way to nearby Mary Bryan Elementary School , where doctors and paramedics checked each one , said Bacon . Wagner described the predominant feeling among her neighbors as sorrow . "  People are just ... in shock , because it is such a surreal thing , " she said . After the sun rose Sunday morning , the devastation became more stark and painful . Authorities went door to door at 126 properties in the neighborhood , dividing them into a few simple categories : "  OK " for those with cosmetic and survivable damage , other designations for those with an uncertain future , or those that were a lost cause . Eighty homes were somehow affected , said Adam Collins , the deputy code enforcement director for the city , causing an estimated $ 3.6 million in damage . Most of these had minor damage , in the form of broken glass , torn-off siding or garage door damage , that did n't make their homes uninhabitable . Another 31 suffered what Collins called "  major damage " -- meaning , for most of them , it 's still to be determined if they can be lived in again . Inspectors know for sure that five can not , as they are "  either gone or will require a demolition . " Riggs said he expects authorities will discover more damage , and residents will have to deal with more headaches and heartache in the coming weeks . Handing out his cell phone number to those affected , he promised them they would n't be alone . "  We understand that their lives are upside down , " Riggs said . "  We 're going to do everything we can to help  re -  establish their lives , and go forward . " CNN 's Jake Carpenter , AnneClaire Stapleton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Seven go to hospitals after the late-night blast in an Indianapolis neighborhood , officials say Five of the homes affected are lost , while 26 others may not be inhabitable , an inspector says "  People are just ... in shock , because it is such a surreal thing , " a resident says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Monday his $ 447 billion jobs plan is a common-sense approach needed right away , but House Republican leaders said they opposed Obama 's intention to pay for it by ending tax relief for corporations and the wealthy . In a message accompanying the legislation he sent to Congress on Monday afternoon , Obama said his proposal "  is fully paid for . " "  The legislation includes specific offsets to close corporate tax loopholes and asks the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share that more than cover the cost of the jobs measures , " Obama 's message said . In addition , he said , the package increases the target figure of a special joint congressional committee working on deficit reduction by the amount his plan would cost . If the committee reaches the higher target in deficit-reduction measures , then the offsets in his legislation that cover the cost of the plan would be unnecessary and therefore eliminated . However , House Speaker John Boehner 's spokesman said the White House 's proposal on how to pay for the measure was unacceptable . "  It would be fair to say this tax increase on job creators is the kind of proposal both parties have opposed in the past , " Michael Steel said in a written statement . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor echoed that stance , telling reporters : "  I sure hope that the president is not suggesting that we pay for his proposals with a massive tax increase at the end of 2012 on the job creators that we 're actually counting on to reduce unemployment . " The Obama plan is part of the president 's effort to resurrect a comprehensive deficit reduction deal with Republicans that would include reforms of the tax code and entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid to accompany government spending cuts . With $ 900 billion in spending cuts already enacted , the special joint deficit committee created under last month 's debt ceiling agreement has started work on finding another $ 1.5 trillion in deficit reduction steps that Congress can pass by the end of the year . In the meantime , Obama is pushing his jobs plan as a package of immediate steps that can spur economic growth and job creation . "  This is a bill that will put people back to work all across the country , " Obama told a crowd of teachers , veterans , small-business owners and others at the White House . "  This is a bill that will help our economy in a moment of national crisis . This is a bill that is based on ideas from both Democrats and Republicans , and this is the bill that Congress needs to pass . " With his poll numbers down as his campaign for re-election next year is beginning , Obama noted that "  there are some in Washington who would rather settle our differences through politics and the elections than try to resolve them now . " But the "  fact of the matter is the next election is 14 months away -- the American people do n't have the luxury of waiting 14 months for Congress to take action , " the president said . Obama made his pitch in the Rose Garden hours before sending the legislation to Capitol Hill , where it received a polite but mixed reception . Boehner , R-Ohio , released a statement immediately after Obama 's remarks , promising prompt consideration of the proposal . At the same time , however , Boehner took a swipe at the 2009 economic stimulus plan backed by the administration . "  The record of the economic proposals enacted during the last Congress necessitates careful examination of the president 's latest plan as well as consideration of alternative measures that may more effectively support private-sector job creation , " Boehner said . "  It is my hope that we will be able to work together to put in place the best ideas of both parties and help put Americans back to work . " Obama has been touting the virtue of his plan on the road , stopping in Virginia last Friday and heading to Ohio and North Carolina later this week . Among other things , Obama 's plan would extend and expand the current payroll tax cut -- a proposal estimated to reduce revenues by $ 240 billion . The current cut , which has cost $ 112 billion so far , allows employees to pay 4.2 % instead of 6.2 % on their first $ 106,800 of wages into Social Security . Obama wants to continue the break -- now set to expire at the end of the year -- while reducing employee contributions further , to 3.1 % . At the same time , the president wants to halve the payroll tax that businesses pay -- to 3.1 % -- on the first $ 5 million in wages . Obama 's proposal also includes a new $ 49 billion extension of unemployment benefits , which were lengthened to the current 99-week maximum in 2009 . Top Democrats argue that that money would immediately be pumped back into the economy in the form of new consumer spending . Nearly 43 % of America 's unemployed have now been out of work for more than six months . In addition , the plan proposes $ 60 billion for infrastructure development such as repairing roads and bridges , including the establishment of an infrastructure bank to help finance such projects . It is unclear whether the American Jobs Act -- consisting largely of targeted tax cuts , infrastructure spending and new job training assistance -- can win over enough skeptical congressional Republicans , particularly in light of Obama 's falling approval ratings and the looming presidential campaign . Cantor , R-Virginia , made clear he opposed new infrastructure spending and some other aspects of the Obama plan . "  Anything that is akin to the stimulus bill is not going to be acceptable to the American people , " Cantor said , arguing that the 2009 stimulus that aimed money at boosting public sector jobs did n't work . Instead , the GOP wants to target aid to small businesses , he said . "  The fact is we do n't have the money and we 've got to prioritize , and right now it 's about getting people back to work , " Cantor said . Cantor cited tax credits for employers , reforming aid for the jobless , and passage of the three pending trade deals as areas of possible bipartisan agreement . While he agreed that infrastructure projects were worthy of focus , he said Congress should not be adding new money , but instead streamlining the process for getting current resources to state and local governments . "  I do not think the president 's all-or-nothing approach is something that is constructive , " Cantor said , adding , "  let 's not allow the things his bill that we disagree with to get in the way of producing some results . " Other provisions in the president 's proposal include $ 25 billion to refurbish schools , $ 35 billion to avoid layoffs among teachers and first responders , and tax incentives for small businesses to hire the long-term unemployed . Under the Obama plan , businesses could receive a tax credit of up to $ 4,000 for hiring workers who have been out of a job for more than six months . To pay for the bill , new limits would be set on tax exemptions and itemized deductions for families making more than $ 250,000 annually . So-called "  carried interest " for investment fund managers would be taxed as ordinary income , as opposed to the lower capital gains rate . Additionally , a series of oil and gas industry tax loopholes would be closed , and depreciation rules would be changed for corporate jet owners . The total value of the changes , according to White House Office of Management and Budget Director Jack Lew , would be $ 467 billion -- approximately $ 20 billion more than the total cost of the plan . The special congressional deficit committee has until November 23 to approve more than $ 1.5 trillion in new deficit reduction steps , and Congress would then have to pass the plan -- unamended -- by December 23 . If that does n't happen , more than $ 1 trillion in automatic across-the-board spending cuts would go into effect , including funding for the military , under a so-called trigger mechanism intended to motivate legislators to reach a deal . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Rebecca Stewart and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Boehner rejects ending both corporate tax breaks and tax cuts for the wealthy NEW : Obama says the deficit reduction committee also can decide how to pay House Speaker Boehner promises the House will consider the president 's plan Obama calls his job creation plan a "  common-sense " blueprint threatened by politics
CNN  -- U.S. ties with Egypt go deeper than aid , America 's top diplomat said Sunday . "  Let me make it clear here today : President Obama and the American people support the people of Egypt , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said . "  We believe this is a vital relationship . " Kerry 's visit marked the highest-level U.S. official trip to Egypt since former President Mohamed Morsy 's ouster in July . And it came just a day before Morsy is expected to make his first court appearance as he stands trial on charges of inciting violence . Kerry 's trip to Egypt was his first time in the country since the U.S. suspended significant military aid to Egypt over the bloody crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood , whose political arm backed Morsy . After meeting with Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy , Kerry pushed for reforms as he defended the U.S. decision to suspend hundreds of millions of dollars in assistance . "  It 's not a punishment , " Kerry said . "  It 's a reflection of a policy in the United States under our law . " The move was the culmination of months of debate within the Obama administration about how to respond to the coup that removed Morsy from power . But on Sunday , Kerry described the aid as "  a very small issue . " "  Our hope is that we can make the progress we need on democracy , the rights of people , the protections of people , the ability of the country to have its civil society strengthened and restored , and then we will march together hand in hand into the future , with Egypt playing the vital role that it has traditionally played in this region , " Kerry said . Kerry stressed that U.S. humanitarian support to Egypt continues , in addition to counterterrorism efforts with the military and work to ensure safety in the Sinai Peninsula . While in Cairo , he hosted a meeting with civil society organizations , including faith-based groups , human rights advocates , and youth and labor organizations , "  to discuss how Egypt can continue on its path to political and economic reform , " a senior State Department official said . The aid suspension last month roiled Egyptian officials . Fahmy told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour at the time that the decision raised concerns about the U.S.-Egypt relationship . "  This has been a relationship that has a continuity to it , especially on strategic issues like military cooperation . And any disruption in that continuity raises concerns . ... This is a very important relationship to both countries , and we need to work to enhance it , because it serves both sides , " he said . Kerry 's visit to Egypt was the first stop on a 10-day trip to the Middle East , Europe and Northern Africa . He left Cairo on Sunday for Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . CNN 's Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Secretary of State John Kerry visits Egypt a day before Mohamed Morsy 's trial starts Kerry 's visit is the highest-level U.S. trip to Egypt since the coup that ousted Morsy He pushes for reforms and defends a decision to suspend significant military aid "  It 's not a punishment , " Kerry says
CNN  -- By early next year , more than 20 chain restaurants will be posting calorie counts on their menus . Yet that information may not be enough to change consumers ' behavior , researchers say . According to a new report published in the American Journal of Public Health , the number of calories in a food or beverage item does n't mean much to many folks . But showing people how much activity they would have to do to burn those calories off might be enough to convince us to ditch our unhealthy habits . Researchers posted different types of signs around six stores in Baltimore . One type of sign posted the number of calories in a regular bottle of soda . Another type posted the amount of sugar in the same bottle . A third type of sign showed either the number of minutes someone would have to run or the number of miles they would have to walk to burn off those 250 extra calories . The scientists recorded all the purchases made by their target study population -- black teenagers from 12 to 18 . They also asked some of the adolescents what they thought of the signs as they exited the stores . Soda makers want to cut calories : But is diet really better ? Overall , the study author found that providing any calorie information encouraged more teens to purchase water or diet soda instead of a sugar-sweetened beverage . But signs that displayed the physical activity information had a stronger effect than the other types of signs . "  There is a strong scientific link between consumption of sugary beverages and obesity , " study author Sara Bleich of Johns Hopkins ' Bloomberg School of Public Health Department of Health Policy and Management said in a statement . "  Using these easy-to-understand and easy-to-install signs may help promote obesity prevention . "	Showing how much activity is required to burn off a beverage may help change behavior Study authors tested this theory in six stores around Baltimore They found activity info encouraged more teens to purchase water or diet soda
CNN  Virginia authorities on Friday said they have found no link between Jesse Matthew , suspected of killing college student Hannah Graham , and the abduction and slaying of a teenage girl in 2013 . Matthew 's arrest in October in the Graham case prompted authorities to investigate his possible links to a string of unsolved killings and disappearances in the area . One of those cases involved 17-year-old Alexis Murphy of Lovingston , Virginia , who disappeared in 2013 and whose body has not been found . Another man , Randy Taylor , was convicted of Murphy 's abduction and murder , but after Matthew 's arrest , Taylor 's attorney asked that evidence in the case be re-examined to check for any links to Matthew . Friday , the top prosecutor in Nelson County , which includes Lovingston , said fresh DNA testing conducted by the FBI after the attorney 's request excluded Matthew from evidence collected in the Murphy case . "  Law enforcement affirms its earlier conclusion that there is no credible evidence linking Jesse Matthew to the abduction and murder of Alexis Murphy , " Commonwealth 's Attorney Anthony Martin said . Matthew is charged with abducting and killing Graham , a University of Virginia sophomore whose body was found in October , a month after she vanished after a night out near campus . He is also charged in the sexual assault of a woman in Fairfax , Virginia , in 2005 ; the trial in that case is scheduled for March . Authorities said that in September 2005 , a 26-year-old woman returning from a grocery store was grabbed from behind and sexually assaulted . The attacker was scared off by a passerby . Information from the 2005 victim led police to link Matthew to the case of another missing young woman , Morgan Harrington , a Virginia Tech student who vanished in Charlottesville in October 2009 and was found dead a few months later . Matthew has not been charged in that case . Investigators are looking into his possible connection to other similar cases in the area . They include the August 2009 killing of Virginia Tech students Heidi Childs and David Metzler and the October 2009 killing of 23-year-old Cassandra Morton of Lynchburg , Virginia . Police are also investigating Matthew 's possible ties to the disappearance of 19-year-old Samantha Ann Clarke of Orange , Virginia .	Jesse Matthew is suspected of killing UVA student Hannah Graham last year Authorities looked into other similar cases after his arrest A prosecutor now rules out any connection to a 2013 homicide
CNN  -- Iraq has banned all Turkish flights from landing in the country in response to a dispute over millions of dollars owed by an Iraqi government oil company to Turkey . Iraqi transportation ministry spokesman Karim al-Nuri said the decision to block Turkish planes from Iraq , including the semi-autonomous Kurdish region , was in response to a similar ban in Turkey against Iraqi flights . However , a Turkish government official denied that Ankara blocked Iraqi planes . The official did say that Turkey warned that if Iraq 's State Oil Marketing Organization  SOMO  does not pay the $ 3 million owed to his country , then the country would ban Iraqi aircraft . "  They owe the money and they wish to freeze Turkish flights ... Talks are ongoing . But the way out is for SOMO to pay its debts , " the Turkish official said . Al-Nuri said Baghdad did not make "  a political decision . " "  Iraq will reverse its decision if Turkey reverses its decision , too , " al-Nuri said . After years of the U.S.-led war in Iraq , Turkey 's flagship carrier Turkish Airlines was one of the first international companies to begin direct flights to Baghdad . Increasingly , Turkey has grown as a major international gateway for commerce and travel to and from its Iraqi neighbor .	Iraq claims Turkey has banned Iraqi flights from landing Turkey denies making such a decision The dispute is over money owed by an Iraqi oil company to Turkey
New York  CNN  -- Police in New York are stepping up their presence in neighborhoods with large gay and lesbian communities after a string of recent attacks on residents based on their sexual orientation . "  Hate crimes are down this year , almost 30 % , but anti-gay hate crimes are up over 70 % , " Commissioner Ray Kelly said Tuesday , hours after the latest incident in which a gay couple walking in the city 's SoHo district were assaulted by two men shouting homophobic slurs . One of the victims suffered an eye injury . Two men , Fabian Ortiz and Pedro Jimenez , were arrested and charged with assault in the third degree as a hate crime , Kelly said . And late Monday , another man was left unconscious after being struck in the face and head several times when he revealed he was gay to another man . The suspect , identified as 39-year-old Roman Gornell -- "  became enraged , and yelled anti-gay expletives , " Kelly said . Gornell has been charged with assault and harassment as hate crimes in the incident . The rash of violence has caught the attention of city leaders , including Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who addressed the issue at a news conference Tuesday . "  No person -- regardless of what they look like or who they love -- should ever walk down the street in fear , " Bloomberg said . In the past two weeks , five crimes against those in the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community have occurred throughout Manhattan 's West Side , according to the New York City Council . In the most violent incident , 32-year-old Marc Carson was shot and killed in Greenwich Village early Saturday by a gunman who allegedly made multiple anti-gay comments before the shooting . Elliot Morales faces a charge of second-degree murder as a hate crime in the shooting , authorities said . In response , police are setting up temporary headquarter command vehicles in LGBT neighborhoods at least through the end of June -- the city 's Gay Pride month . "  Investigators say there 's no pattern in these types of crimes , " Kelly said Tuesday . "  These types of crimes are outrageous . And we are going to do everything in our power to see to it that they certainly do n't occur but if they do occur we 're going to very aggressively investigate them and bring people to justice . " Carson 's killing inspired a march Monday by city leaders and members of the LGBT community to the spot where Carson was slain . After the march , New York City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn announced a five-point plan for keeping the city 's LGBT residents safe . In addition to an increased police presence in LGBT neighborhoods , the plan calls for lessons in schools that address hate crimes and bullying . "  It was a cold-blooded hate crime that cut short a life full of promise -- and brought back awful memories for people who were once afraid to walk down the street with the person that they loved . New York City has zero tolerance for intolerance , " Bloomberg said of Carson 's killing . Erinn Cawthon reported from New York . Sarah Aarthun wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Anti-gay hate crimes up over 70 % , police commissioner says Two more attacks occurred this week Police are stepping up their presence in LGBT neighborhoods
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When the economy gets tough , the tough come out fighting . For some businesses , that means bringing out a fighter brand -- a cut-price version of a flagship product , marketed under a new name , and intended to fight back against budget competitors . "  Jetstar " is a fighter brand that worked , beating the competition and creating a lasting , money-making brand . When it 's done right it can destroy cut-price competition , but done badly it can drive a business to the brink of bankruptcy . Mark Ritson , associate professor at Melbourne Business School , has written an article for the October issue of Harvard Business Review discussing the benefits and pitfalls of launching a fighter brand . He says that over the next six months a number of new fighter brands are likely to appear in response to the recession . "  Fighter brands are very unusual but they are becoming increasingly common , " he told CNN . "  It 's high risk and high reward , and when it works it can have astonishing results . " Ritson gives the example of Intel , which launched its budget "  Celeron " chip in the late 1990s to in response to AMD 's low-priced chips , which were threatening Intel 's premium "  Pentium " brand . Read more business features With "  Celeron , " Intel came up with a budget alternative to "  Pentium " for the lower end of the market and cemented its position as market leader . But Intel 's success is the exception rather than the rule . "  The majority of fighter brands not only have n't worked , but have gone on to do significant damage to the companies that launched them , " said Ritson . General Motors '  GM  "  Saturn , " United Airlines ' "  Ted , " and Kodak 's "  Funtime " film range are all high-profile fighter brands that failed . Despite the appeal of taking on the competition in a fist fight , launching a successful fighter brand is easier said than done . "  The problem is that fighter brands are almost always a knee-jerk reaction to a problem and are not always well thought out , " Neil Saunders , consulting director with Verdict Research , told CNN . Ritson says one element in building a fighter brand is to avoid creating a low-price product that is so attractive that it steals customers who would otherwise be buying that company 's premium-brand product . On the other hand , if the fighter brand is too expensive or too low quality , it wo n't put up much of a fight against the opposition it 's designed to attack . Another complication is that even the biggest companies do n't have the money and managerial time to distract themselves with a new brand at a time when they should be concentrating on their core products , and then there is the difficulty in operating at an unfamiliar low price level . "  The airline industry is a prime example , where people have launched fighter brands to combat the budget airlines and have been notoriously unsuccessful , " said Saunders . "  If it 's not your business model it 's not easy to operate , and it 's not usually these airlines ' business model . " United 's "  Ted , " and Delta Air Lines "  Song " were launched to combat budget carriers , but they were n't up to the challenge . In fact , Ritson says those fighter brands contributed to United and Delta 's bankruptcy . But with its budget "  Jetstar " airline , Qantas managed to find the holy grail for fighter brands -- beating the competition and creating a lasting , money-making brand in its own right . So what was different about the Qantas model ? "  One thing was that Qantas took a long , hard look at the numbers and decided if they could be profitable , " said Ritson . "  One of the problems with fighter brands is that they are oriented towards destroying a competitor and because of that managers pay a lot less attention to the bottom line . " He gives the example of GM 's "  Saturn , " a car designed to take on fuel-efficient , affordable Japanese cars . "  Saturn " sold plenty of cars , at least at first , but its high operating costs meant it lost millions of dollars , playing a huge part in bankrupting GM . So given the huge risks involved , should companies even consider launching a fighter brand ? "  Only do it if you can win and it fits with your existing proposition , " says Saunders . Ritson cautions , "  The minute you add a new brand to your portfolio it 's hundreds of thousands of hours of management time , and millions of dollars in development , advertising and distraction . "  Ask the question , ` do I need a fighter brand or is this a real seismic change in the market , which means I need to change my existing strategy with existing brands ? ' Otherwise you will lose five years and $ 50 million . "	Fighter brands are designed to fight back against low-priced competition Done wrong , fighter brands can drive a company to the brink of bankruptcy GM 's "  Saturn " is a fighter brand that failed , while Intel 's "  Celeron " succeeded New fighter brands are likely to be launched in response to the recession
CNN  -- Evander Holyfield has faced many difficult opponents in the ring -- but nothing quite like this . The former heavyweight world champion has teamed up with colorful Canadian businessman and philanthropist Yank Barry to help Syrian refugees in Bulgaria . Barry , once the lead singer of The Kingsmen , shot to fame briefly in 1963 with the single "  Louie Louie . " He went on to become a music producer before turning his focus to international aid and diplomacy . The U.N. estimates about 5,000 Syrians have asked for asylum in Bulgaria . About 1,200 mostly Syrians live cramped inside containers and tents at the Harmanli camp near Bulgaria 's border with Turkey . On a foggy Sunday morning , I accompanied the pair on a drive from the capital , Sofia , to the camp , about 170 miles away . As soon as we arrived , Holyfield and Barry were surrounded by hundreds of refugees angry at camp conditions in Bulgaria . The pair planned to deliver food aid and to help resettle some families in a home supplied by Barry 's charity , Global Village . One refugee woman asked : "  Why do n't you do more to help us ? " Barry replied : "  Since last year I 've delivered 5,000 tons of food to camps . I 'm a private individual . We now have a hotel and we are bringing families . " The woman persisted : "  What about the rest of us ? " Syrian refugees in Lebanon face polio threat Holyfield and Barry 's recent aid mission was not supposed to be like this . In midst of the chaos , Barry said to Holyfield : "  We ca n't blame them for being angry . But they have to understand . We are a private foundation . " The refugees questioned why more was not being done to help them . Visibly annoyed , Barry said : "  Wait a minute ! Time out ! We got here 15 minutes ago . Now have a little bit of patience before I lose my patience . And we take our food and do n't take anybody ! " That did not appease the refugees . Instead , they held up their thumbs , chanting "  fingerprint " -- their way of demanding to be documented as refugees and then released from the camp . "  I would n't refuse food if I was hungry . If they ca n't handle it , let 's go , " Barry said as he got back into the car . They managed to sneak two families out and meet them at a nearby gas station . Barry offered to place them in a converted hotel with other Syrian refugees for up to a year . But Barry has more ambitious plans . He told us he would be meeting President Bashar al-Assad within a few weeks . "  We know he 's killed some of his own people . But then so did Mubarak . So did Gaddafi . So did Saddam , " Barry explained . When asked why he would have more success than others in reaching out to Assad , Barry said : "  I know he loves Louie Louie . It 's my song . I sang it and I 'll sing it to him . I 'm going with Evander and possibly Mike , Mike Tyson . He , Assad , is a big boxing fan . And we 're not politically involved . " It 's dark by the time we reach our next destination -- the hotel that Barry is using to rehouse refugees . There is already one family inside . Syrian refugees face miserable winter in Lebanon When the new arrivals walk through , tears start to flow as Mohammed recognizes his brother , Noor . He has n't seen him in nearly a year . "  Hey Noor , you know this man ? It 's your brother ! " Barry says enthusiastically . "  Your heart skips a beat and I was crying probably as much as he was , " he tells me . "  I saw Evander had a tear in his eye . " When I ask Holyfield why this mission is important to him , he says : "  Because at some point in time , when you leave this earth , they wo n't be asking about how many championships I won . They 'll say : ` What did you do for the least of them ? ' I can say I was in Bulgaria , I was in Russia , I was in the Philippines . " Barry says he is already looking for another hotel to house more refugees . But with so many needing help , they may not be able to reach as many as they hope . More than 100 people try slip into Bulgaria every day , border police say , most say they are the fleeing the fighting in Syria . They pay smugglers as much as $ 1,500 to guide them in . "  The amount refugees pay varies according to the number of people trying to cross the border . If the group travels only to Bulgaria , the price they pay to traffickers is much lower . If Bulgaria is only a transit point , however , the price can go much higher , " George Kalaydjiev , Director of the board in Svilengrad city explains . Bulgaria is one of the poorest countries in Europe . And this , Bulgarian officials say , is the best they can do . The UNHCR says it is trying to get more help for Bulgaria from the European Union . The U.N. says more than 62,000 Syrians have applied for refugee status across the EU . "  But we can not forget these people have suffered enormously . It 's unacceptable that they go on suffering once they reach the EU , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees AntÃ ³ nio Guterres said recently during a trip to a refugee camp in Sofia . Bulgaria is now building a wall along the most thickly-forested section of Bulgaria 's border with Turkey , in an attempt to keep people out . But Syria 's refugees are desperate . And with or without a wall , Bulgaria remains the doorway to Europe . Syria 's refugee children : Alone , ` in crisis , ' UN report says	Holyfield teams up with Canadian philanthropist Yank Barry to help Syrian refugees The pair visited a camp near Bulgaria 's border with Turkey to rehouse some families They met Syrian refugees demanding to know why more is n't being done to help Bulgaria is building a wall along part of the border with Turkey , to keep refugees out
CNN  -- "  I 'm not concerned about the very poor . " Oops . Mitt Romney messed up . Again . This was a bigger "  oops moment " for Romney than when he said a few weeks ago that the $ 374,327 he earned in speakers ' fees over the course of 12 months amounted to "  not very much . " It was bigger than "  I like being able to fire people . " It was the biggest since he blurted out that corporations are people , my friend " at the Iowa State Fair . Call it a Freudian slip , call it overconfidence emerging from a big win in the Florida Republican primary , call it a classic , out-of-touch-sounding "  Rich Romney " gaffe . It may be all of those things , but this comment represents a scripted piece of the Romney campaign strategy . He hopes to co-opt an Obama campaign message aimed at appealing to the middle-class voters each will need in the general election . Did his inept remark reflect a poor understanding of this position except as an election strategy ? One has reason to wonder . Whether it 's policies that affect poor Americans , women , immigrants or the nation 's ever-shrinking middle class , one gets the uneasy feeling that the positions Romney recites are crafted for political gain rather than from a sense of conviction about what is good or bad for this country . Why ? On abortion , for example , the former Massachusetts governor supported the right to choose and a greater role for government in helping spread access to health care -- which won him votes in that liberal state . But he shed those positions when they would prevent him from attracting conservative Republicans on a national stage . He has famously and repeatedly done similar turnabouts , most recently when he faced Florida 's Latino primary voters with a kinder , gentler version of his previously anti-immigrant rhetoric . Romney taking heat for "  poor " comments Of course , a conservative political candidate trying to both woo a big-government-averse base and appeal to general-election moderates would focus on the middle class . We may even understand when particularly cynical politicians tune their strategies toward higher-income Americans , who tend to vote in greater numbers than lower-income folks . But what is far more puzzling is the reason Romney gave CNN 's Soledad O'Brien for what sounded very much like callous disregard for the poorest Americans . "  I 'm not concerned about the very poor , " he said . "  We have a safety net there . If it needs a repair , I 'll fix it . " Actually , if you look at Romney 's policy agenda , you will see that "  fixing it " could not be further from his plan , unless it 's doublespeak for "  eviscerating it . " Romney calls for immediate across-the-board cuts in nonsecurity discretionary spending . That would mean slashing the budget for many of the programs that comprise our safety net , by 5 % , according to his spending proposal . These cuts would come on top of the 17 % cut already affected by this summer 's Budget Control Act . Romney : Middle-income Americans are focus , not very poor Further , according to analysis from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , his proposals to cap total spending at 20 % of gross domestic product , along with increasing already bloated military spending , cutting taxes and pursuing a balanced budget , would necessitate enormous cuts to vital programs . "  The cuts would measure 21 % in 2016 and 36 % in 2021 , " the center said . "  If policymakers exempted Social Security from the cuts and then cut all other nondefense programs by the same percentage , the cuts would rise to 30 % in 2016 and 54 % in 2021 . " Funding could all be gutted that helps low-income students afford college with Pell grants , enables low-income women and their children to eat a more nutritious diet , covers the cost of the highly successful Head Start early-education program and pays for job training , housing assistance and veterans ' health care . In short , Romney 's plan would incinerate the very safety net that he claims to be his excuse for expressing no interest in addressing the needs of the "  very poor . " Oh , and how poor are the poorest 5 % or 10 % of Americans he seemed to be referring to , exactly ? Even the census , which tracks household income for all Americans , does n't say with precision , although it does note that households with annual income of $ 15,000 or less made up 13.7 % of our population in 2010 . I do n't know about you , but I 'm concerned about them . If Romney 's lack of concern about the very poor came with a real plan indeed to fix a tattered safety net so that poverty rates could begin to decrease , he might be less vulnerable to the charge of being out of touch with voters . But as long as his gaffes and policy prescriptions continue to belie either a lack of understanding of the economic plight of Americans or a cynical political calculation that both ignores and will exacerbate that plight , Romney will go the way of his fellow "  oops " - prone 2012 presidential candidate . When he joins the ranks of the also-rans , do n't worry about him . Given that his net worth is somewhere between $ 85 million and $ 264 million , if anyone in America has a "  very ample " safety net to fall back on , it 's Mitt Romney . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Karen Dolan .	Karen Dolan : Mitt Romney 's remark that he 's "  not concerned about very poor " was telling She says it 's classic Romney : out-of-touch , scripted to pander to middle-class voters She says Romney 's plans show safety-net programs would be cut in his administration Dolan : Romney should be concerned about nearly 14 % of Americans in poverty
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- After dumping intense rain and bringing strong winds to Haiti and Cuba on Saturday , Tropical Storm Isaac picked up steam -- and promised to pick up strength -- as it spun toward Florida . The storm left at least two people dead in the impoverished Caribbean nation of Haiti , pounding camps where hundreds of thousands of people live in tents . As the Haitian government and outside agencies continued to assess the damage , the focus surrounding Isaac increasingly turned toward Florida , much like the storm itself . Isaac was roughly 65 miles northeast of Camaguey , Cuba , and 340 miles east-southeast of Key West by late Saturday , moving at about 17 mph , the National Hurricane Center said . The storm system is expected to gain strength and become a hurricane by early Monday as it moves past the Florida Keys and into the Gulf of Mexico . After barreling north -- affecting Florida 's western coast along the way -- the storm is expected to pack 100 mph sustained winds by the time it makes landfall sometime late Tuesday afternoon or early evening on the Florida Panhandle , likely near Panama City , according to forecasters . That progression prompted Republican Party officials in Tampa to effectively push back Monday 's scheduled start of the Republican National Convention one day , hoping the move will make it safer and easier for delegates to attend . Tropical storm conditions could first be felt there by late Sunday , and by late Monday afternoon and early evening , Isaac 's eye should be west of the coastal city . Florida 's governor , Rick Scott , insisted Saturday that his state will be ready for whatever happens . "  This is a state that has dealt with hurricanes forever , " he told reporters Saturday in Broward County . "  We are a state that we know we have to get prepared for hurricanes . " As preparations continue , authorities in Haiti spent Saturday assessing Isaac 's aftermath . The country is still recovering from a devastating earthquake that struck more than two years ago , and its challenges are compounded by the fact it is led by a relatively new government with limited resources . All that said , the top U.N. humanitarian official in the nation praised the initial response efforts . "  So far , I think we 're faring reasonably well in our response , " Kevin Kennedy told CNN on Saturday afternoon , referring to the efforts led by the Haitian government and assisted by U.N. agencies and non-governmental organizations . Haitian radio reported that the worst damage was in the country 's southeast . Heavy rain and strong winds persisting into the morning hours caused visible damage to trees and houses in the city of Jacmel , on Haiti 's southern coast , and knocked out power . As many as 1,500 of the city 's residents took refuge in a school serving as a shelter . Jacmel Mayor Hugues Paul confirmed at least one death on the outskirts of his city , voicing fears that more deaths will be reported . A 10-year-old girl also died when a wall fell on her house in Thomazeau , near Port-au-Prince , the country 's civil protection agency said . At the Mega IV camp , where 8,000 Haitians live in makeshift shelters , fallen trees and flooding damaged hundreds of tents . Almost no one had evacuated the camp before the storm , and authorities were searching the camp tent by tent looking for victims . At another camp , Canaan , half the tents were blown away , according to an official statement on the radio . Haiti 's national electricity supplier at one point said that 30 out of the country 's 32 electricity grids were down . Bernard Mevs Hospital was operating on generator power after losing electricity , just before midnight , said Scott Gillenwater of the Project Medishare , which provides services at the hospital . The nation 's main airport closed for a time , but had reopened by late Saturday afternoon , according to Rachel Brumbaugh , operations manager in Haiti for the Christian humanitarian organization World Vision . In Port-au-Prince , people were evacuated to areas behind the presidential palace and also to a stadium . The storm dumped up to a foot of rain around Hispaniola -- the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic -- with up to 20 inches in some locales . Kennedy pointed out the prospect of another humanitarian disaster would have been much worse right after the 2010 earthquake , when about 1.5 million people were living in about 1,500 makeshift camps . Today , he said that figure is closer to 400,000 . But Haiti may not be out of the woods yet , with the possibility of even more heavy rain causing a host of problems along the coast and in populated areas downhill from mountains . "  We could possibly get another 10 inches and , should that happen , we 'd be very concerned about flooding in the low-lying areas and those places adjacent to the sea , " Kennedy said . Water levels along the Grey River in Port-au-Prince are already "  at their breaking point , " and more rain could cause them to overflow their banks and flood surrounding areas , Brumbaugh said . In Jacmel , residents fear that large amounts of rainfall may cause mudslides , runoff and severe flooding as it did several years ago . "  I 'm very worried about the water coming off the mountains and that the city fills up like a sink , " said Paul , the city 's mayor . Isaac threatens destruction , cholera After hitting Haiti , Isaac skirted eastern and central Cuba . Cuban officials reported some storm surge and flooding from rain in the far eastern part of the country , and about 200 people were said to be in shelters in the town of Baracoa . But thus far no major damage or injuries were reported . Strong wind gusts were also felt in Havana . After passing Cuba and getting back out over open water , Isaac is forecast to gain strength over the next 48 hours , the hurricane center reported . The Florida Keys , Florida Bay and the state 's west coast , from Bonita Beach south to Ocean Reef , are under a hurricane warning . And a hurricane watch , first issued early Saturday , continued overnight for Florida 's east coast from Golden Beach south to Ocean Reef . A watch means hurricane conditions are possible , and a warning means that hurricane conditions are expected . A tropical storm warning , meanwhile , was in effect overnight Saturday for Cuba 's eastern provinces , most of the Bahamas , Turks and Caicos , the east coast of Florida from Sebastian Inlet south to Ocean Reef and the west coast of Florida from Tarpon Springs south to Bonita Springs -- an area that includes Tampa . "  It has been a fortunate seven years since Wilma hit Florida , " National Hurricane Center Director Rick Knabb said , referring to the last hurricane to make landfall in the state . "  The luck is going to run out at some point . " Scott declared a state of emergency for his state , which he said is "  standard protocol " to ensure a well-coordinated response with local , state and federal agencies . Big storms like these are nothing to Floridians , the governor pointed out , and people are already working to get ahead of this one . In Key West , the southernmost point in the United States and likely the first part of the Sunshine State to be hit by Isaac , Mayor Craig Cates told CNN on Saturday that "  we 're ready  and  we 're confident that it 's not going to be really bad . " Many storefront windows were boarded up , while hotels were largely vacant even though no orders or recommendations for evacuations had been issued . Some in Key West , though , suggested they were ready and eager to ride out the storm . "  We came down here to have a good time , we 're not going to let a hurricane get in the way , " Paul Cannella , a tourist from Chicago who is visiting the Keys . "  I am a big believer in lifetime experiences ,  and  I 've heard about hurricane parties , so we 're going to have some fun with it . " Opinion : Wyclef Jean : What about Haiti ? CNN 's Martin Savidge , Gary Tuchman , Jim Spellman , Greg Botelho , Brian Walker , Karen Smith and Danielle Dellorto and journalist Jean Junior Osman contributed to this report .	NEW : Moving northwest at 17 mph , the storm was 340 miles from Key West late Saturday The start of the Republican National Convention in Tampa is delayed until Tuesday U.N. and aid officials praise the Haiti government 's response to the storm Authorities report at least 2 dead in the impoverished nation due to Tropical Storm Isaac
CNN  -- Millions of people are suffering in the drought-ravaged Horn of Africa , but help is on the way thanks to relief groups from around the world . One of them , Mary 's Meals , is focused on the youngest victims of the crisis . Founded by Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow , a 2010 CNN Hero , the organization is providing food to 24,000 children a day in northern Kenya . MacFarlane-Barrow recently spoke to CNN 's Danielle Berger about his organization 's efforts . Danielle Berger : Your group was already working in the region before this crisis unfolded . How have you seen the situation evolve ? Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow : We 've been working in northern Kenya for about four years now . We 've been feeding several thousand children in nursery schools . Over the last two or three years , we 've seen the situation ... worsen steadily because of the lack of rains . It 's become harder and harder for parents there to feed their children . Most of their animals , which they depend completely on , have now died . We have a real crisis , a real situation of life and death facing those people and children . Because of that , we are trying desperately to expand our program to reach more children at risk , and we will do that as funds allow us to . We 've already grown the program to reach a further 6,000 children every day during this period . And we will stay committed to feeding those children as long as this current crisis remains . We are all hoping desperately the rains will come in October , but there is no guarantee of that . Berger : How has the drought impacted people there , beyond the need for food and water ? MacFarlane-Barrow : The plight of the people is just desperate . Some of the mothers of the children we fed in Turkana , recently ... crossed over the border into Ethiopia to barter the beautiful necklaces that they make . ... On their way back from doing that , having got food for their children , they were ambushed by a neighboring tribe with which they 'd been in conflict for many years . Around 40 or 50 women lost their lives . Berger : As someone who works every day to save impoverished children , how does a situation like this make you feel ? MacFarlane-Barrow : The pictures that we see on television of the suffering in the Horn of Africa , it just fills you with horror and shame really that that 's happening today : in our world of plenty , our children are still starving to death . And , I 'm sure like so many people , my desire is just to do something about that -- to do whatever we can do to save the lives of those children . And , at the same time , to build something better and help those communities escape from reliance on aid and escape from these situations in the future . Berger : What changes have you seen for Mary 's Meals since you were recognized at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " last year ? MacFarlane-Barrow : Many new people have made contact with us from all over the world , wanting to be part of Mary 's Meals , wanting to help us provide daily meals for children in schools . That 's resulted in lots more support and ultimately allowed us to feed many more of the world 's hungriest children . I think at the time of the show last year , we were feeding around 460,000 every day . That figure now has risen to around 560,000 ...  in  places like Malawi and Liberia and Haiti . We are now providing meals in West Africa also . The whole focus and mission of Mary 's Meals is about meeting the immediate needs of the hungry child by providing them a meal in a place of education -- so that we draw them into our schools or nurseries in the belief that education can be their ladder out of poverty . On average , we can feed a child for an entire school year for $ 15 . In  Malawi and Liberia  , we are rolling out a program in primary schools to reach hundreds of thousands more children . And it 's wonderful to watch in both those countries how many children are coming to school for the first time because of those daily meals . To donate to Mary 's Meals , visit its website at www.marysmealsusa.org . To read the original story about MacFarlane-Barrow , visit his archive page at CNNHeroes.com .	Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow , a 2010 CNN Hero , is helping to save lives in the Horn of Africa His nonprofit , Mary 's Meals , is providing food for 24,000 children a day MacFarlane-Barrow : "  We have a real crisis , a real situation of life and death "
CNN  -- Gary Vincent Giordano , who last year was held in Aruba for nearly four months as authorities investigated the disappearance of a woman traveling with him , has been charged with indecent exposure along with a woman after police found them unclothed in the back of a Cadillac Escalade , police in Maryland said Tuesday . Carol Ann Bock , 45 , of Springfield , Tennessee , was also charged with indecent exposure after police saw her left breast exposed in plain sight while she was lying in the rear cargo area of the black 2005 Escalade sport utility vehicle with Giordano , of Gaithersburg , Maryland , according to an Annapolis Police Department report . The SUV was parked on the second level of the Noah Hillman parking garage in the Annapolis historic district , and police received a report of possible sexual activity inside a vehicle at the garage , the report said . The incident occurred late Friday afternoon , police said . "  While we recognize that Mr. Giordano enjoys an infamous reputation , the Annapolis arrest was simply a matter of effective police work in response to citizen complaints , " Annapolis Chief Michael Pristoop said . "  Officers took quick and appropriate action under the circumstances . Indecent exposure and other offensive conduct are intolerable . " Two passers-by complained to a garage employee about the SUV , and when the employee located the vehicle , he observed a woman and man cuddled together , with the man not wearing any clothes , the report said . Police found the couple partially covered by a blanket and lying on a single mattress in the back of the SUV , and one officer shined his light into the vehicle to gain the couple 's attention , the report said . Bock "  pulled the sheet up to her neck , " and Giordano adjusted a towel over his midsection , but the other officer eventually "  could see that Mr. Giordano was completely nude , " the report said . "  Ms. Bock was instructed to put her clothing on and exit the vehicle , " the report said . In Aruba last year , Giordano had been held in the disappearance of 35-year-old Robyn Gardner of Maryland . Giordano told authorities the two were snorkeling on August 2 when he signaled to Gardner to swim back . When he reached the beach , he told police , Gardner was nowhere to be found and has not been seen since . Aruban prosecutor Taco Stein said last year that he was aware Giordano was going to return home after being freed . "  If we need him again , we will seek extradition with the United States , " he said . Giordano took out a $ 1.5 million life insurance policy on Gardner days before they traveled to Aruba . On ABC 's "  Good Morning America " last year , he said he purchased travel cancellation insurance on a website and also purchased medical , dental and accident insurance on both him and Gardner . Because both people were listed on the cancellation policy , the site automatically assigned Gardner the other insurance , he said . "  You ca n't unselect anybody . " He said he routinely purchases such insurance when traveling . "  I have children , " he said . "  I have a house ... I maxed out on everything ... I was selecting it for me and she got the same thing . " Giordano acknowledged he inquired about the policy two days after Gardner disappeared but said he was told by his then-attorney Michael Lopez to do so . Lopez told him that he could be billed for helicopters and scuba divers used to search for Gardner , he said . He told "  Good Morning America " that a travel handbook issued by the Dutch government advises travelers , in the case of a missing person , to call authorities and then call their insurance company . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Gary Vincent Giordano , 51 , and a woman are charged with indecent exposure in Maryland Police charge the couple after receiving a call about possible sexual activity in an SUV Giordano "  completely nude " in SUV parked in Annapolis garage , police said Giordano was held last year in Aruba in the disappearance of a woman traveling with him
CNN  -- At least 115 people have died after a tropical storm battered Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador over the weekend , officials in those countries reported . Guatemala was hit hardest , with at least 92 deaths , 54 people missing and 59 injured , emergency officials said . Nearly 112,000 people have been evacuated and more than 29,000 are living in temporary shelters , Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said in an address to the nation late Sunday . The devastation has been widespread throughout Guatemala with mudslides destroying homes and buildings and burying some victims . At least nine rivers have dramatically higher levels and 13 bridges have collapsed , the nation 's emergency services said . In the northern part of Guatemala City , the downpour created a giant sinkhole that swallowed up a space larger than the area of a street intersection . Residents told CNN that a three-story building and a house fell into the hole . A local newspaper reported that a private security guard was killed when the sinkhole opened up , but authorities had not confirmed the fatality . Residents said that a poor sewage drainage system underground was to blame for the sinkhole . A similar hole opened up nearby last year , they said . Classes have been canceled this week throughout the nation . In Honduras , where 14 people have died , President Porfirio Lobo declared a state of emergency Sunday . Nearly 3,500 people have been evacuated from their homes and nearly 3,300 are living in shelters , the Honduran emergency agency said Monday . More than 140 homes have been destroyed and another 700 have been damaged , the Permanent Commission for Emergencies reported . The situation in El Salvador , where nine people died , was improving Monday , officials said . The rain stopped Sunday afternoon and river levels were beginning to diminish , officials said . Classes nationwide remained canceled , however , until further notice . More rain was possibly forecast for Monday , though , and Salvadoran officials said they were closely monitoring the situation . Agatha was demoted from a tropical storm to a tropical depression Saturday night and lost its status as a depression Sunday evening . It was the first named storm for the Pacific hurricane season . The Atlantic hurricane season starts Tuesday .	At least 115 dead in three Central American nations Guatemala hit hardest with at least 83 dead First named storm of the Pacific hurricane season Atlantic hurricane season starts Tuesday
CNN  -- Over this past weekend , Hezbollah , the militant Shiite group that is headquartered in Lebanon , reportedly used drones to bomb a building used by the al Qaeda affiliated Nusra Front , along Lebanon 's border with Syria . The armed drones , combined with fire from Hezbollah ground troops , killed 23 Nusra Front militants and wounded some 10 others , according to a report by an Iranian news agency . Iran is the key sponsor for Hezbollah and has plausibly claimed for the past several years to have succeeded in manufacturing armed drones . Hezbollah 's use of drones marks a milestone for terrorist groups worldwide : It would be the first time a group other than a nation state used armed drones successfully to carry out an attack , marking an important step towards closing the gap between the technological capabilities of countries such as the United States and militant groups such as Hezbollah . After all , it was only in the months immediately after 9/11 that the United States mastered the technology of arming drones and began to use them in combat . Now , 13 years later a militant organization appears to have reached the same milestone . Previously , drones were known to have been used by militant groups only for surveillance purposes . Last month , ISIS uploaded a video to YouTube that showed aerial views of Syrian Army Military Base 93 in Raqqa province in northern Syria that had purportedly been shot by a drone . Libyan opposition fighters targeting Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi used sophisticated drones for surveillance in the summer of 2011 . Hezbollah had used drones for surveillance before , but the drones were used on Lebanon 's border with Israel . In April , the Israeli military said it had shot down a drone off the coast of Haifa and that Hezbollah operated it . Although Hezbollah denied responsibility for that drone , it did claim that it had operated another drone that flew 35 miles into Israel in October . If Hezbollah does indeed have armed drones , it joins an elite group of nations : Only the United States , United Kingdom , and Israel and are known to have deployed armed drones in combat . According to a count by New America , some 80 countries have some kind of drone capability -- but few of them have succeeded in arming their drones . Russia , China , and Iran possess armed drones but have yet to use them in combat . Hezbollah 's use of drones to target another militant group shows how warfare is changing : The monopoly of states on the use of military force is eroding , and new technology is leveling the playing field between states and militant groups . So what can the United States and other nations do to protect themselves from this dawning threat ? It 's a subject , of course , of great interest in Israel where accounts of Hezbollah 's drone strike on the Nusra target over the weekend were all over Israeli media during the past 24 hours . Most armed drones are relatively easy to shoot down if you have a sophisticated air defenses or a fleet of jet fighter aircraft . Western countries generally have these , but one can imagine a dystopian future where terrorist groups are able to deploy armed drones against less well defended targets . Indeed , that future may have already arrived .	Iranian news agency reports Hezbollah used an armed drone Bergen : If confirmed , it represents a milestone that raises serious concerns Militant groups are gaining access to tools that once were only available to states , he says
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Two Nigerian labor groups suspended their nationwide strike Monday over the elimination of the country 's fuel subsidy and urged demonstrators to go home "  in order to save lives and in the interest of national survival . The Nigeria Labour Congress and the Trade Union Congress cited successes gained by demonstrators , including an announcement Monday by President Goodluck Jonathan slashing fuel prices , in its announcement suspending the strikes . "  In the past eight days through strikes , mass rallies , shutdown , debates and street protests , Nigerians demonstrated clearly that they can not be taken for granted and that sovereignty belongs to them , " NLC President Abdulwahed Omar and Peter Esele , president of the Trade Union Congress , said in the statement . But a third organization , the Joint Action Front , issued a statement deploring the suspension and urging continued strikes and protests until the government agrees to restore gas prices to what they were before the government ended the subsidy . "  Nigerians should not be discouraged by the abrupt and unwarranted suspension of strike by its Labour partner ; neither should the militarization of the protest centers deter Nigerians in their resolve to rid the polity of this class of looters and profiteers that are responsible for mass poverty , unemployment , social insecurity and untold hardships of the majority of Nigerians , " JAF Secretary Abiodun Aremu said in the statement . In an earlier statement on the group 's blog , Aremu said the group and a related organization , the Labor and Civil Society Coalition , had decided Sunday that they would continue their strikes and mass protests after talks with the government failed . "  However early this morning , our joint leadership advised Nigerians to continue the strike but  said they  should stay at home in view of the resolve by the Federal Government to unleash violence on Nigerians who want to exercise their right to protest and procession , " Aremu said in the statement . The Joint Action Front is part of the National Labour Congress and has organized many of the protests and rallies against the government 's decision to end the fuel subsidy . On Monday , the government deployed troops in Lagos , and military forces set up armed checkpoints at most key bridges and along major roads . Eyewitnesses told CNN that police and the army were not allowing protesters into demonstration zones , but there were no confirmed reports of violence . Scattered demonstrations began in Nigeria after Jonathan announced on January 1 that the government would end the popular fuel subsidy , which was widely seen by citizens as one of the few perks of living in the oil-rich but largely impoverished nation of more than 160 million people . The government has said the removal of subsidies would free up billions of dollars to boost the economy and improve the country 's infrastructure . The removal caused the price of fuel and other goods to spike and became a rallying point for Nigerians angry over corruption and the alleged misuse of oil revenues in a country where most citizens battle grinding poverty . Fuel that had cost about 65 nairas  40 cents  before the subsidy was lifted rose to 141 nairas  86 cents  . On Monday , after more than a week of protests , Jonathan announced in a speech that the government would reduce fuel prices to 97 nairas  60 cents  per liter . He cited "  the hardships being suffered by Nigerians . " Aremu rejected the Nigerian government 's concession and said his group would only accept a return to prices before the government cut the fuel subsidy . "  The people have every right to tell the presidency and this class of looters and profiteers that Nigeria belongs to Nigerians , " Aremu said . It was unclear Monday whether the Nigeria Labour Congress or the Trade Union Congress would accept the fuel-price cut and call for a permanent end to the strikes and protests . Last week , a major oil union , Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria , had threatened to halt production in solidarity with protesters if the two sides did n't reach an agreement . A move to halt production would reverberate on the global market . Nigeria is the world 's eighth-largest crude exporter . Charlie Robertson , a chief economist at the global investment firm Renaissance Capital , said earlier this month that a subsidy removal could help Nigeria in the future . "  If they 're prepared to try this petroleum subsidy removal then perhaps they can push through electricity reform , too . If they do that , Nigeria 's growth can be , instead of 7 % -8 % a year , 10 % or 11 % , " Robertson said . But there is a widespread lack of trust in the government to provide the infrastructure ; Nigeria is regularly ranked among the most corrupt countries in the world . Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala said Nigerians should not let the past determine the future . She said the goal now is to regain the citizens ' trust and move forward . "  They can not say because of mistakes in the past the country should not move forward , " she said . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report	NEW : Nigerian Joint Action Front calls for continued strikes over fuel subsidy The Nigeria Labor Congress suspends strikes and protests , citing progress President Goodluck Jonathan announced a reduction in fuel prices on Monday Nigeria has been wracked by protests for more than a week over the end of a fuel subsidy
London  CNN  -- A newly-discovered work by Spanish "  Old Master " Diego Velazquez has sold at auction for $ 4.7 million , after it was spotted in a group of paintings by a largely-forgotten British artist . "  Portrait of a Gentleman " was originally thought to be by 19th century British artist Matthew Shepperson -- but the change of attribution meant it sold for 10,000 times its original estimate . The work came to light when a descendant of Shepperson put a number of his paintings up for sale in August 2010 . As such , it would have been expected to sell for between $ 320 and $ 480 . Instead -- following more than a year of tests , X-rays and research -- it was confirmed as a Velazquez , and so became the highlight of Wednesday 's old masters sale at Bonhams in London . Previously unknown Velazquez discovered Diego Rodriguez de Silva y Velazquez  1599 - 1660  was the leading artist in the court of King Philip IV of Spain , and is best known for his portraits of the royal family , including his masterpiece , Las Meninas . The identity of the "  Gentleman " in the portrait is not known , but it is thought he may be Juan Mateos , the king 's master of the hunt . Andrew Mckenzie , the company 's director of old master paintings said the portrait was of "  outstanding quality " and had "  extraordinary presence . " A spokeswoman for the auction house said that following a lot of interest , the Velazquez work was eventually bought by an American dealer . She said the company was "  very pleased " with the sale , which also saw the world record for a work by Dutch artist Adriaen Coorte smashed when his "  Three peaches on a stone ledge with a Painted Lady butterfly " went under the hammer for $ 3.3 million .	Previously unknown work by Diego Velazquez sells at auction in London for $ 4.7 m Painting was previously thought to have been by British artist Matthew Shepperson Portrait was among a series of paintings put up for sale by Shepperson 's descendants Change of attribution meant it sold for 10,000 times its original estimate
CNN  -- The 15-year-old who sneaked onto a flight from California to Hawaii has been facing difficult times at school , a man identified as his father said in a published report . The boy , originally from Somalia , "  did not receive education when he was in Africa , " the man told the Voice of America 's Somali service . "  Since we came here , he had learning challenges at school . He was not good at math and science , and I think he had a lot of education problems bothering him . " The boy 's story has stunned people around the world because he somehow managed to survive the flight to Maui hidden in a wheel well of a Boeing 767 . "  When I watched the analysis about the extraordinary and dangerous trip of my son on local TVs and that Allah had saved him , I thanked God and I was very happy , " his father said , according to VOA . He described his son as a "  really cool boy , " a "  very quiet person , always busy with watching the TV and using computer . " "  He was always talking about going back to Africa , where his grandparents still live , " the man said . "  We want to go back , but due to the current living conditions , we ca n't go back . " The teen -- who has not been publicly identified -- has told investigators that he was trying to get to Somalia to see his mother , and had no clue which plane went where , a law enforcement official told CNN . He is said to have hopped a fence at San Jose International Airport shortly after 1 a.m. on Sunday , the dark of night cloaking his intentions . He stayed on the grounds for six hours without getting caught , a government official said . The boy told authorities that he crawled into the wheel well and lost consciousness when the plane took off . He survived the nearly five-hour flight in subzero temperatures at oxygen-depleted heights as high as 38,000 feet , authorities believe . Discovered after he apparently regained consciousness in Hawaii , the boy has been recovering at a hospital , according to a state health official . He is in the custody of Hawaii Child Welfare Services workers , said Kayla Rosenfeld , spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Human Services . "  He was really soft-spoken and appeared to be tired . His answers were a little slow initially coming out , " Maui District Airport Manager Marvin Moniz told CNN affiliate KGO . "  We did get him some food prior to the paramedics getting here . We asked if he was hungry . He indicated yes , he was . We got him some teriyaki meatballs and rice and a package of cookies and a bottle of water , " Moniz said . Once he 's ready to go home to California , he 'll have access to counselors and psychologists , Santa Clara High School Principal Gregory Shelby told KGO . The teen , who recently transferred to Santa Clara High , is now the talk of the school . Emanuael Golla , a senior , said the boy was extremely shy . He told CNN that he had just arrived within the past few weeks . Expert highlights potential security weak points at airport Teen stowaway raises questions about airport security 5 stowaway attempts that did n't end tragically Opinion : Stowaway teen got ride of his life CNN 's Dana Ford , Mayra Cuevas and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	The boy has struggled in school , a man identified as his father says Allah saved my son , the man tells tells Voice of America The stowaway was trying to get to his mother in Somalia , a source seays He traveled from California to Hawaii in plane 's landing gear hold
CNN  -- Tiger Woods suffered a fresh injury setback Sunday after he was forced to pull out of the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational in Akron , Ohio , midway through the final round . Woods appeared to jar his back playing an awkward shot out of the bunker on the second hole . Evidently in some pain , Woods ' round deteriorated as he found both a pond and the trees before eventually deciding he could n't continue six holes later . By then he was four shots over par for the tournament . He was later seen struggling to get his shoes off , calling into question whether he will be fit for next week 's PGA Championship and the up and coming Ryder Cup . "  I just jarred it , and it 's been spasming ever since , " he told the PGA 's official website . "  It 's just the whole lower back . " Woods had only just recently returned to competitive action after taking three months out to have microdiscetomy surgery . The WGC-Bridgestone Invitational was his third tournament since the procedure , which was needed after Woods had struggled with the pain for close to two years . "  I do n't know , " Woods replied when asked whether he would be fit for the PGA Championship . "  Just trying to get out of here . "	Tiger Woods retires during final round of WGC-Bridgestone Invitational Jarred his back shooting out of the bunker on the second hole Woods only recently returned from back surgery three months ago He 's now a doubt for the PGA Championship and Ryder Cup
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Police on Wednesday arrested dozens of protesters threatening to shut down a portion of Interstate 70 near Ferguson , Missouri . Some demonstrators threw rocks at police during the emotionally charged protest , aimed at persuading Gov. Jay Nixon to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate last month 's shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown . CNN witnessed about two dozen people being taken into custody after refusing to leave the street . A crowd of protesters started gathering Wednesday afternoon on entrance and exit ramps to the interstate , stopping traffic on a nearby road but not the interstate itself . New Michael Brown shooting witnesses describe scene As of 7 p.m. , state troopers had arrested 35 people . Most of them face unlawful assembly charges , Missouri Highway Patrol Sgt. Al Nothum said . Four are charged with assault on a law enforcement officer . Police say bricks , stones , rocks , glass bottles and water bottles were thrown at officers . One protest organizer told CNN the objects were thrown by "  professional agitators , " not protesters . Local authorities ordered protesters not to disrupt interstate traffic and stopped protesters from blocking the highway . "  Attempting to block an interstate highway is unsafe and unacceptable . ... People trying to shut down I-70 would not only create a very serious hazard for themselves , but also for motorists simply trying to get home from school or work , " Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said before the protest , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . Demonstrators who were n't detained headed to downtown Ferguson to protest outside the police headquarters there . A grand jury is hearing the Brown case and will determine whether Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson will face any charges . The protest comes amid a busy week in the Brown case . What to know as grand jury takes the case On Tuesday night , the Ferguson City Council met for the first time since the shooting , and on the agenda was the creation of a citizen review board to work with the Police Department . The meeting quickly turned rowdy , though , with some in attendance chanting Brown 's name and shouting at council members , according to various media reports . "  You have the Michael Brown movement in your face because of your ongoing neglect , " one woman told the council . Added another , "  We 're not going to let you go back to business as usual . " The ordinance to create the citizen review board was read Tuesday , but it requires a second reading before the council can vote on it , Mayor James Knowles told the crowd , according to CNN affiliate KPLR . Also Tuesday , Circuit Court Judge Ellen Levy Siwak denied a request from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that Brown 's juvenile records be released , the paper reported . The paper sought the release of the records because there is heavy public interest in Brown 's history . Though the records were n't released , a juvenile court lawyer said Brown had no serious felony convictions as a juvenile , and he was facing no charges at the time of his death . Earlier Tuesday , Brown 's family members appeared alongside members of the NAACP and the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network , demanding that Wilson be arrested for Brown 's death . "  Darren Wilson should be arrested , booked , fingerprinted and photographed , " Brown family attorney Anthony Gray said during the Tuesday news conference . Opinion : Justice Department jeopardizes Ferguson case Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests CNN 's Ted Rowlands reported from Ferguson . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Teri Genova , Bill Kirkos and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Police arrest 35 people protesting near Interstate 70 NEW : Bricks , stones , rocks and bottles are thrown , police say NEW : Protesters moved to downtown Ferguson Protest comes after contentious City Council meeting , Ferguson 's first since shooting
Forget about 20/20 . "  Perfect " vision could be redefined by gadgets that give you the eyes of a cyborg . The surface of the eye can be used to measure much of the same data you would get from blood tests . The tech industry calls the digital enrichment of the physical world "  augmented reality . " Such technology is already appearing in smartphones and toys , and enthusiasts dream of a pair of glasses we could don to enhance our everyday perception . But why stop there ? Scientists , eye surgeons , professors and students at the University of Washington have been developing a contact lens containing one built-in LED , powered wirelessly with radio frequency waves . Eventually , more advanced versions of the lens could be used to provide a wealth of information , such as virtual captions scrolling beneath every person or object you see . Significantly , it could also be used to monitor your own vital signs , such as body temperature and blood glucose level . Why a contact lens ? The surface of the eye contains enough data about the body to perform personal health monitoring , according to Babak Parvis , a University of Washington professor of bionanotechnology , who is working on the project . "  The eye is our little door into the body , " Parvis told Wired.com . With gadgets becoming increasingly mobile and powerful , the technology industry is seeing a steady stream of applications devoted to health . A few examples include a cellphone microscope used to diagnose malaria , surgeons honing their skills with the Nintendo Wiimote , and an iPhone app made for diabetes patients to track their glucose levels . A contact lens with augmented-reality powers would take personal health monitoring several steps further , Parvis said , because the surface of the eye can be used to measure much of the data you would read from your blood tests , including cholesterol , sodium , potassium and glucose levels . And that 's just the beginning . Because this sort of real-time health monitoring has been impossible in the past , there 's likely more about the human eye we have n't yet discovered , Parvis said . And beyond personal health monitoring , this finger-tip sized gadget could one day create a new interface for gaming , social networking and , well , interacting with reality in general . Parvis and his colleagues have been working on their multipurpose lens since 2004 . They integrated miniature antennas , control circuits , an LED and radio chips into the lens using optoelectronic components they built from scratch . They hope these components will eventually include hundreds of LEDs to display images in front of the eye . Think words , charts and even photographs . Sounds neat , does n't it ? But the group faces a number of challenges before achieving true augmented eye vision . First and foremost , safety is a prime concern with a device that comes in contact with the eye . To ensure the lens is safe to wear , the group has been testing prototypes on live rabbits , who have successfully worn the lenses for 20 minutes at a time with no adverse effects . However , the lens must undergo much more testing before gaining approval from the Food and Drug Administration . A fundamental challenge this contact lens will face is the task of tracking the human eye , said Blair MacIntyre , an associate professor and director of the augmented environments lab at Georgia Tech College of Computing . MacIntyre is not involved in the contact lens product , but he helped develop an augmented-reality zombie shooter game . "  These developments are obviously very far from being usable , but very exciting , " MacIntyre said . "  Using them for AR will be very hard . You need to know exactly where the user is looking if you want to render graphics that line up with the world , especially when their eyes saccade  jump around  , which our eyes do at a very high rate . " Given that obstacle , we 're more likely to see wearable augmented-reality eyeware in the form of glasses before a contact lens , MacIntyre said . With glasses , we 'll only need to track where the glasses are and where the eyes are relative to them as opposed to where the eyes are actually looking . And with a contact lens , it will be difficult to cram heavy computational power into such a small device , even with today 's state-of-the-art technologies , Parvis admits . There are many advanced sensors that would amplify the lens ' abilities , but the difficulty lies in integrating them , which is why Parvis and his colleagues have had to engineer their own components . And when the contact lens evolves from personal health monitoring into more processor-intense augmented-reality applications , it 's more likely it will have to draw its powers from a companion device such as a smartphone , he said . Layar , an Amsterdam-based startup focusing on augmented reality , shares University of Washington 's vision of an augmented-reality contact lens . However , Raimo van der Klein , CEO of Layar , said such a device 's vision would be limited if it did not work with an open platform supporting every type of data available via the web , such as mapping information , restaurant reviews or even Twitter feeds . Hence , his company has taken a first step by releasing an augmented-reality browser for Google Android smartphones , for which software developers can provide "  layers " of data for various web services . Van der Klein believes a consumer-oriented , multipurpose lens is just one example of where augmented-reality technology will take form in the near future . He said to expect these applications to move beyond augmenting vision and expand to other parts of the body . "  Imagine audio cues through an earpiece or sneakers vibrating wherever your friends are , " van der Klein said . "  We need to keep an open eye for future possibilities , and I think a contact lens is just part of it . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Scientists developing contact lens with built-in LED , powered by radio waves More advanced lens could provide scrolling captions beneath what you see Surface of the eye contains enough data to perform personal health monitoring Lens must undergo more testing before gaining approval from FDA
CNN  -- The blog "  Stuff White People Like " is wildly popular with fans who 've embraced the hilarious , satirical sendup of the white middle class that -- according to the list -- have an ongoing love affair with things such as coffee  No. 1  , organic food  No. 6  , yoga  15  and the Toyota Prius  60  . Blogger-turned-author Christian Lander is the force behind "  Stuff White People Like . " The site also has spurred an outpouring from those who view it as offensive and racist . Now devotees and detractors alike have more to discuss with the release of the book "  Stuff White People Like : A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions " by the blog 's creator , Christian Lander . Filled with photos and some content from the blog , the guide includes new entries exclusive to the book . Lander also worked with a designer to create things such as flow charts on "  How to Name a White Child " and "  White Career Trajectories " as well as a test of the reader 's "  whiteness . " As befitting the genius behind such a site and book , Lander is a bit of a ham  actually , make that Canadian bacon since he hails from Toronto , Ontario  . Watch Lander talk about what he likes " The origins of "  Stuff " date from January 2008 , he said , because of an instant messenger conversation between him and his friend Miles about the HBO drama "  The Wire . " Miles , who is Filipino , tossed off that he did n't trust any white person who did n't watch the series . That exchange started a back-and-forth between the two about what white people were doing instead of watching the show . "  We said , ` Oh , they are going to plays , they 're doing yoga , they 're getting divorced , ' " recalled Lander , who could n't pass up the gold mine of ideas and started blogging . "  The goal was to literally make Miles and a few of my friends laugh , and it just took off . " Within six weeks , Random House came calling , and a book deal was finalized . CNN talked to the blogger-turned-author about his "  whiteness , " whether he is like Stephen Colbert but instead mocks earnest , left-wing types , and why "  Stuff White People Like " will never make the list of "  Stuff White People Like . " CNN : Where do you get your ideas ? Christian Lander : Farmers ' markets . CNN : How do you get your ideas at farmers ' markets ? Lander : Keeping my eyes open . I just see what people are up to . And the mirror is another good place to look for inspiration . I really make fun of myself . CNN : So what makes you an authority on white people ? Lander : Look at me -LSB- laughing -RSB- . I mean , I have liberal arts degrees ; I look like this . I 'm on the inside . CNN : Do you ever worry about offending people ? Lander : No . I 'm glad when I offend people with this because it 's not offensive . What 's been great about it is the title draws people in , and right away they are like , "  What is this ? Am I going to get offended by this ? " Then they read it , and it 's not what they expect . People see the title and they expect "  Stuff White People Like " to be entries like mayonnaise , or dancing poorly , these old stereotypes that are really outdated and are n't even funny anymore . You 're sort of expecting it to be the lame white guy stuff and you go , "  Oh my God , this is all the stuff I actually like . " It 's playing off white stereotypes , but it 's not stereotypes in a demeaning way . CNN : If those are old stereotypes , could your stuff be considered "  new stereotypes " ? Lander : No , because they 're true -LSB- laughing -RSB- . I consider these valid observations . It 's an update on this idea of a yuppie . In the '80s , the idea of the yuppie was really about just consumerism : I have an expensive BMW , I have these things , and it 's buying , buying , buying . I think that that attitude is still there , but the materials changed into where it 's "  My carbon footprint 's lower , my music taste is better , I visited more countries than you . " The quest for status is still there . CNN : What are some of the entries that elicited the most negative responses and really pushed people 's buttons ? Lander : One was written by Miles . Now Miles is Asian , and I ca n't stress that enough . He wrote post No. 11 , which is "  White People Like Asian Girls . " That has been by far the most commented on . The other ones have all been pretty level in terms of drawing responses from people . CNN : What are some of the things that have been rejected from the list ? Lander : People send in stuff all the time , and one of the things is that people just do n't get what I am going for here . They send in -LSB- suggestions such as -RSB- guns , NASCAR , trailer parks -- these old stereotypes that are not what I 'm after . The one I reject a lot is people say , "  Well , you know what , ` Stuff White People Like ' should be on the list of ` Stuff White People Like . ' " I 'm just like , "  All right , postmodern hero , you 're not the first person to send this in . I 'm not putting it on the list . " CNN : Entry No. 92 is book deals , so we are assuming you like that one . What are some other things on the list you like ? Lander : There are things that I like that I am ashamed that I like . My favorite entry , which I wrote and where I attack myself the most , is "  Knowing What 's Best for Poor People . " That was one that definitely applies to me , and I sort of recognize the ego that 's behind that one and how ridiculous that one is . CNN : What 's some stuff white people do n't like ? Lander : Other white people . That 's it . The wrong kind of white people . CNN : Who are the wrong kind of white people ? Lander : Anyone you blame for everything that 's wrong in America are the wrong kind of white people . Not only do they hate them because they create all of these problems , but if those kinds of people start liking anything on this list , they immediately become unacceptable . CNN : Stephen Colbert made the list , and he 's renowned for making fun of the right wing . Do you consider yourself a type of Stephen Colbert for the lefties ? Lander : I do n't know because Stephen Colbert , in his heart of hearts , is a lefty and so am I. I consider myself a self-aware , left-wing person who 's not afraid to recognize the selfishness and contradictions that come on the left . I think a lot of people who are on that side really fail to do that a lot of the time . I think the people I write about here are very , very self-righteous and believe that everything they do is right , and they are very resistant to cast a critical eye to themselves . It was really fun for me to write in a cathartic way , sort of like I am attacking my own pretentiousness and my own ridiculousness . It 's just amazing because these people are so self-aware but so unaware at the same time .	Popular "  Stuff White People Like " blog now a book Blog and book have its fans and detractors Author says , "  It 's playing off stereotypes "
CNN  -- South Africa inflicted the first home series defeat on Australia in almost 16 years as they wrapped up a nine-wicket win over the world 's number one ranked Test nation in Melbourne on Tuesday . South African captain Graeme Smith led from the front with 75 as his team wrapped up victory . Captain Graeme Smith hit a fluent 75 as his side successfully passed a modest victory target of 183 on the final day at the MCG to take an unassailable 2-0 lead . It was the South African 's first-ever Test series triumph in Australia and victory in the third and final match in Sydney will see them leapfrog the home side at the top of the global rankings . Hashim Amla  30 not out  scored the winning runs shortly after lunch as South Africa became the first team to overcome Australia at home since the West Indies in 1992-93 . South Africa were never under any pressure in their run chase and did not lose a wicket until just before lunch when the inspirational Smith was trapped leg before wicket by Nathan Hauritz . Smith had dominated a 121-run opening stand with Neil McKenzie , hitting 10 boundaries . McKenzie struggled to a half century and survived strong lbw shouts from Brett Lee , who was bowling despite an injured foot that will keep him out of the Sydney Test . South Africa 's victory was set up by a brilliant maiden Test century from JP Duminy , who shared a stunning 180-run ninth wicket partnership with pace bowler Dale Steyn . It gave the tourists a priceless 65-run lead on first innings before man of the match Steyn worked his magic with the ball as Australia were bowled out on the fourth day for 247 in their second innings . The pugnacious Smith was virtually lost for words in his victory speech . "  It has been such a special moment for all of us , it has been an incredible team effort , " he said . "  I have been smiling non-stop since we hit the winning runs . "  To be 2-0 up after this game was something we only dreamt of . " South Africa won the first Test in Perth from an unlikely position , chasing 414 for victory for the loss of only four wickets .	South Africa beat Australia by nine wickets in second Test in Melbourne Victory gives the South Africans an unassailable 2-0 lead in their series South Africa won first Test of the series in Perth by six wickets
CNN  The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday , a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories . The formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague , in the Netherlands , where the court is based . The Palestinians signed the ICC 's founding Rome Statute in January , when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed "  in the occupied Palestinian territory , including East Jerusalem , since June 13 , 2014 . " Later that month , the ICC opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories , paving the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis . As members of the court , Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well . Israel and the United States , neither of which is an ICC member , opposed the Palestinians ' efforts to join the body . But Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki , speaking at Wednesday 's ceremony , said it was a move toward greater justice . "  As Palestine formally becomes a State Party to the Rome Statute today , the world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice , " he said , according to an ICC news release . "  Indeed , today brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace . " Judge Kuniko Ozaki , a vice president of the ICC , said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians . "  As the Rome Statute today enters into force for the State of Palestine , Palestine acquires all the rights as well as responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Statute . These are substantive commitments , which can not be taken lightly , " she said . Rights group Human Rights Watch welcomed the development . "  Governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the ICC should immediately end their pressure , and countries that support universal acceptance of the court 's treaty should speak out to welcome its membership , " said Balkees Jarrah , international justice counsel for the group . "  What 's objectionable is the attempts to undermine international justice , not Palestine 's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members . " In January , when the preliminary ICC examination was opened , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described it as an outrage , saying the court was overstepping its boundaries . The United States also said it "  strongly " disagreed with the court 's decision . "  As we have said repeatedly , we do not believe that Palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the ICC , " the State Department said in a statement . It urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations . "  We will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the ICC as counterproductive to the cause of peace , " it said . But the ICC begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as "  Palestine . " While a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation , it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides . Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would "  conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality . " The war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead . The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June . The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . CNN 's Vasco Cotovio , Kareem Khadder and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June Israel and the United States opposed the move , which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis
CNN  -- Hamdeen Sabahy , a leftist dark-horse candidate for Egypt 's presidency , is a passionate proponent for the teeming nation 's poor and an ideological devotee of the late firebrand nationalist leader Gamal Abdel Nasser . "  I am the president of the poor , " Sabahy told Reuters . "  I want to bring justice to those who were wrong for so long . " "  My campaign is for all Egyptians and especially a campaign for the poor and the alleviation of the struggle between classes , ' he said , according to the MidEast News Source . "  As a new president for a new Egypt , my first decision will be a quick rise in salaries for most of the working citizens , either in the public or private sectors , and also aid for poor people the very first moment I am in the  presidential  palace . " Egyptians head to the polls beginning Wednesday for historic elections -- the first democratic vote since President Hosni Mubarak was forced from power early last year . The charismatic candidate has unique popularity . He 's neither an Islamist nor a status-quo candidate . And , he 's the most viable candidate for idealists , liberals and revolutionaries who turned out in Tahrir Square to protest the rule and help bring about the end of Mubarak 's rule . Sabahy identifies greatly with the revered Nasser , an Arab world hero whose nationalist and populist rhetoric reverberated on the impoverished streets of Cairo and other towns in the 1950s and 1960s . Nasser led the 1952 overthrow of the Egyptian monarchy , touted and implemented socialist reforms , supported pan-Arab nationalism , and led a losing fight against Israel in the Six Day War . Sabahy was born in the small town of Baltim and lived in a working-class environment there . He first got involved in politics during his student days at Cairo University , where he expressed full-throated displeasure with Anwar Sadat , Nasser 's successor . He also opposed Mubarak , who became president after Sadat was assassinated . Over the years , he has been imprisoned for his activities . A longtime veteran Nasserist politician and a former member of the Egyptian parliament 's lower house , Sabahy is now leader and founder of the Dignity Party . His stirring message of economic justice , accompanied on the campaign trail by Nasserite nationalist tunes , has been well-received by citizens across society -- organized labor , youth and rights groups , academics and public figures . One prominent supporter is noted writer Alaa El-Aswany . Another is the mother of Khalid Said -- the man beaten to death by police in Alexandria two years ago . That fatality has since become a lightning rod for human rights activists . His campaign style is described in a McClatchy newspaper report as "  a mesmerizing force , pressing hands with Egyptians who are so accustomed to neglect from the political elites that they follow him in crowds , through trash-strewn alleyways , slack-jawed as he asks about the price of tomatoes . " "  He is our protector , " said Mohamed Mowafi , a Baltim electric company worker . "  We trust Sabahy ... he 's always among us and serving us . Even when he was a member of parliament , he remained here with us . " Sabahy has been critical of Egypt 's relationship with Israel , even though he said he 's not going to take on the Camp David peace treaty between the countries . McClatchy quoted Sabahy as saying he would stop "  pampering Israel " and that he 's supportive of funding Palestinian "  resistance " groups "  Everything besides the peace treaty is subject to change . Israel will not enjoy the exceptional privileges it was granted before , " Sabahy told McClatchy . "  I am not Hosni Mubarak , who paid the price of pleasing Washington through Tel Aviv . " The Middle East Media Research Institute -- which monitors , translates , and studies Arab , Iranian and Turkish media , schoolbooks , and religious sermons -- translated a 2005 TV interview with him espousing violence against the United States in Iraq . "  When a weapon is pointed at the Americans , it is good , " he said . "  Any kidnapping or slaughtering of an American in Iraq is good . " He called al Qaeda in Iraq , the militant group that conducted attacks against U.S. troops and Iraqi forces , a "  resistance " group and a "  positive phenomenon . " Speaking in the interview on Dream 2 TV , Sabahy said , "  one must salute this organization  al Qaeda  when it kills any American soldier -- soldier , not a civilian . " In the present day , he has opposed an amnesty deal for military rulers if they face charges after they leave power . "  I have no option but putting anyone who participated in the killings and attacks on protesters to fair trial , even if those are members of the ruling military council , " Sabahy told McClatchy . "  That 's what I call the ` fair exit ' for the military rulers , not the ` safe exit ' as some other candidates may have proposed . " Sabahy 's backers say their man has touched a chord with the masses and hope he gains momentum at the polls . Aswat Masriya , a news outlet , quotes Amr Helmy , former minister of health , as saying "  Sabahy has been a true revolutionary since his college years , he also has a detailed program that has room for all types of Egyptians . " Abdel Haleem Kandil , a prominent columnist , said he decided to cast a ballot for Sabahy after hearing him talk "  about peasants and workers with details that shows he has a direct relation with them , something that no other candidate has . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	Sabahy is a longtime champion of Gamal Abdel Nasser The candidate is said to have a "  mesmerizing " persona Sabahy said he 'd stop "  pampering Israel "
CNN  It 's not up there with Iwo Jima . Okinawa . Hiroshima . It does n't come to mind as quickly as the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II draws near . September 2 , 1945 . The day the Japanese formally surrendered in ceremonies aboard the USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay . Many who will mark the various dates preceding that Sunday are old enough to remember the actual events ; others will simply pay homage to those who did their part to bring about the Japanese surrender . The date to mark here : January 30 , 1945 . "  The Great Raid . " A raid led by U. S. Army Rangers to rescue American prisoners of war in the Cabanatuan prison camp in the Philippines before the advance of Gen. Douglas MacArthur 's forces caused the Japanese to move them to Japan or , more probably , kill them . After MacArthur 's landing October 20 , 1944 , the Japanese high command sent out instructions on the circumstances under which POWs could be killed to keep them from being liberated . At one camp they were burned alive . World War II magazine 's "  American Prisoners of War : Massacre at Palawan , " said , "  Japanese soldiers ... doused the wooden shelters with buckets of gasoline , and set them afire with flaming torches , followed by hand grenades . ... As men engulfed in flames broke out of their fiery deathtraps , the Japanese guards machine gunned , bayoneted and clubbed them to death . " Only 11 of the 150 survived . The Sixth Army , fearing for POWs in other camps , decided to launch rescue efforts . The first was the raid on the Cabanatuan prison camp . A group of more than 100 Army Rangers , Alamo Scouts and Filipino guerrillas traveled 30 miles behind Japanese lines to reach the camp . Along the route , other guerrillas in the villages muzzled dogs and put chickens in cages lest they alert the Japanese . The 30-minute raid liberated 513 POWs . Some of them weighed so little the Rangers could carry two men on their backs . At a rendezvous point , trucks and 26 carabao carts -- local wooden carts -- waited to carry them to safety . Villagers along the way contributed more carts because the Americans had little or no clothing and shoes , and it became increasingly difficult for them to walk . By the time they reached American lines , 106 carts were being used . News of the rescue was released February 2 in the Philippines  because of the international date line  , February 1 in the United States . I remember the day vividly . I was halfway around the world . In Chicago . An 18-year-old copy girl at the Chicago Daily News . In my sixth week that Thursday morning when I arrived for work . I was told not to go to my usual spot at the city desk . Instead , Jack Gullickson , the director of copy kids , led me to a square of four dark green metal desks like the others in the city room . The only items on the huge square surface : a stack of copy paper about an inch thick , a pair of scissors , a glue pot and a streamer of Associated Press wire-service copy with the names of the prisoners of war who had been rescued . In the interest of speed , no attempt was made to put the names in alphabetical order . That , as Gullickson explained , was where I came in . I was to alphabetize them . Another copy kid would pick up the latest list for each edition . I 'd been there long enough to know the edition deadlines and set to work . When cut apart , the names were quarter-inch wide strips of paper . Names and hometowns spelled out in the distinctive , typewriter-like letters of the AP Teletype machines . I laid them out , with space for new names , and as the 10:30 deadline approached , I reached for a sheet of copy paper , applied a wide strip of glue down the center and started sticking the strips down . As I worked , reporters nearby were leafing through their telephone directories in search of local families , to let them know their son or brother or husband was among the rescued . I noticed City Editor Clem Lane , during a break , stroll over to the reporters ' desks . The reporter nearest me , beckoned him with a nod and , placing his hand over the telephone mouthpiece , said , "  His mother wants to know how he is . Is he OK ? All right ? " The slow , solemn shake of Lane 's head told me ... and the reporter , who removed his hand from the telephone mouthpiece and said , "  We do n't have much information on that yet , Ma'am . But he 's been rescued . That 's for certain . He 's one of those who were brought out , brought back to Allied lines . He 's in good hands , now . " A final , upbeat note . "  And I 'm sure you 'll be hearing from him soon . " It was a little thing , and you can say it was basic kindness . But I remember it , along with the narrow strips of paper on the runway-like strip of glue . And how , because I did n't trim the streamers of AP copy , the paper ends curled up on either side of the names . The slow , solemn shake of Lane 's head told me it was bad . An AP story told me how bad . "  SIXTH RANGER BATTALION CAMP , LUZON --  AP  -- There is a long , dusty , twisting land near here which should become a war monument , for today it bridged two worlds . It leads across the plain toward the death camp where 513 prisoners of war were rescued by American Rangers and Filipino guerrillas . " ... There were also those who limped from beri-beri , legs scored by tropical ulcers and other diseases , and of course , there were those who looked up helplessly from litters . They tried proudly to be soldiers , carrying themselves as erect as possible . "  Many saluted , promptly and stayed at attention when talking to officers . One man who did this crept into a truck and sank back exhausted a minute later . " And they talked . That was when the world began to learn about the horrors of the Bataan Death March -- when the men who had surrendered at Bataan were force marched to POW camps . To begin to comprehend , consider this account from Ken Burns ' PBS series "  The War " -- taken from the companion book by Geoffrey C. Ward and Ken Burns : "  Here and there along the road , water gushed from artesian wells . Some guards allowed men to pause long enough for a swallow or two . Others shot or clubbed or bayoneted those who tried . ... . For Glenn Frazier , as for most of those who somehow survived , the sights and stench and random cruelty all merged in memory , until it was hard to tell one day 's horrors from the next . " ' I saw men buried alive . When a guy was bayoneted or shot , laying in the road , and the convoys were coming along , I saw trucks that would just go out of their way to run over the guy in the middle of the road . And likewise the rest of the trucks , and by the time you have fifteen or twenty trucks run over you , you look like a mashed tomato . ... I saw Filipino and Americans beheaded just with one swipe of a saber . ' "  Hissing vultures too engorged to fly battled over the blackening corpses sprawled along both sides of the road . ... One officer thought it his duty to keep track of the number of cut-off heads he passed . He stopped counting at twenty-seven , afraid that further tallying would drive him mad . " That is what the 513 rescued men had endured ... and three years in a POW camp . The names on the narrow strips of AP copy , the two ends curling up . Men who were safe . Cared for . Cared about . Again . No wonder -- 70 years ago or not -- I remember "  The Great Raid . " And think everyone should . January 30 , 1945 .	It 's been 70 years since a daring raid freed more than 500 POWs in World War II Val Lauder : January 30 should be remembered for this moment in history
CNN  -- A New Orleans police officer was suspended Monday without pay after he posted remarks online about slain Florida teen Trayvon Martin . "  Act like a Thug Die like one ! " officer Jason Giroir wrote on the website of CNN affiliate WWL , under a news story on the case that has sparked national debate and concerns about racial profiling . Giroir admitted to the post , according to a statement from New Orleans police . "  The Internet comments written by Officer Giroir , which include the fact that he is member of the NOPD , have given me grave concern regarding his fitness for duty . Because of this , I have suspended Giroir without pay , effective immediately , " Superintendent Ronal Serpas said in the statement . Alleged shooter says youth punched him "  To say that I 'm angry is an understatement . I 'm furious , " he added . Serpas said Giroir embarrassed the department by his "  insensitive , harmful and offensive comments . " Trayvon Martin , 17 , was killed late last month as he walked back to his father 's fiancee 's house in Sanford , Florida , after a trip to a convenience store . Police say he was unarmed , carrying a bag of Skittles candy and an iced tea . He was shot by George Zimmerman , who said he was acting in self-defense , according to authorities .	"  Act like a Thug Die like one ! " writes Jason Giroir He is suspended without pay NOPD superintendent : "  To say that I 'm angry is an understatement "
CNN  -- Philip Chism , the Massachusetts teenager accused of raping and killing his algebra teacher , became visibly upset when the teacher , Colleen Ritzer , spoke about the teen 's home state of Tennessee after class , according to a police affidavit unsealed Friday . A ninth grade student told investigators that she was in class with Chism and Ritzer after school on the day of the crime , the affidavit said . She said the teacher and Chism were talking about China but , at some point , Ritzer mentioned the student 's home state of Tennessee . Chism became "  visibly upset , " the student said . When Ritzer noticed that Chism was upset , she changed the subject , said the unidentified student , who described Chism as "  talking to himself . " The affidavit , in chilling detail , offers the first hint of a possible motive in last month 's gruesome killing of the popular high school teacher . Ritzer , 24 , was allegedly raped with an object and had her throat slashed . A handwritten note found next to her body said , "  I hate you all . " A Massachusetts grand jury on Thursday indicted Chism , 14 , on charges of murder , aggravated rape and armed robbery in connection with Ritzer 's slaying on October 22 , according to the Essex district attorney . Citing Massachusetts law , prosecutors said they would ask that Chism be tried in an adult court . "  The indictments ... detail horrific and unspeakable acts , " District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett said in a statement . Denise Regan , Chism 's public defender , declined to comment . The affidavit includes testimony from eyewitnesses as well as a school video surveillance timeline showing Chism and Ritzer in the same area of the school during the teacher 's final moments . In the video , Ritzer appears to enter a second-floor girls restroom -- apparently a faculty restroom was occupied -- and Chism , wearing gloves and red sweatshirt with the hood pulled over his head , appears to enter the restroom about a minute later , according to the affidavit . Shortly after , a female student enters the bathroom and quickly walks out , according to court papers . She told investigators she saw the back of a person who appeared to be changing clothes . The person 's rear was exposed , with clothes piled on the floor . The video shows Chism leaving the restroom , returning later with a recycling barrel , and again leaving the restroom pulling the barrel -- this time with a black mask on his forehead , the court papers say . He pulls the barrel outside the building and toward the student parking lot . Investigators said there are what appear to be blood stains near the bathroom as well as on Chism 's pants in the video . After Chism was reported missing by his mother on the evening of October 22 , police had his cellular phone company "  ping " the location of his phone . The phone was found to be in the vicinity of the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had purchased a movie ticket and then left . The affidavit said that when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife . A search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " He was also carrying credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of woman 's underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris in an apparent attempt to conceal it , the court papers said . Her throat was slit . The green recycling bin seen in the surveillance video was found 20 yards from the body . Clothing and other belongings were scattered near the body , along with blood soaked gloves Chism appeared to be wearing in the video . The handwritten "  I hate you all " note was folded near her body , according to the documents . Investigators used the affidavit to secure a warrant to search Chism 's home . Chism 's mother , Diana , told investigators that she recently moved to Massachusetts from Tennessee amid a "  stressful divorce " from the teen 's father . Documents filed in a Tennessee court 12 years ago shed light on a troubled relationship . The court papers showed that Chism 's father agreed during a separation from his mother to have restricted time with his son , who was then 2 , because of "  prior physical and emotional abuse as well as alcohol abuse . " Chism 's uncle , Terrence Chism Blaine , told CNN in the days after the crime that the boy 's parents are now separated and that the father -- a former military man -- now lives in Florida . The suspect 's mother , Diana Chism , last month released a statement through her son 's attorney saying her "  heart is broken for the Ritzer family and the loss of their daughter and sister Colleen Ritzer . " The armed robbery indictment alleges that Chism , armed with a box cutter , robbed Ritzer of credit cards , an iPhone and her underwear . On the aggravated rape and armed robbery indictments , Chism was charged as a youthful offender , but prosecutors said they will move to join those charges with the murder case in Superior Court . "  This is the first step in a long process to secure justice for Ms. Ritzer and her family , " Blodgett said . Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying Ritzer was known to her friends and family as a woman who inspired many -- whether in the classroom or online -- with her heart , intellect and positive spirit . "  She was happy , " said Jen Berger , Ritzer 's best friend . "  I do n't even know what the world is like without her . It 's a scary thought . " A 2011 graduate of Assumption College who was working toward a master 's degree at Salem State University , Ritzer seemed to always wear a wide smile and was approachable to students and colleagues alike , said Charlotte Dzerkacz , who became good friends with Ritzer in 2011 when they taught at the same middle school . Dressed in pink , hundreds mourn Colleen Ritzer , slain Massachusetts teacher "  She was energetic , she was compassionate , " Dzerkacz said . "  You could n't ask for anything more from a teacher or a friend . " The Ritzer family released a statement saying : "  We are devastated and heartbroken by the details of the horrific circumstances surrounding the death of our beautiful daughter and sister , Colleen . " A week after the slaying , about 400 Danvers High School students were among the estimated 1,000 people who gathered to pay final respects at the church where the family of popular math teacher worshiped .	Affidavit describes chilling note allegedly left by Massachusetts teen after killing teacher "  I hate you all , " said handwritten note found next to body of Colleen Ritzer Court papers say Philip Chism was upset after teacher spoke of his home state , Tennessee
Wageningen , The Netherlands  CNN  -- The dandelion 's bright yellow bloom and fuzzy , parachute-like seeds are a familiar sight across the continents . But scientists at Dutch biotech firm KeyGene believe the flower 's true beauty could lie beneath the soil . The dandelion 's roots contain latex , the milky liquid that is a source for natural rubber and the origin for the plant 's name in a number of languages  the Danish for "  dandelion " translates as "  milk pot "  . Global demand for natural rubber is expected to outstrip supply by 20 % by 2020 . But KeyGene believes that the dandelion can be developed into an important natural source of the commodity , worth more than $ 100 billion a year . The dandelion 's roots are smaller than ideal for commercial rubber production . So KeyGene is putting the plant through a process of plant phenotyping in order to develop a variety of dandelion with a fatter root and higher yield , that would be better suited for industrial processing . "  We are making ... crosses between the Russian dandelion and the common dandelion using those modern DNA profiling technologies , " says KeyGene CEO Arjen Van Tunen . "  We 're making and developing a better rubber dandelion , which produces more rubber because of an increased size . " Read also : The bionic hand with the human touch The company 's process , he said , involved analyzing different specimens of a given crop in its greenhouses , scanning them for mutations that delivered beneficial characteristics in terms of yield , quality , sustainability or tolerance to drought and disease . The genetic material of strains with desirable characteristics was then isolated and sequenced to create improved crops -- fungus-resistant wheat , high-yield rye , or heat-resistant cabbage -- that were "  better suited for the conditions " of the future , he said . With the global population tipped to hit nine billion by 2050 , he said , and a growing proportion switching to animal protein , agricultural production would need to be doubled to feed the planet . Creating improved crops -- such as those that could return higher yields on more marginal land -- was essential to achieving this , he said . Multinational tire manufacturer Apollo Vredestein also thinks dandelion rubber has potential , and is collaborating on the project with KeyGene . Peter Snel , Apollo Vredestein 's research and development director , said prototype tires had already been produced . Commercial dandelion tires were likely to be ready for production in as little as five to ten years , "  as soon as material is ready in volume to be put in to tires , " he said . Snel was confident that harvesting rubber from the tiny flowers would be economically viable . "  Raw materials are a big part in the cost price of tires , " he said . "  Investment in this will pay back . " Read also : Expert advice for inventors on how to get your product on the market Van Tunen said the KeyGene 's methods were a quicker and cheaper way of improving crops than genetic modification -- and differed from that process in one crucial aspect . "  We do n't introduce a gene from a different species into our crops . We always take advantage of DNA that is already in that species itself , " said Van Tunen . "  You might say we speed up the natural breeding system that is all ready there for hundreds of years ... We are taking advantage of the natural evolution process and speeding it up . " That was an important distinction for some of the company 's customers , as there remained "  a lot of resistance in Europe " to genetic modification , he said . "  Many of the growers in Europe want genetically improved crops , but not GM crops . So for them we can provide an alternative , " he said . "  We have developed a number of technologies which enable us to very quickly genetically improve crops in a very natural way without crossing the species barriers , but still achieving the yield improvements or the resistance improvements . "	A Dutch biotech company is developing dandelions for commercial rubber production The flowers roots contain latex , a potential source of natural rubber The company uses DNA profiling to identify beneficial mutations and "  improve " the crop It says its methods are different from GM as it does not introduce genes from other species
CNN  -- Israeli police on Friday dropped age restrictions at the Temple Mount , allowing Muslims of all ages to pray at the holy site . But police said they would keep their "  high alert status " at the Al-Aqsa mosque . The age restrictions were lifted after a Thursday night meeting in Amman , Jordan , between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Jordanian King Abdullah and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest site in Islam . Jews call it the Temple Mount , and Muslims know it as Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary . The Temple Mount has been a flashpoint for violence , and in recent weeks , entry has been limited to women and men above the age of 35 . Authorities feared that younger men and teens would cause disturbances . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Police lifted age restrictions for Friday prayers The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is the holiest site in Judaism Muslims know it as Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary
The cardinals who must pick a successor to Pope Benedict XVI after he steps down on February 28 could meet to make the decision sooner than thought , a Vatican spokesman said Saturday . The conclave , the meeting which will bring together the 117 cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church , could start before March 15 if all the cardinals are already in Rome , Father Federico Lombardi said . Lombardi had previously said the conclave was likely to start between March 15 and 19 . But he gave new details Saturday , saying that because the pope had resigned rather than the conclave being triggered by his death , there was scope for the time frame to be brought forward . The decision may not come until after Benedict 's departure and lies in the hands of the cardinals , he added . Opinion : Pope Benedict shows true leadership by resigning Benedict is the first pope to step down in nearly 600 years , throwing the Vatican into some confusion . Experts are working on points of the Apostolic Constitution that need to be clarified or interpreted , Lombardi said , and are expected to give pointers on the new protocol soon . Lombardi said he had met with the pope Saturday morning and found him "  calm and relaxed even in these so emotional days . " Benedict , 85 , shocked the world Monday when he announced his intention to stand down at the end of the month , citing the frailty of old age . Read more : Huge challenges await next pope While Benedict wo n't be directly involved in his successor 's selection , his influence will undoubtedly be felt . He appointed 67 of the 117 cardinals that are set to make the decision . More than two-thirds of the final number of cardinals must agree on the next pope . The announcement that a decision has been made will come in the form of a puff of white smoke emerging from a chimney in the Vatican . Benedict will hold a final audience in Vatican City 's St. Peter 's Square on February 27 , but the church is not planning a formal ceremony to mark the pope 's departure , Lombardi said . The pontiff , born Joseph Ratzinger , will first go by helicopter to the pope 's summer residence in Castel Gandolfo , Lombardi said . He could remain at Castel Gondolfo until the end of April or early May while the works to ready a new residence for him in a monastery within the Vatican are completed , Lombardi said . Once there , he will devote himself to a life of reflection and prayer . Lombardi told reporters that the pope 's decision should n't be seen only as negative , but rather as a lucid and responsible choice that he had taken for the good of the Church . Benedict wants the new pontiff to have the physical and moral vigor necessary to take on the necessary reforms of the Church , Lombardi said , adding that it will be up to the new pope and the cardinals to establish their priorities . Benedict 's decision to remain in Vatican City has a practical as well as a spiritual motivation , he said . His presence will enable him to support his successor and the rest of the clergy , Lombardi said , although he dismissed the idea that Benedict would interfere as the new pope takes charge . The last pope to step down before his death was Gregory XII , who in 1415 quit to end a civil war within the church in which more than one man claimed to be pope . When do you know it 's time to go ?	Benedict could stay in the summer papal residence till April or May , Vatican aide says Guidance on the protocol for what comes next should be issued soon , he says The cardinals could meet sooner than March 15 if they are all in Rome , Lombardi says Benedict XVI announced Monday that he will step down on February 28
In this creative age of camera phones and photo apps , what better way to learn about a city from afar than through the lenses of its eagle-eyed street photographers ? As part of CNN 's On the Road Poland special , we asked Instagramers Wroclaw  a collective of photography enthusiasts with a passion for documenting their city  to show us what life is like in their home town . The group , which has been together since April 2013 , meet regularly and aim to capture the best of Wroclaw , offering insights for those who may be seeking to visit or even just learn a little more about the picturesque city in Poland 's southwest . "  We want to show  Wroclaw  from a different perspective , " explained group member Marcin Walencik . "  We want to show the city as it is . Real , no fakes . " See also : Polish street art goes large From the enormous Sky Tower to the city 's enchanting central square , and from the famous "  Love Bridge " to the quirky gnome statuettes scattered playfully in squares and walkways around town , you can see the group 's stunning results in the gallery above  and on their Instagram feed  . Instagramers Wroclaw consists of Tomasz Jakub Sysło , Malina Mituniewicz , Marek Maziarz , Marcin Walencik , Grzegorz Rajter and Joanna Witek , said group member Marcin Walencik .	Instagramers Wroclaw are a collective of street photographers They document their city using traditional cameras and smartphones The results are a stunning selection of images that reveal a different side of the Polish
Turkey 's leader accused France of "  genocide " last century during the war in Algeria , a ratcheting up of rhetoric over controversial French legislation that would criminalize any public denial of what the bill calls the Armenian genocide last century in Ottoman Turkey . "  In Algeria , an estimated 15 percent of the population had been subjected to the massacre of French from 1945 on . This is genocide , " Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said during a conference in Istanbul on Friday . "  Algerians were burnt en masse in ovens . They were martyred mercilessly . If French President Mr.  Nicolas  Sarkozy does not know about this genocide , he should ask his father Paul Sarkozy . His father Paul Sarkozy served as a soldier in the French legion in Algeria in 1940s . " Once a French colony , guerrillas in the North African nation fought a bloody war against French rule from 1954 to 1962 . The French Foreign Ministry shot back , saying "  we deplore excessive use of formulas and personal attacks that do not meet up to the standards of our mutual interest and of our relations . France recalls that it assumes with clarity and transparency its duty to remember the tragedies that have marked its history . " At the same time , it cited Foreign Minister Alain Juppe 's call for "  measure and restraint , " which , he said , "  are more than ever necessary under the current circumstances . " Turkey is angered over the bill , passed by the French National Assembly on Thursday and now under review by the French Senate . Immediately after the vote , Erdogan announced that Turkey is reviewing its ties with France . He said Turkey is recalling its Paris ambassador to Ankara for consultations , is canceling bilateral visits , and wo n't cooperate with France in joint projects within the European Union . It is also halting "  political consultations " with France , stopping bilateral military activities and joint exercises , and canceling permission granted annually for all military overflights , landings and take-offs . Erdogan hopes the Senate fails to pass the so-called Armenian genocide bill but he warns that if it does , Turkey will initiate more measures toward France . The Turkish-Armenian controversy over the massacres of last century has reverberated wherever diaspora communities representing both groups exist . Armenian groups and many scholars argue that starting in 1915 , Turks committed genocide , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . The Republic of Armenia has hailed the French move . But modern-day Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , arguing instead that hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Muslim Turks died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. Sarkozy , speaking on TV from the Czech Republic capital of Prague , explained that his country does n't need an OK from another nation to develop its policies . He was attending the funeral of late Czech leader Vaclav Havel . "  In every circumstance we must remain cool headed and calm . France alone determines its politics . France does not ask for authorization . France has convictions : human rights , the respect for history . Every country must make the effort to revisit its past . France does not give lessons to anyone nor does it receive lessons from anyone , " Sarkozy said . Saying that five million Muslims in live in France , Erdogan noted the "  dangerous dimensions that racism , discrimination and animosity against Muslims reached in France and Europe . French President Sarkozy got the ambition to win the elections with animosity against Turks and Muslims and unfortunately he does n't refrain from playing such dangerous games . " Turkey and France are NATO allies , and , according to official Turkish statistics , the volume of trade between Turkey and France from January to the end of October this year was more than $ 13.5 billion . The genocide debate is an annual source of tension between Turkey and the United States , also two NATO allies . The White House , for example , annually beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution which would formally recognize the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide .	The Foreign Ministry slams ` personal attacks ' Turkey is incensed over the National Assembly bill Erdogan brings up French activity last century in Algeria
CNN  -- Samsung tablets have edged out iPads for the first time in JD Power 's biannual customer-satisfaction survey , although some observers say the results do n't quite add up . Samsung topped JD Power 's rankings with a score of 835 out of 1,000 , narrowly beating out Apple 's 833 . Amazon was third in customer satisfaction at 826 , followed by Asus and Acer . The rankings are based on the experiences of 3,375 tablet owners who responded between March and August of this year , and do n't include the new iPad Air and iPad Mini , which went on sale Friday . But some tech pundits questioned the market-research company 's scoring system . Survey respondents scored Apple 's iPad higher than Samsung 's tablets in four of five categories -- performance , ease of operation , styling/design , and features -- while Samsung scored higher in just one : cost . A Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 with an almost 8-inch screen , Wi-Fi-only connectivity and 16GB of storage sells for $ 299 , compared to $ 399 for a comparable iPad Mini . "  Reporters who got their hands on the attached chart were left scratching their heads , " wrote Philip Elmer DeWitt in Fortune . "  The only category that Samsung beat Apple in was  duh  cost . And cost , according to Power 's press release , counts for at most 16 % of the total score . " "  Did J.D. Power overreach in giving its top customer satisfaction nod to Samsung instead of Apple ? " wondered Don Reisinger of CNET . "  So who 's the real winner ? " JD Power did not immediately respond Friday to CNN 's request for comment . Apple in the past has trumpeted JD Power 's rankings as evidence of its products ' popularity with consumers . At the company 's Worldwide Developers Conference in June , Apple CEO Tim Cook bragged that iOS devices have won nine consecutive JD Power awards . JD Power 's survey notes that Samsung is the only manufacturer to improve across all five categories since its last survey in April . The survey found that before buying their tablet , 50 % of consumers rely on recommendations from friends , family members or colleagues , while 49 % gather information from the manufacturer 's website . Other factors that determine tablet-buying choices include brand reputation  42 %  and past experience with the brand  32 %  .	Samsung tablets edged out iPads in JD Power 's new customer-satisfaction survey Samsung topped the rankings with a score of 835 , narrowly beating out Apple 's 833 Some tech pundits questioned the market-research company 's scoring system Users scored the iPad higher than Samsung tablets in four of five categories
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani court Friday extended the custody of five Americans for an additional 10 days to allow time for police to complete investigations . The men , suspected of plotting terror attacks , were arrested in the small city of Sargodha earlier this month and transferred to Lahore , police said . Court officials extended the custody after a plea from the police , said Tahir Gujjar , a local police official . The five are identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam . A sixth man -- the father of one of the five -- also was arrested , police said . An order keeping the five in custody expired Friday . To keep them in jail after that , police had to get permission from a judge , said Usman Anwar , Sargodha police chief Anwar , who heads the Joint Investigation Team , said the group plans to recommend that the five be charged under the country 's anti-terrorism act . Conviction under that law can result in up to a life sentence . Pakistani authorities have described the men as college students who "  were of the opinion that a jihad must be waged against the infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world . " The suspects include two Pakistani-Americans , two Yemeni-Americans and an Egyptian-American . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Journalist Umar Aziz Khan contributed to this report .	Pakistan says the five Americans are college students who wanted to wage jihad They were arrested earlier this month in small Pakistani city of Sargodha The order keeping them in custody expired Friday ; now extended 10 more days Police asked for custody extension to have more time for investigation
Atlanta  CNN  -- The leader of one of the labs linked to an accidental anthrax exposure at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been reassigned , CDC spokesman Tom Skinner says . Skinner would not confirm the name of the person who was reassigned . Skinner said the agency is still investigating how as many as 86 Atlanta-based workers were possibly exposed to anthrax . The workers are being monitored and provided antibiotics . "  Based on most of the potential exposure scenarios , the risk of infection is very low , " the agency said in a statement last week . "  CDC believes that other CDC staff , family members , and the general public are not at risk of exposure and do not need to take any protective action . " Early reports showed that a lab did not adequately inactivate samples , which were then moved and used for experimentation in three laboratories not equipped to handle live Bacillus anthracis , or anthrax . Believing the samples were inactivated , workers in those labs did not don adequate protective equipment , the CDC said . The unintentional exposure was discovered June 13 . What to know about anthrax Sometime between then and June 6 , procedures in two of the three labs may have aerosolized the spores , the CDC said . Hallway and lab areas were decontaminated . There are three types of anthrax infection : cutaneous  through the skin  , inhalation  through the lungs  and gastrointestinal  through digestion  . Early symptoms can suggest the flu . "  In the worst-case scenarios , literally , within a day or two of exposure , if you 've inhaled spores and if they are very lethal , one begins to get -- as they say -- the standard flu symptoms -- high fever , malaise , " said Leonard Cole , a bioterrorism expert . "  You get lazy . You feel sick . You get headaches . You get bone aches . "  And then after a day or two , in the worst case , if you do n't get treatment , it could be lethal for you , and beyond treatment , " he said . The CDC said disciplinary action , as necessary , will be taken . The agency will also review safety protocol with employees . The FBI is aware of the incident and coordinating with officials at the CDC as they investigate , said FBI spokesman Christopher Allen . "  It is CDC 's obligation to ensure that people feel safe and are safe in the workplace and the community as we conduct our life-saving laboratory work . We will report findings of this investigation and all steps we take to improve lab-safety processes as a result of this incident , " the agency 's statement said . CNN 's Jake Tapper and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : Team leader at CDC lab reassigned during anthrax investigation As many as 86 Atlanta CDC workers may have been exposed to anthrax Workers are being monitored , and there is no risk to the public , CDC says
CNN  -- The end is closer than the beginning . Ron  Rupert Grint , left  , Harry  Daniel Radcliffe , second from right  and Hermione  Emma Watson  in the new film . Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts are now in their sixth year of seven at the school . They 've seen a lot of changes , particularly as the influence of the reawakened Voldemort  that is , He Who Must Not Be Named  has made itself known . And the movie series itself is now nearing its conclusion . "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " which comes out Wednesday , is likewise the sixth movie in the series based on J.K. Rowling 's seven Harry Potter books . There is one benefit to having such history , director David Yates says : Pretty much everybody going to see "  Half-Blood Prince " is familiar with the characters , whether through the books or the movies . "  We made a decision -- we kind of crossed a line , actually , I think , on this movie , where we said , ` You know , this is the sixth one in the series ; it 's the most popular franchise probably in history ; do we stop and explain things to the audience who may have not seen any of the others ? ' And we said ` no , ' " Yates said . "  And you know why ? It 's because they can always go back to DVDs . They can go back to the books . " Indeed , many fans know the books -- and the movies -- backward and forward . Interactive : Harry Potter 101 " The new film reflects the growth of the characters : Harry , the orphaned boy wizard who has been forced to take on responsibilities beyond his youthful years ; Ron Weasley  Rupert Grint  , his red-haired best friend , who is finding depths of courage in himself he was n't aware of ; Hermione Granger  Emma Watson  , the bookish and indispensible member of their clan , who has demonstrated key leadership qualities ; and all the rest , preparing for the showdown with the archvillain Voldemort . Watch the Potter cast answer your questions " Among the returning performers : Michael Gambon as Dumbledore , Alan Rickman as Snape , Maggie Smith as McGonagall , Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid and Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort . One addition is Jim Broadbent , who plays Horace Slughorn , a former professor brought back to Hogwarts . Watch the stars at the rainy premiere " Despite the growing darkness , there 's also a lightness to the new film , says Daniel Radcliffe , who plays Harry . Unlike the previous two movies in the series , which were rated PG-13 , this one is rated a more family-friendly PG . "  I think this film 's funnier , " Radcliffe said . "  There are a couple of moments which I laughed out loud at . " Not that it 's going to be a barrel of laughs , Yates cautions .  How could it , with the snake-faced Voldemort growing ever stronger ? "  It is a bit bipolar , " Yates said . "  On the one hand , there 's all this ... romance , and on the other hand , people are getting killed , and bridges are being blown up . " Oh , yes , there 's romance . After all , the main Potter characters are all teenagers now , with all the teenage longings . Potter fans have had their own longings . "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " was scheduled to be released in November but was pushed back to its Wednesday opening after Warner Bros. , Potter 's studio , expressed concerns about putting it out over the holiday season .  Warner Bros. , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . Warner Bros. said at the time that the film "  perfectly fills the gap for a major tent-pole release for mid-summer " and added that the delay was also due to "  repercussions " from the 2007-08 writers strike . But fans were n't so easily placated , filling message boards with angry comments and starting petitions that garnered tens of thousands of signatures . Warner Bros. . President Alan Horn was even moved to put out a statement assuring fans that the scheduling change "  was not taken lightly . " Now that the moment is finally at hand , the fans seem to have forgiven the studio . According to Fandango.com , a movie ticket-selling site , "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " is outselling "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen " at the same point in the sales cycle . It 's also in MovieTickets.com 's top 25 advance sellers of all time . Given that "  Transformers " is , by far , the year 's top-grossing film , those tidbits ca n't help but make the studio happy . iReport.com : Seeing the latest "  Potter ? " Share your review The last of Rowling 's Potter books , "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " is in production now as two films . That 's given the cast a bit of temporal whiplash when talking about "  Half-Blood Prince , " since they completed it more than a year ago , but they 've been game to talk . After all , they 've come a long way since "  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , " way back in 2001 . And they 're aware as anyone of the passage of time -- that they 're closer to the end than the beginning . It 's the kind of situation that leads to sentimental reflections . But Watson , for one , could n't wait to let go of one thing : her school uniform . "  I was like , ` Burn it ! ' " she told Entertainment Weekly . "  Oh , my God , to be done with those shoes and that uniform -- that was an exciting day . "	"  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " comes out Wednesday Film is sixth in the series , has moments of humor amid growing darkness Less back story for this one , director says : Fans can "  go back to DVDs " and books
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- More than 8 million American children live in food-insecure households , according to the USDA . That essentially means those kids might not know where their next meal will be coming from . They are at risk of hunger . Moving to Orlando 10 years ago from England and discovering these statistics about a country that is classified as a superpower was quite the shock . My husband , Justin , was born in South Africa , and we had made frequent trips there to visit family , to a country where poverty and hunger were well-documented . But this level of hunger in the United States of America ? How could that be ? Certainly not from lack of food , as in Africa . Perhaps just a shockingly bad distribution of food . And just as importantly , the wrong kind of food . But that 's a whole other minefield that is the fast food culture . My husband is a professional golfer on the European and PGA Tours and the reigning U.S. Open Champion . In his search for excellence , we had long understood that as an athlete , there is a direct correlation between the quality  and quantity  of what you put into your body and the quality of your energy , concentration and performance . But it was in 2009 when we had our first child , Leo , that the immediacy of the food-behaviour correlation , particularly in children , really jumped out at us . If snacks were super sugary or meals were skipped , there was an immediate impact upon our toddler 's behaviour . Getting the right balance of protein for growth , essential fats for brain development and balanced glucose levels for energy , mood and behavior -- well , it 's everything . We began to question how on earth children could possibly be expected to perform at school without having adequate nutrition . Before Justin and I could even start thinking about how to assist in the educating of our local underprivileged children , we first had to figure out how to make sure they had enough food . Thanks to the federally funded food program , many American children in need receive free breakfasts and lunches at school . But what happens to these same children on the weekends ? Through serving on the board of the PGA Tour Wives Association , an organization that has given back more than $ 5 million over the past 25 years , I have had the opportunity to work with numerous charities across the country while we traveled on the PGA Tour . One of those nonprofit organizations , Blessings in a Backpack , delivered a powerful and simple answer to our question . Blessings in a Backpack provides food for elementary school children across America who may otherwise have little or no food to eat on the weekends during the school year , for only $ 100 per child per year . The charity serves more than 63,000 children across America . Some 1,600 of those children are in our hometown of Orlando and are funded by money raised by our generous community at an event Justin and I host each year . We have had the opportunity to get to know some of these children and see their smiles light up their face when they receive their backpack of food each Friday , feel their arms hug us tight in gratitude and hear some of their personal stories . Like how the food in the backpack does n't only nourish them throughout the weekend , but some of it goes in the family soup to feed all their siblings as well . Or how they 're so glad they have more to eat on the weekends than the toothpaste they previously only had to eat . As a mother , how can that not break your heart ? As a father , how can that not inspire you to want to do more for these precious , innocent children ? So we were moved to set up the imaginatively titled Kate and Justin Rose Foundation . Our aim is to inspire children from the inside out through nutrition , education and experiences . Our organization has developed from feeding children in need from five schools on the weekends to creating vegetable gardens at school where they learn to grow fresh vegetables that they can then take home with them , to providing the children with a monthly allowance so they can choose their own books , to setting up field trips to broaden their horizons . It 's all we can manage to do at this moment in our lives ; a busy time of raising young children , supporting Justin while he tries to fulfill his potential and compete at the highest level and keeping our children connected with our own family spread across the continents . There 's so much more we want to do , but childhood hunger in the U.S. is a huge problem to tackle ! We are chipping away slowly at some issues we can see in our Florida backyard . Feeding , educating and nourishing one child at a time . And showing a child that someone out there cares . We can all do something . And a little something can make a big difference in the life of a child .	More than 8 million children in the U.S. are at risk of hunger Golf pro Justin Rose and his wife , Kate , teamed up with Blessings in a Backpack Charity provides food for elementary students to eat on weekends More than 63,000 kids in 583 schools across America are being fed
CNN  -- When talking about so-called family values , pastors , popes , and politicians routinely quote the Bible as if it were an unassailable divine authority -- after all , they assume , God wrote the Bible , and therefore it is absolutely and literally true . But that is a misconception . As the Bible itself makes clear , its authors were human beings , many of whom are named : David , Isaiah , Luke , and Paul . These human writers wrote over the course of more than a thousand years , and their writings reflect their own views and the values they shared with their contemporaries . So it 's not surprising that inconsistencies are frequent in the Bible , both trivial and profound . Although Jews and Christians , individually and collectively , have for the last 2,000 years accepted the Bible as authoritative in principle , in practice many of its values have been rejected . On issues such as slavery , no one today would maintain that slavery is acceptable , even though , according to the Bible , it was a divinely sanctioned institution . In the debates about slavery in the 19th century those opposed to its abolition cited the Bible in support of their position , but despite such biblical warrant , their views were renounced . According to biblical law , a father could sell his daughter as a slave , and the last of the Ten Commandments lists as off-limits a neighbor 's possessions -- his house , wife , slaves , and livestock . But the majority of modern Jews and Christians no longer accept the biblical view of women as men 's property and hence subordinate to them , as they have also abandoned the biblical practice of polygamy . In current debates about family values , most of which have to do with sex , opponents of abortion and advocates of a woman 's right to choose both cite the Bible in support of their conflicting views , even though the Bible in fact says nothing specifically about the issue . And with regard to same-sex marriage , although the few biblical writers who mention same-sex relationships , especially between men , were unequivocally opposed to them , many contemporary believers would argue that , as with slavery and the status of women , it is time to recognize that the values of the biblical writers are no longer necessarily our own . Opponents of same-sex marriage cite Leviticus , which says that when a man sleeps with a man as with a woman it is an abomination . They 're right : It does say that . But it later calls for the death penalty for such activity , which only the most rabid opponents would insist on . The Bible also calls eating pork and a woman wearing a man 's clothes abominations , yet many would no longer enforce such prohibitions . Individual biblical texts should not be appealed to selectively : Such cherry-picking is all too easy because of the nature of the Bible as a multi-authored book . Rather , as with another formative text , the Constitution , one needs first to understand it historically -- what did its words mean when they were written -- and then attempt to determine what its underlying values are , not just what it says in a specific passage . Only in this sense can the Bible be considered to have timeless relevance that transcends the historical particularities of its authors . What are those underlying values ? I would argue that they are rooted in love of neighbor , which Jewish and Christian commentators over the ages have identified as the essential and enduring message of the Bible . Here are three of them . The great Rabbi Hillel , who when asked what the basic principle of the Torah was , replied : "  What is hateful to you do not do to your neighbor : That is the whole Torah ; the rest is commentary . " His words are echoed both by his near-contemporary , another rabbi , Jesus of Nazareth , who put it this way : "  Whatever you wish people to do to you , so you should do to them : for this is the Law and the Prophets , " and by an early leader in the movement that Jesus started , the rabbinically trained Paul , who pronounced that "  Love is the fulfilling of the law . " So , I suggest , the essence of the Bible -- its ultimate authority -- is not in its individual pronouncements , but in its underlying message : equal , even loving , treatment of all persons , regardless of their age , gender , socio-economic status , ethnicity , or sexual orientation . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Coogan .	Michael Coogan : Bible seen as unassailable divine authority , but it was written by men , not God Written over course of 1,000 years , each writer reflecting values of his day , he writes Much in Bible rejected : Slavery , women as property , pork as abomination , Coogan says Coogan : Bible 's true timeless message is equal , even loving , treatment of all people
CNN  -- As they contemplate military action against Syria , one of many considerations members of Congress and Obama administration officials have to weigh is how a U.S. strike against the regime of Bashar al-Assad might effect the already complicated , even poisonous , state of Sunni-Shia relations in the region . Three of the leading Sunni states , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and the UAE , have already offered their military assets if a US strike happens . Last week , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said that the Shia government of Iran and close Syrian ally Russia would work in "  extensive cooperation " to protect Syria . An American-led war in Syria with the military backing of some powerful Sunni states against a de facto Shia alliance of Iran , Syria , Iraq and Lebanese Hezbollah would likely greatly exacerbate the already tense relations between Sunni and Shia across the region . In Syria , a popular uprising against a repressive ruler in 2011 has morphed into what is now a largely sectarian civil war pitting the country 's Sunni Muslim majority against al-Assad 's minority Alawite sect , which is associated with Shia Islam . The Syrian regime is propped up with weapons and funds from Iran 's Shia rulers and also benefits significantly from the support on the ground of battle-hardened fighters from Lebanese Hezbollah , an Iranian proxy . As a possible U.S. strike looms in Syria , what had hitherto been a shadowy proxy war , with Sunni countries such as Saudi Arabia quietly supporting the Syrian rebels and Iran supporting al-Assad , could now devolve into a full-blown war that is openly supported by the most powerful Sunni and Shia states . That is a real potential problem that needs to be weighed by Obama national security officials and representatives in Congress as they consider the options in Syria , because across the Muslim world from Lebanon to Pakistan , Sunnis and Shias are increasingly at each other 's throats . A further intensification of the already brutal Syrian civil war might further destabilize Syria 's fragile neighbors ; both Lebanon and Iraq could plunge back into civil wars . Already in July , the United Nations recorded the highest death toll in Iraq since 2008 , when the Iraq War was raging . In that month alone , more than 1,057 civilians and security personnel were killed . Many of those deaths were the result of bombings claimed by the Sunni terrorist group al-Qaeda in Iraq and were directed at Shia targets . A splinter organization of al-Qaeda in Iraq is now fighting in Syria and is regarded as the most effective force fighting Assad , who it deems a heretic . It 's a very old story . The two dominant sects of Islam , Sunni and Shia , first split over the issue of who was the rightful successor of the Prophet Muhammad following his death in 632 . The conflict between the two sects has waxed and waned over the many centuries since , but right now the Syrian conflict could exacerbate the regional split along sectarian lines that we have seen over the past few years . In 2011 the Sunni monarchy of the Gulf state of Bahrain backed by more than a thousand soldiers from Saudi Arabia put down with harsh tactics an uprising by its disadvantaged Shia majority population . The Bahrain government hinted that the uprising was an Iranian plot . The sectarian conflicts in Syria , Iraq and Bahrain have also spilled over into Lebanon and Egypt . On June 23 , in Lebanon 's port city of Sidon , soldiers clashed with supporters of a hardline Sunni cleric , Sheikh Ahmed al-Assir , who had spoken out vehemently against the Syrian regime as well as the Shia Lebanese militant group , Hezbollah . On the same day , four Egyptian Shia Muslims were stabbed , beaten , and dragged through the streets by members of a hardline Sunni group in the Giza neighborhood of Cairo . The intensifying sectarian tensions in Egypt were partially the fault of the recently-ousted Muslim Brotherhood government . A week before the Giza attack , for example , President Mohamed Morsi had appeared on stage with hardline clerics who called Shias "  filthy . " And in May , Salafist members of Egypt 's parliament denounced Shias as "  a danger to Egypt 's national security . " Beyond the Middle East , sectarian violence has also soared in South Asia over the past few years . More than 180 members of Pakistan 's minority Shi'a Hazara community were killed in two massive bombings in the first two months of 2013 alone . In neighboring Afghanistan , violent attacks on Shia Muslims are less frequent , but in December 2011 , two nearly simultaneous suicide bombs in Kabul and Mazar-i-Sharif killed more than 60 Shia civilians as they celebrated the annual religious festival of Ashura . We can expect sectarian tensions to continue boiling across the Muslim world , as the Syrian conflict grinds on and political and social unrest persist in many countries in the region . Al-Qaeda-affiliated groups will seek to exploit these sectarian divisions to garner support for their own violent agenda , and may well find greater room to operate because of it . Saudi Arabia and Qatar have mobilized their deep coffers to support extremist Sunni groups in the past , and will continue to do so as long as it means they are able to counterbalance Iran and its support for Shia regimes and militant groups . All of these factors must be weighed as the United States weighs military action . They are not an argument for doing nothing in the face of al-Assad 's large-scale use of chemical weapons but they are a reason to heed Machiavelli 's warning "  Wars begin when you will , but they do not end when you please . "	Peter Bergen : Complicating the Syria picture is regionwide sectarian strife He says the historic Sunni-Shia split is a key dynamic and U.S. strike could worsen conflict Iraq 's death toll from sectarian struggles has been increasing Bergen : Al Qaeda-affiliated groups will seek to take advantage
Depressed and tired of trying diet after diet , Andy Sorrells began a faith-based weight loss program . Andy Sorrells lost 280 pounds and went from wearing a size 64 to wearing a size 36 . He says he started without a specific goal weight and reduced his portion sizes to lose 280 pounds . Name : Andy Sorrells Age : 29 Hometown : Franklin , Tennessee Occupation : Loan Processor Height : 6 feet 3 inches Heaviest weight : 500 pounds Current weight : 220 pounds Pounds lost : 280 pounds Defining moment My wife , Maggie , had started the Weigh Down Workshop program . We were newlyweds and continued to gain weight . We had tried other diets but this one worked for us . How did you finally lose the weight ? Diet : Weigh Down Workshop , a spiritually based weight loss regimen . I just started without a real goal of losing a specific amount of weight and reduced my portion sizes . I spent so much of my life thinking about it and planning for it . Finally , I stopped focusing on food , stopped counting calories and eating low-fat foods . You just have to eat what your body craves and reduce portion sizes . Exercise : I did n't really exercise . I walked occasionally but I never followed a specific fitness regimen . How long did it take you to lose weight ? Just about 17 months from January 2003 to May 2004 . My wife had tried the Weigh Down Workshop and had success with it . I was trying diet foods and fat-free foods . But I knew there had to be a way someone could eat normal food and still lose weight . How has this changed your life ? When I was born I was close to 11 pounds and all of my life I 've dealt with weight issues . People always teased me about being overweight . Once I started this program , I realized that I had to stop being angry at the world and I needed to look internally . Once I started this program , it changed my outlook on my entire life . I realized that being happy is a choice . I can either be filled with hate and despair or I can be happy and help others .	Andy Sorrells wore a size 64 when he weighed more than 500 pounds He withdrew socially and battled depression by taking anti-depressants A faith-based weight loss program helped him lose 280 pounds
CNN  -- Authorities in some Afghan prisons are torturing detainees into confessions , using methods that meet the international definition of torture , according to a new U.N. report . The practices documented "  are among the most serious human rights violations under international law , are crimes under Afghan law and are strictly prohibited under both Afghan and international law , " the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan  UNAMA  says in the report . "  Detainees described experiencing torture in the form of suspension  being hung by the wrists from chains or other devices attached to the wall , ceiling , iron bars or other fixtures for lengthy periods  and beatings , especially with rubber hoses , electric cables or wires or wooden sticks and most frequently on the soles of the feet . Electric shock , twisting and wrenching of detainees ' genitals , stress positions including forced standing , removal of toenails and threatened sexual abuse were among other forms of torture that detainees reported . "  Routine blindfolding and hooding and denial of access to medical care in some facilities were also reported . UNAMA documented one death in government custody due to torture in April 2011 , the report says . The report contains quotes from various prisoners , not identified by name , describing their experiences in detail . The report comes from interviews with 379 pre-trial detainees and convicted prisoners at facilities operated by different branches of the Afghan government between October 2010 and August 2011 . The Afghanistan government responded that the report "  is to some extent not close to reality " and "  not entirely in compliance with the facts . " "  Torture methods such as electric shock , threat of rape , twisting of sexual organs etc. are methods that are absolutely non-existent in the NDS  National Directorate of Security  , " the government said . But the government added that the report may help draw attention to needed improvements . "  Despite their cruel and barbaric acts , " terrorists are being treated "  humanely and in accordance with the law , " the Afghan government said , in a response included in the UNAMA report . "  Beginning from their arrest and investigation to the final verdict of the court they are treated in accordance with the Islamic and humanitarian norms . " UNAMA said officials with Afghanistan 's National Directorate of Security "  systematically tortured detainees in a number of detention facilities across Afghanistan . Torture does not appear to have been practiced systematically in each NDS facility UNAMA observed . " "  UNAMA 's detention observation report found compelling evidence that 125 detainees  46 %  of the 273 detainees interviewed who had been in NDS detention experienced interrogation techniques at the hands of NDS officials that constituted torture , " the report said . Nearly all the detained reported that the abuse was during interrogations and aimed at obtaining a confession or information . "  In almost every case , NDS officials stopped the use of torture once detainees confessed to the crime of which they were accused or provided the requested information . " Torture was used on some children under 18 , the report said . UNAMA recommended that the NDS and the police take immediate steps to prevent torture and allow regular , unhindered access for independent monitors . The report also called on the government and the supreme court to take action . Countries with troops in Afghanistan should suspended transfer of detainees to facilities "  where credible allegations or reports of torture and ill treatment have been made pending a full assessment , " the report said . Canada and the United Kingdom ceased transfers of detainees to facilities in Kandahar and Kabul at various times based on reports of torture and ill treatment , the report said . And in July of this year , the United States and NATO 'S International Security Assistance Force stopped transferring detainees to authorities in certain areas based on reports of consistent torture and mistreatment , the report said . UNAMA took steps to ensure that the information it collected was credible , the report said . It "  rigorously analyzed patterns of allegations in the aggregate and at specific facilities which permitted conclusions to be drawn about abusive practices ... and suggested fabricated accounts were uncommon . " "  The nationwide pattern of allegations is inconsistent with a substantial proportion of detainees interviewed having been trained before their detention in what lies to tell about their treatment if detained . " In its response , the government said it "  is committed to observe the whole enforced laws of the country ; international human rights treaties ; the Convention against Torture and approved articles and put to use all its efforts towards their realizations . " It added , "  Maybe there are deficiencies with a country stricken by war and a wave of suicide attacks and other terroristic crimes , we do not claim perfection and that we are doing things 100 % in accordance with how things should be . Some of these deficiencies , however , are due to a lack of experience within our staff and their lack of access to proving equipments and facilities and in part due to isolated incidents of individual violations . We are happy that this report also testifies in a part that torture did not take place in a systematic manner in all NDS headquarters . " It also noted that organizers of attacks use children in their plots , and that "  most of the anti-government elements do not hold ID cards which makes it challenging for NDS to identify underage individuals ... Once it is confirmed that the arrested person is underage , NDS immediately transfers him/her either to the Juvenile Rehabilitation Centre or Juvenile Prosecution Office to investigate the case . "	NEW : Such practices are "  absolutely non-existent " in the National Directorate of Security , the government says NEW : Children under age 18 were tortured , the U.N. report says Practices include suspension , beatings , electric shock , and twisting of genitals , the U.N. report says
CNN  -- The former head of Turkey 's military was sentenced to life in prison Monday in the controversial Ergenekon case . CNN Turk reported that Ilker Basbug , a former military chief of staff , and others were sentenced in the lengthy and polarizing court drama . He is the most prominent of hundreds of people accused of trying to overthrow the government . Along with Basbug , other retired high-ranking military officers , journalists , academics and politicians were sentenced . One military figure was Dursun Cicek . The retired navy colonel also got a life sentence , according to Turkish media . "  This is a grave injustice , " said Irem Cicek , the retired colonel 's daughter . "  We will fight against this system . We will resist . " She added , "  I will never forget this court , the names of the prosecutors , the names of the judges . I will never forget or let  them  be forgotten . " Muharrem Ince , a spokesman for the opposition Republican Peoples ' Party , called the sentences hostage-takings . "  Our friends are hostages , they are not arrested , " he said . "  They are not convicts . " The case underscores the divide in Turkey between secularists in the opposition and the military and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's Islamist-oriented government , dominated by his Justice and Development party . Prosecutors have accused hundreds of suspects of being part of a covert ultranationalist organization that wants to overthrow the government and sow unrest . They allege that the group created dozens of websites disseminating propaganda aimed at bringing down Erdogan 's government . Supporters of the process say the once-dominant military has a half-century history of overthrowing at least four governments in Turkey and meddling in civilian political affairs . But opponents of the government say the evidence has been fabricated by a government witch hunt intent on weakening and discrediting his secular and military political opposition . Tensions outside the court The Ergenekon case had its origin in an investigation that began in 2007 after the discovery of a stash of grenades and bomb-making materials in Istanbul . The name is a reference to a mythical story about the origins of the Turkish people . The trials have been taking place at the 13th Istanbul High Criminal Court at the Silivri Prison Complex . More than 60 of the 267 suspects have been in detention -- in some cases for years -- as the court case has slowly proceeded . Along with military officers , the suspects included journalists , academics , political leaders and lawmakers . The roads leading to the court have blocked in all directions by security forces . Citizens who traveled from all points of Turkey to witness the court 's verdict had been blocked from getting near the court . As the court began reading the sentences , police intervened in a crowd of roughly 1,000 people protesting the proceeding . Police tried to disperse crowds with water cannons , paint balls and tear gas . Sparks from tear gas canisters on dry grass started a fire . One protester who would identify herself only as Sibel said she was at the gathering for two reasons : to protest a lack of justice and to exercise her right of protest . "  Those of us who were here , we had no weapons , nothing . Just my body , that 's my weapon , " she said . "  They are treating us like criminals , but it is our constitutional right to protest , and they are not allowing us even that . " Others were sentenced Basbug was in charge of Turkey 's military from 2008 to 2010 under Erdogan . Turkish media reported other sentences , including a life sentence for Dogu Perincek , chairman of the socialist Workers Party . Others sentenced include a former Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate spokeswoman , Sevgi Erenerol , who got a life sentence ; Kemal Guruz , former head of Turkey 's Council of Higher Education , who received a sentence of 13 years ; author Ergun Poyraz , 29 years and seven months ; Istanbul government official Gurbuz Capan , one year and three months ; and academician Umit Sayin , four years . The military people with life sentences include retired Gens . Muzaffer Tekin and Veli Kucuk and retired Col. Albay Arif Dogan . Oktay Yildirim , a former military member whose alleged possession of grenades started the investigation , got nearly 34 years . A lieutenant , Mehmet Ali Celebi , got more than 16 years . The wife of Constitutional Court member Osman Paksut got two years and six months . Others were acquitted , including opposition lawmaker Mehmet Haberal . "  I am very sad , our friends remained here . My heart wants to leave here with my friends . But unfortunately , our country is going through a difficult time . I wish these problems are resolved soon and citizens gain their freedoms back , " he said . Journalist Tuncay Ozkan also was imprisoned for life . His daughter Nazli was incensed . "  We will not pretend not to see this injustice , to not see how unfair this is . This is just the beginning for us . They will not silence us , and we will prevail . " Nurperi Sancak , one of Perincek 's attorneys , told CNN that defense lawyers proved their clients do n't belong "  to this fictional organization , " a reference to Ergenekon . "  I began representing my clients because I believe that they are not being tried for what they did but because of their political affiliations , " she said . "  Right now , in the conclusion of this case , I am sad , I am disappointed for Turkey . Because I know that when the truth comes out about the faked and made-up evidence , that the younger generation will be ashamed . " Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc told reporters that "  whether we like it or not , we all have to obey the court 's decision . " "  No one has the privilege to commit a crime . The judiciary made the decision it saw fit . We will all see what the next step brings together . We are not people that are personally happy to see anyone convicted or arrested , but there is a court decision and everyone must respect that , " he said . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , CNN 's Talia Kayali and Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	Prosecutors say the suspects are part of a covert ultranationalist organization Daughter of a convicted officer : "  This is a grave injustice " Critics say the trials are politically motivated and aimed at stifling opposition "  I am sad , I am disappointed for Turkey , " a lawyer says
CNN  -- At least 80 African migrants were feared drowned Monday after their boats capsized off the coast of Yemen , authorities there reported . The two boats sank in separate accidents . One boat , which carried 45 migrants mostly from Ethiopia , capsized in the Red Sea , according to Yemen 's official news agency , SABA . Three people on that boat , believed to be from Somalia , survived and were found on Yemen 's coast , the agency said . Between 35 and 40 migrants were on the second boat that capsized off the coast of Lahj province , SABA reported , citing the interior ministry . Many of the people on board were women and children , according to the official website of Yemen 's ruling party . It said all of the migrants on the second boat were from Ethiopia . A search is under way to locate the missing . Yemen , seen as a gateway to other parts of the Middle East , is a common destination for African migrants fleeing economic hardship and war because of its proximity on the nearby Arabian Peninsula . Despite the dangers of the journey , thousands of people cross the Gulf of Aden each year , according to the United Nation 's refugee agency .	Two boats capsize in separate incidents off the coast of Yemen ; search under way The migrants are thought to be from Ethiopia and Somalia Thousands of people cross the Gulf of Aden each year in search of a better life
CNN  -- Facebook 's Ticker , the fast-scrolling tote board of pretty much everything your friends are doing , is ready to start selling you stuff . "  Sponsored stories " -- in other words , posts that someone paid for -- reportedly will begin appearing in the feed in the top right corner of home pages . A Facebook spokesman confirmed that changes are on the way . "  We recently made some changes to Facebook that help surface more engaging content , whether paid or organic , to people using Facebook , " spokesman Andrew Noyes said in an e-mail . "  With these changes , people may see a varying number of ads or Sponsored Stories alongside organic content . In testing , we 've found this leads to more engagement with for both paid and organic content . " A marketing news website -- ClickZ -- reported this weekend that a Facebook spokeswoman said ads would begin appearing in the Ticker for some users Monday . "  Sponsored stories " have appeared on Facebook for some time , targeted to individual users based on their activities on the site . In some instances , they can be triggered by friends ' activities -- say , if they "  like " a particular brand 's page . Currently , they appear in the Ticker on the "  canvas pages " of apps . Those are the pages you 're on when you 're playing a game or using some other app that needs its own page to run . Weaving sponsored content into organically appearing posts is a trend that 's been growing as sites look to cash in on their popularity . Story-sharing sites StumbleUpon and Digg already sprinkle sponsored ads among the stories they recommend to users . Twitter offers "  sponsored tweets " and "  promoted " trending topics -- a status that usually has to be earned by popularity alone . The Ticker was one of the most discussed new wrinkles when a host of Facebook changes were rolled out in September . Critics called it distracting -- a constantly buzzing home for oversharing of the highest order .  The comparisons to Twitter 's fast-moving updates , for better or for worse , are hard to ignore . But as with many Facebook changes , complaints died down in the weeks that followed as users either got used to the feature or entered a realm of quiet acceptance .	Facebook is adding ads to its fast-moving Ticker "  Sponsored stories " may begin appearing in the column for some users Monday More sites are incorporating sponsored content alongside organic posts
CNN  -- Pakistan 's deportation of 14 members of Osama bin Laden 's family to Saudi Arabia occurred just one week shy of the first anniversary of his death at the hands of U.S. commandos . Among those being deported were bin Laden 's three widows and two daughters , said Aamir Khalil , a family attorney . It was not clear late Thursday whether their plane had departed Islamabad . Earlier this month , the five women were sentenced to 45 days of house arrest for living in Pakistan illegally . Their detention ended last week . Khalil said the time served began March 3 , when the five were formally taken into custody . "  The family was kept safe and sound in a guest  safe  house , " according to a Pakistan Interior Ministry statement . "  They have been deported to the country of their choice , Saudi Arabia , today . " Two of the widows are Saudi , while one is Yemeni . The daughters are ages 17 and 21 , Khalil said . The widows have been identified by U.S. and Pakistani officials as Amal Ahmed Abdul Fateh , Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sabar . Judge blocks release of bin Laden death photos Because all five defendants confessed to impersonation , illegal entry into Pakistan and staying illegally in Pakistan , there was no need for a trial , Khalil said recently . He represents four of the five relatives . Bin Laden was killed by U.S. Navy SEALs at his Abbottabad compound May 2 , 2011 . The al Qaeda leader spent years on the run in Pakistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , moving from one safe house to another and fathering four children with Fateh , at least one of whom was born in a government hospital , she told Pakistani investigators . No credible threat of attack on anniversary of bin Laden 's death A deposition taken from Fateh gives the clearest picture yet of bin Laden 's life while international forces hunted him . He and his family moved from city to city with the help of Pakistanis who arranged "  everything " for them , Fateh said , according to the deposition . She told police she never applied for a visa during her stay in Pakistan . Authorities in Saudi Arabia have repeatedly declined to comment on the matter . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Bin Laden family members leaving for Saudi Arabia A Pakistani judge ordered them deported for living there illegally Three widows , two daughters among those leaving
Japanese fishermen have captured a rare albino dolphin and killed 11 other dolphins in a shallow cove , according to conservation activists protesting the hunt . The albino dolphin currently sits in a small holding pen where it is being trained to eat dead fish and adapt to human interaction , said members of the Sea Shepherd conservationist group , which monitors dolphin hunts in the region . They speculate the rare dolphin will be sold for up to $ 500,000 to be displayed in captivity . The controversial hunt takes place annually between September and March in Taiji , Japan . Most dolphins are killed for their meat , while some are sold live to aquariums around the world . Locals defend the hunt , a long-held tradition , as no different than slaughtering any other animal for meat . But activists say the hunt is driven by greed . "  This brutal hunt is carnage carried out in the name of profit , not culture , " said Melissa Sehgal , a Sea Shepherd campaign coordinator . "  These dolphins do not belong to Japan ; they belong to the ocean . " The group says that 15 pods of Risso 's dolphins have been slaughtered in the cove since this year 's hunting season began , with approximately 170 Risso 's dolphins killed . The Taiji Town Office declined CNN 's request for comment on Sea Shepherd 's newest report . READ MORE : Dolphins killed as Taiji 's controversial hunting season resumes Japan officials defend controversial hunt	Japanese fishermen have captured a rare albino dolphin and killed 11 other dolphins Activists speculate the rare dolphin will be sold for up to $ 500,000 to be displayed in captivity Locals defend the hunt , a long-held tradition in Japanese town of Taiji
CNN  -- Roger Federer warmed up for another tilt at Wimbledon by reaching the final of the grass court warmup tournament at Halle for the ninth time with a straight sets victory over Japan 's Kei Nishikori Saturday . The 32-year-old Swiss will play Colombia 's Alejandro Falla in the title match , but Federer 's Davis Cup teammate Stanislas Wawrinka will be kicking his heels Sunday after being upset by Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria in the semifinals of the Queen 's Club event in London . Top seed Wawrinka , the Australian Open champion , lost 6-2 6-4 to Dimitrov , who has been compared in playing style to Federer , although both dislike the tag of "  Baby Federer " he has earned in media circles . Dimitrov , the boyfriend of French Open champion Maria Sharapova , is forging a reputation in his own right after three ATP titles since last October and he had too much firepower for Wawrinka He broke him early in the first set and was never headed , admitting afterwards that reaching the final of the prestigious event was one of his ambitions . "  I always wanted to be in a final out here , stepping on there on Sunday means a lot to me , especially out here , " he told the ATP Tour website . "  I do n't know why I have such a strong intuition about this tournament . It has always been one of the biggest events for me , for some reason . There 's nothing better than to be in the final . " The 23-year-old Bulgarian will face Feliciano Lopez of Spain Sunday after the Spaniard saw off Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic 7-6 6-4 in the other semifinal . Stepanek , who beat home hope Andy Murray in the second round , lost a narrow first set tiebreaker 9-7 and a single break of his service was enough to see Lopez home in one hour 42 minutes . Meanwhile Federer , back on his favorite grass , needed just 73 minutes to fend off Nishikori 6-3 7-6 and will be bidding for his seventh title at the Gerry Weber Open tournament . "  I 'm extremely happy with the way I played today , " the 17-time grand slam champion told the ATP Tour website after he avenged a defeat to Nishikori in Miami earlier this year . "  I think I played really aggressive , I served well when I had to and I was able to keep the pressure on Kei and at the end I think I deserved to win . " Falla upset home favorite Philipp Kohlschreiber in the first semifinal , but it took two hours 22 minutes to come through 5-7 7-6 6-4 against the 2011 champion . He is the first South American to reach the final in the 22-year history of the tournament and the first left-hander since Petr Korda in 1997 .	Roger Federer into final of ATP event in Halle Federer will play Alejandro Falla of Colombia in final Grigor Dimitrov and Feliciano Lopez in Queen 's Final in London Dimitrov beats Stanislas Wawrinka in semifinal upset
CNN  -- A Florida exterminator whose dead daughter and injured son were found in his truck has been charged with attempted murder , and police were searching his Miami home Thursday night , police said . Chase Scott , spokesman for West Palm Beach Police , told CNN that officers were executing a search warrant for evidence in the home of Jorge and Carmen Barahona . Jorge Barahona , 53 , was found unconscious beside his pest-control truck early Monday along a south Florida interstate by a road assistance ranger , along with his 10-year-old adopted son , who was inside the vehicle next to an open gas can , according to a probable-cause affidavit filed by detectives . Hours later , crews removing toxic chemicals from the truck discovered the boy 's twin sister dead in a plastic bag . Earlier Thursday , Barahona was taken to a hospital Thursday after he "  attempted to harm himself , " police said . Barahona , who was in custody in the Palm Beach County Jail , suffered a self-inflicted injury after deputies told him to get ready to go to a court hearing Thursday morning , West Palm Beach Police spokesman Scott Chase said . "  He immediately attempted to harm himself by thrusting himself backwards , causing an injury to his head , " Chase said . "  He was immediately checked by emergency personnel and it was decided he was OK to appear in court . " However , Barahona "  refused to cooperate " by not speaking and the judge decided to delay the hearing until another date , Chase said . Authorities later decided to take Barahona to Wellington Regional Medical Center for observation , he said . Meanwhile , a medical examiner has determined a cause of death for the girl , but it will not be made public until investigators review the findings , Chase said Thursday . Authorities likely will decide whether and how to charge Barahona in her death based on the autopsy results , Police Capt. Mary Olsen said Wednesday . The children were among the four the Barahonas adopted from Florida 's foster care system . When the boy was found Monday by the roadside assistance ranger , he "  appeared to be in respiratory distress and  was  trembling " and his clothing "  was soaked with an unknown chemical , " the probable-cause affidavit said . The ranger then found Barahona on the ground beside the truck and called for help . The boy was hospitalized in intensive care with severe burns to his abdomen , upper thighs and buttocks , the affidavit said . While examining the boy , doctors noted he had sustained previous injuries , including a broken collarbone , a broken arm , scarring to his buttocks and lower abdomen , and ligature marks on both wrists , police said . After Barahona and his son were taken to a hospital , a worker decontaminating the truck discovered the body of the girl , wrapped in a plastic bag , the document said . Barahona told police he was distraught over the death of his daughter , and had intended to commit suicide by dousing himself with gasoline and setting himself afire , the affidavit said . Barahona said he did n't go through with his suicide plan because his son was with him , the document added . "  Basically , to paraphrase , he was stating that he placed his daughter in a plastic bag being distraught over her death , " Chase told reporters Wednesday . "  He drove here from South Florida accompanied by his son . "  He then pulled off to the side of the road saying that he poured gas on his self , intending to light himself on fire . His son 's head was in his lap and he decided , after giving his son some sleeping pills , that he was n't going to do that . " Barahona told police that in dousing himself with gasoline , he inadvertently got some on the boy , Olsen said Wednesday . But his story does n't add up , because there was no gasoline on the boy , she said . Instead , he was covered with another chemical whose composition had yet to be determined . "  That 's why we 're still treating this as a hazmat  hazardous materials case  , " Olsen said . The truck in which the children were found was taken to a secure location , Chase said , where an FBI evidence recovery team is going through the vehicle . Authorities are waiting for test results on the chemicals found in the truck . Chase said the substance on the boy 's body and clothes was so potent that staff caring for the boy at the hospital became ill as well . The boy , who was transferred Wednesday morning to a specialized burn unit at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital , has not been able to talk to investigators because he is on a breathing tube , Olsen explained . Asked whether Barahona has expressed remorse , she said , "  He feels remorse , but we 're not getting consistent statements with what we 're seeing in our evidence . " "  It 's a complex case , " she added . At a hearing Wednesday in Miami attended by Barahona 's wife , Carmen , a judge ordered that the remaining two children in the home be placed in foster care . Florida 's Department of Children and Families had opened a child protection investigation within the past few days to look into a complaint involving the Barahona family , and it was n't the first such complaint , spokesman Mark Riordan said . Reporters in the courtroom Wednesday heard tales of abuse , mainly concerning the twins , from state officials and experts . The caller to the child protection hotline in the latest case reported that the twins were routinely locked in a bathroom for long periods of time and had been bound with tape , the court heard . The story was corroborated by interviews with the other two children in the home , officials said in court . An investigator told the court that she went to the family 's home on February 11 but had not seen the children . Instead , she said , she left after speaking with Carmen Barahona , planning to return on Monday . Asked why she did not return sooner , she said , "  I 'm not allowed to do investigations on a weekend . " However , a spokesman for the department , John Harrell , said it is the job of investigators to follow through immediately or refer to someone else in the department to follow through when a matter is urgent . CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report .	NEW : Jorge Barahona is charged with attempted murder ; home is being searched Barahona "  attempted to harm himself " Thursday morning , police say He "  refused to cooperate " by not speaking , which postponed his hearing Cause of daughter 's death has been determined but not made public
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- The pounding of hammers inside his home is probably the sweetest sound in the world to Tuscaloosa resident Gary Limmroth . It 's the sound of progress . One year ago , he barely made it into his basement as a massive tornado with winds up to 200 mph picked up his home , churned it into pieces and threw it all over his Forest Lake neighborhood . "  It sucked the air out of the room , like someone trying to beat on the door violently to get in , and then 60 seconds later , it was the quietest quiet you never heard , " he said . Limmroth emerged unscathed and watched as the mammoth storm continued its rampage through Tuscaloosa on April 27 , 2011 . The twister stayed on the ground for about six minutes , officials say . Fifty-three people were killed in the city that day . "  It smelled like you had been inside a lumber mill : fresh cut from the houses that were destroyed , plus the trees that were just literally cut in half , " Limmroth said . "  It was truly eerie . " Mother-daughter team helps raise money for Tuscaloosa The twister was part of a severe storm system that ripped through the South and Midwest that day , killing at least 327 people . It was one of the deadliest tornado outbreaks in U.S. history . Alabama was the hardest-hit state , and Tuscaloosa was the bull 's - eye of the storm . More than 5,000 homes in the city alone were damaged or destroyed , and hundreds of businesses in the area were also affected , according the West Alabama Chamber of Commerce . The storm cut a six-mile-long path through the city , destroying or damaging about 12 % of it , Tuscaloosa officials say . The tornado left behind enough debris to fill the University of Alabama 's football stadium five times , Mayor Walt Maddox said . On Friday , members of the Tuscaloosa community came together to remember those they lost at a remembrance ceremony held at the university . Bells tolled 53 times to honor each of the city 's tornado victims . The names of the dead were read aloud and pictures of them flashed on a screen -- happy glimpses into lives cut short . The Tuscaloosa tornado was later given a rating of EF4 , the second-most powerful on the Enhanced Fujita Scale , meaning it had wind speeds between 166 and 200 mph . Today , a year later , a huge weed-filled lot now sits where one Tuscaloosa neighborhood used to be -- part of the huge mile-wide swath that the tornado cut through town at McFarland Boulevard and 15th Street . Right next to that lot is Evan Smith 's newly rebuilt Krispy Kreme doughnut shop . "  I 'm no weatherman , but I think we 're standing in the dead center eye , " Smith said . This week , plumbers finished their work on the site of his new shop . He hopes to be back in business in the next three months . "  As bad as disasters are , a lot of people benefit from them , from easier loans , lower loans and stuff like that , " Smith said . "  But as far as me and this business , I 'm not better off until I get the doors open again . " Tuscaloosa 's recovery is more about rebuilding all the homes and businesses obliterated by last year 's tornado , according to the city 's mayor . "  It 's about restoring lives , " Maddox said . "  It 's about ensuring what happened here is more meaningful than just six miles of total destruction across our city . It 's about building back in such a way that people are going to have confidence that we 're going to have a better tomorrow . " "  The message is this : We are coming back , " Tuscaloosa County Probate Judge Hardy McCollum said during the Friday ceremony . Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley also spoke , vowing to stay committed to the rebuilding efforts . "  As we observe today 's anniversary , let us look ahead to the work that remains to be done for the people of Alabama , " he said . "  We 've made a lot of progress in the last year . We still have a long way to go . " Today , a construction crew is putting the finishing touches on Gary Limmroth 's new home , which has a poured concrete safe room . He hopes to sleep in his new place in July . "  It takes a while to figure out how do you want to build back , how do you want to do it . Do you want to come back ? There were a lot of people across the lake that have decided they just ca n't take it . They could n't be here , the constant reminder every day of seeing it . "	NEW : Bells toll to remember the tornado victims NEW : "  The message is this : We are coming back , " says a local official Friday marks one year since a massive tornado hit Tuscaloosa , Alabama The twister killed 53 people in Tuscaloosa on April 27 , 2011
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Sunday reiterated his commitment to getting the U.S. Senate to approve the New START treaty with Russia by year 's end , saying he felt "  reasonably good about our prospects " for the goal . "  When we look upon how important Russian support has been " on Iran sanctions and the Afghanistan supply route , Obama told reporters aboard Air Force One , "  my hope is that because this is a good treaty we should get it done . " Obama spoke as he was returning from a trip to Asia , where he met with Russian President Dmitri Medvedev in Japan . The president said the White House has had a "  series of conversations " with Republican Senators John McCain of Arizona , Jon Kyl , also of Arizona , and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina about the nuclear arms treaty and that they "  say they want to see this done . " On Saturday , a senior Obama administration official said that "  negotiations are under way " to spend as much as $ 4 billion more to modernize the U.S. nuclear arsenal as part of the effort to push through the treaty by year 's end . The official 's comments came after a meeting in Yokohama , Japan , between Obama and Medvedev while attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Conference . The two leaders discussed a host of issues , from Iran to Middle East . A swift resolution to the New START treaty issue regulating the two nations ' nuclear arsenals , though , ranked high on their agenda . The treaty , signed by Obama and Medvedev in April , would cut each country 's deployed nuclear warheads by approximately a third , limiting each side to a maximum of 1,550 . Some Republicans have held up a vote , saying despite lengthy hearings in the last session , they have more questions about the agreement . If no action is taken , new Senate hearings would be required and that could set back ratification for as much as two years . While they did n't win a majority in the Senate , Republicans made major gains in November 's election -- meaning they 'll have more clout when the upcoming "  lame-duck session " ends and a new Congress takes office in January . "  We have a full-court press under way right now with the key senators , " said the senior administration official . "  The president has made it very clear ... that this is his highest priority in terms of foreign policy pieces of business to get done in the lame duck session . " Obama has already included $ 80 billion over 10 years for nuclear weapons modernization in his budget , a move that experts saw as a bid to pre-empt criticism that he is not doing enough to safeguard the United States ' military and nuclear strength . But Sen. Kyl , who is leading the charge against voting on the treaty in the lame-duck session , and fellow Republicans have said they are not convinced the Obama administration is committed to modernizing the nations ' nuclear arsenal or to developing and deploying a robust missile defense system . For the New START treaty to go into effect , it must be ratified both by the U.S. Senate and by the lower house of the Russian legislature , the Duma . The Democratic chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , John Kerry , said Wednesday he 's "  very hopeful " the Senate will vote in December . The uncertainty in Washington have held up action in Moscow as well . Reacting to the midterm election , the Duma 's International Affairs Committee delayed consideration by the entire Duma . "  They do n't want to be caught in a situation similar to the one they were in with START II , which they ratified but the United States did not , " said Sharon Squassoni , director and senior fellow of the Proliferation Prevention Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . In their talks Saturday , Obama discussed with Medvedev his "  legislative strategy " to getting the New START treaty ratified , and the two also talked about the political dynamic in Russia , the senior administration official said . The two leaders also discussed the "  next steps " as Russia tries to join the World Trade Organization , a move that will likely happen next year , according to the senior administration official . Even with New START still in limbo , Medvedev and Obama discussed negotiating a new Conventional Armed Forces in Europe , or CFE , treaty . The pact , which was signed by 30 nations , sets limits for weapons and armament systems from the Atlantic Ocean to the Ural Mountains , the administration official said . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says key Republican Senators "  say they want to see this done " U.S. Official says talks are under way to spend billions more on nuclear arsenal Republicans have pushed for more money to modernize the nuclear arsenal Presidents Obama and Medvedev discussed the New START treaty and other matters in Japan
The Senate will hold a hearing on the increasingly political debate over the government 's handling of the Ebola outbreak -- but not until after the midterm elections . Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski will hold an Ebola hearing Nov. 6 , two days after Election Day . That will mark the first hearing in the Democratic-led Senate since the first three U.S. cases of the deadly virus were diagnosed in Dallas , according to a committee release out Monday . The GOP-controlled House held a hearing last week to grill Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials over the Ebola response . The Ebola outbreak is quickly emerging as a top issue in the midterms , scrambling the political calculus in several races in the final stretch of campaigning . Senate Democrats from Republican-leaning states are under growing pressure to join GOP calls for a ban on travel between west Africa , which is the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak , and the United States . North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan is the latest Democrat to back a travel ban , though she initially questioned the effectiveness of such a move and said it only made sense as one part of a broader strategy . Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Georgia Democratic candidate Michelle Nunn are also supporting a travel ban . Those defections are ratcheting up pressure on other Democrats -- both vulnerable incumbents and hopeful challengers -- to support a ban that top U.S. and world health officials have said would not be effective and could harm prevention efforts . The Louisiana GOP issued a statement Friday attempting to goad Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu into supporting a travel ban after her opponent , Rep. Bill Cassidy expressed his support . It 's Hagan 's endorsement of the ban , though , that most clearly reflects the political pressure Democrats are feeling as a result of the threat of Ebola -- largely because it came just days after she 'd expressed reservations about a similar call from her GOP opponent , state House Speaker Thom Tillis . "  That 's not going to solve this problem , " Hagan said at a press conference early last week . "  That 's not going to contain the epidemic that we see happening in Africa . " But in a statement Friday Hagan said she had "  said for weeks that travel restrictions should be " part of the plan to contain Ebola . "  A temporary travel ban is a prudent step the President can take to protect the American people , and I believe he should do so immediately , " Hagan said in the statement released Friday afternoon . Hagan , Pryor and Nunn are all facing tough challenges from the right and their campaigns are crucial to Democrats ' chances of holding on to the Senate .	A Senate panel plans a Nov. 6 hearing on the Ebola threat . Democrats are increasingly calling for travel bans between West Africa and the U.S. Endangered Sen. Kay Hagan was the latest to do so , reversing her previous position .
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- After a long apprenticeship , it 's been an astonishingly fast rise for R&B singer Jazmine Sullivan . Jazmine Sullivan is up for five Grammys next month , including best new artist . Before she was in her teens , Sullivan sang on "  It 's Showtime at the Apollo . " At 13 , she met Stevie Wonder . Soon she was performing regularly at the jam sessions called Black Lily in her hometown of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . She went to that city 's performing arts high school and was signed to a contract by Jive Records , where she was paired with producers such as Timbaland and Cool & Dre . It did n't work out -- then . But soon , Sullivan signed with Clive Davis ' J Records , and suddenly she was everywhere . Her debut single , "  Need U Bad , " hit No. 1 on Billboard 's R&B / Hip-Hop chart , and her album "  Fearless " hit the Top 10 on Billboard 's album chart . Now she 's up for five Grammys on February 8 , including best R&B performance  for "  Bust Your Windows "  and best new artist . CNN 's KJ Matthews talked with Sullivan about her inspirations , who she 's bringing to the Grammys and the mysterious person behind "  Bust Your Windows . " The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : How would you describe your sound ? Jazmine Sullivan : I ca n't really describe it ; that 's the whole thing . Once you hear the CD , you 'll hear that one sound does n't sound like the next . You know , I 've been influenced by so many different styles and different genres of music that I felt like that should be represented on my first album , so when you get it , you get a taste of gospel , jazz , R&B , hip-hop , reggae , pop ... everything is on there , there 's something for everybody to enjoy . I did n't want to exclude anybody from the album . CNN : Let me ask you this : When you saw or heard the other nominees in the best new artist category who happen to be a little bit more well-known , was it intimidating ? I mean , you got the Jonas Brothers , Katy Perry , Adele ... Sullivan : Yeah , the Jonas Brothers , specifically . I did n't even know they were new artists because they are so huge , so , you know , so after , when my name was called after theirs , I thought , "  Wow , they 're new artists , too ? " I got a little scared , I tell you that . But I 'm just so honored to be mentioned to be in the same categories with such wonderful artists , so I 'm looking forward to February and the Grammys and just being in that atmosphere . CNN : I was looking at your background , and I did n't know that you 're a protegee of Missy Elliott . I was thinking to myself , you would think that you would do rap , but you 're this big voice , this soulful voice . You might not equate that with Missy . Sullivan : Yeah , and a lot of people do n't know that Missy Elliott ... grew up in the church , and she 's really into vocalists . When I met her , was I was about 13 or 14 , -LSB- and -RSB- she was ecstatic about me . When nobody else was there to support me , Missy was there , so she 's a good friend of mine , and I 'm happy to have her by my side . She 's definitely taught me a lot of things . CNN : So everybody wants to know , the guy behind "  Bust Your Windows " -- is there one ? Sullivan : We wo n't talk about that on camera -- that 's an off-camera conversation -- but it 's definitely a song that relates to a lot of women especially . You know , even if they really have n't busted windows out of anybody 's car , they have wanted to . A lot of women have been through that , so I 'm glad that my music is touching those people CNN : "  Need U Bad " is rising as well . What 's the thought process behind that one ? Sullivan : "  Need U Bad " ... a lot of men actually pointed out to me that women do n't come out and admit that they made mistakes and say that they actually need the male , so I think that was kind of cool . I have n't thought of it like that when I was writing it . So , you know , it 's a song for the fellas , saying that we appreciate them and we need you as much as you need us . But on the flip side , I do a song like "  Bust Your Windows , " so on the album you have a lot of different perceptions and everything . CNN : How old are you ? You look like you 're 10 . Sullivan : I 'm 21 years old . CNN : Success that early , that 's sometimes tough for people . Sullivan : Well , I 've been in this industry for a very long time . I started out when I was 12 ; I got signed when I was 16 , so it was n't an overnight success story at all . I put a lot of hard work into it , and this is just a byproduct of all of that . CNN : It 's great that you write your own music too , because a lot of people do n't do that . You have a lot more creative control . Sullivan : Most definitely , and I 've dealt with not having that control when I was younger and I was signed . I was n't writing at all , and so I 've been through all of that . So now to be in a position where I write my music , and I have that control -- it feels so much better . CNN : All right , the big question : Grammy night . What are you wearing ? Who are you bringing ? What are you going to be doing ? Sullivan : I 'm bringing my mother . She 's been my rock and my support ever since I was a baby . She was my first huge fan , that what she is . I do n't know what I 'm wearing . I 'm trying not to think about that . I want to perform . Hopefully I can get on stage and I can show everybody who I am and what I 'm about . But I have n't thought about the dress or the shoes or the hair or anything about that . CNN : You 're just trying to enjoy the moment . Sullivan : Enjoy , yes .	R&B singer Jazmine Sullivan is up for five awards next month Sullivan 's hits include "  Need U Bad " and "  Bust Your Windows " Singer is a protegee of Missy Elliott 's
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Thousands of people gathered on the main boulevard in Tunis on Saturday to commemorate the first anniversary of a demonstration that toppled the president and set in motion a string of revolts across the Arab world . What came to be known as the Arab Spring saw presidents removed from power in Libya , Egypt , and Yemen and sparked protests from Algeria to Iran and Iraq . Demonstrations continue in Bahrain , and anti-government protests in Syria have led to a brutal and ongoing government crackdown . Saturday 's crowd on Habib Bourguiba Boulevard was similar to the demonstration there last January , challenging the Interior Ministry over high unemployment , alleged corruption , rising prices and limitations on rights . The crowd a year ago shouted "  Get out ! " to longtime President Zine Al Abidine Ben Ali , calling for his ouster . A day later , Ben Ali -- the authoritarian president who had ruled the north African country for 24 years -- fled with his family to Saudi Arabia . This year , the crowd represented all sorts of political groups from ultra-conservative Salafists to communists , as well as many Tunisians who were there last year . They expressed pride at the so-far smooth political transition but many held signs expressing their distress about the economy and the failure of the revolution to offer them jobs and a better life . Tunisia last month swore in a new president , Moncef Marzouki , a secularist known for his opposition to the old regime . Regional leaders including Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika ; the head of Libya 's National Transitional Council , Mustapha Abdeljalil ; and the prince of Qatar , Hamed el Thani , attended an official celebration ceremony in downtown Tunis . Opposition movements have expressed their dissatisfaction at the way the celebrations were organized and the absence of high-profile representatives of the world 's leading democracies . Groups held signs against Qatar , blamed for interfering in Tunisia 's internal and foreign policies , and against the foreign ties of Tunisia 's Ennahda ruling party .	Crowds gather on the main boulevard in Tunis It was the anniversary of the demonstration that led to the president 's ouster Tunisian protests sparked the Arab Spring
CNN  -- An Ohio grand jury on Friday indicted a 52-year-old man , alleging that he "  pulled the trigger " to kill three men who had answered a Craigslist ad for work on a cattle farm , authorities said . Richard Beasley faces multiple counts of aggravated murder , kidnapping and aggravated robbery as well as a host of other charges , according to the 28-page indictment released Friday by the Summit County prosecutor 's office . Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine acknowledged there may be more victims , and thus more charges . "  We are dealing with serial killings here , " DeWine told reporters , pleading for the public to provide more information . "  Are there more bodies ? Frankly , we do n't know . If there are , we need to find them . " As outlined in the indictment , Beasley is the "  principal offender " in the murders of three men between August and November 2011 , Summit County Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh said . He could be eligible for the death penalty if convicted , given that the murders could meet one or more requirements for that sentence including purposely causing the death of two or more people and murdering people while a fugitive , committing a kidnapping and/or committing armed robbery . "  This case deserves the death penalty for a multitude of reasons , " Walsh said . "  This case , we view to be one of the worst of the worst when it comes to horrible murder cases . " Beasley will be formally arraigned on the charges next Wednesday morning , prosecutor 's office spokeswoman April Wiesner told CNN affiliate WJW by e-mail . He has been in custody at the Summit County jail since November 16 , 2011 , on unrelated charges -- including drug trafficking and promoting prostitution -- according to jail records posted online . The victims -- Ralph Geiger , 56 , of Akron , Ohio ; David Pauley , 51 , of Norfolk , Virginia ; and Timothy Kern , 47 , of Massillon , Ohio -- were found dead in separate shallow graves after responding to an online ad soliciting workers , authorities have said . The investigation into the killings began the night of November 6 , when a Noble County deputy sheriff responded to a call and came upon a "  white , middle-aged man being treated for a gunshot wound to the right arm , " according to Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum of Noble County . The wounded man -- who was identified in the indictment as Scott Davis , 48 , from South Carolina -- told the law enforcement officer that he had answered an ad on the Craigslist website offering work caring for cattle on a 688-acre property in eastern Ohio . He met with two males , including Beasley , and drove with them toward Stock Township , Ohio . After being told a road was closed due to a landslide , Davis got out of the car to start walking toward the property , which he was told was nearby . Davis told the sheriff that , while walking through a heavily wooded area , he turned around "  to see a gun pointed at his head . He deflected the gun and ran " -- getting shot in the arm while fleeing , the sheriff explained late last year . The victim hid for seven hours in the forest before going to a house and requesting help , Hannum said . "  Davis lived to tell the tale , but as his story got out , more information came forward about other missing persons who had answered similar Craigslist ads , " said DeWine , speaking at Friday 's news conference with Walsh . The third victim , Kern , was killed one week after Davis 's escape , according to authorities . The attorney general said that the victims were all "  down on their luck " men trying to take advantage of an opportunity to "  have a better life . " "  Tragically , it ended in their deaths , " he added . Brogan Rafferty , 16 , of Stow , Ohio , who is a high school sophomore , is facing charges of aggravated murder and attempted murder in connection with the killings , and prosecutors are seeking to try him as an adult , according to CNN affiliates WKYC and WJW . Rafferty 's father , Michael , told WJW in late November that his son had been "  manipulated " and "  corrupted , " insisting that the teenager is a "  mild-mannered gentleman . " The father also said that his son unwittingly dug the graves at Beasley 's direction , WJW reported . The boy 's mother said her son denied killing anyone and added that Beasley portrayed himself as "  a chaplain " who gave food to the homeless . Walsh , the Summit County prosecutor , noted Friday that the judge had imposed a "  gag order " in that case , "  so we can not give any comments . " As to Beasley , he will be arraigned on 27 counts -- including , besides the aggravated murder charges , four for aggravated robbery , four for kidnapping , two for grand theft and one for identity fraud -- according to the indictment . DeWine said the case should serve as a "  warning " about the potential perils of the Internet . He noted that while there are many legitimate uses for the classified website , "  many people ... use Craigslist for horrible reasons . " "  I 'm shocked and I 'm sickened by how technology and the Internet were used in this case to draw in vulnerable people and then execute them , " he said . CNN 's John Fricke and Rich Porter contributed to this report .	NEW : Calling it "  the worst of the worst , " a prosecutor says the case merits a death penalty NEW : Attorney general call the acts "  serial killings " and says there may be more victims Beasley , 52 , is accused of killing three men who answered a Craigslist ad to work on a farm Ohio 's attorney general says Beasley lured "  vulnerable people and then execute  d  them "
A second Ebola patient to be treated at Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha will arrive there early Monday morning , the center said in a statement . The patient is believed to be an American freelance cameraman who worked for NBC . Ashoka Mukpo was diagnosed with Ebola on Thursday . He left Liberia on a specially-equipped plane Sunday and was headed to Nebraska , the network reported . Upon arrival , the patient will be immediately taken to a remote part of the airport away from passenger areas , where an ambulance will wait for transport to the hospital . Increased screening Screening could soon be increased at U.S. airports because of the Ebola outbreak , officials said Sunday . "  All options are on the table for further strengthening the screening process here in the U.S. , and that includes trying to screen people coming in from Ebola-affected countries with temperature checks , " a federal official said . The source added : "  It 's not as easy as it sounds . There are n't that many direct flights from Ebola-affected countries to the U.S. anymore . Many passengers are arriving on connecting flights from other parts of the world , and then they come here , so that makes it more of a challenge . " An official with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention similarly said that enhanced CDC screening at major U.S. airports was under consideration . Any change must be useful enough to warrant the disruption to travelers , that official said . A separate , senior administration official stressed that enhanced screening is consistent with what Lisa Monaco , President Barack Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser , said last week . However , officials then had argued that such screening could be counterproductive . Stopping in its tracks The director of the CDC underscored that authorities are looking into all possibilities , including suggestions from Congress , the public and the media . "  We 'll look at those and see what works to protect Americans and to make sure that whatever we do does n't unintentionally actually increase our risk , " Dr. Tom Frieden told reporters . Earlier , the director told CNN that he is confident there is little risk of an Ebola outbreak in Dallas , where one infected patient is fighting for his life . Frieden is expected to brief Obama on Monday . He said on "  State of the Union " that the CDC is concerned about family members who had "  very close contact " with the victim but that they were being monitored constantly . "  That 's how you stop it in its tracks . That 's why we 're confident we wo n't see a large number of cases from this , " he told CNN 's Candy Crowley . Monitoring high and low-risk contacts Relatives will be monitored for 21 days from their last contact with Thomas Eric Duncan , the only patient to develop Ebola in the United States . If any of them gets a fever , he or she will be isolated , Frieden said . "  That 's how we break the chain of transmission , and that 's what is going to make sure that we do n't have a large outbreak in Dallas or elsewhere in the U.S. , " he added . About 10 people are at "  higher risk " of catching Ebola after coming into contact with Duncan but have showed no symptoms , health officials said . That group includes health care workers , who are now on paid leave . The group is among 50 people being monitored daily , but the other 40 are considered "  low risk , " Dr. David Lakey , commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services , said Saturday . A homeless man who was on the low-risk list was found Sunday after a nearly day-long search . After being checked by medical workers and being told to stay where he was , the man left , and authorities began to look for him . He was taken to Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas on Sunday , according to the official Twitter account of Sana Syed , a spokeswoman for the city of Dallas . His temperature was normal , and he was not showing symptoms of Ebola before he disappeared , officials said . Authorities also found Sunday two other contacts of Duncan 's they had previously been unable to locate , a federal official said . The two people , in addition to the homeless man , were in the same ambulance as Duncan on the same day . All three are considered low risk , but authorities want to monitor them for 21 days , said the official . Who 's in charge of stopping Ebola in the U.S. ? Critical condition patient Duncan is in critical condition , a Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital spokeswoman said Saturday . The Liberian national had previously been listed as being in serious condition . Hospital spokeswoman Candace White offered no new details other than his condition . Duncan arrived in Dallas on September 20 and started feeling sick days later . He made his initial visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on September 25 . He was released with antibiotics but went back three days later and was quickly isolated . A blood test Tuesday confirmed that he had Ebola . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? Relocated to undisclosed location "  We 've been very busy the last 24 hours trying to make sure that everyone who has had potential exposure is identified and they have been evaluated , " Lakey said . The high-risk list probably includes Duncan 's partner , Louise , her 13-year-old son and her two 20-something nephews . The four had been holed up in the apartment where Duncan had stayed before he was hospitalized . They were relocated to an undisclosed place Friday and will be required to stay there until October 19 . The incubation period -- the time between Ebola infection and the onset of symptoms -- ranges from two to 21 days . Louise spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Sunday , telling him that she has n't felt any symptoms . "  She 's very thankful for all the doctors ' efforts , but she clearly believes that somehow more could be done , " Cooper said Louise said about her partner . Their interview will air Monday night . The Dallas hospital where Duncan is being treated has come under fire for its handling of his first visit there eight days ago . Louise , who does not want her last name used , said Duncan told hospital staff that he had a fever and abdominal pain and had recently arrived from Liberia , key information that could have been a tipoff for Ebola . Health care workers across the nation "  have to learn from the experience , " Lakey said Saturday . "  The travel history is very important to take , and it has to be communicated , " he said . The hospital defended its handling of the case . "  As a standard part of the nursing process , the patient 's travel history was documented and available to the full care team in the electronic health record , including within the physician 's workflow , " it said in a statement . Your Ebola questions answered The church Louise attends said Duncan came to the United States so the two could get married . Louise told the church 's senior pastor , George Mason , about their marriage plan , according to Mark Wingfield , a spokesman at Wilshire Baptist Church in Dallas . How the Ebola virus spreads American doctor tests negative for Ebola An American patient treated for Ebola in Nebraska , then released , then put in isolation in a hospital in Massachusetts , was removed from isolation on Sunday . Laboratory tests showed Dr. Richard Sacra does not have Ebola , said Peggy Thrappas , spokeswoman for UMass Memorial Medical Center in Worcester . Physicians are continuing care for his upper respiratory tract infection , she said . Sacra went to an emergency room early Saturday in Boston with a cough and fever , according to the missionary organization Serving in Mission . He was afraid he might have pneumonia . Because of his previous infection , he was transferred and kept in isolation until his test results came back . "  Dr. Sacra came to the hospital with a fever and slight cough . Today , he is in stable condition , his symptoms seem to be improving , and he is eating , " lead physician Dr. Robert Finberg said earlier . Sacra had worked as a medical missionary in Liberia but not directly with Ebola patients . Nevertheless , he contracted the disease . He was treated in isolation at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha and then released after testing negative for the virus . CDC responds to sick passenger on flight Other Ebola scares As nervous Dallas residents watch Duncan 's case unfold , more Ebola scares have popped up in other parts of the nation . Howard University Hospital in Washington said Friday that it had admitted a low-risk patient with symptoms that could be associated with Ebola , but health officials said Saturday that Ebola had been ruled out in that case . The unnamed patient had recently traveled to Nigeria . Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone are the three main countries battling the deadly virus . The CDC remains very concerned about the Ebola outbreak in western Africa , where more than 3,000 people have died . The longer it remains a problem there , the greater the risk for other areas of the world , Frieden said . But battling the disease will be a "  long , hard fight , " he continued . "  The virus is spreading so fast that it 's hard to keep up , " the CDC director said .	An ambulance will pick up the patient from a remote part of the airport A doctor who once had Ebola tests negative for the disease CDC director to brief President Barack Obama on Monday Authorities find missing man who is considered at low risk of getting Ebola
San Diego , California  CNN  -- A boyhood wish finally came true . But Maurice Griffin had to wait until he was a man for it to happen . At age 32 , the California man was adopted Friday . "  It was the best day in my life , " Griffin said after the proceeding in San Diego Juvenile Court . "  I fought for 10 years and finally the day came . " Adopting the burly , muscular , mohawk-sporting man is Lisa Godbold , his one-time foster mother . "  I was just overwhelmed with emotion , " Godbold added . With a few pen strokes by Griffin , Godbold and Judge Richard Monroy , the adoption became official . "  This is going to be quite quick , " the judge told mom and son , all seated at a table . "  If you blink , you miss it . " Then son hugged mom . Mom cried . "  Congratulations to you both , " the judge declared . Then a deputy took a photograph of three of them , a tradition that the judge noted is always done with small children and their adoptive parents . Good time The story dates to the early 1980s , when Godbold and her husband saw Griffin at an orphanage near their Sacramento home . The smiling child seemed to fit perfectly with their family : Godbold is white . Her late previous husband was black , and the couple had two children who were , like Griffin , biracial . The couple took Griffin in as a foster child . He quickly bonded with their sons , Gideon and Spencer . "  We were best friends , " Griffin said . "  We 'd run around , we did mischievous things and fun things . It was a good time . " He lived with the family as a foster child for four years , until he was 13 . Then , just two months shy of being adopted by them , it all fell apart . Griffin said he wanted to be treated like a "  real " son : He wanted to be disciplined like the couple 's other sons . He wanted to be spanked , he said . So he innocently told a social worker that was what was going to happen . The social worker then told her superiors , and soon Griffin was about to be removed from the household , he said . Family ripped apart One day , foster care officials took Griffin away , saying he could not live with Godbold 's family anymore . "  You ca n't spank foster children . Maurice very much wanted that , " Godbold said . "  We wanted him to feel like the rest of our kids . And there was a difference of opinion with some of the  child welfare  supervisors . " Godbold said she fought to keep Griffin and was told she could lose her biological children , too . CNN contacted the state agency responsible for the case , but its officials would not comment because it 's still considered a juvenile matter . So Godbold had to let go . And as time moved on , Griffin says , he lost touch with what he felt was his only family . "  It was just an emptiness , " he said . "  I could n't talk to anybody about it because nobody was there . I could n't call somebody ; there was just a void in me . " Griffin said that he acted out every chance he got in hopes the state would reunite him with the people he considered to be family . He bounced from one foster home to another , never finding what he lost . "  I did n't let anybody get close to me again , " Griffin said , holding back tears . "  I hurt a lot of people . It was a rough road . " Searching for each other Despite several obstacles , Griffin and Godbold never stopped searching for one another . Godbold 's husband died in 1998 . She remarried and changed her last name , and moved . But six years ago , Godbold found Griffin on social media . They communicated online and then one day she called him . "  She said , ` hey baby , ' and I said I got to call you back , " Griffin said , trying to explain how overwhelmed he was by the reunion . As she entered the courtroom Friday , Godbold harbored fear that a surprise would halt the proceeding . "  I was actually really nervous before walking in , even though signing on the line was a formality , " Godbold said . "  I thought something might happen to keep it from becoming official today . " Griffin is an example of triumph in foster care . "  I 'm a living example of it , that I have been through it , " Griffin said . "  I just never stopped . It will all work out . " CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Maurice Griffin , 32 , is finally able to call her "  mom " legally A Juvenile Court judge okays his adoption by foster parent Lisa Godbold Griffin had to leave his foster family at 13 ; he has been searching for them ever since Years later , his one-time foster mom adopts him
CNN  -- Jose Maldonado was getting off the bus when the suspects exited the Stockton , California , bank with their hostages . Police had already arrived at the Bank of the West , the witness told CNN affiliate KOVR-TV on Wednesday , but authorities could n't take out the assailants , not with their guns trained on a customer and two bank employees . "  There was three guys , had three guns and three hostages , and they had the guns to the hostages ' heads , " Maldonado told the Sacramento station . "  They were petrified . Their faces were white . They were just so scared . " Climbing into a Ford Explorer belonging to one of the hostages , the robbery suspects made one of the hostages drive . Police "  surrounded the car , and they just could n't shoot at them because they were so close to the hostages . They just drove right out of the parking lot , " Maldonado said . The security guard who called the police had been tied up inside the bank amid frightened patrons and tellers , authorities said . As the suspects fled , a 12-year-old was left stranded in the parking lot after her mother , who had gone inside to withdraw money , became one of the three hostages . The girl texted her father saying , "  They took mom , " a man who identified himself as Devin J. , one of the woman 's cousins , told a local television station . For the next hour , police would chase the SUV on surface streets and interstates through Lodi to Acampo , then 20 miles back to Stockton . Gunfire from a semiautomatic "  AK-47-type assault rifle " and other weapons struck 14 of the 50 or so squad cars that gave chase , police said . Several police cars and an assault vehicle were disabled in the chase and gunfight , police said . What concerned Stockton Police Chief Eric Jones most was the perpetrators ' recklessness and wanton violence , he said . Two female hostages either jumped or were thrown from the vehicle -- one shot , one grazed -- and the third victim , the mother , was killed . It was n't clear whether police or the robbers killed her , but one suspect acknowledged using her as a human shield , Jones said . The other two hostages are expected to survive , he said . Asked why police opened fire on the men when they held a woman hostage , police spokesman Joseph Silva told reporters , "  There was a fear for safety , not only for our officers , but also for the community . " Jones added during a Thursday news conference that it was "  frankly amazing " no officers were hit , though some had close calls . More than 20 officers were on paid leave as of Thursday per department policy following a shooting , he said . The suspects , who were gang members or associates , were armed to the teeth , the chief said , and appeared to be out for blood . "  The suspects had mass amounts of ammunition , either taped to or strapped to their bodies . The gunfire on our officers was relentless , " he said . They not only hit homes and cars on busy streets with their bullets , but they also lost police at one point and used the opportunity to attack rather than escape , Jones said . Rather than pressing the pedal to the floor , putting distance between them and the dozens of officers tracking them , they stopped to set up an ambush , he said . "  They briefly lost officers and then stopped off of the roadway off-ramp and turned and had their weapons aimed at the officers who were soon to make the turn looking for them , " he said . Fortunately , a police commander in an unmarked car saw them setting up their trap and fired on a gunman leaning over the back of the SUV , sparking another pursuit , Jones said . "  That officer likely thwarted a deadly ambush , " he said . Witnesses abound . Some saw one of the hostages lying on the ground . Others saw officers in hot pursuit through California streets and highways . Many heard the deadly gunbattle that brought the chase to its end . "  It sounded like firecrackers at first , " one witness told CNN affiliate KCRA-TV . Another told the station , "  I could see the car getting blasted . I could see all the little sparks and everything off the car . " Amateur video obtained by CNN affiliate KOVR shows the final moments . It sounds as if someone set off a long string of firecrackers as puffs of smoke rise from the blue Ford Explorer facing off with police cars . Then the gunfire stops , and the only sound on the video is the wail of police sirens . "  It sounded like five minutes of straight gunfire , " Sam York told KCRA . "  It seemed like it was n't real . " One of the suspects had been killed , police said . Another was injured and would die later at a local hospital . Neither has been identified , but one was 27 , the other 30 , police said . They were both documented members of the NorteÃ ± os street gang , and the 27-year-old , the primary shooter , had an arrest record , Jones said . The NorteÃ ± os are a problem in Stockton , he said . The surviving suspect , Jaime Ramos , 19 , of Stockton was wrapped in a yellow blanket and escorted to a police car , where he was taken to San Joaquin County Jail and booked on felony charges of murder , kidnapping , robbery and attempted homicide of police officers . He is expected to make a court appearance Monday . Ramos is an associate of known gang members , and he revealed to police that he was uninjured in the gunfire exchange because he used the last remaining hostage as a shield , the chief said . Police recovered four guns at the scene , Jones said : the assault rifle , a .45 - caliber Glock , a .45 - caliber Ruger and a 9-mm Ruger . Many questions remain , namely whether police or the suspects killed the woman found inside the assailants ' SUV , but Jones told the media it could take "  some time " to answer that particular question . His officers , along with state and federal authorities , were investigating every angle , he assured reporters . No matter what they learn , Jones said , one thing is certain : Authorities did not want the situation to end the way it did . "  They put our entire community and nearby communities at risk for a very long time , " he said . "  We obviously hoped for a peaceful resolution , but these assailants wanted no part of a peaceful resolution . " Suspect in fatal Illinois bank robbery charged FBI nabs serial bank robbery suspect CNN 's Amanda Watts , Ed Payne , Steve Almasy and Artemis Moshtaghian contributed to this report .	NEW : Dead suspects were members of NorteÃ ± os street gang , police say Jaime Ramos , 19 , charged with murder , robbery after violent police chase Police chief : Suspects at one point got away but set up ambush rather than flee Chase ends in gunbattle after which police find hostage , two suspects dead
CNN  -- Kajal Kumar knows the value of a good education . She 's a career woman who poured years of her life into studying to become a certified public accountant with an MBA . But after nearly two decades climbing the corporate ladder in New York , the 46-year-old stopped managing employees and began micromanaging her two daughters . Instead of overseeing company accounts , Kumar organizes piano lessons , SAT preparation courses and Advanced Placement class homework assignments . She wants to give her daughters a shot at a top-notch college education . "  I had a very good , promising career , " Kumar said . "  But it was n't as important as making sure my kids did well and just setting them up for the future . " Stay-at-home parenting is nothing new . About 5.1 million mothers stay at home full time , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . But Kumar 's decision to quit her job came at an unconventional time -- when her children were grown teenagers and had entered high school . Unlike maternity leave , think of Kumar 's time off as a college-prep leave , say college admissions counselors . She represents a group of highly educated mothers who are sacrificing careers to usher their children through the increasingly competitive college admissions process . There are no statistics counting how many mothers compromise their careers to help their teens with college admissions , but college counselors say they 've witnessed more cases of mothers pausing their jobs or completely quitting their jobs . Over the past five years , Jeannie Borin , president of College Connections , says she saw a 10 percent uptick in mothers who quit or postponed their career to get their teens into college . Her counseling company offers services in 32 states . These mothers , who can afford to quit their jobs , may stop working for months , a year or several years leading up to the admission process , say researchers and college admissions counselors . They reduce their full-time hours to part time or request a temporary leave . Because many of them have jobs that require advanced degrees and specific skills , it 's usually easier for them to transition back into the work force . "  They know it 's going to be an intense year and they take a leave to that effect , " Borin said . "  The college frenzy has affected the entire family . " Since the mid-1990s , there has been a dramatic increase in the amount of time college-educated mothers are spending with their older children , according to a March study from the University of California , San Diego . Women spent six hours a week on child care in the mid-1990s , but that number jumped to about 12 hours a week after 2005 , the study said . Economics professors Garey and Valerie Ramey , who headed the UCSD study , theorized the rising amount of time spent on child care by a parent likely is associated with difficulty in the college admission process and juggling college preparatory activities . They found that college-educated parents have more resources and are better equipped to help their children with the process . "  We were shocked to find other mothers who had graduate degrees and had given up their careers and devoted their time to their children , " said Valerie Ramey . The panic of getting her 17-year-old daughter into a highly ranked university hit Rebecca Marder hard . Marder , 56 , of Los Angeles , California , holds two master 's degrees in counseling that took her nearly 5 1/2 years to earn . But a year-and-a-half ago , during daughter 's junior year in high school , she put her private counseling practice on hold to help her through the college application process . Junior year is a crunch time for high schoolers , as they compile college wish lists and tour campuses . She became her daughter 's college applications manager , scheduling campus tours and researching academic programs . She also became a videographer , recording her 17-year-old at each college visit as she weighed the pros and cons in front of each school . Marder has three older children , ages 25 , 23 , and 19 , but she said this is the first time she stopped working , because she saw that expectations of high school students had grown since her eldest child entered college . Marder said it is a dilemma . "  We can be seen by others and , more importantly , by ourselves , as ` irresponsible ' for not taking an active role in our child 's application process , or as driven and overprotective if we do get involved . " She was relieved to learn this month that her daughter had been accepted by her top choice , New York University . She immediately reopened her practice , which was crucial , she said , because she had gone into debt during her time off . Managing a child 's college application process can be similar to a corporate job , says Hilary Levey , a fellow at Harvard University who specializes in family studies . Levey conducted dozens of interviews with mothers who stopped working and stayed at home for their children . She says she talked to mothers who used their Blackberry devices to organize schedules and help their teens craft resumes . "  Raising the child sometimes becomes a career in itself , " Levey said . "  Instead of getting a promotion and measuring progress in professional sense , a way to measure how well you are doing is how well your child is doing . " But guiding a teen is a very different experience than raising a newborn or young child , say some mothers who have given up their advanced degrees to become full-time moms . Several moms say their decision to stay at home with their teens as allowed them to strengthen those relationships . Cherie Rodgers , 57 , of Santa Monica , California , found herself sharing special moments with her daughter when the stress of writing essays became too daunting . Together , they would take a break and enjoy an episode of a reality TV show together . "  If I had to do it all over again , I would do the same thing , " said Rodgers , who put her career in family law on hold for four months last fall . She said she considers her decision a success : Her daughter is juggling admissions offers from four selective colleges . Even so , she said , her daughter probably could have gotten through the process without her . For Kajal Kumar in New York , her relationship with her college-bound high school senior also deepened . Kumar does miss getting dressed up for work and commuting into bustling Manhattan , but her decision has eased the stress on her family . Her husband continues to work . "  We wanted to make sure we could give her all the tools she needed to succeed , " Kumar said . Her eldest daughter is headed to Vanderbilt University this fall . But the family 's college admissions process will start all over again when the youngest daughter , who is in high school , begins eyeing colleges . And Kumar will be staying at home .	Some moms with advanced degrees are quitting their jobs to help their teens get into college A University of California , San Diego study found moms are spending more time with their children The college admissions process has gotten more competitive for high school students , experts say Moms say taking a "  college-prep leave " can be beneficial for mother-child bonding
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two years after his death , music legend and celebrity icon Michael Jackson 's legacy remains clouded by the debate over how he died and who , if anyone , is to blame . A Los Angeles coroner ruled that a surgical anesthetic called Propofol killed the then 50-year-old Jackson , in combination with several sedatives found in his blood , on June 25 , 2009 . Ever since , there have been ongoing efforts -- from awards to statues to new songs -- to keep his memory , and music , alive . Still , much of the talk about one of the world 's most celebrated singers has occurred in courtrooms , centered around a host of cases related to his untimely death . Authorities claim that his personal doctor , Conrad Murray , administered the fatal dose . He has been charged with involuntary manslaughter in the singer 's death . The doctor 's defense attorney , Ed Chernoff , contends Jackson was "  a desperate man in many respects " and gave himself the fatal dose of surgical anesthesia while the doctor was not watching . One of Michael 's sisters , LaToya Jackson , told CNN 's Piers Morgan this week that her brother "  told me that they were going to murder him " -- identifying "  they " only as "  the people involved in his life , the people that were controlling him . " The late singer 's father , Joe Jackson , also fingered unidentified individuals in an interview with CNN on Saturday . "  We 're striving for justice , because there 's more to it than they 're claiming , " said Joe Jackson , who has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Murray and also said he 's still fighting over who controls his son 's estate . "  There is somebody else involved . " The singer 's mother , Katherine Jackson , has filed a lawsuit accusing AEG Live of causing her son 's death by pushing him to rehearse for his comeback concerts despite poor health . In the suit , she described Jackson in his last months as "  confused , easily frightened , unable to remember , obsessive , and disoriented . " Yet for all the legal entanglements , the last 24 months has also been marked by numerous attempts to celebrate , give new life to and capitalize on the singer 's historic career . According to Forbes , Jackson 's estate brought in a whopping $ 275 million between October 2009 and 2010 . The singer 's good fortune is due in large part to licensing deals cut by executors of his estate , a surge in sales of his music catalog and the $ 250 million box office of the Sony Pictures film , "  This Is It . " That documentary , focused on the singer 's preparations for his world tour , came out within months of his death . Sony was under a contractual obligation with Jackson 's estate to not use anything that showed the icon in "  a negative light " -- though Pastor ruled that additional , raw footage could be used in Murray 's upcoming trial . In a rare public appearance , two of Jackson 's three surviving children -- Prince Michael and Paris -- appeared in January 2010 at the Grammy Awards to help accept a Lifetime Achievement Award on their father 's behalf . The singer 's music and dance also inspired a Cirque du Soleil show , "  Michael Jackson : The Immortal World Tour . " And for months , there 's also been talk about a full-length album entitled "  Michael , " featuring 10 songs and collaborations with rapper 50 Cent and rocker Lenny Kravitz -- including a duet with Akon that was released online last November . But not all such Jackson-related efforts have been directly tied to his music . Mohammed Al Fayed , for instance , helped erect a statue of Jackson to stand outside the stadium of English Premier League football club Fulham , which he owns . The Egyptian-born businessman , who had owned Harrods department store and was a friend of the singer , told fans -- some bemused and others questioning the statue 's relevance -- they can "  go to hell " if they object . Also in England  but not the United States  , the Discovery Channel planned to broadcast a special early this year featuring a re-enactment of Jackson 's autopsy . But the program , "  Michael Jackson 's Autopsy : What Really Killed Michael Jackson , " was dropped before airing after repeated complaints . Investor Reginald Garcia said this spring that he will use cash from the sale of 130 unpublished photos he had taken of a then-19-year-old Jackson to fund testing of a motor that he claims generates more electricity than it uses . And this weekend , the King of Pop 's signature red and black jacket with "  winged shoulders , " which he wore during the filming of the iconic "  Thriller " music video , was one of several pieces of music memorabilia up for sale at a California auction . In his interview Saturday with CNN , Joe Jackson touted his plan to further develop his son 's dream and build amusement parks -- called "  Happyland " -- around the world .  In the same interview , he also publicized his new "  Jackson " cologne and vodka , called "  Vodka Precious . " "  I 'm grieving over Michael , " the late singer 's father said . "  It 's going to take me a long time to get over what happened to him . " Katherine Jackson told CNN this past spring that she struggles each day without Michael , even as she cares for his children , whom she has legal custody over . "  There 's not a day that passes I do n't think about my child , and he should be here right now , " his mother said .	Michael Jackson died June 25 , 2009 , of a drug overdose His personal doctor is charged with administering the fatal dose Several other lawsuits have been filed regarding his death There have also been many attempts to promote and capitalize on his legacy
CNN  -- In the dark of night , U.S. helicopters approached a high-walled compound in Pakistan on a mission to capture or kill one of the world 's most notorious terrorist leaders . Less than 40 minutes later -- early Monday morning in Pakistan -- Osama bin Laden was dead , along with four others inside the complex , and the U.S. forces departed with the slain al Qaeda leader 's body to fulfill a vow that originated shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . And as he announced the raid at the White House Sunday night , U.S. President Barack Obama called bin Laden 's death "  the most significant achievement to date in our nation 's effort to defeat al Qaeda . " One senior administration official called the investigation a "  team effort " and a "  model of really seamless cooperation " across agencies . This official and others briefed reporters on further details about the assault on the compound , which they believe was built five years ago for the specific purpose of hiding bin Laden -- known by the code name "  Geronimo , " a U.S. official said . A senior administration official said later that "  Geronimo " was code for the act of capturing or killing bin Laden , not the man himself . The compound is in Abbottabad , about 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad . The city sits in a mountainous region that is not heavily populated . Many of the residents are army personnel . While senior administration officials would not offer a breakdown of the U.S. mission 's composition , a senior defense official said U.S. Navy SEALs were involved . After years of intelligence work and months of following a specific lead , they traced a courier linked to bin Laden to the compound in Abbottabad , the officials said . When first built , the compound was secluded and reachable by only a dirt road , the officials said . In recent years , more residences built up around it , but it remained by far the largest and most heavily secured property in the area , they said . The mission ordered Friday by Obama found outer walls up to 18 feet tall topped with barbed wire , with two security gates and a series of internal walls that sectioned off different portions of the compound , the senior administration officials said . The main structure was a three-story building with few windows facing the outside of the compound , and a third-floor terrace had a 7-foot privacy wall , they said . Months of intelligence work determined that the compound was custom-built to hide a high-value terrorism suspect , almost certainly bin Laden . The officials noted there was no telephone or Internet service at the dwelling , which was valued at more than $ 1 million , and its occupants burned their trash rather than leave it out for collection as other area residents did . Calling the U.S. operation a surgical raid , officials said it was conducted by a small team and designed to minimize collateral damage . A firefight was under way for most of the 40 minutes that U.S. Special Operations forces were in the compound , as the team encountered resistance from bin Laden and three other men , a senior defense official said . The official said the forces had to fight their way through the first floor of the three-story building , where two adult males lived . Bin Laden and his family lived on the second and third floors , and they were cleared last , with bin Laden killed in the last five or 10 minutes of the siege , the official said . One of bin Laden 's wives identified his body to U.S. forces after the team made visual identification , the official said . In the end , all four of the combatants in the compound were dead , along with a woman whom one of the men used as a human shield , the officials said . Sources said bin Laden was shot in the head . John Brennan , assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , said it is his understanding that the woman who was killed was one of bin Laden 's wives . Later , a senior U.S. official said that bin Laden 's wife was not the woman killed and that she may not have been used as a human shield after all . This official also said that bin Laden was shot twice , once in the chest and once in the head . At some point , one of the assaulting helicopters crashed due to a mechanical failure , according to the officials . It was destroyed as the U.S. team flew away , they said . Obama and the senior administration officials said no U.S. forces were harmed in the operation , which took place very early Monday morning Pakistani time . Shandana Syed , a resident doctor in Abbottabad , said she woke up to a large thundering sound . "  My initial reaction was that maybe we 're being attacked ... I saw the last helicopter . It was flying very low . Initially I was too afraid to get out . I was very terrified , " she said . U.S. officials said they used a number of methods to identify the body as bin Laden . One official said it was clear to the assault force that the body matched bin Laden 's description , but they used "  facial recognition work , amongst other things , to confirm the identity . " A senior national security official told CNN that they had multiple confirmations that the body was bin Laden , saying they had the "  ability to run images of the body and the face . " Another U.S. official told CNN that bin Laden has already been buried at sea . His body was handled in the Islamic tradition , said the official , who did not elaborate . A senior administration official also said bin Laden 's body would be "  handled in accordance with Islamic practice and tradition . This is something that we take very seriously , and so therefore this is being handled in an appropriate manner . " According to the senior administration officials , intelligence work determined at the beginning of 2011 that bin Laden might be located at the compound in Pakistan . By mid-February , the intelligence was considered strong enough to begin considering action pledged by Obama when bin Laden 's whereabouts had been determined . To discuss that intelligence and develop a plan , Obama chaired five National Security Council meetings from mid-March until late April , with the last two on April 19 and April 28 -- last Thursday . The next day , on Friday , Obama gave the order for the mission , the officials said . A U.S. official said multiple options were considered before settling on the assault . "  A bombing would not have risked American lives but it might have left questions " as to whether Bin Laden was killed , the official said . National security officials widely agreed "  the best option is the one that gives proof , " the official said . The key break involved one of the few couriers trusted by bin Laden , according to the officials . About two years ago , intelligence work identified where the courier and his brother lived and operated in Pakistan , and it took until August of last year to find the compound in Abbottabad , they said . "  When we saw the compound where the brothers lived , we were shocked by what we saw -- an extraordinarily unique compound , " one senior administration official said . "  The compound sits on a large plot of land in an area that was relatively secluded when it was built . It is roughly eight times larger than the other homes in the area . " Noting that the courier and his brother had no discernible source of wealth to live at such a property , intelligence analysts concluded the compound was "  custom-built to hide someone of extraordinary significance , " the official said , adding : "  Everything was consistent with what experts thought Osama bin Laden 's compound would look like . " U.S. forces also recovered what a senior intelligence official is calling "  quite a bit of material . " "  There 's a robust collection of materials we need to sift through , and we hope to find valuable intelligence that will lead us to other players in al Qaeda , " the senior intelligence official said . A task force has been set up "  because of the sheer volume of material collected . That material is currently being exploited and analyzed , " the official added . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Ed Henry , Tom Cohen , Elise Labott , Pam Benson , Dana Bash , Chris Lawrence and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report	NEW : A senior official says "  Geronimo " was code for the capturing or killing of bin Laden NEW : The woman killed during the operation may not have been bin Laden 's wife Authorities call the raid a surgical strike Sources say bin Laden resisted the assault and was shot in a firefight
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli Military said Thursday that the "  vast majority " of Palestinians killed in the recent Gaza conflict were "  terror operatives " and the number of people killed was less than Palestinian sources reported . Israel says the majority of Palestinians killed during "  Operation Cast Lead " were "  terror operatives . " In an e-mailed statement the Israel Defense Forces spokesman 's office claimed their figures contained the names of 1,166 Palestinians killed in the conflict , called "  Operation Cast Lead . " The Israeli military said 709 of them were "  identified as Hamas terror operatives , among them several from various other terror organizations . " The remaining , the statement claims , were comprised of 162 names who "  have not yet been attributed to any organization . " "  Furthermore , it has come to our understanding that 295 uninvolved Palestinians were killed during the operation , 89 of them under the age of 16 , and 49 of them were women . " The Israeli military said it was releasing the findings to counter "  false information originating from various Palestinian sources , and in order to remove any doubt regarding the number of Palestinians killed in Operation Cast Lead . " The numbers presented by the Israeli military differ sharply from those reported by Palestinian sources . At the conclusion of the fighting , the Hamas controlled Ministry of Health in Gaza had put the death toll at over 1,300 , with the majority made up of non-combatants . More recently the Palestinian Center for Human Rights  PCHR  published a study that put the total death toll at 1,417 , including 926 civilians of which 313 were children under the age of 18 and 116 women . It reports that the remainder was made of 255 "  non-combatant " police officers and 236 who were took "  an active part in hostilities . " Jaber Wishah , a deputy director for PCHR told CNN his organization "  stands firmly on our published figures " and that Israel 's choice to classify police officers as combatants is "  illegal . " "  Such classification constitutes a willful violation of the principle of ` distinction ' which is a key component of customary international law . This raises serious doubts about the accuracy of the figures published by the Israelis , " he said . Wishah said the civilian death toll included "  large numbers of deaths inside people 's homes and other civilian facilities " and that it indicated "  the extent to which civilians were intentionally targeted . " Wishah said that until the Israeli government produced the names and details on which its figures were based that he could not comment further . The Israeli military has maintained that it went to great lengths to minimize civilian deaths and put the responsibility of civilian deaths on Hamas . "  The Hamas terror organization placed the primary fighting scene at the heart of civilian neighborhoods as it booby-trapped homes , fired from schools and used civilians as human shields , " the IDF said . Asked about the discrepancy in numbers , an Israeli military official suggested that natural occurring deaths in Gaza had been included in the Palestinian death toll numbers and that the total ratio of non-combatant to combatants killed was low . A spokesman for the Israeli military said it could not immediately make the list of killed Palestinians available and could not offer more detail on methodology .	Israel : "  Vast majority " of Palestinians killed in Gaza were "  terror operatives " Military says number of people killed less than Palestinian sources reported Israel says 1,166 died , with 709 "  identified as Hamas terror operatives "
Washington  CNN  -- The plot sounds like something plucked from today 's headlines : foreign hostages , terrorism , presidential power and American diplomatic relations with the Middle East . But the nation 's first war on terror was waged by Thomas Jefferson , not George W. Bush or Barack Obama . In place of al Qaeda or ISIS , Jefferson was fighting the Barbary pirates . In Jefferson 's time , European powers conceded to terrorism by paying annual tribute and ransom to groups like the Barbary pirates , according to Robert F. Turner , co-founder of the Center for National Security Law and professor of American Foreign Policy . Once the American colonies gained independence from Britain , their ships were left without protection from piracy at sea . As American commerce began to increase , the Barbary states targeted American merchant vessels that traveled the seas without a strong naval defense . Ransom payments Jefferson believed paying ransom to terrorist organizations was a sign of weakness as a nation . "  Some leaders wanted to pay ransom to get hostages back or pay tribute so they -LSB- Barbary pirates -RSB- would n't take further hostages , " Turner said . "  Jefferson was a lover of peace , but he was not one to believe that peace would be preserved by weakness . We had to show strength . " In 1801 , pirates across the coast of Tripoli continued to seize American ships and use force to take Americans hostage . "  Jefferson learned of how brutally Western prisoners were being held . They were kept in chains , dungeons , their life span was not long , and a lot of them were dying in prison , " Turner said . The pirates of Tripoli declared war on the United States in May 1801 , according to a chapter written by Turner and published in The Chicago Journal of International Law . Even before his presidency , Jefferson , as secretary of state , argued that his nation should not offer money to terrorists . It 's a principle that persists in America 's battle against ISIS . Today , 62 % of Americans oppose paying ransom to ISIS , according to a Reuters-IPSOS poll of 4,685 American adults . The U.S. government paid ransom to free Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from the Taliban , but if those type of negotiations are being held with ISIS , it has not been made public . ISIS seems to be making a statement with its hostages . Congressional vote In a recent address to the nation , Obama told the American people that we will "  degrade and ultimately destroy ISIS . " Even though he said he did n't need it , he asked for Congress ' vote of approval . In the meantime , Obama ordered military strikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . A survey released by CNN indicates "  more than seven in 10 Americans think Obama should ask Congress for the ability to strike ISIS militarily . And eight in 10 Americans support Congress approving military force against ISIS . " But Congress has left Washington to prepare for midterm elections , so any special authority will come after the fact . In 1801 , Jefferson sent a similar message to the American people . Without congressional approval , Turner said , Jefferson sent a small squadron of ships to the Mediterranean to battle the Barbary pirates . Jefferson ordered naval leaders to "  protect our commerce and chastise their insolence -- by sinking , burning or destroying their ships and vessels wherever you shall find them , " according to U.S. naval documents . The first time Congress was officially notified of Jefferson 's plan , which deployed two-thirds of America 's naval forces into battle with the enemy , was after the fact , in his first annual message to Congress on December 8 , 1801 . "  Jefferson 's belief was that when war is declared against the United States we do n't need Congress ' approval to fight back , " said Turner . In Jefferson 's address to Congress he wrote that , "  Unauthorized by the Constitution , without the sanction of Congress , to go out beyond the line of defense , " he deployed American naval forces into battle . Boots on the ground With such a strong and pressing enemy threatening the United States , Jefferson eventually sent American naval forces into harm 's way to fight . "  I 'm a believer . I think we ought to be looking for a way to be getting their -LSB- ISIS ' -RSB- attention . It was a widely held opinion to send ships to the Mediterranean , during Jefferson 's presidency , because everyone thought , wow , this is outrageous what they 're doing to us , " Turner said . Today , Obama faces the pressures of not putting American troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria . While 76 % favor American airstrikes against ISIS , 61 % of Americans oppose putting U.S. soldiers on the ground in Iraq and Syria , according to a poll released by CNN earlier this month . The fight against terror is nothing new for the United States . With many similarities dating back to the early 1800s , today Obama has vital decisions to make . Although the President 's strategy to defeat ISIS is gradually emerging , America 's ability to grow as a nation emanates from the valuable lessons the country learned so early in its existence .	President Obama launched strikes on ISIS in Syria without congressional approval Thomas Jefferson launched war on the Barbary pirates without congressional approval The conflict over protecting shipping routes was America 's first war on terror
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's top military man warned Monday of a potentially dangerous gulf between the civilian world and men and women in uniform . Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said most Americans know "  precious little " about the military . "  To the degree we are out of touch I believe it is a very dangerous force , " Mullen said in a speech to a conference on military professionalism at the National Defense University in Washington . The disconnect between the civilian and military worlds is partially because only a fraction of the population serves and those in uniform increasingly hail from fewer , primarily rural , areas of the country , Mullen said . "  Our audience , our underpinnings , our authority , everything we are , everything we do , comes from the American people , " Mullen said . "  Fundamentally I believe that . Everything we do , and we can not afford to be out of touch with them . " Fewer Americans have personal contact with members of the military , he said . "  They know that we are in two wars , we 've sacrificed a lot , lost a lot of people , over 5,500 people . They are very supportive of that , " Mullen said . "  They care a lot about great young men and women that they know . Many of them do n't know that many , and it just speaks to the disconnect . " The comments echo that of Defense Secretary Robert Gates who , in a September speech , told a college audience the volunteer forces carry an unfair burden in fighting the protracted wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Whatever their fond sentiments for men and women in uniform , for most Americans the wars remain an abstraction , a distant and unpleasant series of news items that do not affect them personally , " Gates said at Duke University . "  Even 9/11 , in the absence of a draft , for a growing number of Americans , service in the military , no matter how laudable , has become something for other people to do . " Mullen was one of the movers behind the day-long conference at the National Defense University . He used the span of his own career to show how public support for the military had risen dramatically from the lows of the Vietnam era . "  American people are extraordinarily supportive of our men and women ... there is a sea of good will , " he said . The military must work to build and sustain trust or risk negative consequences , he said . Mullen predicted , " We will find out that , yes we are less than 1 % and we are living in fewer and fewer places and we do n't know the American people and the American people do n't know us . "	Fewer people serve from fewer parts of the country , Mullen says Wars remain an abstraction for most Americans , he says "  We can not afford to be out of touch with them "
CNN  -- From wireless heated insoles to a flu-fighting sorbet , here are five techie , tasty , positive ways to stay warm and healthy this winter . 1 . WarmME WARM MOUSE : Infrared heated mouse For those of us who work in an office , cold hands are no excuse for typos and gloves can make typing a nightmare . But where there 's a will , there 's a way , right ? Well , here 's a spin on one of our most ubiquitous office tools . ValueRays has created a mouse with embedded infrared heaters powered through its USB cord . The product 's website says WarmMe is a passive therapy device that helps "  ease joint pain " and "  promote healthy and flexible joints . " Now , if only we can address that other hand that does n't use the mouse all day . 2 . ThermaCELL Heated Insoles : Remote-controlled foot warmers Got cold feet ? No folks , this is n't the answer to your wedding day jitters . These heated insoles from ThermaCELL are designed to help keep your toes warm and make outdoor activities more enjoyable . A wireless remote control allows you to adjust the heat to a desired temperature . They even use rechargeable lithium-ion batteries . In terms of comfort and durability , the lightweight cushions are actually designed to provide additional shock absorption and can run continuously for up to five hours . If layering your socks is n't doing the trick , this sounds promising . 3 . Nest : The smart thermostat that learns from you Smartphone-controlled products like LED lightbulbs and door locks are helping us control our homes with the click of a button . But is there anything worse than waking up in the morning in a freezing cold home ? Thankfully , as our everyday appliances get smarter , so can our thermostats . Nest , the learning thermostat , can be programmed to perfectly match your daily activities . Unique presets allow it to "  learn " when you 're in or out and make changes by itself to make you more comfortable . Of course , you also can operate it from your phone . The product claims to help you save up to 20 % on your heating and cooling bills , while ensuring the house is always warm when you get out of bed . 4 . Jeni 's Splendid Ice Cream : Influenza sorbet It 's hard to even think about being productive when you 're suffering from the flu , not to mention having to choke down those bitter remedies stockpiled in your medicine cabinet . Jeni 's Splendid Ice Creams says it has created a sweeter "  flu-season fix . " The Ohio-based company produces Influenza sorbet to fight symptoms such as sore throat , body aches and stuffiness . Inspired by a family remedy , this frozen dessert contains cayenne pepper , ginger , Maker 's Mark bourbon , honey and other herbal ingredients aimed at treating those aches and pains of sickness . " ` Cures ' whatever ails you , " the company 's website says . Well , at the least it might help you forget those flu-like symptoms momentarily . 5 . Kellogg 's : A plan to stick to your New Year 's resolutions You know the story : it 's a new year , health and fitness are at the top of your resolutions list , then it all dies down after a month or two . To reverse the trend , the Gains Project by Kellogg 's is looking to inspire people by asking "  What will you gain when you lose ? " The initiative is rooted in the belief that positive thinkers are more likely to see success with weight management efforts . Users are asked to choose a word tied to a positive feeling or milestone -- confidence , passion , joy -- as a way to encourage themselves before they start on their Special K challenge . When you upload your photo and goal to the "  What Will You Gain Gallery , " you can even watch a motivational video starring you . Have you tried these products ? Would you ? Share your thoughts in the comments !	Heated mouse aims to keep you warm in the office when gloves are n't an option "  Influenza sorbet " of cayenne , ginger , Maker 's Mark , claims to help cure the flu Nest , the learning thermostat , can be programmed to match your daily activities
Those who know him call him the "  gentlest person , " but campus police said Monday that a 23-year-old student at a San Antonio-area Christian college took an officer 's police baton and struck him before the officer fatally shot him . There is no dashboard video available , according to the university . The incident began when Cpl. Christopher Carter , a police officer with the University of the Incarnate Word in Alamo Heights , saw Robert Cameron Redus near campus "  driving erratically at a high rate of speed " Friday , a university statement said . "  Carter was obligated to pull the suspect over to ensure the public 's safety , " the statement said . Redus pulled into an apartment complex , and Carter followed , mistakenly reporting the wrong street location to police dispatchers , which prompted his call to be routed from the Alamo Heights Police Department to its San Antonio counterparts , the statement said . This caused a delay of several minutes in response time . "  During the wait for assistance , the officer tried to restrain the suspect who repeatedly resisted , " the statement said . "  During the struggle , the officer attempted to subdue the suspect with his baton . ... The baton was taken by the suspect who used it to hit the officer . "  The officer drew his firearm and was able to knock the baton from the suspect who continued to resist arrest . Shots were fired . " Redus did not identify himself , the university said , and there is "  no evidence " the officer knew he was a student or where Redus lived . University police vehicles are typically equipped with dashboard cameras , but Carter 's vehicle joined the fleet two days before the incident , and its camera fell off the next day when a temperature change prevented the glue from setting , the school said . "  Officers had made arrangements to have it remounted , " the statement said . Carter , who has "  an extensive law enforcement background , " has been placed on administrative leave -- standard procedure in these types of incidents , a university statement said , adding that all campus officers "  are licensed and trained as certified peace officers by the state of Texas . " Friends at the school say the Cameron Redus they know is n't the type to attack police . They knew a student who made the dean 's list at the Catholic college and had been co-valedictorian of a Christian high school back home in Baytown , Texas . They knew a fun-loving campus television news anchor who was "  the sweetest , kindest , gentlest person , " as friend Annie Jones described him to CNN affiliate WOAI-TV . A resident of Redus ' apartment complex , 22-year-old Mohammad Haidarasl , told the San Antonio Express-News that Redus was his upstairs neighbor . Haidarasl told the paper he was on his apartment sofa at 2 a.m. when he heard noise outside , and a voice he believes to have been the officer 's saying , "  Stop resisting , stop resisting . " The newspaper quoted Haidarasl as saying he thought he heard a struggle and "  Then the cop said , ` I 'm going to shoot . ' " A male voice replied , " ` Oh , you 're gon na shoot me ? ' like sarcastic almost , " Haidarasl said . Less than a minute later , he said , he heard shots . Alamo Heights police acknowledged the officer fired several shots . But they would not discuss other details of the alleged struggle , citing the ongoing investigation . The university said it was awaiting the results of the Alamo Heights police probe , which is being conducted with assistance from the Texas Rangers . Redus ' family released a statement to CNN affiliate KENS-TV saying , "  We are understandably devastated by the death of our dear son Cameron and we ask for your prayers as we deal with our tragic loss . We trust that God is faithful and will see us through this most difficult time . " University President Lou Agnese said in a statement released to WOAI , "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the student and officer involved in this incident . " The university released a statement saying it , too , "  is deeply upset over the loss of life regardless of the circumstances . " It further said this was the first shooting in university history . Hundreds of people , including relatives of Redus , gathered at the university 's convocation center Saturday for a vigil . Students brought a slideshow of Redus in happy poses . "  It makes me feel better that we 've got a lot of support for Cameron , " classmate Albert Salinas said outside the event in an interview with CNN affiliate KSAT-TV . But they left with no better idea of what happened to their friend . Shooting leaves 2 high-schoolers dead at house party near Houston	Student hit police officer with officer 's own baton , university says University says Cpl. Christopher Carter now on administrative leave Police : Campus officer said Robert Cameron Redus struggled with him Friends : Redus was co-valedictorian of Christian high school
San Jose , California  CNN  -- Apple , one of the most famously secretive companies in the world , is giving the public a rare peek into how it makes and markets its products . Two major Apple executives took the stand at the Apple patent trial against Samsung Friday in San Jose , California , discussing the history of the iPhone and iPad and the impact of Samsung on the company . Apple is suing Samsung for $ 2.5 billion , claiming it copied the design of the iPhone and iPad . Samsung is countersuing Apple for patent infringement and seeks a portion of all iPhone and iPad profits . Phil Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of marketing , and Scott Forstall , senior vice president of iOS , both talked about how the iPhone came to be , sharing some color about the device 's early days . The origin stories were meant to depict the iPhone as an original , breakthrough technology and show that developing it was a risky undertaking for the company . Addressing attorney behavior The day began with Judge Lucy Koh taking the attorneys to task for recent behavior , including "  messy " objections and possible jury tainting . Earlier in the week , Samsung released documents to the press that the court had already decided should not be seen by the jury . "  I will not let any theatrics or any sideshow distract us from what we are here to do , " said Judge Koh before asking each member of the jury if they had seen any of the press coverage of the case . One juror admitted to seeing headlines , but all said they could still be fair and impartial . Judge Koh promised to print out and collate every article about the case to give to the jurors when the trial is over in exchange for their cooperation in avoiding the news until then . "  We can scrapbook it for you , whatever you like , " she promised . Remembering a secretive start Schiller said the company was high on the success of the iPod in 2004 and trying to think of what to do next . Executives threw out many ideas : "  Make a camera , make a car , crazy stuff . We were searching for what to do , " said Schiller . "  We all had cell phones and we all hated our cell phones , " said Forstall , who was in charge of the iPhone 's user interface and operating system . Apple was already experimenting with touchscreen tablet designs when top executives , including Steve Jobs , thought to use that technology and make a phone instead . The group began prototyping and a super-secret project was born . Jobs split the work between separate groups : hardware , design and Forstall 's software group . Jobs told Forstall he could only hire existing Apple employees to work on the phone , dubbed the Purple Project , and employees were not told what they were working on or who it was for . A floor of one of Apple 's Cupertino buildings was locked down tight , with security cameras and multiple badge readers . They called it the "  Purple Dorm " and "  The Fight Club " motto was posted on the door . "  The first rule of Purple Project is that you do not talk about it outside of those doors , " said Forstall . Damage done Schiller accused Samsung of "  ripping off " the iPhone and iPad design , and said the imitations could confuse consumers and create problems for the Apple marketing team . When he first saw the Samsung Galaxy S , Schiller said he was shocked at how much it had copied Apple products . Asked what he felt when the Galaxy Tab came out , Schiller said : "  Even more shock . My first thought was they 've done it again , they 're just going to copy our whole product line . " Apple spent more than $ 647 million marketing the iPhone in the United States , and $ 457 million on the iPad in the U.S. . It has spent money marketing the device in a number of ways , including billboards , magazines , bus shelters and product placement in movies and TV shows . According to Apple , a consumer could easily mistake the similar-looking Samsung products for an iPhone when briefly spotting it -- zipping by a billboard on a highway or in a 30-second TV spot -- and could accidentally buy a the competing gadget . Apple and Samsung products are sold at many of the same stores , including Wal-Mart , Verizon , AT&T and Best Buy . Apple is not exactly hurting for sales . The financial success of Apple 's iPhone line is the stuff of Silicon Valley legend . Schiller said there was even an internal joke that "  each new generation sold was approximately equal to all the previous generations combined . " But part of that continued success is the halo effect -- customers buy their first product with a company and , when they have a positive experience , continue to buy related products and stick with the ecosystem . Schiller said losing one customer who is confused and buys the wrong device is n't about the one smartphone or tablet . That could be a lost customer for years because they would be inclined to stick with whatever hardware and software ecosystem they started in . "  I absolutely believe it 's had an impact on our sales , " Schiller said . Fighting over features A seemingly small feature developed and then patented by Forstall 's software group was the focus of much attention in the courtroom . The feature lets users double-tap on a Web page to zoom in just to an exact area of text . An early selling point for the iPhone was that it let you see the "  whole Web " instead of the bare-bones version of the Internet phones typically accessed at the time . This type of zooming was key to making the full sites usable on the iPhone 's screen . Schiller was asked by Samsung 's council about the rounded corners on the iPhone , and if they were chosen because they were necessary for the phone to easily fit into a user 's pocket . Samsung has argued that Apple does not have a monopoly over the rectangle-with-rounded-corners design on smartphones . Later in the day , Justin Denison , Samsung 's chief strategy officer , testified that there are common industry reasons for phones to have rounded corners , including feeling more natural in the hand , fitting into pockets and withstanding drops better . Much of the case hinges on Apple 's claim that Samsung imitated the design of Apple iOS products , including those rounded corners . Schiller read from internal Apple customer surveys that found a large percentage of customers cite design as a reason for choosing Apple devices . Foreshadowing One of the more exciting e-mails put into evidence could show what 's to come next from Apple . In January 2011 , Eddy Cue , Apple 's senior vice president of Internet services , forwarded Forstall , Cook and Schiller an article about switching from the iPad to Samsung 's Galaxy Tab 7-inch tablet . "  I believe there will be a 7-inch market and we should do one , " said Cue . Forstall testified that Cue had used the Galaxy Tab in the past , and it 's been widely rumored that Apple is working on a 7-inch version of the iPad to be announced in September . While details about Apple 's past products have been flowing , very little has emerged about any future gadgets the company may be working on . Samsung 's own counsel could n't resist trying to get secrets out of Schiller , asking the executive if the design of the iPhone 5 would be changed from the 4S . Schiller declined to comment .	Apple-Samsung patent trial brings out some secrets An e-mail reveals Apple may be working on a 7-inch tablet The companies are suing each other over product design and patents Development of the original iPhone was co-named the "  Purple Project "
CNN  -- As Hurricane Frank gained strength far from land over the Pacific Ocean on Thursday morning , southern Mexico dealt with the aftermath of the system 's assault on the mainland earlier in the week . Frank was packing sustained winds of 80 mph , according to the National Hurricane Center 's latest "  tropical weather discussion . " The hurricane was about 380 miles  610 kilometers  south of the southern tip of Baja California , the center 's 11 a.m. Thursday advisory said . Hurricane center meteorologists predicted the system 's strength -- currently Category 1  74 to 95 mph  -- would change little Thursday , and then would gradually begin weakening on Friday . But Frank had already done plenty of damage -- and as a tropical storm  39 to 73 mph sustained winds  , no less -- before growing into a hurricane . Four people died and at least 30,000 residents in southern Mexico were affected by heavy rain and winds from the former Tropical Storm Frank , the government-run Notimex news agency said Wednesday . The deaths and damage occurred in Oaxaca state , on Mexico 's Pacific coast , Notimex said . A mudslide in the municipality of Totontepec Villa de Morelos killed two farm workers , the news agency said . A mudslide in another part of Oaxaca caused at least six vehicles to drive off Federal Highway 182 , leading to another two deaths , Notimex said . Several rain-swollen rivers -- including the Valle Nacional and the Atoyac -- overflowed their banks , affecting at least 10,000 people and leading to the loss of 4 tons of corn and 50 head of cattle , it said . Hundreds of people have been evacuated and placed in temporary shelters , officials said . In the nearby state of Tabasco , also in southern Mexico but on the Gulf of Mexico coast , heavy rain affected 48 localities and nearly 7,700 people , Notimex said . Frank is the third hurricane in the Pacific Ocean this year , following Celia and Darby . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report	NEW : Hurricane Frank is about 380 miles south of Baja California , with 80 mph winds It is expected to gradually weaken starting Friday Two Frank-related mudslides caused four deaths in southern Mexico 's Oaxaca state Frank is the third hurricane in the Pacific Ocean in 2010
CNN  -- In the dystopian future imagined within the popular Terminator franchise , robots learn to think , self-replicate and eventually kill their human masters . While this bleak vision assumes a number of seemingly distant technological and political developments , some ideas currently driving robotics research may , for some , bear an uncomfortable resemblance to those of the 80s sci-fi smash . In particular , one area where life seems to be imitating art is the fledgling field of ` swarm robotics ' , in which scientists are creating teams of robots that can work together toward a single goal -- from mending a leak to clearing mines -- with minimal or no input from humans . Much of the research is based on the observed behavior of ` eusocial ' insects -- such as ants , bees and termites -- who work collectively on complex tasks without central management or higher order intelligence . Consider for a moment a typical termite nest -- with its labyrinth of chambers and intersecting corridors . It 's built entirely by vast teams of micro-sized , speck-brained creatures  no disrespect  -- without so much as a blueprint to work from . So , the question for researchers is : how can we emulate this type of behavior in robots to help us solve problems and generally make our lives easier ? Recently , researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  unveiled 'M - blocks ' - robots that can assemble themselves into different shapes to perform a range of basic tasks , without input from a human controller . While M-Blocks may not look particularly inspiring , the way they reshape is the first step toward a future where robots rebuild themselves to solve new problems . An M-Blocks-based robot working underwater might make itself narrow to fit through a deep sea crevasse , or a tiny team of medical robots could spread themselves flat to plug a gap in the human heart -- all without having been pre-programmed to do so . At the moment researchers are still working to make teams of robots complete more basic tasks . Sheffield University researchers , for example , are using swarms of robots to fetch , carry and push objects in unison . Dr Roderich Gross , head of the Natural Robotics Lab at the University of Sheffield , says : "  We are developing artificial intelligence to control robots in a variety of ways . The key is to work out what is the minimum amount of information needed by the robot to accomplish its task . That 's important because it means the robot may not need any memory , and possibly not even a processing unit , so this technology could work for nanoscale robots -- for example in medical applications . " Some of the most interesting applications for swarm robotics exist where robots go beyond the realm of easy human reach , say into space or under the sea , or -- as Gross says -- inside the human body to perform medical tasks at a microscopic or ` nano ' scale . Aaron Becker , a postdoctoral researcher at Rice University has been working on an experiment  that you can join in here  to test different ways swarm robots can be deployed , with a view to seeing ` nano-robots ' eventually used in medical operations . The project seeks to demonstrate how teams of robots could be utilized with minimal input from the outside world , possibly beneath the surface of the skin in a bid to tackle disease . But how might this be done ? Researchers at the Nanorobotics Laboratory in Montreal are looking at using swarms of miniature drones to fight pathogens within the human body . Sylvain Martel , the laboratory 's Research Chair , believes that preliminary research conducted in his lab could lead to future treatments where small magnetic robots are inserted into the body to fight cancer . Other researchers are investigating ways to use swarming robots in diagnosis , so that problems are detected before they become life threatening . Becker believes that in future , swarms of nano-robots might even come to be used in surgery : "  If we can shrink the surgeon and their tools while maintaining their effectiveness , non-invasive surgery could revolutionize health care . I want to be a part of that dream , " Becker says . Jan Carlo Barca , a member of the Swarm Robotics Laboratory at Monash University in Melbourne , Australia says that there are plenty of worthy applications for swarm robots , but some scientists working in the field worry that their research may end up being used for military purposes : "  Some potential application areas for swarms of robots are : cooperative search in disaster sites to support rescue efforts , pollution detection and monitoring , mine clearing , exploration , mapping and dynamic motion capture for the film industry , " he says . "  However , all this comes at a cost as this technology also will be exploited by defense agencies all over the world .  For example  the U.S. Defense Force has investigated how the hunting strategies of wolf packs , coyotes and killer whales can be used in military contexts . The Israeli Defense Force is also investigating how one can use miniature robotic mosquitoes in the same context . " And while the apocalyptic events of James Cameron 's Terminator 2 : Judgment Day are relatively unlikely , it is reassuring that many within the swarm robotics community are determined that their work will be applied to the right ends : "  The big challenge , " Barca says , "  is not only to formulate technologies that can be used in the real world , but also to ensure that swarm robotics technology will be used for the betterment of mankind . "	Scientists are building robots that can work in teams ` Swarm robots ' operate like hive insects such as ants , termites or bees MIT 's M-blocks robot can self-assemble to solve different problems Swarm robots could be used in search and rescue , medicine and space exploration
CNN  -- This is for those who stayed . For the ones who , regardless of the reason , never picked up and moved . This is for those who right now are right where they always have been . Who are n't going home for the holidays , because home is where they already are . This week the airports , highways , train stations and bus depots will be jammed . Americans , as they always are in the week leading up to Christmas , are on the move . Many are heading home . So this may be as good a time as any to reflect on what that word -- "  home " -- means . When people eagerly head home for the holidays , what is their true destination ? It is n't merely geographic . When you set foot again in the place you 're from , it 's not the street signs that warm you , or the sight of the public library or the town hall . Those are reminders , guideposts -- but that 's not why you 're there . Home feels the way it does because of the people who never left -- the people who , with gratitude , you can count on , the family and friends you 're coming home to . Without them , it 's just a dot on a map . They 're the ones who are too often taken for granted . The ones who , in an era of constant transience and relentless motion , elected long ago , for their own good reasons , against being footloose . Who dropped anchor early , and stayed put while others were departing . Just how taken for granted are they ? The U.S. Census Bureau , which keeps track of seemingly everything , does n't keep track of them . Robert B. Bernstein , a Census official , told me that there are no figures available for the number of people who have stayed in the same town for their entire lives . But there are clues -- clues about the impulse for allegiance -- to be found in related census data that Bernstein and I delved into together . Fifty-nine percent of Americans live in the same state where they were born . Midwesterners are the most loyal to where they come from : 70.2 percent live in the state of their birth . The Western states manage to keep only 49.3 percent of those who were born there . If you live in Louisiana , you 're among the 78.8 percent of . your fellow residents who were born there , the highest percentage in the U.S. , followed by Michigan at 76.6 percent and Ohio at 75.1 percent . Nevada has the lowest percentage of people born there : 24.3 , followed by Florida , next-lowest , with 35.2 percent and Arizona with 37.7 percent . Nationwide , according to the most recent census numbers available , 45.3 million people live in a different house from the one where they lived a year ago , and 6.7 million of them live in a different state . Perhaps the most beloved holiday movie is "  It 's a Wonderful Life , " in which George Bailey , played by Jimmy Stewart , is a man who never moved away from Bedford Falls , and who is not without occasional pangs of regret about it . Generations of audiences have silently cheered for him . But the Jimmy Stewart character had a motion-picture camera trained on him ; in real life , the men and women who stay often do so with no audience to applaud their fidelity to place . We live in a society in which wanderlust is considered an unchallenged virtue . For generations , it has been said approvingly that someone has "  set off to make it big , " has "  gone off to conquer the world . " Getting out , seeking fresh horizons , has been made a celebrated and acclaimed goal , seldom questioned . And those who stay behind ? They do so for a variety of reasons : genuine love of a place ; family obligations ; a job that feels steady and safe . You sense , though , that some who stay may , like George Bailey , from time to time have second thoughts . Were they reluctant to roll the dice ? Did an opportunity somewhere bigger and brighter open and then close before they worked up the resolve to say yes ? Did they tell themselves that tomorrow they would make the grand move so many times that all the tomorrows finally ran out ? Every person has his or her own answer . In these December weeks , in town after American town , people will come home for the holidays , and it will feel like home because of the faces that remain there , the voices that are so familiar . Do those who stay ever ask themselves whether they have missed out on something in the wider world beyond ? Perhaps . Human nature dictates that we often fixate on the path not taken . But a town would not be a town were it not for those who vote in favor of it every day of their lives with their continued presence , who make it feel solid and permanent not just because they know the place so well , but because they know themselves just as well , and are confident enough in who they are that they do n't necessarily have to look elsewhere for affirmation . The world changes and becomes barely recognizable ; even the tiniest towns transform themselves over time . If you 're heading home for the holidays this week , you may notice that the old movie theater is a coffee shop now , or that the pharmacy has become a bank branch . The sight of those faces , though , older but somehow forever young ; the sound of those voices , voices you would know if you heard them anywhere on the planet , but that , now and always , are specific to this one and only place ... This is a time , and a season , to be thankful for those voices . For those faces . For the ones who chose to stay . As the holidays arrive , you may be coming home . They -- in every way that counts -- are home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says people going home for the holidays look forward to familiar faces He says sometimes people take for granted those who choose not to move away Those who stay may have regrets , but they are the solid foundation of communities Greene : When we go home , we should be thankful for the people who already are home
CNN  -- The "  tweet heard round the world " was followed by the sound of a slamming door Saturday . Media company IAC has "  parted ways " with company PR executive Justine Sacco over her tweet : "  Going to Africa . Hope I do n't get AIDS . Just kidding . I 'm white ! " "  The offensive comment does not reflect the views and values of IAC . We take this issue very seriously , and we have parted ways with the employee in question , " an IAC spokesman said in a statement . "  There is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made and we condemn them unequivocally , " he said . "  We hope , however , that time and action , and the forgiving human spirit , will not result in the wholesale condemnation of an individual who we have otherwise known to be a decent person at core . " Sacco did not immediately respond to messages left by CNN . The tweet Sacco sent before she left Friday for Cape Town , South Africa , went viral and created a social media firestorm . The incident -- Boing Boing called it "  the tweet heard round the world " -- was a glaring reminder that every word uttered on the Internet can be heard by seemingly everyone on the Internet , sometimes with serious consequences . Sacco was the head of corporate communications for IAC , the media company chaired by Barry Diller that operates websites such as The Daily Beast , About.com , CollegeHumor and Match.com . Her whole job revolved around communicating with reporters -- which made her Twitter comment about Africa all the more shocking . Sacco was in London and about to begin a long vacation in South Africa when she wrote the message . Her Twitter account was relatively obscure when she posted it -- fewer than 500 people were following it . But the message went viral on Friday , unbeknownst to Sacco , who apparently did not have Internet access on her flight . Websites such as Valleywag and Buzzfeed highlighted Sacco 's account , and soon it had thousands of followers -- and thousands of harsh replies directed at it . Some were downright hateful . Others said they felt sorry for Sacco , regardless of how offensive her Twitter message was , because she had n't had a chance to defend herself during the 12-hour flight . As Twitter observers parsed through her public posts , many were disturbed by her previous messages .  "  I had a sex dream about an autistic kid last night , " she once wrote . Her account was a laundry list of banal complaints about poor customer service and other apparent indignities . "  It seems she has left a trail of casual racism across social media on her various travels , " Chris Taylor , a writer for Mashable , opined . Still , Taylor wrote , "  it was hard to ignore a disturbing feeling in the mob 's response " to the Twitter messages "  and something creepy in the trial by social media that was going on in her absence . " On Friday afternoon , with hours to go before she landed , another corporate communications representative for IAC issued a statement that tried to address the online controversy . "  This is an outrageous , offensive comment that does not reflect the views and values of IAC , " the company said . "  Unfortunately , the employee in question is unreachable on an international flight , but this is a very serious matter and we are taking appropriate action . " The statement led many to believe that Sacco would be reprimanded or even terminated when she landed in South Africa . Parody accounts started to appear on Twitter and Facebook that portrayed Sacco as a mean , bitter person . On Friday evening a Twitter hashtag , #HasJustineLandedYet , became a running commentary about Sacco ; some people observed that she 'd have to put her crisis communications expertise to the test to save her own career . Meanwhile , other Twitter users started scoping out Sacco 's past messages and flagged other questionable comments she 'd made before , like this one : "  I ca n't be fired for things I say while intoxicated right ? " All of those messages disappeared , though , early on Saturday , when someone -- presumably Sacco -- deleted her Twitter account . IAC had no immediate comment about how or why her account was removed . Some good does seem to have come out of the incident , at least . Advocates for AIDS relief set up websites to encourage donations ; one of the sites read , "  The AIDS epidemic is bigger than a tweet from a person in PR . If we want real change , we need to think beyond Justine . Let 's turn that anger into something tangible . "	PR executive no longer works for IAC Corporate communications head was on 12-hour flight when tweet went viral Justine Sacco 's Twitter account was deleted Saturday IAC says , "  There is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made "
CNN  -- A volcano erupted Thursday in Guatemala , prompting officials to evacuate 35,000 residents , a spokeswoman for the Red Cross told CNN . The "  Volcan de Fuego , " or Fire Volcano , began spewing ash at 10 a.m. and was continuing to belch forth late in the afternoon near the country 's former capital , Antigua , said Carmen Maria Caballero of the Guatemalan Red Cross . CNN iReporter Harby David Marroquin had been working at a nearby golf course when he saw nature 's pyrotechnics and shot video on his iPhone . It showed white smoke pouring out of the top of the 3,763-meter  12,346-foot  volcano . Listening to the volcano gives him peace of mind , Marroquin said . "  You feel an indescribable energy , and this time was no different . " iReport : Are you there ? Send us your photos , videos Ten shelters , each able to house some 200 people , were opened in the affected villages , Caballero said . Most evacuees were staying with friends or relatives , she said . Residents within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of the volcano were being taken from the affected zone in buses and private cars , she said . Ash was falling up to 40 kilometers  25 miles  from the volcano . Several people were treated at mobile health centers for respiratory problems ; one person was hospitalized in critical condition , according to Caballero . Another Red Cross spokesman , Vinicio Sarazua Santillan , told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol that a number of people were remaining in their houses , unwilling to evacuate out of fear that their belongings could be stolen . Thursday 's eruption marked the sixth -- and the strongest -- this year , she said . "  It 's a very active volcano , " she added , but said that that did not necessarily mean Thursday 's eruption would last longer than others . According to the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History , the volcano is one of Central America 's most active . Volcano erupts in another Central American country Is Yellowstone atop a supervolcano that can threaten Earth ? Thousands evacuated after volcano in Nicaragua erupts	"  Volcan de Fuego " -- or Fire Volcano -- has begun spewing ash About 35,000 residents have been evacuated Most are staying with friends or family , the Red Cross says
CNN  -- Redmond O'Neal , the son of Oscar-nominated actor Ryan O'Neal and actress Farrah Fawcett , was arrested Sunday morning on drug charges , authorities said . Redmond O'Neal was stopped at a jail security checkpoint , and volunteered he had drugs , police said . The younger O'Neal was stopped during a routine search at a jail security checkpoint and he volunteered that he had drugs in his possession , said Steve Whitmore , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County sheriff 's office . O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility and possessing a controlled substance , Whitmore said . He would not disclose what drugs O'Neal had , but said he was taken to a jail facility about 40 miles north of Los Angeles . It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail , which was set at $ 25,000 . -- CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Redmond O'Neal arrested Sunday at jail security checkpoint O'Neal was arrested on charges of bringing narcotics to a jail facility It was not clear whether O'Neal posted bail , which was set at $ 25,000
Washington  CNN  -- As the "  Arab Spring " revolutions dominate the news , Kyrgyzstan is marking the one-year anniversary of another uprising . That one overthrew the authoritarian regime of President Kurmanbek Bakiev , who resigned last April . Now , the woman who replaced him , Rosa Otunbayeva , follows developments in the Mideast and North Africa as she grapples with the aftermath of revolution in her own country . "  It 's quite a difficult , thorny road , " she told CNN during a visit to Washington , to accept a "  Women of Courage " award from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The non-stop media coverage of the Arab revolutions is a sharp contrast to the limited news of last year 's uprising in Kyrgyzstan . Otunbayeva is disappointed that the violence in Kyrgyzstan did not spark the international outrage that violence in Mideast countries has . "  On April 7th  of last year  a crowd of people came to the central square in front of our White House , " she says . "  They were shot straight from the roof . Eighty-seven people died , hundreds were wounded . Yet nobody defined this as unacceptable or outrageous . " In July of last year , after Bakiev fled the country , Otunbayeva was sworn in . Acting as interim leader , she pledged to serve for 18 months until new elections . And she made history , becoming Central Asia 's first female head of state and head of government in a traditional , majority-Muslim country . But making history has not solved the mountain of problems she faces . The Kyrgyz government is faltering . There are other major challenges , Otunbayeva says , including sharp increases in food prices and a budget shortfall . There are security problems : the central Asian nation borders Tajikistan , a neighbor of Afghanistan . One of the first tasks Otunbayeva and her fellow opposition leaders worked on , after years of presidential rule , was introducing a new constitution with a parliamentary system . "  As head of provisional government , I was everything : speaker , head of the government , interim president . We steadily reached what we had promised . And today power is not any more in the hands of any one person . " Asked what is the biggest danger for a country after a revolution , she points out that the Kyrgyz revolution was led by young people , just as the uprisings in many of the Arab and North African countries have been . "  They said enough is enough , all this bribery and corruption . " But the Kyrgyz revolution was followed by violent ethnic fighting in the south of Kyrgyzstan . "  We lost people there , a lot of victims , " Otunbayeva recalls . The uprsising in Kyrgyzstan came after unrest in that country in 2005 that has come to be called the "  Tulip Revolution , " which led to the ouster of then-President Askar Akaev . In any country undergoing revolution it 's critically important , she says , that whoever ends up holding power be very attentive to long-standing issues like ethnic rivalries . "  You should have an exact plan of action , how you 'll fix it , " she says . "  Otherwise it will put you in danger . " Kyrgyzstan had some advantages over a few Mideast and North African nations : after the fall of the Soviet Union it introduced freedom of speech and assembly . It has a strong civil society and trade unions . Many young Kyrgyz study in the United States . Otunbayeva says events of last year were some of the toughest and most dramatic in Kyrgyz history . It was n't just an issue of survival , she says , but an issue "  of sovereignty , of independence , of unity of the nation . " "  We are an ancient nation in Central Asia on the Silk Road , quite famous . We have a rich history and traditions , " she says . It was a test for her country , and for herself . Otunbayeva says it 's important to be a role model for young women . "  The situation is not as good as it was before , " she says . Fundamentalist religion , she says , is on the rise and , as a result , the situation of women has deteriorated in her region . "  In such a circumstances , to be a leader of the nation , this is really , I guess , a good impetus for thousands and thousands of women to be in the forefront of the nation . And I hope I will be a really good example . " Receiving the Women of Courage award from Hillary Clinton , Otunbayeva was cited for "  courageous leadership ... binding together a historically fractious opposition into a provisional government structure able to check the struggles for power from stirring up wider divisions in society . " Central Asia expert Martha Brill Olcott of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace says : "  That 's really a very conscious goal of hers , to be this example of the first woman in office in the region . "  She has a strong sense of historic mission about what she 's doing . She wants to make a revolution that 's successful , that makes Kyrgyzstan a sustainable democracy , and even more than being the first woman , she really wants to be the first person who leaves  office  ... She sees it not only as making a revolution but creating a model that somebody could walk out the door . " Otunbayeva explains it this way : "  As it happened , I was the person around whom other parties , political leaders , rallied . I 'm one of many millions of women in my country . And I 'm proud to say that we 've done this job . We did n't lose our sovereignty . We did it . " Smiling broadly , she says : "  So , women can do something in Kyrgyzstan . "	Kyrgyzstan 's president received a "  Women of Courage " award in Washington In an interview , Rosa Otunbayeva discusses her country 's revolution a year aga She is disappointed that violence in her country did not spark international outrace She is making history in Kyrgyzstan , "  And I 'm proud to say that we 've done this job "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan will consider a plea deal on the charge that she stole a necklace from a jewelry store if she can avoid going to jail , her lawyer said Thursday . Attorney Shawn Chapman Holley insisted , though , that the grand theft charge is "  entirely defensible . " The actress entered a not guilty plea in the case Wednesday before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Keith Schwartz , but the judge immediately revoked her probation related to a 2007 drunk driving conviction . "  Ms. Lohan maintains her innocence , and now that I 've seen the police reports , I believe the case is entirely defensible , " Holley said . "  Having said that , we will entertain a discussion concerning a plea if it means no jail so that she can move forward with her recovery and her career . " Lohan was allowed to post bond on the theft charge and the probation revocation after a short hearing Wednesday . Schwartz will hold a hearing February 23 to decide if the theft charge warrants sending Lohan back to jail immediately on a probation violation . The court date will also be used to consider a possible negotiated resolution to the theft charge , he said . At the arraignment Wednesday , Schwartz warned Lohan that she could be put back in jail if she violates the law . "  Please do n't push your luck , I am telling you , " the judge said . "  Things will be different . " The theft charge filed Wednesday comes five weeks after the actress was released from court-ordered drug rehabilitation and less than three weeks before a judge said he might free her from supervised probation from the drunken driving conviction . Lohan was smiling at times as she sat at the defense table before the arraignment . She wore a tight-fitting white dress , with her long blond hair loosely tied in the back . Lohan wore what appeared to be several diamond bracelets on her right arm , complemented by diamond earrings and a large diamond-filled ring on her right hand . The 24-year-old actress allegedly walked out of the Venice , California , store with the necklace on January 22 , a statement from the district attorney 's office said . "  The owner reported the theft to the Los Angeles Police Department , which investigated the allegation and presented evidence to the D.A. 's office last week . " The necklace was handed over to police just before they were to execute a search warrant to look for the jewelry in Lohan 's Venice apartment last week , police said . Under California 's grand theft law , prosecutor Danette Meyers must prove that Lohan intended to steal the jewelry and that she carried it away from the store . The penalty for a felony grand theft conviction ranges from 16 months to three years in a California state prison , varying based on the value of the property stolen and the criminal record of the defendant . Shoplifting offenses are charged as petty theft if the property taken is valued at less than $ 950 . The store owner claims the "  one of a kind " necklace is worth $ 2,500 , police said . The judge could reduce the charge to a misdemeanor , which would carry a prison sentence of no more than one year . Lohan is on supervised probation for a drunken driving conviction . The judge overseeing that case told her in October that he would send her to jail for 180 days if she violated her probation rules before her next court appearance , set for February 25 . That court date is now off , with Judge Schwartz taking over Lohan 's legal cases . She left the Betty Ford clinic a month ago after three months in a drug rehabilitation program . The rehab stint persuaded the judge not to send Lohan to jail for failing a drug test .	The theft charge is "  entirely defensible , " Lohan 's lawyer says A judge will decide February 23 if the actress goes to jail Lohan faces a grand theft charge for a $ 2,500 necklace
Aboard the Tea Party Express  CNN  -- From the stage , Deborah Johns is the angry conscience of the tea party movement . A protester uses a Nazi swastika to make a point at a Tea Party Express stop in Dallas , Texas . "  Question everything your government is doing , " she tells a crowd of about 100 from the bus 's stage in the parking lot of the Winners casino in Winnemucca , Nevada . Under a setting sun on the steps of the state capitol in Little Rock , Arkansas , Johns says : "  Our men and women took an oath when they put on the uniform to defend and protect this country from enemies both foreign and domestic . I think we 've got some domestic enemies in the White House . " On a sunny afternoon in Louisville , Kentucky , Johns works the crowd of about 2,000 into a frenzy . "  The men and women in our military did n't fight and die for this country for a communist in the White House , " she says , and the crowd erupts in a chant of "  U-S-A , U-S-A ! " Watch rally participants converge on Washington " On the bus , Johns slips off her heels and slips on a pair of ankle socks . She curls up under a quilt her grandmother made . She favors skirts and cardigans -- a pit bull in cashmere . She leads the rallies in each city with Mark Williams , a former talk radio host who now writes books and makes the rounds on cable TV chat shows . Both work for Our Country Deserves Better , the conservative political action committee sponsoring the Tea Party Express bus tour . The tour concluded Saturday at the U.S. Capitol in Washington after a 34-stop tour that began August 28 in Sacramento , California . Williams is the showman of the bunch . His signature line when he gets the mic goes like this : "  You can have our country when you pry it from our ... cold ... dead ... fingers ! " Again the crowd erupts . Watch scenes from Tea Party Express rallies " Seldom seen on stage are the two gurus of the tea party movement , veteran politico Sal Russo and his protégé , Joe Wierzbicki . They are charged with turning the passion on display at the tea parties into political action . They have three goals : Defeat President Obama 's health care reform efforts , win back the House and Senate in 2010 and take the White House in 2012 . Russo grew up in a house full of working-class Democrats in Monterey , California , and nearly gave his father a heart attack when he became a Republican . His first paid gig in politics was working for Ronald Reagan 's 1966 California gubernatorial campaign , and he has worked in conservative politics ever since . Russo often watches the raucous tea party events from his perch in the bus . Besides Johns and Williams each event features several musical acts and featured speakers . The crowd is its own sideshow . Tea partyers are a creative lot , and many in the crowd express themselves by way of their clothing and signs . See some of the getups and signs " "  Obamacare Condense Cream of Crap soup " reads a sign in Sparks , Nevada . In Dallas , Texas , a darker mood prevails . A homemade sign with "  Obama Lies " features a bold , black swastika . As the tour moves on , Nazi imagery becomes more prominent -- and sometimes confused . One sign at the Alamo in San Antonio , Texas , has Obama 's portrait sandwiched between pictures of Adolf Hitler and communist philosopher Karl Marx . In Canton , Ohio , Obama and Hitler adorn a sign reading "  Hitler made great speeches , too . " In Elko , Nevada , over a Basque supper of oxtail , lamb and sweetbreads , Russo assesses the tea party movement . "  There are some people who are mad at everyone , " he says , "  but there are others who say , ` How do we move beyond this and turn it into action ? ' " Rare is the conversation with Russo in which he does n't bring up the name of his idol and one-time boss , Ronald Reagan . But if there is a Reagan out there to take the reins of the tea party movement , Russo does n't know who that person is . "  It 's opened for a leader . I do n't see anyone out there that can grab it , " he says . "  I 'll be surprised if someone emerges . I do n't see who that is . " Many in the crowd hope former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin will emerge as the leader of the movement , "  but she has so many negatives , " Russo says . If the tea party movement has an architect , it is Joe Wierzbicki . Unassuming in wrinkled khakis and a polo shirt , he is in near perpetual motion . Hands gesturing wildly through the air , he describes his plan . "  There are going to be stops along the way . The first stop is going to be the health care reform act , " he says . If the tea partyers can play a part in stopping the president 's health care efforts they will be poised for a much bigger challenge : taking control of Congress from the Democrats , he says . "  Those politicians that are n't responsive to this message are going to face a lot of trouble in their re-election bids in 2010 , " he says . That the tea party movement has no leader at this point is just fine with Wierzbicki . He says right now the movement is centered on a few key issues : taxes , expansion and distrust of Obama . "  If there was a leader there might be a divisive factor , " he says . In Wierzbicki 's plan , the movement does n't need a leader until after the 2010 election . "  From then to 2012 is probably the period of time when you 'll find a big national leader that will emerge that the majority of the people in this movement will feel comfortable following , " he says . No one on the tea party express seems concerned with the vocal fringe of the crowds that come with offensive signs -- besides Nazi imagery , a poster of Obama as an African witch doctor has become popular -- or the numerous conspiracy theories that float around most tea parties . In Battle Creek , Michigan , a woman in her 60s says , "  I really do n't want to be a guinea pig for the experiment they have with the population control . " In Canton , Ohio , a woman argues with an Obama supporter : "  He 's going after our kids to try to indoctrinate them into a national defense army . " The Tea Party Express tour has been free of violence , but occasional outbursts of vitriolic hatred toward the president combined with some menacing outward appearances often overshadow the more moderate tea partyers . iReport.com : Weigh in on health care In Louisville , Kentucky , two young men in camouflage fatigues roamed the crowd trying to recruit new members for their militia called the Ohio Valley Freedom Fighters . They bear signs reading "  AK-47s : today 's pitchfork " and "  Quit worrying . Start your militia training today . " In Jackson , Michigan , a young man did n't need a sign . He was carrying the real thing : A loaded AK-47 assault rifle and two loaded handguns . "  I do n't want a revolution . I do n't want a civil war , " he said . "  But it is a possibility . It 's there as an option , as a last resort . " From the stage , Deborah Johns and Mark Williams never interact with most of these characters . Russo shrugs it off , saying that the early stages of every political movement have people like this . To Wierzbicki these troubling elements are just part of the price of a grassroots movement . He is convinced they will not derail the movement . "  The message will be moderated by the time it gets to 2010 , " he says .	Tea Party Express bus tour concludes Saturday at U.S. Capitol Fury at Obama , government in general apparent at rallies along route Two operatives organize tour , seek ways to turn passion into action Clear leader , moderated message eventually will emerge , organizer says
New York  CNN  -- One of the most well-known sports franchises in the world is facing a lawsuit over its famous logo . A Yonkers , New York , woman is suing the New York Yankees for trademark infringement , claiming her uncle created the Yankees top hat logo but never got paid for his work . In a complaint filed in Manhattan Federal Court , Tanit Buday claims her uncle Kenneth Timur was a graphic designer commissioned in 1936 to create a logo for the Yankees . Buday says former Yankees owners Jacob Ruppert and Del Webb heard of Timur 's work from his sister , who worked in Brooklyn as a manicurist in the 1930s . Timur , who lived in Europe at the time , created a logo that incorporated a top hat and bat similar to the one now used by the team . Buday says the logo has Timur 's established signature "  P , " which appeared on his other artwork . According to the complaint , Buday took the logos to Rob Wallace , a design analyst -- who concluded it to be "  evident that they are so significantly similar that they could not have been created independently from one another . " Buday explains that her uncle was not aware that the Yankees adopted the logo until he immigrated to America in 1947 and was asked to revise the logo for their 1952 celebration of 50 years based in New York City . She claims Timur was hopeful that this time the sports franchise would offer him some kind of recognition , but took the opportunity to "  sign " his work with a "  P. " Instead of 1903 to 1952 , the logo appears as "  1P03-1952 " on the patches of the uniform . Alice McGillion , spokesperson for the New York Yankees , said they have n't been served with the lawsuit . "  This is a wonderful country where anybody can sue for anything , even when the allegations are over 70 years old , " she said . Buday says that because of scarce resources and trust in Yankees owners , her uncle never got a lawyer and did not copyright his work , but in 1960 he lost his confidence in the team and passed on the fight to her , in hopes she would pursue the claims .	Woman claims uncle created Yankees logo in 1936 Team spokesperson says they have n't been served with lawsuit yet
