CNN  -- Thank you , Jason Collins , for stepping up and being a real man . I like your game . A real man is honest and confident and can look the world in the eye and take responsibility for his own life . Real men can stand up to religious zealots who believe that they have the right to stand in judgment of others . You are exactly the right man at the right time to help break down the stereotypes about gays in professional sports . And kudos to the NBA Commissioner David Stern for working tirelessly over decades to create a workplace environment that is inclusive and diverse across many cultural issues , including sexual orientation . "  Jason has been a widely respected player and teammate throughout his career , and we are proud he has assumed the leadership mantle on this very important issue , " the commissioner said Monday . Having worked in sports for two decades and having been a straight ally for most of my adult life , I know this day did n't come just because President Barack Obama and other politicians say it 's OK to be gay . Sure , having the topic of LGBT equality in the public conversation is an important part of changing a culture , but it has been the everyday people with the courage to advocate for equality and break down hostile environments that make a day like Monday possible . The NBA , more than any other professional men 's sports league , has worked to create a culture that supports gay athletes . No doubt , there will be critics and ugly accusations thrown at Collins . And that , along with his anemic stats -- 1.1 points per game -- might make it a challenge for him to find a job in the NBA next season . But the reaction from his peers to his coming out has been overwhelmingly positive : NBA star Al Horford , an ex-teammate of Collins , tweeted : Al Horfordâ $	Roxanne Jones : Kudos to NBA player Jason Collins for coming out publicly Jones : NBA head David Stern worked for decades to create an inclusive environment Jones : Because of Stern , it was "  no big deal " when WNBA 's Brittney Griner came out Only question that matters for Collins , she says , is whether he can step up his game
CNN  -- The wife of a former top Chinese politician has admitted to poisoning a British businessman , blaming a "  mental breakdown " for her actions that resulted in Neil Heywood 's death , state news reported . The closely watched murder trial of Gu Kailai took place Thursday , adjourning in the afternoon without the announcement of a verdict , said Tang Yigan , deputy head of the Hefei Intermediate People 's Court . On Friday , the state-run Xinhua news agency offered details on what transpired in court the previous day during the seven-hour long trial . That included a statement by Gu in which she not only did n't deny the accusations levied against her , but "  accepted all the facts written in the indictment " -- including poisoning Heywood at a time when she thought her son 's life was in danger . Who is Gu Kailai ? "  During those days last November , I suffered a mental breakdown after learning my son was in jeopardy , " Gu , 53 , said shortly before the trial concluded . "  The tragedy , which was created by me , was not only extended to Neil , but also to several families . " Her family aide and alleged co-conspirator , Zhang Xiaojun , likewise admitted to his part in the crime and said he wanted to say "  sorry " to the victim 's family . "  I hope the court can give me a chance to take a new lease on life , " Zhang said in the court in the eastern city of Hefei , according to the Xinhua report . "  I really know that I did wrong . " The pair were accused of killing the 41-year-old Heywood last November in a hotel room in the city of Chongqing . Chinese authorities had previously said that Gu and her son had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests " and that she was motivated to kill the Briton because of fears for her son Bo Guagua 's safety . Reached Friday by e-mail , Bo Guagua declined to comment on his mother 's confession or "  any details pertaining to the case . " Gu 's admission is the latest phase in the fall from grace of the prominent family of Bo Xilai , Gu 's husband , who until earlier this year had appeared destined to join the elite committee of leaders at the top of China 's ruling party . The family 's alleged involvement in Heywood 's death triggered the most sensational Chinese political scandal in recent memory . And it created an extraordinary set of challenges for the central government as it prepares for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year . Why the Gu Kailai trial is important ? Prosecutors said in court Thursday that Gu had invited Heywood to the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing -- the city where Bo was then the Communist Party chief -- from Beijing . The trial took place 1,200 kilometers  750 miles  east of Chongqing , where Heywood died and where support for Bo and his family remains strong . Heywood and Gu drank alcohol and tea in a hotel room , after which the Briton got drunk and began vomiting , a prosecutor said . When Heywood asked for water , Gu asked Zhang , who 'd been waiting outside , to come into the room . It was then that Gu got cyanide from Zhang and , after her aide carried Heywood to the bed , poured the poison into the Briton 's mouth , according to the prosecutor . Gu then scattered capsules containing narcotics on the floor to make it seem like Heywood was using drugs , the prosecution said . She put a "  Do not disturb " sign on Heywood 's hotel room door and told hotel staff not to bother him , a hotel employee said . Neither Gu nor Zhang objected to the prosecution 's outline of the case , according to Tang , the court official , though Gu 's lawyer did argue for leniency . Bo and Gu on trial , in different ways In her statement , Gu explained how , in 2005 , she and her son Bo Guagua got to know Heywood after he wrote them to introduce himself . The Briton later became an agent and participant in a land development project in China that never materialized . When Heywood asked for compensation , he began to have disputes with the family and -- according to Gu -- threatened her son 's personal safety . Prosecutors displayed numerous e-mails between Heywood and Gu 's son showing the increasingly heated conflict . At some point , Gu decided to kill Heywood , prosecutors said . They displayed a statement by Gu in which she said , "  To me , that was more than a threat . It was real action that was taking place . I must fight to my death to stop the craziness of Neil Heywood . " In an e-mail to CNN Tuesday , Bo Guagua said he had submitted a witness statement to his mother 's defense team . "  I have faith that facts will speak for themselves , " wrote Bo , 24 , who graduated from Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government in May . A Bo family friend said the court did not accept the younger Bo 's statement as evidence Thursday . Another facet of the case that 's drawn international attention , as noted in the Xinhua report , was the fact that an official appointed by Bo 's family initially was among those who first decided not to categorize Heywood 's death as a criminal case . These authorities covered up Gu 's presence at the scene by fabricating interview records and hiding evidence , among other measures , the report said . The authorities "  persuaded " Heywood 's relatives to accept their conclusion and cremated the British citizen 's body without conducting an autopsy , according to Xinhua . But the case was reopened after Wang Lijun , then vice mayor and police chief of Chongqing , tried to defect to the U.S. consulate in the neighboring Sichuan city of Chengdu . In a related case , Chinese state media reported Thursday that four top Chongqing policemen will be tried for trying to cover up Heywood 's murder to help Gu . The four -- Guo Weiguo , Li Yang , Wang Pengfei and Wang Zhi -- were charged July 30 and will face trial in Hefei , Xinhua and CCTV reported . They have been charged with "  acting with partiality and defeating the ends of justice , " the outlets reported . CNN 's Steven Jiang and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	The wife of ex-Chinese politician Bo Xilai says , "  I suffered a mental breakdown " A family aide confesses to his role , saying , "  I really know that I did wrong " British businessman Neil Heywood died after being poisoned in his hotel room Gu 's murder trial occurred Thursday , though no verdict has been announced
A record number of people were deported from the United States last year , federal officials announced Tuesday . But does the Obama administration deserve all the credit -- or blame -- for this record ? And is it actually as impressive as it sounds ? Critics say no to both questions , and charge the administration with creative accounting . President Barack Obama himself may have inadvertently added fuel to the fire . "  The statistics are actually a little deceptive , " Obama said last month during a discussion with Hispanic journalists . There has been "  a much greater emphasis on criminals than non-criminals . " And "  with stronger border enforcement , we 've been apprehending folks at the borders and sending them back . That is counted as a deportation even though they may have only been held for a day or 48 hours . " Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , noted Obama 's remarks Wednesday , saying he 's "  frustrated about the administration 's deceptive marketing tactics in claiming that they have deported more undocumented people than ever before . " The administration is "  playing a double game , " argued Mark Krikorian , executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which favors tighter immigration restrictions . "  They 're telling  pro-immigration  advocacy groups that they 're focusing on the worst of the worst " by committing more resources to the most dangerous undocumented immigrants . "  But they 're telling the broader public they 've achieved record levels of deportations . It 's a clever spin . " So what are the facts ? Nearly 400,000 individuals were removed from the country in fiscal year 2011 , which ended September 30 , according to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency . ICE Director John Morton trumpeted the news , calling it the result of "  smart and effective immigration enforcement " that depends on "  setting clear priorities for removal and executing on those priorities . " The 396,906 figure is indeed a record -- but not by much . A total of 392,862 people were deported in 2010 -- a difference of little more than 1 % , according to ICE . Almost 390,000 people were deported the year before that . Significantly larger increases in the total number of deportations occurred during George W. Bush 's administration . Fewer than 120,000 people were deported in 2001 , when Bush took office . Analysts say much of the change over the last decade has been due to the implementation of controversial federal-led measures such as Secure Communities initiative and the Criminal Alien Program , which are designed to root out undocumented immigrants accused or convicted of various criminal acts . Both measures predate Obama 's presidency . Recent state-led crackdowns on illegal immigrants in places like Arizona -- despite all the media attention -- have played a less critical role , they insist . "  There certainly has been a tremendous uptick in state activity in the realm of immigration enforcement " in recent years , said Greg Chen , director of advocacy at the American Immigration Lawyers Association . But "  in terms of what 's driving enforcement , it 's  still  really a federal-led issue . " Producing new deportation records -- however slim the margin -- appears to be a priority for the Obama White House . Pundits argue the ability to tout such records could be political gold for a Democratic president wooing independent voters in 2012 , though it does risk alienating Obama 's liberal base . A Washington Post story from last December said administration "  officials quietly directed immigration officers to bypass backlogged immigration courts and time-consuming deportation hearings whenever possible " in order to break the record for fiscal year 2010 . "  Officials  also  told immigration officers to encourage eligible foreign nationals to accept a quick pass to their countries without a negative mark on their immigration record , " the story concluded . Morton told the Post everything had been done "  on the merits " and with "  no cooking of the books . " Under Obama , the budget for ICE 's Office of Enforcement and Removal Operations -- the money spent to identify , apprehend , detain and remove individuals from the country -- has actually remained relatively static , rising from $ 2.63 billion in fiscal year 2009 to $ 2.77 billion in fiscal year 2011 . Immigration officials are currently funded "  to remove around 400,000 people based on the resources we 're given by Congress , " an ICE official told CNN . What has changed most recently is "  the level of sophistication in finding folks who pose a public safety threat and are eligible for removal . " ICE stressed Tuesday that over half of the roughly 397,000 people deported last year had been convicted of felonies or misdemeanors . That 's an 89 % increase in deported criminals from three years ago , the agency said . And in August , the Department of Homeland Security announced its intention to individually review roughly 300,000 pending deportation cases in federal immigration courts . Lower priority cases -- those not involving individuals considered violent or otherwise dangerous -- will be suspended , the department said . Administration officials call it a matter of prioritizing cases and allocating scarce resources more efficiently . Critics call it backdoor amnesty , a way to push through policy changes that conservatives in Congress would never agree to . If the administration is trying to walk a political tightrope , it may end up pleasing nobody . Conservatives like Krikorian insist deportations would be increasing at a much faster rate if Obama pushed for more funding for ICE . Progressive like Chen worry that undocumented immigrants who pose no threat to others are nevertheless at increased risk being rounded up by more aggressive ICE officials . "  This has all been part of the administration 's strategy to advance reforms on immigration that include tough enforcement as well as providing a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country , " Chen said . "  But unfortunately that latter component has now fallen off . "	Adminstration officials say they deported a record number of people last year Critics say Obama deserves little credit , and that deportation numbers are basically flat Critics have accused the administration of taking steps in the past to inflate deportation numbers Liberals and conservatives are concerned over current deportation policy
CNN  -- Three more members of a polygamous sect led by Warren Jeffs are facing sexual assault charges , Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said Tuesday . The latest charges come two months after Warren Jeffs and five followers were indicted in Texas . On Tuesday , a Texas grand jury indicted the three male members of Jeffs ' Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints compound outside Eldorado , Abbott said . Each faces one felony count of sexual assault of a child . Two of them also face felony bigamy charges . The identities of the men were not released because they had not been arrested as of Tuesday afternoon . In July , the Schleicher County grand jury indicted Jeffs and four of his Texas FLDS followers on child sexual assault charges . Jeffs was charged with sexually assaulting a child under 17 . A fifth follower was charged with failure to report child abuse . The charges stem from a state and federal investigation into the sect 's Yearning for Zion Ranch . In April , child welfare workers removed more than 400 children from the compound , citing allegations of physical and sexual abuse . After a court battle , the Texas Supreme Court ordered the children returned in June , saying that the state had no right to remove them and that there was no evidence to show the children faced imminent danger of abuse on the ranch . Jeffs , 52 , is the leader and "  prophet " of the estimated 10,000-member FLDS , an offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church . The FLDS openly practices polygamy at the YFZ Ranch and in two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line : Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Jeffs , who is facing a sentence in Utah of up to life in prison and is awaiting trial in Arizona , could face another life sentence in Texas if convicted on the latest charge . In Utah , he was convicted on accomplice to rape charges for his role in the marriage of a sect member to a 14-year-old . He faces similar charges in Arizona . His attorney in Arizona , Michael Piccarreta , has questioned the motives of Texas authorities . He said in July that the state 's investigation into Jeffs and his followers is an effort "  to cover themselves up on the botched attack on the ranch in Texas . "	Three members of a polygamous sect led by Warren Jeffs indicted Texas attorney general : Members of FLDS facing sexual assault charges Each faces one felony count of sexual assault of a child In July , a grand jury indicted six other members of the sect
Johannesburg  CNN  -- The South African ruling party appealed for calm Thursday after Nelson Mandela was hospitalized a day earlier in Johannesburg . A spokesman for the African National Congress said Mandela was undergoing routine tests . "  It is a well-known fact that Madiba is 92-years-old and no longer a young man , " said Jackson Mthembu , the spokesman . "  As South Africans , let us all allow doctors at the hospital to do their best in conducting tests on our elder statesman . We also wish to confirm that Madiba is well taken care of at the hospital . " Madiba is the former president 's clan name , which is popular in the country . The spokesman also urged the media to "  refrain from making unfounded and unwarranted speculation " on Mandela 's health . "  We also request the media , in particular , to give Madiba 's family and the hospital the necessary privacy , " the spokesman said . Mandela was flown to a Johannesburg hospital on Wednesday from Cape Town , where he was on vacation , according to a source close to his family who is not authorized to speak to the media . "  He is in no danger and is in good spirits , " his foundation said in a statement . Mandela rarely makes public appearances . His last appearance was at the closing ceremonies of the World Cup in South Africa over the summer . He recently released a new memoir , "  Conversations With Myself . " The Nobel Peace Prize laureate spent 27 years in prison after being convicted of sabotage and attempts to overthrow the government under South Africa 's former apartheid regime . He was released in 1990 and served as president four years later . CNN Johannesburg Bureau Chief Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	"  Madiba is 92-years-old and no longer a young man , " a spokesman says The former president 's foundation says he 's in good spirits His last public appearance was in the summer
CNN  -- My commitment to the cause of stopping the exploitation of children was born from a humbling experience . In 2002 , I witnessed the horrors of human trafficking as we rescued three trembling girls living on the impoverished streets of India . Preventing these girls from falling prey to this horrendous crime was a personal awakening . I thank CNN 's Heroes initiative for allowing the Ricky Martin Foundation to share and engage others in our commitment to end the exploitation of children by human trafficking and modern-day slavery . That was more than a decade ago . Since then , I knew my foundation must shed a light on this taboo subject . Education has been our pillar from the outset . In 2004 , we launched People for Children , our principal project , to provide education and solutions for international efforts to eliminate child trafficking . This unscrupulous market -- which consists of 27 million victims worldwide , according to the 2011 Trafficking in Persons Report -- generates up to $ 32 billion annually , an amount rivaling that of the trafficking of arms and drugs . Of the 27 million , UNICEF estimates that 1.2 million are children who are trafficked every year to work as forced labor , in the commercial sex industry , in prostitution and in other forms of slavery . The statistics are staggering . Many contest them because the crimes are hidden . But numbers do n't matter : Preventing one or 200 children from traffickers validates our mission . No one should be exploited and deprived of his or her freedom . We believe every child has the right to be a child . As a young public charity , we have discovered we are not alone in this fight . We have been privileged to partner with groups such as UNICEF , Habitat for Humanity , The Protection Project at Johns Hopkins University , the University of Puerto Rico , Save the Children , RTL Foundation , The InterAmerican Development Bank , The Trafficking In Persons Office , SAP , Doral Bank and Microsoft . We joined forces with the InterAmerican Development Bank and the International Organization for Migration to launch Call and Live , the first regional campaign to combat human trafficking in the Americas . Lives were saved . We received thousands of phone calls through our hot line and were able to help launch hundreds of investigations in five countries . Unfortunately , atrocities committed against children have reached epidemic proportions on the Internet . To prevent these crimes , we launched Navega Protegido.org , an online bilingual child safety website , that provides tools to protect children from pornography and sexual exploitation . More recently , we published "  Human Trafficking in Puerto Rico : An Invisible Challenge " in alliance with the University of Puerto Rico and The Protection Project . The pioneering investigation documents that too many minors in Puerto Rico are at risk of becoming exploited as sex slaves , as slave labor or used in pornography . Such findings led us to focus on the development of creative solutions . We are developing our first Child Development and Prevention Center in Puerto Rico to serve as a safe haven for children and young people . We aim to transform their lives through a holistic approach . Children and young people do not have a sufficiently loud voice in our society . To help change this , we continue to strengthen People for Children by redoubling our investigation and awareness campaigns . Our objective is to galvanize a movement to prevent this scourge . Addressing such an abominable crime on a global scale is a daunting challenge . We need to tackle it one life at a time . I am convinced that small triumphs over a long period of time will eventually result in the type of social justice we must all strive for . Human trafficking has no place in our world today . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ricky Martin .	1.2 million children are trafficked each year for forced labor , sex industry Ricky Martin : Atrocities committed against children epidemic on the Internet Ricky Martin Foundation committed to ending atrocities against children He says education , safe havens , working with international groups help
Mass shootings in 2012 reignited the debate over legislation to combat gun violence . Here 's a look at laws already on the books in the United States dealing with firearms . 1791 -- Second Amendment : Congress ratifies the Second Amendment to the Constitution , which reads that "  A well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed . " 1934 -- National Firearms Act : The law was designed to make it difficult to obtain especially lethal guns . These would include preferred weapons of the era 's gangsters , like sawed-off long rifles or shotguns and machine guns . It also regulated specialty weapons concealed in canes , pens or other items . How the NRA wields its influence 1968 -- Gun Control Act of 1968 : Following the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy , Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , Congress passed this law prohibiting convicted felons from possessing firearms . It also required licenses to trade in guns and created procedures to track serial numbers and control imports . 1984-1986 -- Comprehensive Crime Control Act and the Armed Career Criminal Act : These laws enhanced penalties for using or carrying firearms while committing serious drug offenses , for felons with three prior convictions of violent crimes or drug offenses , for using short-barreled rifles and shotguns and semiautomatic weapons and for automatic weapons or those equipped with a silencer . 1986 -- The Firearms Owners ' Protection Act of 1986 : Allowed licensed dealers to operate outside of their normal places of business , like gun shows , and excluded hobbyists or collectors from some regulations . It permitted sales of ammunition without a license , allowed convicted felons to obtain guns if their civil rights were restored after prison , and banned the production of machine guns for civilian use . It also made it illegal for anyone to sell firearms to those prohibited from owning them . Opinion : Let 's take politics out of gun research 1993 -- The Brady Law : After a seven-year legislative battle , Congress passed the Brady Handgun Violence Protection Act , which required background checks for those buying firearms . 1994 -- Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act : Increased fees and required photographs and fingerprints to obtain a dealer 's license . 1994 -- Youth Handgun Safety Act : Banned possession of handguns by those under 18 and prohibited adults from transferring them to juveniles . 1994 -- Assault weapon ban : The Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act made it unlawful , with a few exceptions , to make , transfer , or possess semiautomatic assault weapons . It also made it illegal to possess large capacity magazines that held more than 10 rounds . The law expired in 2004 . Sources : U.S. Department of Justice ; Congressional Research Service	The Second Amendment gave Americans the right to bear arms in 1791 Congress addressed gun violence in the 1930s in reaction to organized crime Political assassinations in the 1960s led to the Gun Control Act of 1968 Assault weapons ban in 1994 expired a decade later
CNN  Catwoman has been an arch-nemesis for Batman for 75 years , becoming an antihero over time and spinning off into her own comic book series . But it turns out we did n't know all there is to know about Selina Kyle , aka Catwoman . This week 's "  Catwoman " # 39 comic revealed that Selina is bisexual .  Like CNN , DC Comics is owned by Time Warner . Comic book writer Genevieve Valentine penned a blog post explaining the scene in which Selina is seen kissing Eiko Hasigawa , who has taken on the mantle of Catwoman in recent months , while Selina has taken on the role of a crime boss . "  She 's flirted around it -- often quite literally -- for years now , " she wrote . "  For me , this was n't a revelation so much as a confirmation . " However , fans who like her flirtation with Batman will not be let down , according to Valentine . "  Please be assured that Selina 's longstanding connection to Batman has not been forgotten ; that is not how bisexuality  or humanity  works , " she wrote . Valentine has been building toward this moment in the comic 's storyline and saw the character of Eiko as a good opportunity to establish Catwoman 's sexuality once and for all . "  Eiko has offered a moral challenge -- and we know Selina loves a challenge -- but has also unexpectedly given Selina trust and support at a time when those are in desperately short supply , " she wrote . "  Selina is a complicated person ; she 's drawn to complicated people . In some ways , it 's that simple ... though of course , it 's never simple . " In 2004 , Catwoman was awarded a GLAAD media award for its portrayal of the character Holly Robinson as openly gay . Batwoman was reintroduced as a lesbian character in 2006  her series is coming to an end soon  . Fans reacted quickly on Twitter once the news of Catwoman 's sexuality came out .	Catwoman is confirmed as a bisexual character in the most recent issue of her comic book She is one of the most popular characters in the Batman universe The character has gone from villain to antihero over the years
CNN  -- Stretching some 7,000 kilometers along the West African coastline , a submarine fiber-optic cable emerges off the coast of Nigeria to help bridge the digital divide in the continent . Dubbed Main One Cable , the system links West Africa with Europe , bringing ultra-fast broadband in the region . It runs from Seixal in Portugal through Accra in Ghana to Lagos in Nigeria and branches out in Morocco , Canary Islands , Senegal , and Ivory Coast . The cable , which has a capacity of 1.92 terabits a second , first went live in July 2010 , becoming the first subsea cable to bring open-access , broadband capacity in West Africa , according to Funke Opeke , chief executive of Nigeria 's Main One Cable Company . She says high-speed , low-priced , reliable broadband is key in transforming African economies and creating job opportunities . "  When you think of Africa coming into the information age , you think of educational institutions , you think of business opportunities , you think of social awareness , better communication , transparency in government , " says Opeke , a former executive at U.S. telecoms giant Verizon . "  In order to make Africa  and  Nigeria competitive again and in order to make our schools competitive , to make businesses here competitive and ... to give young people access to opportunities , access to markets , access to ideas ... we need a society , as a population to be better connected to the internet , " she adds . Web savvy Africans fuel growth in online shopping After the launch of Main Cable One , more undersea fiber-optic projects have been rolled out in the region , including Glo 1 by Nigerian telecoms group Globacom . Similarly , several other efforts have been deployed in eastern and southern Africa in recent years . Yet , slow connectivity and high internet costs are still major problems -- according to figures by the International Telecommunication Union , Internet-user penetration in sub-Saharan Africa was 10.6 % in 2010 , far behind the world average of about 30 % . "  Even in the countries in which we 're already in-land , broadband penetration is still under 10 % rate , so there 's a lot of road for growth and improvement , " says Opeke . Born in Nigeria , Opeke moved to the United States in 1984 to study at Columbia University . After a 20-year-old career in the U.S. telecommunications industry she returned to Nigeria in 2005 , where she saw "  first-hand " the country 's absence of internet infrastructure and the need for better web connectivity . "  I just felt personally the need was so glaring and that was what motivated me to start trying to solve the problem , " says Opeke . "  The more I looked at it on my kitchen table the more visible it became to put a business together and that 's what I did . " Starting all by herself , Opeke managed to raise $ 240 million after securing the support of various investors from the continent . "  It 's all African financing , " she explains , "  I look at those people who wrote checks ... the angel investors when I had no license , it was a business sheet on a piece of paper and it really was n't about making money , it was really about a deep understanding and desire to transform a society and to say that we could address some of these problems Africa had . "  That we understood the challenges , there was a lot of work to be done and that we wanted to pull people on board , pull ourselves together to address those problems , " she adds . Today , Opeke says , the system has helped improve the availability of internet services , especially in Lagos and Accra , as well as lowering wholesale prices significantly , by up to 80 per cent . Africa 's emerging leaders launch 2020 growth vision But despite the big decrease in wholesale cost , Opeke notes that consumers have still not seen a difference in the price they pay -- she says that all of Nigeria 's infrastructure is self-provisioned by different retail operators , which keep charging the same prices for the domestic part of the services . "  The people who own the distribution networks are not passing on the saving , there 's no open-access distribution or common carriers like you would have in a developed market , " says Opeke . The lack of a national backbone infrastructure on an open-access basis is also making expensive to move capacity within Nigeria , according to Opeke . As a result , she says , connecting people from the company 's landing point in Nigeria to London costs less than connecting people across Lagos . "  You have to buy that infrastructure from people who own it for their own proprietary use , so it 's a cartel-like situation , " she says . Therefore , Main One Cable , which does not sell its capacity directly to homes or small and medium-size businesses , has also started investing in distribution infrastructure , building its own networks when it ca n't find "  commercially reasonable rates , " as Opeke explains . "  The biggest challenge that we see is getting the capacity we have in this big pipe that we brought into Nigeria and Ghana across the region to reach the people and businesses where they need the service , " she says . There are also plans to extend the cable down the coast to South Africa and connect it with Seacom , the underwater East African fiber-optic cable that became fully operational in 2009 . Despite the challenges , Opeke says the high demand she had hoped for when she first started sketching out her business plan on her kitchen table back in 2007 is still there . "  People know they want better access to the internet , they want faster , cheaper , they want to be able to drive new kinds of applications , access different types of content , " she says .	Funke Opeke is the chief executive of Nigeria 's Main One Cable Company She says her firm laid the first sub-sea cable linking West Africa and Europe to bring broadband to the region The fiber-optic cable runs from Seixal in Portugal to Accra in Ghana and Lagos in Nigeria Opeke says the lack of a backbone , open-access infrastructure is keeping prices high for consumers
Editor 's note : upwave is Turner Broadcasting 's new lifestyle brand designed to entertain the health into you ! Visit upwave.com for more information and follow upwave on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram @upwave . upwave.com  -- Emotionally , hearts are so darn vulnerable . They break from sorrow , burst with joy and occasionally grow three sizes in one day  if you 're a Grinch , anyway  . Physically , they are just as prone to damage . And yet on Valentine 's Day , a holiday dedicated to matters of this most vital organ , we splurge on sweets loaded with unhealthy fats , sugar and cholesterol . This year , turn over a new leaf : Keep both your ticker and your tummy happy by diving into light , nutritious and oh-so-delicious Valentine 's Day desserts . upwave : Tips for a happy and healthy Valentine 's Day Strawberry Shortbread Stacks from A Guiltless Glutton Longing for the light , creamy sweetness of strawberry shortcake -- minus all those calories ? Opt for homemade strawberry shortbread stacks , which check in at just 250 calories per serving . This take on the classic dessert features shortbread made with low-fat cottage cheese instead of artery-clogging shortening . Light whipped topping and naturally heart-healthy strawberries top this seemingly indulgent yet skinny dessert . Triple-Chocolate Cake Balls from Half Baked Harvest This Valentine 's Day , you can have your cake  balls  and eat them , too ! This rich and creamy recipe features cocoa and dark chocolate , both widely accepted as aids to cardiovascular health . Other heart-friendly ingredients include fiber-rich whole wheat flour and Greek yogurt , which is packed with appetite-sating protein . The sleeper component of this decadent concoction is -- wait for it -- avocado . Yes , the primary ingredient in guacamole is surprisingly effective at moistening cake . Packed with good fats , avocado also promotes long-term heart health . upwave : Is chocolate good for you ? Guiltless Chocolate Bliss Cupcakes from Amee 's Savory Dish Dry those eyes ! A breakup with moist , decadent cupcakes is not in your future , thanks to this heart-healthy recipe . Precious few ingredients -- many of which are probably in your pantry already -- are required . Vitamin - and fiber-rich canned pumpkin , which enhances flavor and texture and offers protection against heart disease , serves as an excellent substitute for butter or oil . Egg whites replace whole eggs to keep cholesterol levels in check . And the crowning glory ? Flavonoid-rich cocoa and low-fat cottage cheese  do n't knock it till you try it !  form a low-fat , low-calorie yet creamy frosting that 's sure to woo your sweetie . Mini Cheesecakes from Hungry & Fit When made with regular cream cheese , cheesecake can serve up an off-the-charts amount of fat and calories . This version calls for Greek cream cheese and Greek yogurt , which dramatically reduce the health-busting components  while doubling the protein  . Plus , these itty-bitty cakes are adorable and can be topped with antioxidant-rich berries to enhance flavor , nutrition and presentation . In a word ? Love ! upwave : 7 Greek yogurt recipe substitutions Raspberry-Coconut Mousse from Almost Skinny Vegan Food This delightfully creamy mousse is the perfect closer to any Valentine 's Day meal . As an added bonus , it 's simple to make , leaving more time and energy for ... um , more important things  wink , wink  . Heart-friendly raspberries add flavor and tons of nutrients , and tofu delivers extra dietary oomph : It 's rich in alpha-linolenic acid , an omega-3 that 's believed to greatly benefit people who have heart disease  or are at risk of developing it  . For extra health benefits , toss in some chopped nuts and add the fiber , unsaturated fats and vitamin E that make them heart superstars . Kale Brownies from Chocolate-Covered Katie This unexpected dessert is packed with taste bud-satisfying yet heart-healthy ingredients . The standout element , of course , is kale , which is commonly hailed as a superfood . In terms of cardiac health , kale helps regulate cholesterol and reduce heart-disease risk , thanks to its many vitamins and minerals . This particular recipe also incorporates ground flax , which studies have linked to optimal heart health . Sure , the recipe sounds a little wild and crazy -- but you only get one heart . This article was originally published on upwave.com . & COPY ; 2013 upwave , All Rights Reserved .	Keep your heart and your tummy happy this Valentine 's Day These recipes substitute low-fat and healthier ingredients You do n't have to sacrifice delicious desserts for health
CNN  -- An oil pipeline exploded Friday in eastern China , killing at least 44 people , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Authorities said more than 135 others were injured when the pipeline caught fire near the port city of Qingdao , about 300 miles north of Shanghai . Rescue operations continued Saturday . The oil line sprung a leak in the pre-dawn hours , Xinhua said , citing the city government . The oil flow was cut off , and workers went out to repair the breach . The explosion occurred in the late morning . The pipeline , which is 176 kilometers  109 miles  long , belongs to Chinese petroleum giant Sinopec and connects the oil port to chemical plants further inland . Maritime authorities are checking the coastline for possible oil leaks , Xinhua said . None have been reported so far .	The pipeline caught fire near the port city of Qingdao Crews were trying to fix a leak at the time The pipeline connects the oil port with chemical plants further inland
CNN  -- Five years after battling and beating breast cancer , "  Good Morning America " co-anchor Robin Roberts faces another dangerous health foe . "  I 've always been a fighter , and with all of your prayers and support , a winner , " Roberts said in an online message Monday . Roberts , 51 , was diagnosed with myelodysplastic syndrome , also called MDS , on the same day in April that her show beat out NBC 's "  Today Show " in the ratings for the first time in nearly 16 years , she said . "  Talk about your highs and lows ! " "  Then a few weeks ago , during a rather unpleasant procedure to extract bone marrow for testing , I received word that I would interview President Obama the next day , " Roberts said . "  The combination of landing the biggest interview of my career and having a drill in my back reminds me that God only gives us what we can handle and that it helps to have a good sense of humor when we run smack into the absurdity of life . " MDS is "  a disease of the blood and bone marrow and was once known as preleukemia , " Roberts said in her message on the ABC News website . The Chart : What is preleukemia or MDS ? It can be brought on by chemotherapy and radiation , treatments that Roberts underwent after her breast cancer diagnosis . "  Sometimes the treatment for cancer can cause other serious medical problems , " She said . "  My doctors tell me I 'm going to beat this -- and I know it 's true , " Roberts said . While information found online about MDS can be "  some scary stuff , " Roberts said her doctors told her it does n't apply to her . "  They say I 'm younger and fitter than most people who confront this disease and will be cured . " Her sister , Sally-Ann Roberts , told New Orleans television station WWL -- where she is an anchor -- that the ABC host "  is not going through this journey alone . " Her family is behind her , she said , and "  The best news that we received was that I 'm a match -- a perfect match . " "  When I got that news , it was like Christmas times 1,000 , because anyone who knows what it 's like to wait for that kind of news realizes the trauma , " she said . "  If Robin had not found a match within her family , she would have been one of those 6,000 people to be searching for a match . " That search is conducted largely through the National Marrow Donor Program , which maintains a registry of bone-marrow donors . Sally-Ann Roberts said her sister is hoping to draw attention to the registry and encourage people to join . "  It 's very simple to be part of the registry , " she said . "  I just had a swab , a cheek swab , and they test that and that 's how they determine that . " Robin Roberts said marrow donors "  are scarce and particularly for African-American women , " she said . "  I am very fortunate to have a sister who is an excellent match , and this greatly improves my chances for a cure . " The announcement , made online and on her ABC show , came Monday because she is starting chemotherapy treatments in preparation for the transplant , she said . She posted a Twitter message Monday afternoon : "  Just got home from first treatment . All went well . My family & I are comforted by your prayers , love & support . See you in the morn " Roberts will "  miss a day here or there , " but she will continue to work through her treatments , she said . "  I love what I do , and the people with whom I do it . Along with my faith , family and friends , all of you at ABC News give me the motivation and energy to face this challenge . " She will "  miss a chunk of time " when she has her bone marrow transplant , she said . "  When I faced breast cancer , your prayers and good wishes sustained me , gave me such hope and played a major role in my recovery , " she said . "  In facing this new challenge , I ask humbly for more of your prayers and love -- as I will keep you in mine and update you regularly on my condition . " Roberts began contributing to "  Good Morning America " in 1995 and was promoted to co-anchor in 2005 . She previously was a sports reporter for ESPN and television stations in Atlanta , Nashville and Mississippi . She was a star player on the Southeastern Louisiana University women 's basketball team , where she earned a communications degree in 1983 . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : ABC host 's sister says she 's a "  perfect match " for a marrow transplant "  Good Morning America " co-anchor Robin Roberts faces MDS diagnosis The disease attacks blood and bone marrow "  Talk about your highs and lows ! " she writes
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli government ministers Wednesday overwhelmingly approved a temporary freeze on settlement construction in the West Bank in an effort to restart peace talks with the Palestinians . The Security Cabinet voted 11-2 in favor of the measure which calls for a 10-month freeze on new building permits and the construction of new residential buildings in the West Bank . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called it "  a very big step toward peace " and said he hoped the Palestinians would "  take full advantage " of the opportunity to restart talks during the 10-month window . "  I hope the Palestinians and the Arab world will work with us to forge a new beginning ... for our children and for theirs , " he said . In Washington , the top U.S. envoy for the region , George Mitchell , said he hoped to use the time to begin negotiations on permanent status issues , which include security for Israelis and Palestinians , borders , refugees and the status of Jerusalem . "  My personal and fervent wish is that we will , during this process at some point , have a resolution of borders so there will no longer be any question about settlement construction , " Mitchell told reporters . "  It falls short of a full settlement freeze , but it is more than any Israeli government has done before , and can help move toward agreement between the parties , " Mitchell told a briefing at the State Department . He said he plans to return soon to the region . Mitchell shrugged off a suggestion he might be discouraged after more than 10 months of failing to relaunch peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians . "  You ca n't take as final the first ` no , ' the second ` no ' or even the hundredth ` no , ' " said Mitchell , who helped negotiate a peace agreement in Northern Ireland and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom . "  You ca n't get discouraged by setbacks and you ca n't be deterred by criticism . You have to be patient , persevering and determined . " Mitchell also released a statement from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , which said the announcement helps move the issue forward . "  We believe that through good-faith negotiations the parties can mutually agree on an outcome which ends the conflict and reconciles the Palestinian goal of an independent and viable state based on the 1967 lines , with agreed swaps , and the Israeli goal of a Jewish state with secure and recognized borders that reflect subsequent developments and meet Israeli security requirements , " the Clinton statement said . "  Let me say to all the people of the region and world : our commitment to achieving a solution with two states living side by side in peace and security is unwavering , " the Clinton statement added . Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , a representative of the Middle East Diplomatic Quartet made up of the European Union , the United States , the Russian Federation and the United Nations , called the announcement "  an important step towards creating the possibility for serious and credible negotiations for a two-state solution . "  The key , as I have said consistently , is to combine a credible political negotiation with real change on the ground , in institution-building , security performance and economic development , " Blair said . But Danny Danon , a member of the Knesset from Netanyahu 's Likud Party and chairman of the Settlers Council , opposed the announcement . "  If the prime minister will implement the ideology of the left , he will not get the support of his own party , " he said . "  All the things he wrote in his books , said in his speeches , he so eloquently preached for , he does exactly the opposite , " said Danon , calling the move a "  disappointment . " Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad said the proposed temporary freeze would be inadequate : "  The exclusion of Jerusalem is a very serious problem for us , " he told reporters on Wednesday . Palestinian officials , including Fayyad , have called on Israel to freeze construction in Jerusalem as well . The Palestinians want Jerusalem to be the capital of a Palestinian state . In recent weeks , Netanyahu and other members of his cabinet have made clear that a construction freeze would not be implemented in predominantly Arab East Jerusalem . Israel views Jerusalem as a separate issue to be hammered out in final status talks with the Palestinians . The measure would not affect buildings already under construction for the existing Jewish residents in the West Bank , Netanyahu said . Construction of public building would also continue , government officials have said . The Israeli government is under tremendous pressure -- particularly from its ally , the United States -- to halt settlement construction in the Palestinian territory of the West Bank . Continued construction has been a key stumbling block in restarting Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . The Israeli Security Cabinet is a subset of the larger Israeli Cabinet . It has historically been used by prime ministers to approve quick action on defense and diplomatic matters . CNN 's Michael Zippori and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Security Cabinet voted 11-2 in favor of the measure which calls for a 10-month freeze Israel under pressure -- particularly from United States -- to halt settlement construction Continued construction a key stumbling block in restarting Israeli-Palestinian peace talks Palestinian PM Salam Fayyad said proposed freeze would be inadequate
CNN  -- Coca-Cola could be coming to Myanmar soon . The world 's largest beverage company has announced plans to return to the country for the first time in 60 years . Coke has applied for a general license to begin conducting business there , the company stated in a press release . Myanmar , the once reclusive nation , is one of three countries in the world where Coca-Cola does not do business , according to the company . It does not have a presence in Cuba and North Korea . Myanmar 's government is opening up to international investors as it undergoes a series of reforms . The United States , the European Union and others are easing sanctions , allowing their citizens and businesses to directly invest in Myanmar after the ruling junta returned to civilian rule and allowed free elections . A recent oil and gas conference was held in the city of Yangon to attract potential investors from around the world . Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , the democracy advocate who had been under house arrest for nearly two decades , recently won a seat in the country 's legislature . This week , she traveled to Europe for the first time since her detainment to accept the Nobel Peace Prize she was awarded in 1991 . Still , challenges lie ahead for Myanmar . The country 's western state has been rocked recently by ethnic violence that prompted a state of emergency . Coca-Cola , which sells sodas , bottled water , sports drinks as well as juices , described its investments in Myanmar as "  significant " over the next three to five years . Initially , the products would be shipped into neighboring countries while local business ties are established . The company 's international strategy is to operate as a local business in every market , with selling , distributing and manufacturing taking place locally , Coca-Cola stated in a release . The company 's charity arm also pledged a $ 3 million grant for women 's economic programs in the country .	Coca-Cola announced plans to do business in Myanmar Myanmar is only one of three countries in the world without Coca-Cola U.S. , European Union and others are easing sanctions
CNN  -- No World Cup games to watch , no trash to talk , no bandwagons to ride . It was a sad day on Twitter without the World Cup . From #Piersing to Mexico coach Miguel Herrera 's raging enthusiasm , to the controversial Luis Suarez bite , the competition has been filled with moments made for social media . It does n't hurt that the United States is playing well . Those who follow soccer were well prepared for Friday 's silence , but bandwagon fans were bewildered to wake up and find themselves alone , Thursday 's party over . Here are a handful of suggestions to pass the time until Saturday afternoon , when the knockout round begins . .	Friday , ` No World Cup , ' trended for hours on Twitter People posted complaints of boredom , loneliness Social media has played an important role in the popularity of this year 's games
New York  CNN  -- A team of experts will conduct a 60-day safety assessment of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad in the wake of the derailment that killed four people and injured dozens of others , the Federal Railroad Administration said Thursday . Known as Operation Deep Dive , the action beginning on Monday is designed to "  exhaustively review Metro-North 's compliance with federal regulations , its procedures and practices , and its safety culture , " the FRA said in a statement . A "  strike force " of technical and human factor experts will examine everything from track , signal and "  rolling stock " maintenance , inspection and repair practices to communication between mechanical and transportation departments at maintenance facilities to compliance with federal hours of service regulations , including fatigue management programs , according to the statement . The Hudson line train was hurtling along at 82 miles an hour , over the speed limit of 30 mph for that section of track , as it approached a sharp bend in the Bronx . The cars tumbled off the track , killing four passengers and leaving dozens more hospitalized . The lead car came to rest inches from water at the intersection of the Hudson and Harlem rivers . Jeffrey Chartier , lawyer for engineer William Rockefeller , and the engineer 's s union representatives said the train 's hypnotic motion may have caused Rockefeller to nod off -- a case of what the lawyer termed "  highway hypnosis . " The engineer told investigators that moments before the derailment he was "  going along and I 'm in a daze . I do n't know what happened , " one law enforcement official said . Man vs. machine : Who should be at the wheel ? National Transportation Safety Board officials have said that the train had no mechanical problems and that the tracks and signals were in proper working order . "  Safety is our top priority , and this in-depth investigation will help ensure that Metro-North is doing everything possible to improve its safety record , " U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement . Aaron Donovan , a spokesman for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates the railroad , said in a statement : "  We have robust safety effort underway , including a Blue Ribbon Commission that is already studying areas that the strike force is curious about . Nevertheless , since safety is our number one priority , we 're always happy to work with anyone who has constructive ideas about how to keep Metro-North 's customers and employees safe . " The December 1 derailment was the fourth serious accident on the railroad since May . In June , a Metro-North train was sent down a track closed off for construction and fatally struck a foreman . In another incident , a Metro-North train derailed and was struck by a train on an adjacent track . A rail safety expert told CNN Thursday that the sweeping federal review was routine after a string of serious accidents . After the Operation Deep Dive assessment , the FRA will issue a report with findings and recommendations , the statement said . The agency will also evaluate the railroad 's compliance with recent emergency order requiring "  immediate steps to ensure its train crews do not exceed speed limitations . " The order requires the railroad to "  modify its existing signal system to ensure speed limits are obeyed and to provide two qualified railroad employees to operate trains where major speed restrictions are in place until the signal system is updated . "	Feds order 60-day safety review after NYC derailment killed 4 and injured dozens Federal Railroad Administration calls review "  Operation Deep Dive " It will "  exhaustively review " compliance with federal regulations Under scrutiny will be signals and maintenance , inspection and repair practices
Qom , Iran  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people chanted anti-government slogans Monday before the funeral of a top Iranian cleric who turned into one of the regime 's most vocal critics , a witness said . They shouted "  death to the dictator ! " outside the home of senior Iranian dissident Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , who died early Sunday . He was 87 . Montazeri -- a key figure in Iran 's Islamic Revolution 30 years ago -- was perhaps the most prominent cleric who publicly criticized the presidential elections last June that returned hard-liner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the presidency . Protesters and mourners began to gather near his home in this holy city around 7 a.m. , swelling to huge numbers by the time the funeral procession began , said the witness . Both uniformed and plain clothes security forces turned out for the funeral , with the undercover officers arriving in several buses and mingling with the crowds . The witness did not see any clashes but said tensions were high as protesters stood and chanted just steps away from security forces . Many of the protesters and mourners had driven to Qom , where Montazeri lived , from Tehran and other cities hundreds of miles away , the witness said . Mourners from Najafabad , Montazeri 's hometown , passed out dates , an Iranian tradition at funerals . The night before the funeral , chants of "  God is great " -- which the opposition uses as a rallying cry -- could be heard in several Tehran neighborhoods . The chants were louder than usual , witnesses said . Around 300 to 400 people gathered at Tehran 's Mother 's Square and lit candles on Sunday night in memory of Montazeri , several sources told CNN . The witnesses did not see any clashes between security forces and the people at the gathering . CNN is not naming its sources to protect their security . Writing on his Web site after the disputed June presidential elections , Montazeri described the street protests that followed the polling as a challenge to the "  very legitimacy of the Islamic Republic . " His death is "  a terrible blow for the  reformist  green movement and everybody who has been active these past few months , " said Mehrdad Khonsari , a senior research consultant at the Centre for Arab and Iranian Studies in London . "  He was a very senior grand ayatollah with very good revolutionary credentials , and a very vocal critic of the ruling establishment , " Khonsari said . "  He was a major thorn in the back of  Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali  Khamenei . He was a bastion for all the people opposing the excesses of the system , " even within the ruling establishment , he said . In the last six months , Montazeri had become the voice of the green movement on key foreign policy issues , Khonsari said . The cleric was able to comment more freely than reformist presidential candidates . Montazeri , for example , took a public stand against nuclear weapons in October , issuing a fatwa , or religious edict , declaring them to be "  un-Islamic " and instructing Muslims to take the lead in banning them , said Nazenin Ansari , diplomatic editor of the weekly newspaper Kayhan in London . Iran 's nuclear program has been the subject of intense international concern , with the United Nations considering expanding sanctions against the Islamic state despite its insistence it does not intend to build a bomb . "  He has a very large public following especially since the June elections and all his statements in favor of human rights , " Ansari said Montazeri 's Web site called for a funeral procession from his home to the Massoumeh Shrine in Qom , the holy city where he lived , starting at 9 a.m. on Monday  12:30 a.m. ET  . Demonstrations at the burial could spill over into the capital , Ansari said . "  Qom is very close to Tehran and this is a major event , " she said , adding that it is difficult to predict what would happen . "  It would be questionable how a lot of the foot soldiers of the revolution would react . " The timing of his death could also be significant , she said , since it comes in the month that first saw the demonstrations that spiraled into the revolution that toppled the monarchy and brought the Islamic regime to power . Montazeri was once a confidant of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who led Iran for a decade after the revolution . He studied under Khomeini and then acted as his representative in Iran after Khomeini was exiled by the shah for criticizing the monarchy , Ansari said . Montazeri , too , was jailed and exiled . After the revolution , he was the heir apparent to Khomeini , and played a key role in writing Iran 's constitution as the first chair of the powerful Guardians Council . He was also the leader of Friday prayers in Tehran , one of the most public and influential pulpits in the country . But he was supplanted by the current supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and was placed under several years of house arrest in 1997 . "  His problems with Khomeini started in the summer of 1988 when they started executing ... thousands of leftist prisoners , " Ansari said . "  He never was in agreement with that , and then he started to fade " from power . "  Once Khamenei became leader , Montazeri objected , " she said . Montazeri said Khamenei "  was elevated above his  religious  qualifications , " pointing out that he had not earned the title of ayatollah . "  It was then he was arrested . " Recently he has objected to the current regime 's characterization of his one-time mentor Khomeini as a saint , she added . And following the disputed elections in June , "  he issued a ground-breaking fatwa articulating the policies of the  reformist  green movement to the world . Montazeri had been equally critical of the parliamentary electoral process in 2004 , arguing in favor of reformist candidates . Sitting behind his desk with a government minder in the room , he said then that Iran 's Islamic revolution had lost its way . "  Even I , who used to be a leading figure in the revolution , have not the right to speak out , " he said . "  Authoritarianism will never last long . The gentlemen in power must submit to the wishes of the people , or they will be swept away . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Thousands chant anti-government chants at cleric 's funeral Senior Iranian dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri died Sunday Montazeri was one of several prominent clerics who publicly criticized the presidential elections last June Montazeri was once heir apparent to late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , architect of Iran 's 1979 Islamic revolution
EW.com  -- Are the Big Pink young enough to have grown up on their parents ' Jesus and Mary Chain records ? Sure sounds like it on "  Future This . " The U.K. duo 's latest , produced by indie kingmaker Paul Epworth  Adele  , updates the best of '80s shoegaze with breakbeat rhythms and arena-worthy choruses . On the title track , frontman Robbie Furze finds love washing over him " in a soft explosion . " Which is n't a bad way to describe getting swept up in their massive pop hooks . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Big Pink 's latest album is produced by indie kingmaker Paul Epworth  Adele "  Future This " updates the best of '80s shoegaze with breakbeat rhythms and arena-worthy choruses Frontman Robbie Furze finds love washing over him "  in a soft explosion "
CNN  -- Details were just beginning to emerge Thursday on plans for memorial services and other tributes to Steve Jobs , the iconic Apple co-founder who died Wednesday . But if plans for official observances were still forming , people across the world touched by his vision , and the products that resulted , were already clamoring for ways to celebrate and memorialize his legacy . A statement from Jobs ' family late Wednesday said a website is going to be created "  for those who wish to offer tributes and memories . " While saying "  we know many of you will mourn with us , " the statement did not mention any plans for a public memorial service . Early Thursday , that website did not appear to be live yet . A spokeswoman for the family did not immediately respond to a request for details . In its statement announcing the CEO 's death , Apple provided an email address -- rememberingsteve@apple.com -- for people wishing to "  share your thoughts , memories , and condolences . " Apple has said the company does not know when , or if , there will be a public memorial . But at Apple 's headquarters , Apple stores worldwide and on the Internet , unofficial tributes had already begun . On Apple 's campus in Cupertino , California , flags were at half-staff and an impromptu memorial had cropped up by late Wednesday . Apple employees and others showed up to leave flowers , light candles and provide other tributes . Apple retail stores everywhere became gathering places for the Apple faithful who looked at Jobs as much more than a CEO . At an Apple store in Tokyo , iPads and iPhones showing flickering images of candles had been propped beside flowers and other more traditional items . Online , a pre-existing group of Apple fans had already declared October 14 , the day the iPhone 4S will be released , "  Steve Jobs Day " as a tribute to his legacy . "  We admire his work . We 've embraced his vision . And we love what he 's brought to the world , " reads the group 's website . "  Let 's take a day to honor the man himself and say thank you . " The site encourages people to dress in Jobs ' iconic jeans and black mock turtleneck on that day , and use Facebook and Twitter to share thoughts about him . "  We planned this the day he retired and announced it in September , " the group wrote on a Facebook page where people can RSVP to "  attend " the day . "  It was intended to be a celebration of his life . Not a memorial . " On Thursday morning , more than 7,000 people had said they would participate . Tech-focused publications , including BoingBoing and Wired , also turned their website homepages into tributes to Jobs . BoingBoing 's site was reskinned to look like an older Mac computer interface . Wired made most of its page black in reverence for the passing of a tech titan .	Early Thursday , details on tributes to Apple co-founder Steve Jobs were still scarce Jobs ' family says a website will be created to let people offer tributes to him Apple 's campus and Apple stores worldwide became memorials by late Wednesday A group names Oct. 14 , when the iPhone 4S is released , as Steve Jobs Day
CNN  -- A nun and two peace activists could spend the rest of their lives in federal prison after being convicted of breaching one of the nation 's most secure nuclear facilities . After two days of testimony , a federal jury in Knoxville , Tennessee , found Sister Megan Rice , 83 ; Greg Boertje-Obed , 57 ; and Michael Walli , 63 , guilty of destroying U.S. government property and depredation against federal property exceeding $ 1,000 . That could mean up to 30 years in prison , according to WATE , CNN 's affiliate in Knoxville . The three are scheduled to be sentenced on September 23 . When the guilty verdict was read Wednesday evening , the three defendants appeared content , even singing along with protest hymns before they were taken into custody , according to WATE . "  They 're at peace about this , they 're peace makers , and they knew that they risked this , " Joe Quigley , attorney for Walli , told the Knoxville station . "  Nobody is happy to go jail , but they understand . " In the predawn hours of July 28 , 2012 , Rice , Boertje-Obed and Walli walked under the cover of darkness through the woods and up a hillside , approaching a chain-link fence surrounding the Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge , Tennessee . Armed with flashlights and a bolt cutter , they cut their way through the fence , fully expecting to be arrested on the spot . Instead , they walked nearly a mile , cutting through four fences in all , breaching what was supposed to be the most tightly secured uranium processing and storage facility in the country . "  When we got to the very high security fence where there 's a lethal force authorized ... I thought , maybe we should turn around , " Boertje-Obed told CNN 's David Mattingly . But they did n't . Hours later , the three activists were finally confronted by a guard after hoisting banners , spray-painting messages and splattering human blood on a building that houses highly enriched uranium . They have said they wanted call attention to the dangers of nuclear weapons , but their actions triggered a very different concern : If three older peaceniks can easily trespass onto what was once considered the "  Fort Knox " for highly enriched uranium , just how safe are the nation 's nuclear weapons material from terrorists ? Nuclear weapons interactive : Who has what ? Since the incident , Congress has held a series of hearings and issued security recommendations to the Department of Energy and its National Nuclear Security Administration , which runs Y-12 and seven other nuclear weapons sites . Most recently , Deputy Energy Secretary Daniel Poneman testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee in March that the Department of Energy has taken "  several major actions ... to improve security " since the Y-12 breach , including management changes and independent security reviews . Today , changes at Y-12 are noticeable . A new security contractor is in charge . New signs and security fences are going up . While last year 's security breach shed light on systematic weaknesses at Y-12 , a former nuclear reactor safety manager at the Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico said he does n't think the nation 's nuclear weapons material were ever at any risk . "  What these people did was more like trespassing than gaining access to any weapons-grade material , " said Michael Allen , who is now a vice provost and dean at Middle Tennessee State University . "  Once they got in , they could spray paint things , but it 's just like if you got into Fort Knox , you would n't know the combination to the locks . " Allen said the country 's nuclear weapons material is spread across eight sites that are "  usually out in the middle of nowhere " to protect against threats . "  There 's really only one place where the weapons are fully assembled ; I 'm not going to tell you which one , " Allen said . "  And the reason there are eight places , they do n't want people to have the full knowledge  of what the other facilities do  . "  We almost never see an assembled nuclear weapon . " But another nuclear security expert said the Y-12 breach was more than just trespassing by a few environmental protesters . "  This was a very serious incident because they penetrated the protected area , and that 's when there was supposed to be an immediate security response , " said Edwin Lyman , a senior scientist with Global Security Program , a watchdog group that monitors the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . "  If they had been trained , the kind of paramilitary group that the Department of Energy is supposed to be ensuring they can protect against , with hand-carried explosives , other breaching tools , physical access to the building structure ... the guards would have already lost . " Lyman said the breach was not an isolated incident . "  It was a result of this reduced central oversight , giving contractors more responsibility for supervising themselves , and that 's an invitation of corner-cutting and complacency to set in , " he said . The incident not only broke the public 's trust that the government is "  exercising good oversight " of its nuclear weapons facilities , according to Lyman , but he said it also has "  global implications . " "  If we ca n't even control our own nuclear weapons material , it shows what a major challenge it is around the world ... that have comparably dangerous materials but are even less protected . And , Lyman pointed out , if the United States appears to have vulnerabilities in protecting its nuclear weapons material , "  then that not only reduces our authority to criticize other countries , it raising questions about the integrity of our own security . " CNN 's David Mattingly and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Three peace activists have been convicted of trespassing , defacing a nuclear weapons site The incident last year took place at the Y-12 facility in Oak Ridge , Tennessee They could face 30 years in prison , according to CNN affiliate WATE-TV
CNN  -- Erika Preuss gave a worried glance over rows and rows of empty cars packing the Wal-Mart parking lot at 3:30 a.m. Sean Blake said he met Black Friday campers in Houston , Texas , who call themselves the "  Best Buy family . " She was 30 minutes early at the sprawling store in suburban Kansas City , Missouri , where she had arrived to take advantage of Friday 's 4 a.m. post-Thanksgiving clothing deals . But there were no tents , no campers , no eager shoppers waiting to spend their dollars . Preuss said she expected to wait in a line to get service , but people were already inside , and the store was filled with frenzied shoppers . She captured video to document her experience . "  So apparently Wal-Mart did take pity on the poor souls standing outside in the cold and let people into the store early , " Preuss said . "  Here 's how they handle it : They shrink-wrap all the goodies in plastic wrap , so all the good sale items are wrapped in black Saran wrap , and no one can touch them until 4 a.m. " As a self-described "  Black Friday virgin , " Preuss says , she has lots to learn about the proper technique for this holiday weekend ritual . "  I discovered that I was very unprepared for Black Friday , not dressed properly , as you need more padding to avoid all the shopping carts ramming into you , " she said . "  I feel like that song , ` Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer , ' only the reindeer had a Wal-Mart sign on it . " She decided to see what the hype was about while visiting from Lake Delton , Wisconsin . "  I have three kids , and money is tight , " she said . "  I 'm a single mom . This year , I decided I was going to give it a try and see if I could get some bargains . " Preuss said the lines of people searching for discounted merchandise said a lot about the shape of the economy . Many people were fighting over kids ' clothes and other essentials , but she saw much less effort being expended on video games and TV sets . She said she came for the $ 4 kids ' track suits and $ 8 winter coats . iReport.com : See footage of the shoppers packing the store Inside the packed store , she began to realize she needed a new strategy to beat the crowds . She decided to grab a bunch of clothing from which to pick . "  I ditched the cart and went in with my bare hands , " she said . iReport.com : Huge crowd in Puerto Rico Although Preuss got lucky and immediately entered the toasty store , others across the country were willing to wait in the freezing cold just to get merchandise . Barbara Rademacher woke at 2 a.m. to see the shopping scene and found shoppers huddling outside a Best Buy in Fayetteville , Arkansas . Some had sleeping bags , blankets and winter wear . Chilly hands held lists of the items they planned to buy . "  Laptops ! We have lists ! " exclaimed excited shoppers waiting to get into the store . iReport.com : Watch Arkansas customers wait in the cold Rademacher watched a lengthy stream of people cram through the doors when the store opened . "  It 's something fun to experience , because you can only do it once a year , " one of the aspiring customers said to the camera . Rademacher headed for the nearby Kohl 's and found a similar scene as massive queues of people started running into the store . iReport.com : Virginia shoppers join Santa at mall "  Whoa , look at all these people , " Rademacher said . "  I 'm less worried about the economy than I might have been . " But even these determined shoppers had nothing on the tented campers spotted by Sean Blake of Houston , Texas , who found several temporary shelters set up outside a Best Buy store on Thursday . He said campers told him the first tents went up on Wednesday morning , two days ahead of the store 's 5 a.m. sales deals . iReport.com : Retail campout for the holidays Blake said the shoppers refer to themselves as the "  Best Buy family " and have gotten together to wait in line for the past three years . "  They 've become really close friends with each other because they 've done this every year , " Blake said . iReport.com : Vehicle blocked by overnight shoppers Some customers spent almost the entirety of Thanksgiving in line , taking turns to get food or sneak a break from the close-knit tent city . Blake saw people with TV sets , car batteries , computers and other devices . He visited a different Best Buy store and found people playing an impromptu football game in the parking lot . Eager shoppers made for many more strange sights Friday . Patrons camped out in the frozen-food aisle at a Meijer store in Louisville , Kentucky . iReport.com : Lawn chairs in aisle 9 While on a break during his grocery shift , Bryan Hoskins shot photos of the circuslike scene of customers taking free doughnuts as they sought HDTVs and video game consoles . He said some items sold out completely . Not everyone could get what they wanted , as Jason Rathburn of Oak Ridge , Tennessee , found . iReport.com : Wal-Mart packed to the gills "  It was a sea of people , " said Rathburn , who hoped to buy a Nintendo Wii game system but went home empty-handed . He was n't impressed by the behavior of fellow customers . He said a woman accidentally bumped his back as she tried to compete with him while he examined $ 1.50 towels . He also said he watched as a customer swooped in to take a 42-inch TV and the unattended cart in which it was sitting . "  I 'm guessing that the spirit of giving for Christmas starts tomorrow , " he said .	iReport.com : Shoppers line up early to take advantage of holiday deals Sean Blake says people camped through Thanksgiving outside Best Buy Erika Preuss calls herself a "  Black Friday virgin , " learns many lessons Barbara Rademacher says cold weather does n't deter shoppers in Arkansas
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military is pounding Taliban targets in the country 's Swat Valley , trying to clear militants who control parts of the district 's main city , military officials said . Pakistani army trucks transport cannons for the military operation against the Taliban . The Pakistani forces had killed 35 militants in Wednesday 's fighting , the officials said . The officials said there are reports of some civilian casualties in Wednesday 's fighting -- which has been concentrated in Swat 's district capital of Mingora -- but they denied local media reports that 35 civilians died . An eyewitness said he saw the bodies of 15 civilians were being taken from a village near Mingora on Wednesday . Twelve of the dead were children . Taliban militants have laid siege to Mingora , looting banks , attacking army headquarters , the police station , and the main power grid station , the officials said . They are also occupying civilian houses and government buildings in the city center , according to the military . See a map of Taliban-controlled areas " The fighting has trapped 80 boys inside an orphanage in the city , according to Muhammad Ali , the director of the facility . Another 20 staffers are also holed up inside the four-story building , and they only have enough food for two more days , Ali said . Local government officials issued an evacuation order for the Swat area Tuesday , ahead of the military operation . An estimated 40,000 people have fled Mingora , according to Khushhal Khan , district coordination officer . Government officials warn that the fighting could lead to the exodus of 500,000 civilians . Watch as thousands flee military offensive " For the last two weeks , Pakistani troops have battled Taliban fighters in Buner and Lower Dir , two districts bordering Swat . Army generals claim to have killed scores of militants . Fighting continues in those two districts , and the operations are "  progressing smoothly , " the military said Wednesday . Militants struck a girls ' college in the area with rocket fire , partially damaging the building , the military said . Watch conditions in a refugee camp in Pakistan " Pakistan 's government recently signed a deal that would allow Islamic law , or sharia , in the Swat Valley , in exchange for an end to fighting . The government began its military operation after Taliban militants moved into the Buner district and refused to disarm , in violation of the agreement . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari will meet with U.S. President Barack Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Wednesday in Washington . Obama is hoping to build an enduring regional alliance with both countries , enlisting them as full partners rather than treating them as battlefields for U.S. soldiers to fight extremists . Last week , Obama said Pakistan 's government appears to be "  very fragile " and argued that the United States has "  huge national security interests in making sure that Pakistan is stable " and does n't end up a "  nuclear-armed militant state . " CNN 's Samson Desta and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Pakistani military pounds Taliban fighters , killing 35 in Swat Valley offensive An estimated 40,000 people flee city of Mingora as forces clash 500,000 civilians expected to flee Swat Valley area as offensive continues Pakistani President Zardari meeting U.S. President Obama Wednesday
In diplomacy , like in sales , success often depends on making your adversaries believe they proposed the result you wanted . By that measure , Russian President Vladimir Putin appears to have closed the sale on annexing Crimea from Ukraine . On Monday , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev visited the region that Moscow now claims over international protests , while Russia also said it was withdrawing a battalion of infantry troops from the tens of thousands deployed near the border with eastern Ukraine . Meanwhile , diplomatic efforts focus on defusing the immediate threat of armed conflict and setting up a negotiating process , rather than necessarily reversing the Crimean annexation . Here are some questions and answers on how we got here and what to expect : What 's the story ? The Ukraine crisis has its roots in the breakup of the Soviet Union more than two decades ago . A country of deep ethnic and cultural divisions , it comprises a more ethnic Russian population in the East and a more ethnic Ukrainian population in the West , including Kiev , the capital . Months of increasingly violent political protests in Kiev over the government 's reluctance to expanded relations with the European Union culminated in a February 21 agreement that called for constitutional changes and new elections . Putin says he 's pulling some troops back from Ukrainian border Moscow responded by sending forces into Ukraine 's formerly Russian region of Crimea , which is home to Russia 's Black Sea fleet . Putin claimed ethnic Russians in Crimea faced oppression and needed Moscow 's protection , a scenario rejected as false by Washington and its European allies . Despite objections by the Ukrainian government , the United Nations , European nations and the United States , Russia then engineered a Crimean independence referendum that easily passed . As Washington and the European Union imposed sanctions , Moscow and Crimea took the legislative steps in recent weeks to complete the annexation . Meanwhile , Putin warned Russia would protect ethnic Russians elsewhere from alleged attacks and discrimination , and tens of thousands of Russian troops gathered near Ukraine 's eastern border raised fears of an imminent invasion . What 's the latest ? As tension climbed , Putin called President Barack Obama last Friday and the two leaders agreed that their top diplomats would try to find an opening for negotiations on resolving the crisis . In four hours of talks on Sunday in Paris , Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov focused on easing the border tension and working out a formula for a negotiating process that includes the Ukraine government . Afterward , Kerry told reporters that both governments agreed on the need for a diplomatic solution , and that the goal for now was de-escalating the crisis to allow for further talks . However , he never directly mentioned Crimea or its annexation and he did n't repeat an earlier U.S. demand that Russian troops leave Crimea . "  Both sides made suggestions on ways to de-escalate the security and political situation in and around Ukraine , " Kerry said . "  We also agreed to work with the Ukrainian government and the people to implement the steps that they are taking to assure the following priorities : the rights of national minorities , language rights , demobilization and disarmament of the regular forces and provocateurs , an inclusive constitutional reform process , and free and fair elections monitored by the international community . " His bottom line ? "  No decisions about Ukraine without Ukraine . " Meanwhile , Monday 's movement of Russian troops -- whether a real withdrawal or symbolic shift -- signaled Moscow 's acceptance that the Kerry-Lavrov talks yielded some progress . "  If reports that Russia is removing some troops from the border region are accurate , it would be a welcome preliminary step , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said on Monday . What does it all mean ? Two weeks ago , Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov declared that his country was willing to hold talks with Russia , "  but we will never accept the annexing of our territory . " While Kerry alluded to the Crimea annexation on Sunday , calling Russia 's "  actions " illegal and illegitimate , he also noted that "  Russia obviously has long ties and serious interests " in Ukraine . In tense , defiant Ukraine border region , prayers are for peace -- unless peace fails In Washington , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California made a similar point earlier Sunday on CNN , saying that Crimea is "  dominantly Russian . " She sounded resolved that the peninsula with a majority ethnic Russian population now had returned to Moscow 's provenance , as Putin wanted all along . "  A referendum was passed . That , I think , has been done , " said Feinstein , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee . "  But Ukraine is a different subject . " Her acknowledgment clashes with Obama and the United Nations , who call the military backed annexation of Crimea a violation of international law and dismiss the Crimean secession referendum as a sham . Obama has threatened further sanctions targeting vital sectors of Russia 's economy such as financial services , energy , mining , defense and engineering . However , it remains unclear if European powers such as Germany and Britain would join in such an escalation because of their stronger economic links with Russia . What now ? More talks and diplomatic posturing , The Russian force shift Monday involved several hundred troops at the most , which would be only a fraction of the 40,000 or more estimated to be near the Ukrainian border for what Moscow calls exercises . That means the next steps occur under the shadow of the Russian forces that U.S. military officials say could launch an incursion on short notice . Obama 's trump card is the possible increased sanctions targeting strategic sectors of the already struggling Russian economy as Moscow assumes greater costs because of the Crimea annexation . Medvedev said Monday Crimean state salaries and pensions should be raised to Russian levels , as should the pay for military personnel , while compulsory social insurance would be introduced to the region next year . He also said Moscow would make Crimea a special economic zone and review water supply projects for the region that now gets 90 % of its water , 80 % of its electricity and roughly 65 % of its gas from Ukraine . A variety of outcomes remain possible , ranging from further Russian military incursions in other ethnic-Russian strongholds in the region to a negotiated political agreement in which Ukraine adopts a new constitution and holds new elections -- almost certainly minus Crimea .	Secretary of State Kerry cites defusing tensions and setting up talks as goals Kerry does n't mention Crimea by name after meeting with Russian counterpart Russian troops near the Ukraine border now the main topic Kerry 's bottom line : "  No decisions about Ukraine without Ukraine "
BINGHAMTON , New York  CNN  -- Authorities defended the timeliness of police response to Friday 's massacre at an upstate New York immigration services center as funerals were set to begin Sunday for two of the 13 slain . Jiverly Wong , 41 , has been identified by police as the gunman in the Binghamton , New York , rampage . "  No decisions by the police had any bearing on who died , " Broome County District Attorney Jerry Mollen told reporters Sunday . The first officers arrived at the American Civic Association about three minutes after the first emergency calls were made Friday , according to a timeline by the Binghamton Police Department . Officers did not enter the building for about 40 minutes , police said . "  No one was shot after police arrival , and none of the people who had been shot could have been saved , even if the police had walked in the door within -LSB- the -RSB- first minute , " Mollen said . "  The injuries were that severe . " Police said Jiverly Wong , a 41-year-old Vietnamese immigrant from an ethnic Chinese family , fatally shot his victims and then turned his gun on himself . City officials on Sunday released a list of all the victims . A receptionist at the American Civic Association called 911 at 10:31 a.m. Friday while she hid under her desk , said Binghamton Police Chief Joseph Zikuski . She was shot in the stomach and pretended to be dead before crawling under the desk , he said . Watch Zikuski give a timeline of the shooting " Four people , including the receptionist , remained in serious condition in local hospitals but were expected to survive , the chief said . Wong had been taking English classes at the association and was upset about recently losing a job , police said . But officials on Sunday were still trying to determine a motive . Zikuski said the first 911 calls were in "  broken English , " and dispatchers "  could not determine what was the problem . " But two minutes after the first calls , officers were being dispatched to the civic association , and the first units arrived one minute later , the chief said . He said in these types of situations officers have orders to enter a building if shooting is still happening inside , but in this case the shooting had stopped . At 10:38 a.m. , one of the wounded called with a description of the gunman . The department 's tactical squad did not move in until 11:13 a.m. , Zikuski said . Mollen said the issue of the police response was "  an obvious question " that will be investigated , but "  now 's not the time . " "  We need a lot more information before any reasoned , intelligent response can be given to you , " he said . Those who knew Wong said they were not surprised by his actions , Zikuski said Saturday . "  Some of this behavior on his -LSB- Wong 's -RSB- part was n't a total shock , " the chief said . "  Apparently people were making fun of him . He felt he was being degraded because of his inability to speak English , and he was upset about that , " Zikuski said . Wong came to the United States in the late 1980s and lived in Binghamton before moving to California in the early 1990s , police said . He returned to Binghamton in July 2007 , Zikuski said . Wong became a U.S. citizen in 1995 and married and divorced while living in California , where he had been convicted on a misdemeanor charge of writing bad checks , according to Zikuski . Police found at the center two semi-automatic handguns , a .45 - caliber and a 9 mm , licensed to Wong . The guns were purchased locally , and Wong made trips to a firing range "  at least once a week , sometimes more than that , " Zikuski said . Wong had attempted to purchase "  a number of firearms , " the chief said . Purchasing a gun in New York takes about two weeks , Zikuski said , and Wong would return to a store during that period , "  cancel that order and purchase another one . " Wong was wearing body armor during the shooting . Investigators are "  looking into that " because New York limits body armor purchases to law enforcement , Zikuski said . Funerals for two victims were held Sunday afternoon at a local mosque . An interfaith memorial service for all the victims was held Sunday evening , and hundreds of people took part in a candlelight vigil afterward . Watch relatives remember one of the victims , Roberta "  Bobby " King " "  In a strange way , this tragedy has brought everyone together , " Binghamton Mayor Matthew Ryan said . "  We are a good community , a nonviolent community , " Ryan said earlier of the city of about 50,000 people about 140 miles northwest of New York City . "  And we are going to spread the word that this is a community that will come together and heal . " More details emerged over the weekend about the shooting . Wong used his car to barricade the center 's back door and entered through the front of the building , authorities said . Ryan said the car belonged to Wong 's father . Wong lived with his parents in Johnson City , near Binghamton , the site of a law enforcement search Friday . "  They took a computer hard drive -- they took an empty long gun case and some other bags , " the mayor said . Wong was known to practice target shooting there , acquaintances told state police . Angela Leach , a representative of the American Civic Association , read a statement through tears at a news conference Saturday . View photos from the scene in Binghamton " "  Whatever drove this individual to do what he did I can not possibly fathom , " Leach said . "  But we will come out of our grief and sadness more resolute in our mission and more dedicated than ever to help people realize the dream of American citizenship . " One of the victims was Omri Yigal 's wife , Dolores , Yigal told CNN . A native of the Philippines , she was taking English classes at the center to better herself . Yigal said he had no anger for the shooter . "  My thoughts are on my wife . I do n't have time for that now , " he said . Yigal said he felt "  grief for my wife and that 's it . " "  She 's come so far , " he said haltingly . He crossed his arms and his eyes to the ground . "  So much , " he said . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Authorities defend police response ; two funerals held Sunday Guns found at scene registered to suspected shooter , authorities say Suspect was taking English classes , also upset at losing job , police say Gunman kills 13 people , then self at Binghamton , New York , immigration center
Manufacturers of antibacterial hand soap and body wash will be required to prove their products are more effective than plain soap and water in preventing illness and the spread of infection , under a proposed rule announced Monday by the Food and Drug Administration . Those manufacturers also will be required to prove their products are safe for long-term use , the agency said . "  Millions of Americans use antibacterial hand soap and body wash products , " the agency said in a statement . "  Although consumers generally view these products as effective tools to help prevent the spread of germs , there is currently no evidence that they are any more effective at preventing illness than washing with plain soap and water . "  Further , some data suggest that long-term exposure to certain active ingredients used in antibacterial products -- for example , triclosan  liquid soaps  and triclocarban  bar soaps  -- could pose health risks , such as bacterial resistance or hormonal effects . " About 2,000 individual products contain these products , health officials said . "  Our goal is , if a company is making a claim that something is antibacterial and in this case promoting the concept that consumers who use these products can prevent the spread of germs , then there ought to be data behind that , " said Dr. Sandra Kweder , deputy director of the Office of New Drugs in FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  We think that companies ought to have data before they make these claims . " Studies in rats have shown a decrease in thyroid hormones with long-term exposure , she said . Collecting data from humans is "  very difficult " because the studies look at a long time period . Get dangerous germs out of your home Before the proposed rule is finalized , companies will need to provide data to support their claims , or -- if they do not -- the products will need to be reformulated or relabeled to remain on the market . "  This is a good first step toward getting unsafe triclosan off the market , " said Mae Wu , an attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council . "  FDA is finally taking concerns about triclosan seriously . Washing your hands with soap containing triclosan does n't make them cleaner than using regular soap and water and can carry potential health risks . The FDA first proposed removing triclosan from certain products in 1978 , the council said , "  but because the agency took no final action , triclosan has been found in more and more soaps . " In 2010 , the council said it sued FDA to force it to issue a final rule . The new proposed rule stems from a settlement in that suit , according to the NRDC . The rule is available for public comment for 180 days , with a concurrent one-year period for companies to submit new data and information , followed by a 60-day period for rebuttal comments , according to the FDA . The target deadline is June 2014 for the public comment period , then companies will have until December 2014 to submit data and studies . The FDA wants to finalize the rule and determine whether these products are "  generally recognized as safe and effective " by September 2016 . "  Antibacterial soaps and body washes are used widely and frequently by consumers in everyday home , work , school and public settings , where the risk of infection is relatively low , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  Due to consumers ' extensive exposure to the ingredients in antibacterial soaps , we believe there should be a clearly demonstrated benefit from using antibacterial soap to balance any potential risk . " The action is part of FDA 's ongoing review of antibacterial active ingredients , the agency said . Hand sanitizers , wipes and antibacterial products used in health care settings are not affected . Most hand sanitizers have 60 % alcohol or ethanol and are generally recognized as safe when water is n't available , Kweder said . However , health officials still believe washing hands with soap and water is the best method .	The FDA says there 's no evidence antibacterial washes are better than soap and water Some data shows there may be long-term health risks from exposure Hand sanitizers and wipes are not covered by the proposed rule
With one 16-year-old now in custody , authorities in Washington state late Friday hunted for another teen suspected of beating an 88-year-old World War II veteran to death . Delbert Belton was in the parking lot outside the Eagles Lodge in Spokane on Wednesday night , waiting for a friend to pick him to go bowling , when the two teens robbed and assaulted him , leading to his death , police Chief Frank Straub Jr. said . Both suspects have been arrested and convicted in the past , including on assault charges , according to the chief . "  We have somebody who served his country during World War II , was injured during his service , was a distinguished veteran , " Straub said . " ... I do n't really care , to be perfectly honest with you , what their motive was . We 're not going to tolerate that type of behavior . " Spokane police arrested one suspect Thursday night and charged him with first-degree murder and first-degree robbery . The other alleged 16-year-old culprit was still at large Friday evening . Straub identified him as Kenan Adams-Kinard , naming him even though he 's a juvenile because "  he represents ... an actual danger to the community . " "  We 're hoping that he surrenders , " the police chief said . "  But , if not , I can assure the community that he 'll be in custody pretty quickly . " ' A wonderful angel ' A retired aluminum company worker who served in the Pacific arena , Belton took a bullet in the leg during the Battle of Okinawa , friends say . Decades after that , he was well at home in Washington among his many friends , who affectionately called him "  Shorty " because of his diminutive height . "  He was awesome , " Lillian Duncan told The Spokesman-Review newspaper . "  Anybody that did n't get to know him missed out on a wonderful angel in their life . " One who did was Ted Denison , who called himself "  mechanic buddies " having worked on cars alongside Belton for over 20 years . The two also would go dancing and eat breakfast together . The Eagles Lodge was one of Belton 's favorite places , going there two or three times a week and playing pool even though , by his own admission , he was n't very good at it . According to the 42-year-old Denison , Belton never had problems outside the lodge before -- no threats , no altercations , nothing -- until Wednesday night . "  If he had , I would made sure I was there , " Denison said . Family says attack ` did n't seem real ' Police found Belton prone in the parking lot , with the Spokane County Medical Examiner 's Office determining he 'd died Thursday of blunt facial and head injuries . His daughter-in-law , Barbara Belton , told CNN 's Alina Machado that she could n't fathom the reason for and viciousness of the attack . "  He did n't drive a big fancy car . He did n't did n't dress in expensive clothes . He did n't have a lot of money , " she said . "  What did they think they were going to get from this man ? " After the incident , police scoured surveillance videos , wiped a nearby chain link fence for fingerprints and used dogs to hunt for clues . Meanwhile , the veteran 's family is trying to make sense of his sudden death . Barbara Belton -- who broke the bad news to the victim 's 65-year-old son , William , who is suffering from cancer and happened to be in the hospital -- said that "  it did n't seem real . " She said : "  It 's a terrible way to have to die . "	Police chief vows wanted suspect "  will be in custody pretty quickly " This teen is being ID 'd because he 's a public "  danger , " chief says 2 teens robbed , assaulted to death Delbert "  Shorty " Belton , a World War II vet Delbert "  Shorty " Belton , a World War II vet , died Thursday after the beating
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey has regained the top spot on Forbes magazine 's annual most powerful celebrities list . The TV personality has been a runner-up for the past two years , but on Wednesday it was revealed that Oprah has regained her crown . It is the fifth time the 59-year-old star has topped the prestigious list of 100 celebrities , beating out stiff competition from the likes of chart superstars Lady Gaga , BeyoncÃ © and Madonna . Jennifer Lopez - who was No. 1 last year - dropped to 12th place in this year 's rankings . Oprah made an estimated $ 77 million between June 2012 and June 2013 , down from last year 's $ 165 million . However , despite not being the highest earner on Forbes magazine 's list , "  her money , mixed with strong fame scores in metrics like press mentions and social networking power , pushed her to the top , " said Forbes writer Dorothy Pomerantz . "  She still wields an enormous amount of power , which is really what we look for in our fame matrix . She is taking this cable network and turning it around just through the sheer force of her will , her connections and her ability , " Pomerantz continued . Lady Gaga ranked second on the list , despite having to cut her tour short because of a hip injury . The eccentric star 's social media success and press influence pushed her up the list , aside from her $ 80 million earnings . Esteemed Hollywood director Steven Spielberg came in third , while BeyoncÃ © and Madonna claimed the fourth and fifth spots , respectively . Taylor Swift came in sixth place , Bon Jovi was named in seventh position , while Roger Federer and Justin Bieber came in eighth and ninth places . Ellen DeGeneres was also named in the top ten , coming in just behind Bieber . The Celebrity 100 is based on income over a 12-month period and fame . This element is defined by media influence and social media power , including Twitter and Instagram . Oprah is one of three celebrities who have been featured on the list every year since 1999 . Howard Stern and Steven Spielberg also hold this honor . See the original story at CoverMG.com .	Oprah Winfrey is back at No. 1 on Forbes ' list of the 100 most powerful celebrities The media mogul had slipped to No. 2 for the past two years She 's not the highest earner on the list , but fame scores and social networking helped Lady Gaga came in at No. 2 , while Steven Spielberg was No. 3 on the list
Washington  CNN  -- A JPMorgan Chase executive admitted to Congress that the bank did a "  terrible job " of dealing with military home loans . The bank has admitted to overcharging approximately 4,500 members of the U.S. military on their mortgages and said it accidentally foreclosed on 18 service members ' homes . Active duty personnel are covered under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act  SCRA  . The law caps interest on debt incurred before service , such as mortgage or credit card debt , at 6 % while active , and also prevents foreclosure proceedings from beginning until nine months after the service member returns from active duty . "  I would like to express to the men and women serving our country and to the members of this committee , Chase 's deepest regret over the mistakes we 've made in applying these protections . I commit to you that we will get this right , " Stephanie Mudick , an executive vice president in JPMorgan Chase 's Office of Consumer Practices , told the House Committee on Veterans Affairs Wednesday . But Mudick 's mea culpa was not enough for many on the committee . "  You broke the law , your bank broke the law , should n't someone go to jail for that ? " Rep. Bob Filner , D-California , charged . "  Who 's responsible ? Are you , as the executive VP who was given to us from the bank to answer for this stuff , should you go to jail ? " Mudick said an internal review would be conducted and that JPMorgan Chase would advise the committee on the results of that probe . But Filner said someone must be held responsible . "  You 'll take this seriously , if somebody went to jail with a white collar , " he said . Mudick blamed much of JPMorgan Chase 's mistakes on human error , citing the complexity of reading military orders that are needed to prove active duty service , and problems with not coding SCRA cases to reflect their eligibility for the interest cap and foreclosure prevention benefits . "  We were misreading orders and not calculating the period of eligibility correctly . As a result , we were not correctly ascertaining when and how the interest rate adjustment should be made , " Mudick explained . Rep. Timothy Walz , D-Minnesota , is a veteran of the National Guard . He suggested Mudick 's answer was ridiculous . "  That is the weakest answer I have ever heard given in front of this committee , that we could n't read the military orders , coming from one of the largest financial institutions in the world , " he said . The congressman pulled up his Chase credit card agreement on his iPad . He pointed out that Chase seemed to have no problem creating a 63-page document "  to calculate interest to the exact penny , " but then claimed to not be able to understand a military order . "  Are you going to stick to this that you could n't read this ? That is a standard military order ... that any 17-year-old kid can read , " he said . Mudick again acknowledged the bank 's failure , but pointed to new safeguards that had been put in place to make sure the mistakes were not repeated . They include a centralized unit set up to specialize in SCRA loans , with employees trained in reading military orders , as well as a new hotline staffed by employees trained specifically on how to answer SCRA borrower questions . JPMorgan Chase will return $ 2.4 million to the thousands of servicemember borrowers affected , adding 7.25 % interest to the refunds owed . Out of the 18 homes wrongfully foreclosed upon , 12 have either been canceled or a settlement with the borrower was reached . The other six are still being worked on . JPMorgan Chase was n't the only target in the committee hearing . Lawmakers also faulted the Defense Department for not staying on top of the banks with regards to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act . "  Did  Defense  Secretary  Robert  Gates say , ` Hey , we 've got to protect our people and make sure the banks serve them ? ' It did n't happen , " Filner said to Col. Shawn Shumake , who was representing the Defense Department . "  Get the damn presidents of Chase and Bank of America into a room and say ` You have a responsibility here . ' Do n't send us the 150th ranking executive vice president , but you all take responsibility for this . Bring them into the room . " The committee 's concerns that banks are not taking the civil relief act seriously enough were echoed in the testimony of one attorney representing service members in a class action lawsuit against Chase . "  I was a state prosecutor for 12 years in South Carolina . Every person we ever caught breaking the law , taking something that was n't theirs , was more than willing to give it back , give them mea culpa and be on their way , " said Richard Harpootlian . Harpootlian is representing Marine Capt. Jonathan Rowles , the first servicemember to sue Chase . The attorney charged that stiffer sanctions should be applied to those who break the law , including upgrading the crime of knowingly not complying with SCRA from a misdemeanor to a felony , removing the one-year sentence cap associated with it , imposing civil fines , and providing for the recovery of attorney fees . Rowles says he spent the last five years dealing with "  harassing " phone calls from Chase . He agrees that the criminal penalties should be increased and he 'd like to see Chase prosecuted . "  It was difficult . Everybody wants to be strong , but when you call your wife at 2 a.m. to see how things are going and you spend 20 minutes discussing how you can send another letter ... instead of ' I love you , how are the babies , ' it 's rough ... It 's still in the back of your mind , " said Rowles . A recent Defense Department study showed that service members consider their finances to be the second largest source of stress in their lives , ahead of deployments , health , family and war . Many on the committee worried about the toll this issue is taking . "  Anything that 's adding stress to a service member , especially in a combat zone , is incredibly risky behavior , so no stone should go unturned , " said Walz .	Bank admits faults in military home loans JPMorgan Chase executive says changes have been made Service members cite finances as their second largest source of stress , a study shows
CNN  -- Japan has more than 50 nuclear power plants and had planned to build two dozen more by 2030 , according to a professor who has written on Japanese energy and security policy . Japan relies heavily on nuclear power because of a lack of resources for other energy forms . CNN.com spoke with Richard J. Samuels , the director of MIT 's Center for International Studies , about Japan 's nuclear power history . Below is a transcript of that conversation : Question : Why did Japan so readily turn to nuclear power when the country experienced the terrible effects of nuclear radiation when it was bombed during World War II ? Samuels : It 's a good question , but it 's a fairly easy one to answer . Despite that history , Japan is resource poor . And its resource poverty trumped its unpleasant history with nuclear radiation . That is , Japan knew that it would need more resources if it were going to transform itself into a global powerhouse . And it had no oil . It was running out of coal and there was no liquefied natural gas in the 1950s . The economy was getting uncorked and ramped up at unprecedented speed . And they needed energy . So nuclear power was very attractive for that reason . Secondly , it was an entirely new frontier technologically in a country that has always been an avid consumer of advanced technology . Third , it presented an enormous business opportunity , particularly for the power reactor vendors : Toshiba , Mitsubishi , and Hitachi . It was also great for the construction industry . So large-scale business in Japan was earliest out of the gate in support of Japan 's acquisition of nuclear technology and for signing up for the Atoms for Peace Program in the 1950s . Question : Are the power plants related to the U.S. reconstruction efforts there after World War II ? Samuels : No , it comes a little bit after that . By 1954 , when the Atoms for Peace program was getting uncorked , the Japanese economy had been reconstructed . Thanks in part to the Korean War and the demand for heavy equipment for the U.S. military , a lot of Japanese industry had come back on line -- steel , shipbuilding . This led to high-speed growth , which really took off by the 1960s at exactly the same moment Japanese nuclear power came online . Question : What sort of considerations were taken into consideration in those early years about building nuclear plants in a heavy earthquake zone ? Samuels : From the very beginning , it was acknowledged there was a risk and so engineers were cognizant of the dangers at the time . But the thirst for energy and a general optimism about technology trumped their concerns . ... Question : How many nuclear power plants are there in Japan ? Samuels : There are 54 . ... That 's No. 2 in the world after France in terms of the percentage of electric power supply . And the latest basic energy law in Japan has a "  nuclear first " caste to it . Under those guidelines , more than two dozen more would be built by 2030 . I can not imagine that these plans will be operative at this point . Question : What else should people know about the country 's nuclear plants ? Samuels : The cause of greatest concern is probably the Fast Breeder Reactor Program . The FBR was adopted based on a Japanese desire to "  close the fuel cycle . " Japan is , after all , driven by an ideology of a resource poverty . So the prospect of self-reliance in energy -- in the form of the Fast Breeder Reactor -- became the Holy Grail . This was embraced as national policy despite its use of plutonium fuel and despite the risks of diversion . There is also concern that Japan 's neighbors might view its FBR as a shortcut to nuclear weapons program . The French and the Americans both abandoned it . But Japan went ahead . And there have been accidents with them . Question : There have been several accidents over the last two decades involving Japanese nuclear plants , including allegations of cover-ups . Tell us about those . Samuels : Let 's just say the Japanese regulatory system did n't acquit itself well in those earlier cases . ... You do notice a marked difference between this crisis and the way that they responded to the last earthquake -- that they learned from the 1995 earthquake in Kobe about how to respond , how to accept help from abroad . And one can only hope that they moved to enhance the nuclear regulatory system in Japan . In Kobe , they failed to mobilize their military in a timely way . They refused to accept foreign assistance . They invoked silly regulations about the type of medicines that could be distributed . They simply bungled the search-and-rescue efforts . Many people attribute some portion of the more than 6,000 deaths from that disaster to the ineptitude of the Japanese government . Importantly , no one is making those accusations this time . The government was very quick to mobilize troops . Indeed , this is the largest mobilization of Japanese forces since World War II . There are 100,000 troops deployed right now . This is huge and important . How many lives they can save in a catastrophe of this magnitude , we do n't know . But it is certainly a different response than the one we saw 16 years ago .	Japan turned to nuclear power because of a lack of resources for other energy forms Expert : Japan has 54 nuclear power plants , had planned two dozen more by 2030 Response to current crisis far improved since 1995 quake , expert says
CNN  -- How do you dispose of Syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles ? Call in private industry . The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons announced Friday it has invited chemical disposal firms to let the group know if they 're interested , but added that it 's working on a tight schedule . The request for "  expressions of interest " comes a week after the organization 's executive council asked its director-general to explore "  options for destruction in chemical disposal facilities " of chemicals that Syria has declared . The document lists 19 chemicals . Most of Syria 's declared chemical weapons program includes common industrial chemicals or otherwise chemicals that can safely be rendered harmless or destroyed , the OPCW said . An estimated 1.8 million pounds  800 metric tons  , accounting for a major part of Syria 's stockpile , is to be disposed of commercially at a cost estimated at $ 47 million to $ 54 million , it added . The companies will also destroy the effluent resulting from the "  effective destruction " of higher-priority chemicals . But hurry . The closing date for receipt of an expression of interest is November 29 . A joint OPCW-United Nations team charged with overseeing the destruction of the weapons began inspecting sites in October . The U.N. Security Council resolution that authorized the mission set a deadline of mid-2014 for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons or face consequences . The OPCW said it expected that "  the most critical chemicals " would be removed from Syria by the end of 2013 . The U.N. resolution on Syria 's chemical weapons was based on a deal struck between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said at least 1,400 people died in the attack . Syria denied responsibility , blaming rebel forces . In an update last Friday , the OPCW said it had verified that more than 60 % of Syria 's declared unfilled munitions had been destroyed . Syria has committed to destroy all unfilled warheads and bombs by January 31 . It follows its announcement on October 31 that Syria had destroyed all its declared chemical weapons mixing , filling and production facilities and that all of the chemical weapons at inspected sites were under seal . Opposition factions unite The movement on the chemical weapons front came as six opposition fighting factions announced Friday the formation of a new alliance : the Islamic Front . "  This blessed front has been formed with the will of God to fulfill our countrymen 's ambitions in Syria and in accordance with their aspirations and to pave the way for the gradual unification of factions and founding movements , " Ahmed Issa Alsheikh , an official of the group , said in a video statement on Al Jazeera Arabic . The alliance includes tens of thousands of fighters from some of Syria 's most powerful Islamist groups , including Ahrar al-Sham , Suqour al-Sham , the Islamic Army and the Tawhid Brigade . The groups control territory in key areas across Syria and have been fighting forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad along the critical lines of Damascus and Aleppo , among others . "  The Islamic Front will be militarily , politically , and socially independent and its aim will be the complete fall of the Assad regime and the creation of a sovereign Islamic state , " Abu Firas , a spokesman for the Tawhid Brigade , the largest rebel faction in Aleppo , said in an online statement . The announcement diminishes the stature of the Western-backed Free Syrian Army and its leadership abroad , the Syrian National Coalition , as leaders inside the country seek to distance themselves from a command structure criticized for failing to serve the opposition 's needs on the ground . "  This will change and it will increase our numbers and unify our ideology , " said Capt. Islam Alloush , a spokesman for the Islamic Army , an alliance member , in an interview with CNN . "  We are optimistic that this will make us stronger . " The moves come after the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant succeeded as the predominant military force in northern Syria , marginalizing and even fighting Syria 's more moderate factions . ISIS 's largely foreign fighting force poses a threat to cash-strapped rebel groups competing for funding , resources and influence in Syria 's more than two-year civil war . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement and is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	Chemical weapons group requests "  expressions of interest " from private industry Slated for destruction : 1.8 million pounds of chemicals A deadline of mid-2014 has been set for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons Six opposition factions announce the formation of a new alliance : the Islamic Front
CNN  I am American . Italian-American . Or maybe I 'm American-Italian or an American of Italian descent . Nah , I 'm Italian-American . It 's how I was raised to think of myself , even though I was born in the most American of cities , Canton , Ohio . In 1920 , a group of men meeting in downtown Canton founded the National Football League . What 's more American than that ? In that same year , the number of Italian immigrants living in Northeast Ohio exploded . Some 60,000 Italians called this most American of states home , including my Grandma and Grandpa Costello . And the Recchios on my mother 's side . I am Italian as far back as the "  proverbial they " can trace . And I was raised to be proud of it . I grew up dancing the tarantella and doing the hustle , fearing the malocchio and the monster under my bed , playing the morra and diving for baseballs , and arguing for no good reason at all . As Grandma Costello always told us , "  Never forget where you came from . " She insisted on that , even though only two of her nine children and dozens of grandchildren were born in Italy . Did n't matter . That 's how she felt , and that 's how we felt . But not everyone agrees . Ever since Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal proclaimed he 's not a "  hyphenated American , " as in "  Indian-American , " the debate over "  who is us " has grown more heated . Like many immigrants today , my grandparents came to America not because they fell in love with American culture , but because they were desperate to escape poverty . My Grandpa , Vincenzo Costello , fought for the United States in World War I so he could become an American citizen . Keep in mind that in the early 1900s , Italians were not the beloved paesanos they are today . They were ridiculed for their dark skin , for practicing Catholicism , and do n't even get me started on the Mafia thing . Even Joe DiMaggio could not escape ridicule . A 1939 Life magazine article described the Yankee great 's heritage like this , "  Instead of olive oil or smelly bear grease , he keeps his hair slick with water . He never reeks of garlic . ... " In spite of that , Grandpa Costello grew to love America . My grandmother did , too , but she also desperately missed "  the Old Country . " She used to tell my Aunt Nancy that she could n't bear to visit Italy because she would want to stay there . That did n't make her un-American . She loved her Italian heritage , but she also loved America . So we embraced the rich culture of there and here and developed a strong sense of identity that so many in this country yearn to hold on to . "  I grew up telling people I was American , " Chun Yee Yip O'Neill , a native New Yorker who works for the city 's Museum of Chinese in America , told me . She added , "  But , people were not satisfied with that answer . So , when I went to college , I said , wait a minute , they do n't see me as American , so I 'll call myself Chinese-American . " The current exhibition at the museum explores Chinese-American identity . O'Neill agreed to talk to me about her personal beliefs . She told me , "  I feel very strongly about keeping customs . Leaving a legacy . Especially since I became a mother . My husband is British , we grapple with identity all the time . Is our daughter a global citizen ? Where does she fit in ? " The new ABC sitcom , "  Fresh Off the Boat , " premiering Wednesday night , will explore similar identity issues . Like the comedy , "  Black-ish , " and the coming PBS documentary , "  The Italian Americans , " it will delve into how much cultural diversity should matter when it comes to being American . In "  Fresh Off the Boat , " the story centers around a Taiwanese Chinese immigrant family who moves from Washington , D.C. 's Chinatown to mostly white Orlando , Florida . It 's based on Chef Eddie Huang 's 2013 memoir of the same name . The 11-year-old star of "  Fresh Off the Boat , " Hudson Yang , told me his character , Eddie , wants to "  prove he can be part of the group , that he 's the same as anybody else , " despite the fact his parents are Asian . In real life , Yang said , he thinks "  being Asian is cool , " but added , "  I do n't really care if I was any other race . It would n't matter to me . " It 's a sentiment that makes me both happy and a little sad . Eric Liu , who wrote "  A Chinaman 's Chance , " a book about his own cultural identity , would most likely agree . "  This idea that we 're a melting pot , to me it 's the wrong metaphor , " Liu told me . "  We 're not just thrown into this pot and cooked together and we all come out together the same beige-brown-blob . That 's not what happens . What happens is that all of these influences get thrown together , woven together , and hybrids get made . Little hybrids of Italian and Jewish and Chinese and African-American identities and styles ... get meshed together . And we 're hardly conscious of it because we 're in it . It 's like water to fish . " Like water to fish . I would guess my youngest cousins will have no idea what Liu means . But , I do . And I 'm glad .	Carol Costello : I am proud to be Italian-American Since Bobby Jindal says he 's not a "  hyphenated American , " as in "  Indian-American , " debate over "  who is us " has grown
CNN  -- Six members of the Newtown Strong team who ran the Boston Marathon on Monday are OK , according to a Facebook post from the group . "  Members of the Newtown Strong team which ran in today 's marathon are safe . All runners completed the race before the explosions happened , " the post said . The runners ran the 26.2-mile event to honor the 26 people who were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 . The Newtown Patch reported there were six runners from the town in the race , including Laura Nowacki , whose daughter survived the shooting . Marathon organizers held a 26-second moment of silence before the race to honor the first graders and educators who were killed by Adam Lanza and dedicated the final mile to the victims . The Newtown Strong Fund is a scholarship fund for the siblings and relatives of the victims of the school massacre . Lanza also killed his mother , Nancy , at the family 's home .	Runners ran the 26.2-mile race to honor 26 victims killed at Sandy Hook Elementary Newtown Strong 's Facebook post says all of them are safe The group raises money for siblings of those killed in December
CNN  -- An Air Force nurse has been charged with murdering three terminally ill patients by giving them fatal overdoses , the Air Force said Tuesday . Capt. Michael Fontana is continuing to work at Wildford Hall Medical Center . Capt. Michael Fontana , a nurse at Wilford Hall Medical Center at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas , also was charged Monday with conduct unbecoming an officer for changing a medical document . "  The charges are the result of an Air Force investigation that occurred after irregularities were discovered in Capt. Fontana 's administration of medications which may have resulted in the death of an end-of-life patient , " hospital spokesman David Smith told reporters . The nurse was charged with three counts of violating Article 118 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . "  It is considered murder , " Smith said . After an Article 32 hearing , akin to a civilian grand jury proceeding , the commander will decide whether the case goes to court-martial . The three deaths occurred in July , Smith said . He cited the privacy act in refusing to divulge the suspect 's age and hometown . He said he did not know the motive but was confident no other patients were victimized . "  We know that there are no other patients involved in this case , " he said . Fontana , an intensive-care unit nurse who has been working at the hospital since 2006 , the year he joined the Air Force , has been released on his own recognizance and is continuing to work at the hospital , though he is no longer involved in patient care , Smith said . "  As far as we can tell , he has been an exemplary nurse , " Smith said . Fontana also served as a nurse at the Air Force Theater Hospital in Balad , Iraq , Smith said . His work there was investigated , "  and there was nothing found , " he said . A call to a San Antonio phone number listed as belonging to Michael Fontana got a message that said , "  Thank you for calling . Due to the ongoing investigation , I have no comment for you right now , but I do appreciate your call and will talk to you soon . " Relatives of the dead patients have requested privacy , the Air Force said . Wilford Hall Medical Center is the Air Force 's largest medical facility .	Man is accused of giving terminally ill patients fatal overdoses He worked at a hospital at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas He is also charged with conduct unbecoming an officer
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- They are coming from cities across China , including Beijing and Shanghai : Students are leaving mainland China for the opportunity to study in Hong Kong instead . "  We are a small elite who can afford freedom beyond China 's great firewall , " says "  Li Cheng " from Shanghai . Li , a student at the University of Hong Kong , did not want to disclose his real name or details about his study program , fearing consequences back home . "  I live in one country , but it feels like having two identities , " Li said . "  In Shanghai , I use special software to access sites blacklisted by the government , like Twitter or the uncensored version of Google . "  In Hong Kong , I am taught to integrate these tools in my research . " In the past , students such as Li would have to travel to far-away countries to get around Beijing 's control of information . Now , they are taking advantage of Hong Kong 's special administrative status that allows for a "  one country , two systems " rule until 2047 . Hong Kong is nothing like mainland China in terms of its free flow of information , freedom of speech and multiparty political system . Those differences were recently emphasized by Google 's row with the Chinese government over censorship . In March , Google announced it was routing its users to an uncensored version of the internet search engine based in Hong Kong , amid speculation that Google would pull out of China entirely . China 's reaction to Google 's announcement "  When Google redirected its site from China to Hong Kong , it meant a lot of publicity for our free harbor , " said David Bandurski , a China analyst at the University of Hong Kong  HKU  . He studies censorship issues . " -LSB- Google 's -RSB- move has emphasized Hong Kong 's significance in China , benefiting from the rule of law and its potential as a free information hub . " Many young Chinese have explored that hub since 1997 when the the British colony was handed over to China , paving the way for Chinese from the mainland to apply to universities in Hong Kong . The influx of students applying from the mainland created fierce competition to enter Hong Kong 's top universities . The number of mainland Chinese applying for HKU 's undergraduate program has increased more than tenfold in the past decade . In 2008 , some 12,000 mainlanders applied for the 300 slots that HKU reserves for students from mainland China . Li Cheng said he considers himself very lucky to be studying in Hong Kong "  Free access to information is a need and a privilege , " he said . The influx of talent such as Li could signify a brain drain for mainland China , according to Bandurski . "  Without political reform , economic growth in China will decline , " he said . "  Talents will leave China . Students and teachers who want to have more access to information are not dissidents anymore . They are becoming the mainstream . " Asia 's top five universities are now located in Hong Kong , Singapore and Japan -- outstripping their rivals in mainland China -- according to a recent ranking of QS , a higher education information network company . The top mainland school was Peking University in Beijing in 12th place , down from its previous ranking of 10 . See Asian university rankings The data show that "  the tide has turned , " according to Paul Denlinger , an internet consultant based in Hong Kong and Beijing . "  During the dotcom era -LSB- of the 1990s -RSB- , head-hunters were looking for talent from universities in Shanghai and Beijing , " Denlinger said . "  Now they are coming to Hong Kong . " With new freedom at hand , only a few fresh HKU graduates have returned to the mainland . Last year , only 3 percent of HKU graduates from mainland China returned home to look for a job . That matches the trend of Chinese students studying overseas . More than 70 percent of the more than 1 million Chinese students abroad did not return home after graduation between 1978 and 2006 , according to a report by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Aware of this brain drain , the Chinese government has recently introduced a plan to attract highly qualified students back to the mainland promising better living standards , including favorable access to medical care . But that has n't tempted Li Chang who , like many of his friends , wants to stay in Hong Kong . "  I love my country , but I do n't want to give up on my right to access information , " he said .	More students are leaving mainland China to study in Hong Kong universities Some say it 's because of the government 's restrictions to the internet Many who leave mainland China to study elsewhere never return China is trying to lure highly qualified students back by promising better living standards
Paris , France  CNN  -- More than a million people went on strike in France Tuesday -- the biggest demonstrations yet in a series of rolling strikes against government plans to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62 . The Ministry of the Interior said as many as 1.2 million people walked out of work , while unions put the figure at 3.5 million . There were about 250 demonstrations across the country , the government said . About 89,000 people took to the streets of the capital Paris , police said , while unions said it was 330,000 . Either way , the numbers are bigger than the last protest in Paris , which police estimated to be 65,000 marchers . One of the most visible signs of the strike was the presence of students throughout the city in the middle of what should have been their school day . Public school teachers joined the strike and no classes were held Tuesday . A noisy , yelling throng of 300 to 400 students got off a southbound Line 4 Metro train at the Montparnasse station around 12:45 p.m.  6:45 a.m. ET  , one of them banging on a drum . One of the young people smiled and waved as they exited the station in unison . To a casual observer , the strike did not seem to affect many aspects of Parisian life . The Metro trains that were not affected ran on time and were not unduly overcrowded . Vehicle traffic inside the city seemed to flow the same as it had the previous day . Businesses that had been open Monday remained so Tuesday . The strikes are the fourth in the past month in the showdown between workers and the government -- but Tuesday 's have no set end date . Rather than end the strike after 24 hours , as the unions have previously done , this time they promised to vote every day on whether to continue . A prolonged strike could lead to chaos with transportation and the delivery of goods . Paris transport workers have already voted to strike again Wednesday , which will affect the Paris Metro , buses and RER trains . Rail workers have also said they will stay off the job Wednesday , and air transport workers are voting Tuesday night on whether to continue industrial action , a transport union spokesman told CNN . The open-ended strike over pension reforms began days after the Senate began voting on the pension reform bill . The lower house has already passed it . Workers in French refineries were also joining the labor action , raising the specter of fuel and gas shortages if the strikes continue . Francois Chereque , head of the trade union French Democratic Confederation of Labour  CFDT  , said Tuesday it is the unions ' "  last chance to make the government back down . " "  We understand that a reform is needed , but this one is not fair , " he said . "  This is going to be a big demonstration and the government is playing with fire . The only way we can make the government back down is by taking a tough line . " Chereque said he wanted the walkouts to last , but he noted many employees do n't have the means to pay for repeated strikes . The strikes were disrupting travel Tuesday , with only about one in five regional trains operating , officials said . Airports were faring only slightly better , with half of the flights from Paris ' Orly and a third of the flights from Charles de Gaulle cancelled Tuesday . About a quarter of education workers were on strike , the Interior Ministry said Tuesday -- very slightly below the percentage who walked off the job September 23 . Just over 14 percent of public hospital workers took to the picket lines , slightly higher than last month . Raising the retirement age is a key part of the government 's pension reform plans , currently in the hands of the Senate after passing the National Assembly , the lower house of Parliament . The Senate may vote on the full spate of reforms by the end of the week . President Nicolas Sarkozy has a majority in both houses of Parliament , meaning the measures are expected to pass . Nearly 70 percent of the French public back the unions standing up to the reforms , according to polls published in French newspapers Sunday . CNN 's Arthur Brice , Winnie Andrews , Jim Bittermann and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : More than a million people went on strike Tuesday , the most cautious estimates say Unions promise to vote each day whether to continue striking The protest is over plans to raise the retirement age to 62 Senate may vote on the full spate of reforms by the end of the week
London  CNN  -- Four people in the United Kingdom , including a journalist at The Sun newspaper , have been charged in a police probe into alleged payments for newspaper stories involving the royal family , British prosecutors said Wednesday . They will appear before Westminster Magistrates Court on May 8 . Their cases stem from Operation Elveden , a police probe into "  allegations involving the unlawful provision of information by public officials to journalists . " One of the men charged is Duncan Larcombe , royal editor at The Sun , Britain 's best-selling tabloid and part of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. empire . He faces a charge of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office . John Hardy and Claire Hardy , who worked at the Sandhurst military academy during the time Princes Harry and William were based there , also are charged with conspiracy to commit public misconduct in office . John Hardy served as a color sergeant at Sandhurst and Claire Hardy is his wife . "  It is alleged that from 10 February 2006 to 15 October 2008 , 34 payments were made to either John Hardy or Claire Hardy totaling over Â # 23,000 for stories relating mainly to the Royal Family or matters at Sandhurst , " prosecutors said in a statement . The fourth is Tracy Bell , a Defense Ministry pharmacy assistant at the Sandhurst medical center , who is charged with one count of misconduct in public office . "  It is alleged that Tracy Bell received Â # 1,250 between 17 October 2005 and 7 July 2006 relating to five articles published in The Sun regarding matters at Sandhurst , " the prosecutors said . London 's Metropolitan Police is running Operation Elveden parallel to a probe into claims that UK journalists hacked people 's voice mails to get stories . The two investigations were set up in the wake of the scandal over an allegation that in 2002 , the voice mail of a missing 13-year-old girl , Milly Dowler , was hacked by an investigator working for the News of the World newspaper before she was found murdered . The furor led to the closure of News International 's Sunday tabloid , the News of the World , in 2011 . Dozens of arrests have been made in connection with the two inquiries . An executive editor at The Sun , Fergus Shanahan , was charged last week for alleged illegal payments to a public official . Shanahan is due at Westminster Magistrates Court on the same day as the four people charged Wednesday . ` Collective amnesia ' Separately , the UK police watchdog released the findings Wednesday of its inquiry into Surrey Police 's handling of the hacking of Milly Dowler 's voice mail . Surrey Police officers appear to be "  afflicted by a form of collective amnesia " in relation to the force 's failure to investigate an allegation in 2002 that the News of the World had hacked the teenager 's phone , said the Independent Police Complaints Commission . No action was taken to investigate the claim despite it being known about at all levels , the IPCC said . "  We will never know what would have happened had Surrey Police carried out an investigation into the hacking of Milly Dowler 's phone in 2002 , " said Deborah Glass , IPCC deputy chairwoman , in a statement . "  Phone hacking was a crime and this should have been acted upon , if not in 2002 , then later , once the News of the World 's widespread use of phone hacking became a matter of public knowledge and concern . " Surrey Police has since apologized to the Dowler family . READ MORE : Sun executive editor faces charge over alleged corrupt payments	Four are charged in connection with alleged payments for stories involving the royal family One is Duncan Larcombe , royal editor at The Sun , Britain 's best-selling tabloid newspaper Two others worked at a military academy while Princes William and Harry were there UK police have been investigating claims of corrupt payments for information by the media
CNN  -- If you lose a leg , insurance will likely cover the cost of your prosthesis . If you lose your arm , it 's the same . Even if you lose your ability to perform sexually , more than likely your Viagra is covered . But if you start to lose your hearing , far too often you are on your own . If hearing loss were officially considered a disability , it would rank as the largest disability class in the country . Some 37 million people suffer from hearing loss , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and that number will only grow as the population ages . Yet most private medical insurance does n't cover the cost of hearing aids . While the Department of Veterans Affairs often pays for them , in most cases Medicare , which covers many more people , does not . The Affordable Care Act expanded coverage to include newborn hearing screenings when it passed in 2010 , but that was the single preventive-care expansion related to hearing problems . It would take an actual act of Congress to change it further . Only 19 states require that health benefits plans in their states pay for hearing aids ; most cover children only , according to the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association . Only three states require coverage for both children and adults . When private insurance does pay , it typically covers the cost of an exam to assess hearing loss , and that 's about it . The devices are expensive , sometimes costing in the $ 1,000 to $ 6,000 range -- and that 's per ear . Perhaps this explains , at least in part , why 75 % to 80 % of adults with hearing loss do not get hearing aids , according to a recent study done by Virginia Ramachandran , a senior staff audiologist in the Division of Audiology of the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit . Her study showed the only group that consistently got hearing aids had insurance that paid for them in full . Hearing aids are considered elective , much like plastic surgery or liposuction . But unlike those cosmetic procedures , life without hearing can have devastating effects . It can leave people feeling isolated or depressed and may even lead to serious illnesses like dementia . It can put their safety at risk . "  It 's really an invisible disability , " said Laura Hansen , owner of Assist2Hear , a Littleton , Colorado-based hearing assistance company . She got involved in the profession after seeing her father struggle when he started losing his hearing . No one was there to really advocate for him , she said . "  You know , I think it stays invisible in part because of our culture , " she said . "  My parents ' generation kind of accepted their hearing loss as just a way of life , and they did n't want to fuss with the technology , but ultimately they ended up isolating themselves . " Audiologist Virginia Ramachandran would agree . "  People do n't always perceive that they need  hearing aids  , because hearing loss comes on gradually . Usually they are the last person to know . Eventually , though , we all go through this , " Ramachandran said . We start losing our hearing as early as our 20s , but most people are n't aware of it -- or they 're in denial . "  Maybe it 's because it makes people think about their mortality , or it makes them feel old , " Ramachandran said . "  I had one 90-year-old patient who came to me and when I confirmed they did have hearing loss , they said , ' I do n't understand what could have caused this . ' I had to tell them as we mature , this is a natural part of the process . " Most people Hansen talks to are surprised that hearing aids are n't typically covered by insurance . She said she thinks that will change as her baby boom generation gets older and needs them more . "  Unlike our parents ' generation , we are not afraid to complain . I do think you 'll see a lot more pressure on the government and on private companies to pay for more , " Hansen said . But until then , do n't expect to see this change any time soon . "  There are 35 other mandated benefits you have to cover , " said Susan Pisano , vice president of communications for America 's Health Insurance Plans , a professional association that represents the health insurance industry . "  To add something else -- especially with the high cost of health care , which will only continue to go up -- it is going to be a hard argument to make . " Where the argument might get easier is with children . "  Hearing devices are an absolute necessity for children , " Ramachandran said . "  They are still developing speech and language , so they need to hear . Older people do need them , but they have an advantage over children with hearing loss . They already have experience with language , and their brain can sometimes fill in the gap with words they do n't always hear . Children do n't have that experience , and untreated hearing loss will severely hurt their development . " Jocelyn Ross knows that worry all too well . Her daughter Alyssa , born in 2009 , is one of the 13,000 or so children born in the U.S. each year with congenital hearing loss . It is one of the most common sensory birth defects . In South Carolina , where the Ross family lives , roughly 4 % of infants fail the newborn hearing screening , according to Ross . Yet none of them receive any help under the state 's public health law . Ross is trying to change that . She founded Let South Carolina Hear and helped persuade a state legislator to introduce a bill this year that would cover at least part of the cost . The legislation did n't make it through this session , but Ross is hopeful it will pass someday . She needs to be . Ross says each of her daughter 's behind-the-ear hearing aids cost $ 2,500 . The devices require constant adjustment and will need to be replaced every few years as Alyssa grows older . If Ross lived in neighboring North Carolina , at least some of the cost of Alyssa 's devices would be covered , but because she lives in South Carolina , that cost comes out of her pocket . "  This is a major life function , especially for children , " Ross said . "  I do n't want her to have any limits , and with the devices she can do anything she wants to do . This is an expense that would be hard for anyone , but you do what you have to do . " She says she worries , though , about the families that ca n't find that $ 2,500 , and wonders what happens to their children , because she 's seen how much hearing aids have transformed her daughter 's life . "  Even when she was 2 , she would point to her ears if the batteries got low , " Ross said . "  She only takes them off when she wants to go to sleep . She wants very much to be a part of the world , and she needs them to do this -- and so do so many others . " Have you experienced hearing loss ? How do you feel about this ? Please share your perspective with us in the comments below .	75 % to 80 % of adults with hearing loss do n't get hearing aids Hearing aids cost from $ 1,000 to $ 6,000 per ear Most private insurance companies and Medicare do n't pay for them Almost everyone has some hearing loss over time
CNN  -- If there 's one thing that kills bedroom coziness , home decorators say , it 's a bed-in-a-bag set . It might seem like a smart idea to buy everything together , but ultra-coordinated , flat bedding and stiff comforters often found in bagged bedding are the enemy of an inviting bedroom , said Holly Browning , DIY blogger and former home accent and interior designer . "  Fluff is key , like clouds or cotton , " Browning said . For her , and many decorators who contributed to this week 's "  inviting bedrooms " Open House assignment , the feel of bedding is important . Whether it 's crisp , white sheets from a store like Target or expensive , vintage-looking throws from Anthropologie , decorators say it 's important to feel like you 're sleeping on a cloud . And to get that feel , you must control the fluff . A carefully curated collection of down duvets , mattress pads , quilts and blankets of different thicknesses allow for temperature control and comfort , whether you 're fast asleep or sniffling through a miserable flu bug -- and that probably wo n't come from a preselected , oversized bag , decorators said . But is it just decorator snobbery ? When pressed , decor blogger Emily Clark said , "  A bed in a bag can sometimes be a good jumping-off point , if you add some other elements like patterned sheets or different shams . " Likewise , Browning relented : "  Well , it 's OK , really . If you are unsure of what pillows and bedding accessories you like , then buying a bag might be best . " But she also pointed out that the pillows in said bag are "  not always the softest material , " and that matters a lot . Pillows Pillows are key , decorators said , and they must be chosen carefully . "  Pillows have always been a big discussion in our house , " said interior designer and The Little Black Door blogger Elizabeth Baumgartner . "  After a lot of trial and error , I 've found that we need at least one king-size synthetic pillow and one regular-size down pillow per person . " The combination , she said , is perfection . "  I think every bed needs several good pillows besides the decorative kind , " said Clark . The calming , white master bedroom she decorated is "  the most comfortable place for me in our home , " she said . Julie Holloway , part of the Milk and Honey Home decorator team from Roswell , Georgia , also finds pillows paramount . "  My husband and I love our Tempur-Pedic pillows that mold to the shape of our neck and head , " she said . "  Our young boys love them , too , and steal them often . " Furniture But scratchy sheets aside , comforters that match throw pillows that match curtains , elicit a shudder and "  ugh " from interior designers like Shannon Berrey . And what of a matched suite of bedroom furniture ? They inspired the same kind of disdain . "  Do n't do it ! " Berrey pleaded , urging a more eclectic approach . The "  paint by numbers " mountain vacation bedroom Berrey designed embodies her decorating aesthetic . "  Some vintage pieces , some new , different wood tones , some painted , " is how she put together a cozy , inviting bedroom for clients . Interior decorator and blogger Bethany Brower said matching bedroom furniture makes her feel "  claustrophobic . " "  Matching bedroom sets are definitely a buzzkill for me , " Little House on the Update blogger Corrie Moore said . "  I feel like a bedroom can be uncomfortable if it 's too formal . " Headboards And according to the logic of most bedroom decorating schemes , designers say the bed and headboard are more important than the rest of the furniture . "  A headboard gives the bed a presence in the room , " Clark said . "  Whether it 's a full bed frame or even just a pretty quilt hanging on the wall behind the bed , a headboard makes the room feel more finished . " "  Important " does n't always mean "  expensive . " Many headboards featured in this week 's gallery are DIY projects . "  This spot is so special to my husband and me because we built and upholstered the bed ourselves , " Kelly Marzka said . "  Every night when we crawl in to sleep , we 're reminded of this project we took on , not knowing if we could even do it . " CNN iReport head-honcho and home decor blogger Katie Hawkins-Gaar is similarly proud of the impact her DIY headboard has on her master bedroom . "  We have an Ikea Malm bed , something that was in our price range when we first bought it , but it never really stood out on its own , " she said . "  After making a custom headboard , it 's like we have a brand new bed ! It gave our bedroom so much character and the fact that it 's handmade -- it was my husband 's first attempt at a project of that scale -- makes it so much more meaningful . " The large headboard Browning created for her master bedroom reflects her personal style . "  Right now I am loving gray and silver . The corrugated steel roofing I used for this one is shiny and massive , " she said . "  It 's not very feminine but it creates a soft , romantic reflection from the side lamps . " Lighting Clark also finds that lamps are an indispensable ingredient to an inviting bedroom . "  I recently moved the lamps in our bedroom to another room in the house , and we were with only an overhead light for a couple of months , " she said . "  It just felt so cold to me . " Soft light makes a bedroom cozier , she said . So , too , can black-out drapes , or even eye masks and white noise machines . Light-limiting drapes can come in handy for the occasional sick day , Brower said . "  There 's nothing worse than being laid up in bed with a cold and it 's sunny and wonderful just outside the window . I can pull my drapes shut and block out the sun and pretend I 'm not missing out on a glorious day , " she said . TVs The only thing it seems decorators ca n't agree on when it comes to bedrooms is whether to put a TV in the room . For some , like Berrey , it 's a must . "  I know for so many a TV in the bedroom is a big no-no , but I have to have a TV in the bedroom . I love to lay in bed and watch TV until I fall asleep . It 's really the only thing I need ; No scented sprays or the sounds of crashing waves , just the sounds of the ` Real Housewives , ' " she said . Even if they think TVs do n't belong in bedrooms , decorators confess to it apologetically . "  I know I 'm in the minority , " Baumgartner said , "  but no TV . " "  I 'll be hated for this one , " said Holloway , who says TVs destroy the cozy vibe of a bedroom . "  Are we not bombarded by screens ? If you can swing it , no home office or TV in your bedroom . " Are you obsessed with decorating your house ? Show us your skills at CNN 's Open House and your photo could be featured in next week 's story . Our next focus : well-dressed mantels .	Decorators : Bed-in-a-bag sets can be stiff and too coordinated for a cozy room . "  A bedroom can be uncomfortable if it 's too formal , " blogger Corrie Moore said of furniture choices Share your gorgeous mantel photos and ideas on the next CNN Open House iReport assignment
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Dennis Hopper took what may be his final bow Friday as his star was dedicated on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame . His lawyer and doctor told the judge overseeing his divorce this week that Hopper is dying of prostate cancer , but the 73-year-old actor was smiling broadly during the ceremony . "  I just want to thank you , " Hopper told the crowd surrounding him . "  That 's all I can do . " "  Easy Rider " co-star Jack Nicholson stood behind Hopper as Hollywood star number 2,403 was revealed with Hopper 's name in front of the Egyptian Theater . Other stars on hand included director David Lynch and singers Johnny Mathis and Dwight Yoakam . With his 6-year-old daughter , Galen , by his side , Hopper waved and bowed to hundreds of fans lining a barricade along Hollywood Boulevard . Hopper 's doctor called him "  extremely weak " and said he weighs barely 100 pounds in a court document filed this week , but he walked on his own during the 45 minutes he was at the ceremony . His forehead and right hand were bandaged , but not because of his illness . Hopper said he "  took a terrible fall " and "  got pretty screwed up " as photographers followed him outside his Venice , California , home Thursday . "  I want to thank the paparazzi , " he said . "  I know you 've got a tough job , but sometimes you ought to be a little more sensitive . " Hopper , who is undergoing radical chemotherapy for advanced , metastasized prostate cancer , is also divorcing his wife of 14 years , Victoria Hopper . iReporter captures the star ceremony He is too weak and ill to be questioned by lawyers in the divorce , but attending Friday 's ceremony "  is a positive experience in every way , " his doctor 's sworn statement said . The couple separated in January when he filed for divorce , claiming the stress of their relationship was threatening his life as he battled cancer . "  The presence of his estranged wife is hampering Mr. Hopper 's present cancer care as she introduces significant additional stress into his life , " Dr. David Argus said . "  The less Mr. Hopper has to do with his estranged wife at this time , the more likely he is to have his life extended . " Victoria Hopper 's lawyer did not immediately respond to calls for comment . The divorce case is set for an April 5 hearing in Los Angeles County Superior Court . iReport : Hopper surrounded by friends , family at ceremony Hopper said the Starz cable network paid for his Hollywood star ceremony , which cost $ 25,000 . His last acting job was on "  Crash , " the TV series based on the Oscar-winning movie of the same name . Hopper 's acting career has spanned almost six decades . In the '50s he had roles in several TV shows and films , including "  Rebel Without a Cause "  1955  and "  Giant "  1956  . He became a Hollywood sensation for "  Easy Rider , " the 1969 film he directed and co-wrote in which he played a dissolute , countercultural biker .	Hopper is dying of prostate cancer , say documents in divorce case He is too ill to testify , but doctor recommended he appear at star ceremony Starz cable network pays for Hopper 's star on Hollywood Boulevard
CNN  -- Have you ever been pulled over by airport customs for the strange items you pack in your suitcase ?  Egyptian artifact ? Wiffle ball ?  . Or perhaps you have a tip for an unbeatable travel essential ? Either way , CNN wants to get a peek inside your suitcase . Next time you go on vacation , Instagram or tweet @CNNTravel a picture of the contents of your suitcase or your favorite travel item and tag it #howipack . We 'll feature the best submissions on CNN Travel .	CNN wants to know what you pack when you vacation Instagram and tweet your packing photos to @CNNTravel Tell us your packing inspiration and include the tag #howipack
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian leaders reacted angrily Thursday to President Barack Obama 's decision to slap further sanctions on Russian banks , energy firms and defense companies over Russia 's actions in Ukraine . "  Sanctions are evil , " said Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , as he warned that the steps taken by Washington and the European Union would lead to worsening relations -- and possible Russian retaliation . Russia 's Foreign Ministry warned that it would not "  tolerate blackmail " and reserved the right to take countermeasures , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin was similarly defiant , tweeting : "  The sanctions imposed by Washington on Russian defense sector majors are unlawful and demonstrate that the U.S. is engaged in unfair competition on the arms market . "  Anyway , the Americans can not put a lid on the ongoing re-arming of the Russian armed forces or shatter the export potential of our defense sector . " As deadly violence continues to roil eastern Ukraine , European Union leaders also said they intended to increase sanctions , signaling growing Western concern about Russia 's continued support for the separatists battling the Ukrainian military . Ukrainian jet ` shot down ' Tensions between Ukraine and its larger neighbor showed no sign of easing Thursday , as Ukrainian officials reportedly accused a Russian fighter of shooting down a Ukrainian jet the previous evening while it was flying in Ukrainian airspace . "  A military plane of the Russian Armed Forces launched a missile strike against an Su-25 aircraft of the Ukrainian Armed Forces , which performed tasks on Ukrainian territory , " Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko was quoted as saying by the official Ukrinform news agency . "  Our plane was shot down , " he said , adding that the pilot ejected and was picked up safely by Ukrainian forces . In response to the expanded sanctions , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk in Kiev had tough words for Russia . "  It is time to pay for violating the international law , military aggression , constant supply of weapons from Russia to the territory of Ukraine , financing militants who kill civilians and try to destroy Ukraine , " he said . "  Russia will pay for the war it started against Ukraine . " The Pentagon said Wednesday that Russia now had 12,000 troops on the border with Ukraine , as well as some heavy weapons . The troop numbers had fallen to about 1,000 previously from a high of an estimated 40,000 forces earlier this year . Ukraine 's government has accused Russia of allowing weapons and military equipment , including tanks , to cross the border illegally into the hands of pro-Russian separatists . Western officials have leveled the same charges at Moscow and urged it to act to ease the situation or face economic consequences and increased diplomatic isolation . Medvedev : We 'll take measures in response However , Moscow insists that the West 's sanctions will only worsen the situation . "  They never bring success to those who implement them , " Medvedev said of sanctions , as he addressed the government in remarks broadcast on Russia 24 . "  So-called sectoral sanctions implemented by the United States unfortunately will lead to a growth of anti-American and anti-EU mood in Russia . We will come back to the 1980s . It 's sad . If that 's our partner 's goal , then they achieved it . " Medvedev said Russia would have to look at its financing for defense and security measures in light of the pressure being put on it . "  If our partners carry on sanctions , we 'll take measures against foreign companies and people in response , " he warned . "  These sanctions wo n't help Ukraine . " His words echoed a warning by Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday that the sanctions are already harming ties between his nation and the United States . "  They generally have a boomerang effect and , without a doubt , in this case , are driving the Russian-U.S. relations into a stalemate and seriously damaging them , " he said , according to a Kremlin transcript of his remarks to reporters on a visit to Brazil . "  I am certain that this is harmful to the U.S. Administration and American people 's long-term strategic national interests . " He accused the United States of pushing Ukrainian authorities toward a continued conflict , whereas Russia wants to see an immediate end to hostilities and a negotiated solution involving all sides , he said . Financing squeeze , assets freeze Announcing the sanctions Wednesday at the White House , Obama said , "  We have to see concrete actions , and not just words that Russia in fact is committed to trying to end this conflict along the Russia-Ukraine border . " With the new sanctions , "  what we are expecting is that the Russian leadership will see once again that its actions in Ukraine have consequences , including a weakening economy and increasing diplomatic isolation , " he said . The expanded U.S. measures target two Russian banks -- Gazprom Bank and VEB -- and two energy companies -- Novatek and Rosneft . They will not be able to get new medium - and long-term financing in the United States , senior administration officials told reporters in a conference call . In addition , the new sanctions freeze any U.S. assets and prohibit American business contacts for eight Russian arms companies that make weapons , including small arms , mortars and surface-to-air missiles . One of the eight is the Kalashnikov Concern , maker of the AK-47 assault rifle and other arms . Also on the list : Four Russian government officials , including the minister of Crimean affairs ; the self-styled Luhansk People 's Republic and Donetsk People 's Republic leading the separatist campaign in eastern Ukraine ; and Aleksandr Borodai , the self-declared "  Prime Minister " of the Donetsk group . Targeting the separatist groups that simulate government structures prevents them from seeking financing , the senior administration officials noted . A statement published on the EU website Wednesday said the European Council would decide by the end of July on which entities and individuals to target with expanded sanctions over their actions in Ukraine . The council also asked the EU Commission to reassess EU-Russia cooperation programs , with a view to deciding , on a case-by-case basis , on suspending their implementation . "  The European Council urges the Russian Federation to actively use its influence over the illegally armed groups and to stop the flow of weapons and militants across the border , in order to achieve a rapid deescalation , " the statement said . Earlier this year , the United States and Europe imposed a range of sanctions in response to Russia 's annexation of Crimea this spring and massing of troops along Ukraine 's eastern border . The earlier sanctions included asset freezes and travel bans . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Barbara Starr and Tom Cohen contributed to this report , as did Victoria Butenko in Kiev .	NEW : "  Russia will pay for the war it started against Ukraine , " says Ukrainian Prime Minister "  Sanctions are evil , " says Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev Russian Foreign Ministry says it wo n't tolerate blackmail , may take countermeasures Report : Ukrainian official says Russia shot down a Ukrainian jet in its own airspace
CNN Student News  -- January 6 , 2012 Download the PDF map related to today 's show : Detroit , Michigan ; South Carolina ; Atlanta , Georgia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Thank you Kim Kardashian . Because of the reality star and her naked backside , we heard the phrase "  break the Internet " more than we would have imagined in 2014 . Of course , no one thing actually "  broke " it , but here are 10 of the memes and hashtags that tried : 1 . Kim Kardashian 's Paper magazine cover Of course we have to start with this one , but what is really left to say ? She did her booty duty by posing nude and oiled on the cover . What followed was an embarrassment of meme riches , with the "  peach emoji booty " being one of the most innocent . 2 . The Solange/Jay Z/Beyonce elevator incident It was the fight watched ` round the world . Video of superstar rapper Jay Z being pummeled by his sister-in-law , singer and fashionista Solange Knowles in an elevator gave birth to sooooo many memes . Some were funny , some were rude , but all were creative . 3 . It 's none of Kermit 's business Kermit loves his tea . This meme was all about the world 's most famous Muppet offering snarky social commentary while sipping his beverage and ending with the line "  But that 's none of my business . " 4 . #YesAllWomen This social media campaign got started in response to postings by Elliot Rodger , who went on killing spree in Isla Vista , California , in May . His anger toward women sparked the hashtag women used to share their stories and thoughts on violence and misogyny . 5 . Ice Bucket Challenge The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge very quickly raised more than $ 100 million and awareness about amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  , often referred to as "  Lou Gehrig 's disease . " Hundreds of celebs and thousands of nonfamous folks posted videos of themselves being doused for the cause . According to Google , there were more than 90 million searches for the term in August . #IceBucketChallenge was everywhere from Twitter to Instagram and Facebook . 6 . #AlexfromTarget Alex Lee was just your typical 16-year-old working a part-time job at Target when a picture of him went viral after it was tweeted thanks to his handsome visage . Quicker than you could say "  Internet sensation , " the kid was everywhere . Based on a New York Times profile , he seems to have taken it all in stride . 7 . #BlackLivesMatter The hashtag has exploded since the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin and the more recent deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner after encounters with police officers . It 's helped lead the online discussion of race relations in America . 8 . Things Tim Howard could save Howard performed magnificently during the USA-Belgium World Cup match and his goalie skills inspired memes listing other things he could save . The U.S. team may not have won the World Cup , but Howard definitely won the internet . 9 . Nude celeb hack Months before the now famous Sony hack , celebrities such as actress Jennifer Lawrence and model Kate Upton had to deal with their iCloud accounts being compromised and personal photos disseminated . The FBI quickly got on the case , but not before the world had seen way more of some stars than they ever anticipated . Many of the memes are n't suitable for work , but they are out there for you to peruse after you clock out . 10 . #WeCanLandOnACometButWeCant After a mechanical space traveler called the Philae probe landed on a comet in November , the Internet started theorizing about other things that are surely easier to accomplish than a comet landing but are n't happening . The jokes were endless but , seriously , why ca n't you order breakfast at McDonald 's after 10:30 a.m. ? So many of the suggestions made total sense and we co-signed many of them , except " #WeCanLandOnACometButWeCant UnCat the Internet . " Because honestly , the Internet was made for cat memes . .	Hashtags and memes blew up the web in 2014 Some were funny and others were pretty serious None of them actually broke the Internet , of course
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- There is no evidence of "  friendly fire " during this week 's deadly shooting at Fort Hood , an Army spokesman said Saturday . Army Criminal Investigation Command spokesman Chris Grey said authorities did not believe that any of those killed or wounded were shot by anyone other than the suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan . Furthermore , Grey reiterated that all evidence indicates that the suspect "  acted alone . " Grey said there was "  no evidence to contradict that finding . " He added that the investigation is continuing . Thursday 's mass shooting left 12 soldiers and one civilian dead and 42 people wounded , according to the post 's public information office . It was unclear how many of those injured suffered bullet wounds . By Saturday night , 17 people and the suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , remained hospitalized , Col. John Rossi told reporters . All had suffered gunshot wounds , he said . Rossi said Hasan is no longer on a ventilator , but is still in intensive care at Brooke Army Medical Center . Earlier Saturday , W. Roy Smythe , chief of surgery at Scott & White Memorial Hospital , said "  a lot of progress has been made " in treating patients wounded in the rampage and that "  some of them are out of the woods . " But Smythe , flanked by Texas Gov. Rick Perry and two state representatives , told reporters there is a possibility some patients will be "  physically impaired " for life . And , he said , there 's "  no doubt many " will be "  psychologically impaired the rest of their lives . " The incident has sparked national outrage . In his Saturday address , President Obama said it was "  an act of violence that would have been heartbreaking had it occurred anyplace in America . " But the president said , "  it 's all the more heartbreaking and all the more despicable because of the place where it occurred and the patriots who were its victims . " The White House said President Obama and the first lady will be attending a memorial service on Tuesday and the president ordered flags flying over the White House and other federal buildings to be lowered to half-staff until Veterans Day on Wednesday . In Texas on Saturday , Smythe told reporters that of the 10 patients admitted to that hospital after the Thursday massacre , four have gone home and one may go home later Saturday . He said of the six originally in the surgical intensive care unit , only two remained there Saturday morning , with the others moved to a regular in-patient floor . The people in the intensive care unit "  are no longer on the ventilator and quite stable . " Despite improvements , he said the injuries to some "  are so severe that only time will tell how they 'll do in the long run . " He said "  some of these patients are young and sometimes young patients will surprise you in regards to their rehabilitation . " And at Carl R. Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood , Jeri Chappelle , a representative of that facility , said eight patients are currently being treated there -- five in the hospital 's intensive care unit and three others in a regular unit who are in fair condition . Perry -- speaking outside the Scott & White hospital -- lauded the hospital 's quality and professionalism and praised the patriotism of the soldiers . "  What I heard time after time in those hospital rooms that it 's their honor to be able to serve our country , and that is a very humbling thing to watch a young man or woman whose life has been irreparably harmed in a violent act , yet their concern and their interest is in continuing to be able to serve this country , " Perry said . Also , he praised the first responders , and mentioned Fort Hood Police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , the civilian officer who confronted and disabled Hasan in a shootout . Munley has drawn praise from the military and from citizens across the nations for her quick and bold actions . Perry called her a "  true professional " and a "  selfless public servant . " "  She 's very understated , " said Perry , who spoke with Munley on Friday . "  A person who understands the gravity of what occurred , but also a classic public servant who is not interested in anything but getting on with her life and hopefully never having an event like this ever occur again . " Citing other reports , Perry said , "  this is not the first time that she 's been called to action " and said "  we all should be thankful that we have people like that in America . " Perry said he is in contact military and state law enforcement officials and that the Texas Rangers are helping federal officials in their probe . The governor also said the Department of State Health Services to send crisis counseling teams to the area . Share memories of victims As for the investigation , Obama said he met with FBI Director Robert Mueller and representatives of other relevant agencies to discuss their probe . "  I 'll continue to be in close contact with them as new information comes in , " he said in his Saturday radio address . Obama , a Democrat , and Perry , a Republican , both said that the situation brought out the best in people , citing the efforts of soldiers and civilians to aid others . "  Even as we saw the worst of human nature on full display , " the president said , "  we also saw the best of America . "	NEW : Official : Evidence so far indicates alleged shooter acted alone NEW : Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan off ventilator , spokesman says Chief of surgery : Some patients will be "  physically impaired " for life President Obama says he met with FBI director and will monitor investigation
CNN  -- If there is a central public sentiment about economics prevailing in America right now , it seems to be this : We want to go back to our manufacturing roots . The heyday of manufacturing , the block-long plants that produce not just tangible goods , but big , heavy ones like cars , gave us economic stability once ; it can do it again . On Wednesday , President Obama spoke at the Master Lock factory in Milwaukee and said , "  What 's happening in Detroit can happen in other industries . What happens in Cleveland and Pittsburgh and Raleigh and Milwaukee , that 's what we 've got to be shooting for , is to create opportunities for hardworking Americans to get in there and start making stuff again and sending it all over the world -- products stamped with three proud words : Made in America . " But as with most nostalgic visions , this one does n't reflect economic realities . First , it 's understandable why we have a romantic association with manufacturing . "  Factory nostalgia " is economically legitimate , because it harkens back to the period of the greatest growth in the U.S. economy in history , basically 1950 to 1973 . During that period , there was growth not just in production , but in real household incomes , which is something we have seen little of for the last 40 years . This gave rise to a burgeoning , powerful middle class , and more than that , a sense that all of America shared in the economic boom , with the assembly line tethering us like an anchor to shared prosperity . Compare this image to the more recent service-based economy . The source of the common bond -- the assembly line -- is gone . Instead , people are tied to their own education , their own human capital . Because of that , they 're more stand-alone . And so since 1973 , we face this widening inequality , partly because our incomes are more tied to individuals , and individuals are different . There 's a huge variance across their abilities and educations , and incomes are tied directly to those things . And this situation creates the political tension we face in America ; consequently , we long for manufacturing because we associate that with the strength of the middle class . But can we go back to the assembly line ? To answer that , there is another important factor to keep in mind . The enormous growth from 1950-73 was n't entirely of our own making . It was partly due to our own initiative and education , but we also must remember that in 1950 , Japan , Germany , Britain and France were all leveled because of World War II . We had no competition . Today , not only are all those countries competing against us , but so are China , India and other countries in South America and Africa -- countries with very large and growing populations . It 's not the same game , and in that sense , we 're naÃ ¯ ve to think we can repeat the '50s and '60s if we just pull our bootstraps up . The world was much different then . Further , there 's a very important caveat to people who respond that we should just close our borders and make everything here . As an economic policy , that belief will only serve to hurt standards of living here and globally . There is a large body of evidence that shows that economic growth comes from three things : good geography , sound institutions and strong trade partnerships with the rest of the world . So , going back to closing the borders will only hurt us in the long run . Despite the recent , well-publicized successes in U.S. auto manufacturing , what is happening in the American economy is not the reversal of a trend toward declining manufacturing . Rather , it 's a slowing down of the rate of loss of manufacturing , or almost a stabilization of the decline of manufacturing in this country . For the last 25 - 30 years , companies moved manufacturing to China where labor costs were considerably less and there existed an enormous consumer market . But the subsequent rapid per capita income growth in China has meant a rise in the relative price of their labor , so the cost differential is being alleviated . This cost differential is being further narrowed by China once again allowing its currency to gain in value compared to the U.S. dollar . Once that differential diminishes , the rate of manufacturing decline has to slow . However , this does not signal that "  in-sourcing " or "  re-shoring " is on the rise in America . Low-technology manufacturing is not anything we will ever get back to permanently . It 's just too costly to produce here , and even if China becomes less attractive , there 's still Latin America , and much of Asia and Africa . Going forward for decades , we simply do n't have a comparative advantage in producing low-technology manufactured goods . But we can retain manufacturing strength in the high-technology goods , as long as we commit to providing the level of education that employees will need to meet the labor demand . There are those high-tech jobs such as the assembly of iPhones and iPads that require proximity to component suppliers -- the chipmakers , the semiconductors , the circuitry -- which can and probably will continue to be performed in countries with less-skilled workforces . However , there are many tasks associated with such complex products -- research and development , for example -- that do n't require proximity to these suppliers and those provide jobs that America can gain . If manufacturing is to have a reinvigorated future in America , this is where the growth will be seen . But education is the key to the U.S. being able to take advantage of this opportunity One of the biggest issues that I hear from managers and executives is that they need to hire workers , but ca n't find those who have the educational skills to be productive . This condition alone will lead to a permanently higher unemployment rate . We may not , in the foreseeable future , get down to 5 % unemployment because of the significant number of people who lack the skills for high-tech manufacturing jobs and the current underemployment and long duration of unemployment that is depreciating our workers ' skills . As a country , we face the risk that we will lose out in our ability to compete in manufacturing to Europe , Japan and others . So the nostalgia for our industrial past should be turned into a vision for a better way to educate our children . On a number of indices , we are in the bottom half of the richest 30 countries in terms of primary and secondary education performance for skills in math and reading comprehension . Forty years ago , we were right near the top . Some people are losing out on their opportunities for a better economic future even by age 4 . We simply must return to our commitment to invest in human capital . Follow @CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Bergstrand .	Jeffrey Bergstrand : Theme of economic talk is desire to return to our factory roots President Obama is stressing revival of manufacturing as a route to greater prosperity Bergstrand says the nostalgia is understandable but naive He says the golden days of U.S. manufacturing in the 1950-1970 era are gone
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has been given a one-game touchline ban with another suspended after two of his players received late red cards in their Champions League win over Ajax last week . Midfielder Xabi Alonso and right-back Sergio Ramos were both sent off in the dying moments of Real 's win in Amsterdam after getting second yellow cards for inexplicable acts of time-wasting with their team leading 4-0 . "  The Spanish club 's coach Jose Mourinho has been suspended from coaching activities for two UEFA club competition matches , of which the second is deferred for a probationary period of three years . He was also fined $ 40,000 , UEFA announced on its website Tuesday . UEFA confirmed that the punishments were for "  improper conduct " but gave no further details . Five-star Barcelona thrash Real Madrid The dismissal of the pair leaves them banned for Real 's final Group G match with Marseille , which is of no consequence with the team already qualified for the last 16 . Press speculation has suggested that the sendings off were deliberate to give themselves a disciplinary clean state for the crucial knockout stages . Alonso and Ramos were also both fined by UEFA , while goalkeeper Iker Casillas and reserve keeper Jerzy Dudek were punished after being shown on television allegedly passing messages to them from the dugout . Spanish international teammates Alonso and Ramos were fined $ 20,000 each , with a $ 10,000 fine given to Casillas while Dudek was ordered to pay $ 5,000 "  The red cards given to Alonso and Ramos stand , and they have therefore been suspended for one UEFA club competition match , " added UEFA . Nine-time European champions Real were also fined $ 120,000 over the club and have three days to launch an appeal . The ban completes a miserable 24 hours for Portuguese boss Mourinho after seeing his side thrashed 5-0 by arch-rivals Barcelona in El Clasico on Monday night .	Jose Mourinho receives one-game touchline ban from Champions League with a second suspended Real Madrid coach sanctioned by UEFA for "  improper conduct " Four Real players receive fines after two of them received late red cards against Ajax
CNN  -- Lost in the laughter over the past two weeks has been GOP presidential candidate and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich 's core point about America 's future in space . We should n't just explore space , we should develop and even settle it , using the same enterprise-friendly approaches that helped open the West and the skies . As a former NASA executive , it is clear to me that most commentators do n't understand this is now possible , let alone necessary . David Frum 's recent CNN viewpoint is eerily similar to what critics have said about other visionary ideas during America 's history . In 1844 , Asa Whitney  cousin of cotton gin inventor Eli Whitney  proposed to the U.S. Congress that America build a transcontinental railroad . U.S. Sen. Thomas Benton of Missouri responded that it was "  an imposture , a humbug ; it could have emanated only from a madman ... science was unequal to overcome the Allegheny Mountains -- and now Whitney proposed to scale the Rocky Mountains , four or five times as high ! Why sir , it 's madness ! " ... "  You are one hundred years before your time . " The golden spike was pounded into the ground in Utah just 25 years later . In 1867 , Secretary of State William Seward proposed that America purchase Alaska from Russia for $ 7.2 million . Horace Greeley of the New York Tribune mocked Seward , calling it "  a frozen wasteland . " Alaska became known as "  Seward 's Folly . " It was one of the best investments America ever made . David Frum : A moon colony is a waste of money To be fair , Frum makes a point that must be addressed : "  With the greatest respect , " Frum wrote , " ` the wonder and glory of it ' is not a very compelling answer to the question : ` What do I get for my hundred billion bucks ? ' " The answer is that we should n't spend that much , and certainly not for "  wonder and glory . " Gingrich 's core point is that we must change how and why we do space by leveraging the power of free enterprise . Whatever misgivings you might have about Gingrich , in this case he is right . American history proves that smart , focused action by the U.S. government can jump start entire new industries that open new frontiers -- from western railroads , to the air , to the Internet - and that is exactly where we are today in space . In 2011 , I led a NASA team that designed a strategy that could return America to the moon in 10 years for $ 40 billion . We can do so by using existing launch vehicles . More importantly , this strategy could also enable a new commercial space-plane industry and fundamentally enhance U.S. national security . Space launch today costs about $ 10,000 per pound . Our national security space systems are dominated by small numbers of multibillion-dollar satellites . Innovation is slow . It takes over a decade to plan , develop and introduce new systems . A large army of people watches over each satellite . If this reminds you of mainframe computers in the mid-1970s , then you know this sector of our economy is ripe for innovation . Reusable space planes will forever change the space industry . The ability to launch frequently , reliably and at much lower cost will promote experimentation and enable new solutions . NASA 's Office of the Chief Technologist concluded that America has the basic technology to build space planes now . The primary problem is the proven market is not large or certain enough to justify the investments required . A Wall Street investment advisory firm , Near Earth LLC , independently validated our conclusion . We 've been here before . In the 1850s , it was not possible to close the business case for a transcontinental railroad . The size , cost and risk of the private investment was too large . Then Congress passed the Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 . American entrepreneurs connected a continent and provided rapid , reliable , low-cost access across the country . They quickly accomplished what had been deemed impossible two decades earlier . America was never to be invaded again ; no one would dare . We were firmly on the path to become a world superpower . Fast forward to the 1920s . Airline entrepreneurs were unable to raise the capital to purchase new airplanes because the passenger travel market was considered speculative . Then Congress passed the Kelly Airmail Act of 1925 . With airmail contracts in hand , private airlines sprouted up all over America . Passenger travel grows exponentially . Less than two decades later , U.S. airpower helps win World War II . Today , we are at a similar juncture . We have lost world leadership in commercial space transportation . But we can recapture it with totally reusable space planes . Space planes are the transcontinental railroad of our generation . Space planes will open the next frontier -- the greater Earth-moon system -- to economic activity and bind it together . Space planes will radically lower launch costs leading to new applications , new industries and new jobs . The growth in demand will lead to even higher flight rates , lower costs and new opportunities . As this virtuous cycle takes hold , America 's role as the preeminent world leader in space will be assured for the next 50 years . U.S. national security will be permanently enhanced . And we will get a little wonder and glory , too . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Miller .	Ex-NASA official : Political pundits do n't understand Newt Gingrich 's space vision Change how and why U.S. does space by leveraging free enterprise , says Charles Miller Commercial space planes would fundamentally enhance national security , author says Miller : U.S. has lost world leadership in commercial space transportation
CNN  Public transportation in any city almost always attracts an assortment of characters , but a hairy bus rider that roams the aisle on all fours and licks the seats might be a little much for even the most open-minded commuters . But public transit riders in Seattle do n't just tolerate Eclipse , a black Labrador-bull mastiff mix -- they 've grown to love her . "  All the bus drivers know her , " passenger Tiona Rainwater told CNN affiliate KOMO . "  She makes everybody happy . How could you not love this thing ? " Eclipse started riding the bus to the dog park a couple of years ago with her owner , Jeff Young . Her first solo ride happened after Young paused to smoke a cigarette and could n't finish in time to board the bus . Eclipse , knowing exactly what to do , hopped on the bus alone . Young caught the next one and the two reunited four stops later at the dog park . The tradition never stopped . For Young , Eclipse 's independence is n't really that surprising . "  She 's been here the last two years , so she 's been urbanized , totally , " Young said . When local radio host Miles Montgomery saw Eclipse looking for a window seat so she could "  get off at the dog park , " he could n't believe it . "  I just look out the window and I 'm like , ` Did that just happen ? ' " Montgomery told KOMO . Indeed it did , Young said of his friendly companion . "  She 's a bus-riding , sidewalk-walking dog , " Young said .	Eclipse has ridden the bus for two years now Sometimes she rides solo and gets off at the dog park Owner said she 's been "  urbanized "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British Airways has agreed to buy L'Avion , the French all-business class carrier and plans to integrate the airline into its recently launched subsidiary , OpenSkies . L'Avion was launched in January 2009 and employs 77 staff in Paris . The $ 108 million  # 54 million  deal marks the departure of the last stand-alone all-business airline following the demise of MAXJet , Eos and Silverjet over the last six months . OpenSkies , launched on June 19 between Paris Orly and New York JFK , already operated a codeshare agreement with L'Avion that flies out of Orly to Newark , New York . Following integration , OpenSkies will increase the frequency of its Orly-JFK service to three daily flights . OpenSkies currently operates one Boeing 757 with 24 flat-bed berths in business class , 28 seats in premium economy and 30 in economy . L'Avion , launched in January 2007 , flies two Boeing 757s with 90 business-class seats . BA is yet to decide whether L'Avion planes will be changed to a three-class layout . "  L'Avion is a successful airline that has built up a premium business between Orly and New York in a relatively short period of time , " said British Airways ' chief executive , Willie Walsh in a statement . "  It has many synergies with OpenSkies and buying it provides OpenSkies with a larger schedule and an established customer base in the Paris-New York market . " Christophe Bejach , co-founder and chairman of L'Avion , said he was happy with the deal . "  This transaction will strengthen our current base and enable the combined airline to grow faster and stronger . " Completion of the deal is expected this month and , if approved , full integration will take place in early 2009 .	British Airways has bought French all-business carrier L'Avion for # 54 million The airline will be integrated into its E.U.-U.S. OpenSkies subsidiary If approved , full integration is expected in early 2009
CNN  -- Business leaders , heads of government , entrepreneurs and even the odd celebrity are rubbing fur and down-quilted shoulders at Europe 's highest altitude town , Davos , for the World Economic Forum 's annual meeting . Here 's all you need to know about the meeting , the town and those lucky enough to be invited . The town At 1,560 meters Davos is the highest town in Europe , its population is more than 11,000 . Its average temperature is -5 °C / 23 °F in January and 17 °C / 62 °F in July . The meeting is beneficial to the city : its CO2 levels fall on average up to 30 % during the annual meeting , thanks to controls on vehicle emissions and the use of electric transport . Moreover , the annual meeting contributes CHF 45 million  $ 50M  to the local Davos economy and CHF 70 million  $ 77M  to Switzerland 's economy overall . The attendees 250 top political leaders and heads of international organizations attend the forum , this year , 40 + of them are current heads of state or government . The security is tight -- although the organizers do not release specific information , it is estimated that around 4,000 Swiss troops , police and security personnel guard the town . Accreditation , which is necessary for anyone attending , costs $ 20,000 . The youngest participant is 21-year-old Umar Anwar Jahangir , a "  Global Shaper " from Islamabad , who heads Bahria Medics , a student-run social welfare organization . At the other end of the age range is Shimon Peres , President of Israel , at 90 . Overall , 2,500 delegates traveled to Davos from more than 100 countries . That 's five times as many as the first time the event was held in 1971 , when only 444 participated . However , just 15 % of this year 's guests are female The meeting Only once was the annual meeting held outside of Davos : In 2002 , in New York , as a gesture of solidarity after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . There are four World Economic Forum bureaus around the world : The headquarters in Geneva , and in New York , Beijing , and Tokyo . This year , the WEF program includes more than 250 events , organized by nearly 500 staff members , and covered by more than 500 journalists , who had to submit their applications nearly three months in advance . CNN itself sent nearly 40 reporters , producers , cameramen and crew . More than 2 million people follow the WEF on Twitter . Davos : All you need to know to be a delegate	WEF contributes CHF 45M  $ 50M  to the Davos economy and CHF 70M to Switzerland Overall , 2,500 delegates traveled to Davos from more than 100 countries around the world The average temperature in the town of Davos is -5 °C in January and 17 °C in July
When was the last time you saw a blockbuster film that did n't include a gun ? It might be hard to remember . Americans love movies that depict violence , a new study shows ; 94 % of the most popular movies since 1985 contain at least one violent scene , and half of those involve a gun . For the study , published this week in the scientific journal Pediatrics , researchers analyzed the 30 top-grossing films every year from 1950 to 2012 . They identified violent sequences in each movie and noted whether the scenes included a character carrying a gun with the intention of harming or killing a living target . Since 1950 , violence in films has more than doubled , the study authors concluded . Perhaps more surprising is that gun violence in PG-13 films has tripled since 1985 , even exceeding the amount found in R-rated films in more recent years . "  Parents need to realize that just because a movie has been rated PG-13 does not mean that their 13-year-old should go to see it , " study author Daniel Romer said . "  We would like to see Hollywood go back to labeling movies with lots of violence , and gun violence in particular , with an R rating , just like they have been doing for explicit sex all along . " The average American sees seven movies in theaters every year , according to Nielsen 's 2012 American Moviegoing Report . Those rated PG-13 are often the highest-grossing , bringing in about 45 % of the market share . The Motion Picture Association of America first began using the PG-13 rating in 1985 . The rating urges parents to be cautious , saying "  some material may be inappropriate for pre-teenagers , " but theaters do not check IDs for those seeing a PG-13 movie . And some worry that exposing children to violence on the screen may encourage them to act it out in real life . "  There has been a long line of research showing that continued exposure to screen violence among children , mainly on TV , predicts the emergence of later aggressive behavior , " Romer said . "  We do n't know if seeing gun violence on the screen has a unique effect , but it is concerning considering that we have seen a rise in the use of guns in schools and other settings in recent years . " Experts are still debating whether watching violent movies or playing violent games leads to real-life violence . In 2000 , a coalition of public health organizations , including the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Psychological Association , published a joint statement , saying science had clearly shown "  a causal connection between media violence and aggressive behavior in some children . " They said viewing violence led children to view aggressive acts as acceptable behavior and to become emotionally desensitized . The effects were "  measurable and long-lasting , " according to the statement . Since then , several scientific studies have shown just the opposite . And the American Psychological Association has convened a task force to review the new evidence and potentially update its position . "  The problem is that people are looking for a yes-or-no answer ... when there is none , " Brad Bushman , professor of psychology at Ohio State University , wrote in an opinion article for CNN . Bushman and his colleagues recently conducted a study that showed college students who played violent video games for 20 minutes at a time for three days showed more aggressive behavior each day they played . "  The argument I hear most often is that video games ca n't be dangerous because millions of people play these games without becoming violent , " Bushman wrote . "  That 's because they come from good homes , are n't victims of bullying , do n't have mental health issues and do n't have many of the other risk factors for violence . But what about players who are already predisposed to violence ? " Those who do n't believe a link exists have crime data on their side . Coinciding with the rise of violent video games and violence in movies is a significant decrease in juvenile violent crime . In 1993 , at the peak , teens aged 12 to 17 had a serious violent crime offending rate of 52 crimes per 1,000 juveniles , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics . By 2011 , that number had dropped to just six crimes per 1,000 juveniles . While the study authors saw gun violence in PG-13 films triple , the same was not true for R - and G/PG-rated films . Violence in R-rated films held at a steady rate while G-and PG-rated films saw a decrease over the same time period .	Since 1950 , violence in films has more than doubled , a new study finds In PG-13 films , gun violence specifically has tripled since 1985 Experts are still debating whether watching violence promotes it in real life
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama met Saturday with family members of ailing South African statesman Nelson Mandela and spoke by telephone with Mandela 's wife as she maintains a vigil by his bedside . However , he and first lady Michelle Obama will not visit the anti-apartheid icon at the hospital "  out of deference to Nelson Mandela 's peace and comfort , and the family 's wishes , " the White House said . "  I expressed my hope that Madiba draws peace and comfort from the time that he is spending with loved ones , and also expressed my heartfelt support for the entire family as they work through this difficult time , " Obama said after meeting with Mandela family members in Johannesburg . Madiba is Mandela 's clan name . Those present for the meeting at the Nelson Mandela Foundation included Mandela 's two daughters , Makaziwe and Zindzi , and eight of his grandchildren . "  I have drawn strength from the support received from President Barack Obama , Michelle , Malia and Sasha , " said Mandela 's wife , Graca Machel , of her phone conversation with the U.S. president . Machel said she had already conveyed the Obama family 's "  messages of strength and inspiration " to her husband . 5 things Obama wants young South Africans to know Obama is undertaking his first full day of activities Saturday in South Africa , a nation where hearts are heavy over the poor health of the revered statesman . He held a town hall-style meeting with young people in Soweto , a Johannesburg neighborhood at the heart of the anti-apartheid struggle , where he spoke of the vital role Africa 's youth would play in the continent 's future . Obama earlier held bilateral talks with South African President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria , with trade high on the agenda . In a news conference after the talks , both paid tribute to Mandela 's contributions as an anti-apartheid campaigner and former president . "  I know that he is your personal hero as well , " Zuma said . "  The two of you are also bound by history as the first black presidents of your respective countries . Thus , you both carry the dreams of millions of people in Africa and in the diaspora who were previously oppressed . " Trade , other ties Obama said the thoughts of Americans and people worldwide are with Mandela , his family and South Africans . "  The struggle here against apartheid , for freedom ; Madiba 's moral courage ; this country 's historic transition to a free and democratic nation has been a personal inspiration to me . It has been an inspiration to the world , " he said . "  The outpouring ... of love that we 've seen in recent days shows that the triumph of Nelson Mandela and this nation speaks to something very deep in the human spirit : the yearning for justice and dignity that transcends boundaries of race and class and faith and country , " Obama added . "  That 's what Nelson Mandela represents . That 's what South Africa , at its best , can represent to the world , and that 's what brings me back here . " The two presidents also addressed the importance of growing trade and business relationships between their nations , and between the United States and the continent . "  I 'm here because I think the United States needs to engage with a continent full of promise and possibility , " Obama said . "  It 's good for the United States . I welcome the attention that Africa is receiving from China , Brazil , India and Turkey ... I 'm not threatened by it . " Obama 's trip aims to bolster U.S. investment opportunities , address development issues such as food security and health , and promote democracy . It comes as China aggressively engages the continent , pouring billions of dollars into it and replacing the United States as Africa 's largest trading partner . Africa 's greater integration into the global economy will benefit everyone , Obama said , with the potential creation of new jobs and opportunities . But he said his advice to Africa is to make sure those who come to invest in the continent and its natural resources also bring benefit to Africans , in terms of jobs and "  value added , " not just themselves and a few top leaders . HIV/AIDS gains Obama also praised South Africa for its leadership in tackling HIV/AIDS , saying that within a few years it will be the first country in Africa fully to maintain its own HIV care and treatment program . This move will allow the United States to focus its assistance on other countries , he said . Zuma brought up South Africa 's bid for a seat on the U.N. Security Council . Obama acknowledged a need to update the Security Council but said doing so was complicated . He also pointed out that many nations want a seat at the table but not all live up to their responsibilities to act or make difficult decisions . Obama 's visit to Africa 's biggest economy is part of a three-nation trip that started in Senegal and will end in Tanzania next week . Asked about his father 's native Kenya , where some are disappointed at Obama 's decision not to visit , the U.S. president said the timing was not right but that the United States would continue to work with "  one of our oldest partners in Africa . " Obama said he had decided to visit other African nations in part because he had been to Kenya "  multiple times . " He said it did n't seem the "  optimal time " to go because Kenya had just had a presidential election , which he was pleased to see happen peacefully . The new administration also has to manage issues around the International Criminal Court , he said . The ICC has indicted Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta , accusing him of funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks in the last election in 2007 . His deputy , William Ruto , also faces charges of crimes against humanity at the ICC . Both deny wrongdoing . "  If in 3Â 1/2 years , if I 'm not there , you can fault me on my promise , " Obama added to his questioners , who were connected to the Soweto meeting via a remote hookup from Nairobi , Kenya . Mandela critical but stable Zuma said Mandela remained in critical condition following his hospitalization three weeks ago , but he is stable . The South African president voiced hope the 94-year-old 's condition would improve and that he 'd be able to leave the hospital , where he has been since June 8 with a recurring lung infection . Former South African President F. W. de Klerk and his wife , Elita , have suspended their visit in Europe due to Nelson Mandela 's medical condition , the F. W. de Klerk Foundation said Saturday . The de Klerks will arrive back in Cape Town on Sunday , and "  their thoughts are with the Mandela family during this difficult time and they join in their prayers for an improvement in Mr. Mandela 's health , " the foundation said . A meeting between the U.S. president and Mandela would have had historic significance . Like Obama , Mandela broke through racial barriers to become the first black president of South Africa . The two have met before when Obama was a U.S. senator . As Mandela 's condition has deteriorated , South Africans have gathered outside the hospital , praying , lighting candles and leaving notes for the man they refer to as "  tata , " the Xhosa word for father . Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting apartheid , South Africa 's system of racial segregation . He was elected the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . Mandela remains popular worldwide as an icon of peaceful reconciliation . "  If and when he passes from this place , one thing I think we 'll all know is that his legacy is one that will linger on throughout the ages , " Obama said . In addition to a series of events planned for the weekend , Obama will also visit Robben Island , where Mandela spent a majority of his decades in prison . CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama speaks with young Africans at a town hall-style meeting in Soweto Obama meets with family members of Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg Ex-South African President F. W. de Klerk suspends a European visit due to Mandela illness Obama 's trip will include a stop at Robben Island , where Mandela spent time in prison
CNN  -- Manchester City booked its place in the last-16 of the Champions League following a 2-0 victory over Roma on Wednesday . Samir Nasri 's stunning 60th minute strike and Pablo Zabaleta 's late effort gave City all three points and secured second place in Group E behind Bayern Munich . Roma , who hit the post in the second half through Kostas Manolas , also had an effort cleared off the line . But City held out to ensure its place in the knockout phase of the competition . "  I think the performance of the team was amazing , " Nasri told Sky Sports . "  It was important for me to score , after the surgery I took a while to get to my full level , now I am . " The result was even more of an achievement for City given the absence of three of its star players . Sergio Aguero , who scored a hat-trick in the 3-2 win over Bayern Munich was ruled out with a knee injury , while captain Vincent Kompany failed to shake off a hamstring problem . City was also without its talisman midfielder Yaya Toure , who was suspended after being sent off during the 2-1 defeat by CSKA Moscow . A tense opening hour was finally brought to life by Nasri who produced a wonderful piece of skill to give his side the lead . The Frenchman 's shot from 20-yards flew off the post and into the net to stun the home side . Roma , now requiring two goals to progress , came close with Joe Hart making a number of important saves before Manolas ' header struck the post . The home side continued to push forward in search of an equalizer but Mattia Destro 's effort was hacked off the line as City 's nerves began to fray . But with four minutes of normal time remaining , City broke at speed and Nasri played in Zabaleta to fire into the far corner . "  We recovered our normal performance , playing good pressing and playing well with the ball , " Manuel Pellegrini , the Manchester City manager , told Sky Sports . "  We are a solid team , we are recovering the ball in the correct way . I had a lot of trust in what we could do . I said I did n't want to talk about players not in the team . This team deserve a little more credit than the press always give us . " Bayern Munich , which had already won the group , defeated CSKA Moscow 3-0 courtesy of goals from Thomas Muller , Sebastian Rode and Mario Gotze . In Group F , Barcelona sealed top spot with a convincing 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain . Zlatan Ibrahimovic , once of Barcelona , gave the visiting team the lead before Lionel Messi equalized with his 75th goal in the competition . Neymar and Luis Suarez added further strikes to ensure Barcelona will face a team which finished second in its group when the draw is made on Monday . In the same group , Ajax thrashed Cypriot side Apoel Nicosia 4-0 in Amsterdam . Chelsea rounded off its group stage campaign with a 3-1 win over Sporting Lisbon at Stamford Bridge . Cesc Fabregas , Andre Schurrle and Jon Obi Mikel scored the goals for Chelsea while Schalke 's 1-0 win at Maribor allowed the German club to take second spot in Group G. Elsewhere , Porto and Shakhtar , both already through to the next stage , drew 1-1 while Athletic Bilbao claimed a 2-0 win over Bate Borisov The Belarussian side has the rather dubious honor of having conceded the most goals ever in the history of the competition 's group stage , beating the previous record of 22 held by Dinamo Zagreb and Nordsjaelland	Manchester City claims 2-0 victory at AS Roma Ctiy qualifies for last-16 in second place behind Bayern Munich Bayern defeats CSKA Moscow 3-0 Barcelona beats PSG to top Group F
Financial Times  -- The investigative journalist facing trial after embarrassing Greece 's political and business elite by publishing the names of 2,000 Greeks with Swiss bank accounts on Monday stuck to his guns saying his list showed "  how sick the system is " . Speaking from his office in a run-down shopping mall in central Athens , Costas Vaxevanis claimed the list of accounts held by Greeks at an HSBC branch in Geneva encapsulated Greece 's deeply corrupt political culture . "  It is a closed system with politicians , businessmen and their hangers-on controlling what happens , " he told the Financial Times as the lights flickered on and off . "  We acted in the public interest ... We know the list is accurate . It refers both to legitimate accounts held by businesspeople and individuals and to others that we believe were used for channeling funds for purposes of tax evasion . " An Athens court postponed until Thursday Vaxevanis 's trial for allegedly violating the country 's data protection laws . The journalist 's lawyers requested the delay at a preliminary hearing on Monday so that he could prepare his defence . Scores of friends and colleagues gathered outside the court to show support for Vaxevanis , editor of the biweekly Hot Doc magazine . If convicted , he faces up to five years ' imprisonment . "  We will argue that there was no violation of privacy under Greek law as we did n't publish the amounts held in each account , only the names and professions of the account-holders , " Vaxevanis said . Vaxevanis said that more than â ‚ ¬ 13bn had moved through the accounts on the list between 1998 and 2007 : "  Our view is that some account-holders moved large amounts of black money through their HSBC account in Geneva to invest in foreign funds or deposit in safe havens elsewhere . " The conservative-led coalition government has not commented on the case . One government official said on Monday it was "  being handled by the Greek justice system , and it has to be cleared up " . Shipowners , industrialists , artists and a handful of politicians and their relatives are among those named in the so-called "  Lagarde list " published last week by Hot Doc . Sales of last week 's issue quadrupled to 100,000 , highlighting Greek anger over the failure of successive governments to crack down on tax evasion by the country 's elite . The full list was also published as a special insert in Monday 's edition of Ta Nea , Greece 's biggest selling daily newspaper . Hot Doc 's publication of the list provided in 2010 by Christine Lagarde , then French finance minister , to her Greek counterpart for investigation of possible tax evasion , has sent shockwaves through the country 's political and business elite . Although members of the Greek establishment have long been known to transfer funds abroad , often in the names of their wives and other family members , it is the first time that large numbers of such account-holders have been publicly identified . The list was officially revealed last month though unofficial versions had circulated for more than two years . "  Our understanding is that politicians , media barons and some journalists were able to exploit the list for blackmail and extortion because the government held off from launching a proper investigation , " Vaxevanis said , as a power outage briefly plunged his office into darkness . Several political figures whose names appeared on the list have issued formal denials . George Voulgarakis , a former public order minister , called it a fake , saying he and his family did not have any bank accounts outside Greece . Nikos Papandreou , brother of former premier George Papandreou , said there were plenty of other Greeks with the same name . Former finance minister Yannos Papantoniou said the appearance of his wife 's name on the list did not correspond with reality . The French government obtained the list from Herve Falciani , a former HSBC employee who had illegally copied detail of 20,000 account-holders , including French , German and Italian as well as Greek citizens . Former finance minister George Papaconstantinou , who requested the list from Mrs Lagarde , and his successor Evangelos Venizelos face criticism for failing to ensure the financial police fully investigated the case . Both politicians told parliament last week that the CD containing the names and a copy made on a USB stick had been mislaid . Mr Venizelos later turned over a copy on a USB stick to the finance ministry , but Greece has since requested an official copy of the list from the French government because of doubts about its authenticity . Ioannis Kapeleris head of the financial police in 2010 told a public prosecutor he never received specific instructions to carry out a full investigation . Ioannis Diotis , his successor and a former public prosecutor , argued there were legal obstacles to pursuing the case . Mr Papaconstantinou said the records dated from 2007 and the total amount held by account-holders at that time stood at â ‚ ¬ 1.5 bn . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Shipowners , industrialists , artists and a handful of politicians are among those named An Athens court postponed until Thursday Vaxevanis 's trial for allegedly violating data protection laws Vaxevanis said that more than â ‚ ¬ 13bn had moved through the accounts on the list between 1998 and 2007
CNN  -- He predicted it would be an emotional occasion , and so it proved . Ivan Ljubicic could have chosen to bow out from tennis on a grander stage , but the Monte Carlo Masters was the perfect place for him . "  I picked this one as my last because in 1999 I beat  Russia 's Yevgeny  Kafelnikov , which was my first big victory , my breakthrough . So I felt like it was the right moment , the right place to finish it off , " the 33-year-old told CNN . His first round defeat to fellow Croatian Ivan Dodig this month brought the curtain down on a stellar career which took him from his war-torn homeland to the international stage , becoming one of the game 's most polished performers , on and off the court . "  As impressive as his achievements were on the court , Ivan will also be remembered for the way he carried himself away from the court , " the head of the ATP Tour Brad Drewett said after the former world No. 3 's tearful exit in his adopted home -- a haven for the rich and famous , and a far cry from his birthplace in the former Yugoslavia . "  A true gentleman and ever popular amongst his peers , we thank Ivan for his first-rate contributions to the sport throughout his career , and wish him the very best for the future , " Drewett added of Ljubicic , who will now spend more time with his wife and two young kids . Federer hails ` wonderful friend ' Ljubicic Ljubicic bagged 10 ATP Tour titles during a 14-year career , his last coming in 2010 at the Indian Wells Masters in California when he beat American former world No. 1 Andy Roddick in the final . It was a deeply satisfying result for Ljubicic who , at the age of 31 , became the oldest first-time winner of an ATP Tour Masters 1000 title in history . But his success was n't limited to individual events . Together with Mario Ancic , Goran Ivanisevic and Ivo Karlovic , Ljubicic was part of Croatia 's victorious 2005 Davis Cup team , becoming the only unseeded country to win the event . The dramatic 3-2 victory over Slovakia sparked wild celebrations in Zagreb 's main square and followed on from a bronze medal he and Ancic won in the doubles at the Athens Olympics the previous summer . Both occasions were proud moments for Ljubicic who was forced to flee his home as a 13-year-old in May 1992 as Croatia battled to maintain the independence it declared the previous year . "  I was living in the Serbian part of Bosnia , so it was n't a pleasant place to be at that moment , " he recalls . "  I left with my mother and my brother . My father stayed , but he managed to get out in November the same year . " It was during this time that Ljubicic was invited to attend a tennis club in Moncalieri , a town near Turin in northern Italy . "  It was the beginning of my tennis career , " he says . "  My parents thought it was a good idea , so I left Bosnia in 1993 and stayed for three years and in 1996 I started to have some good results . " An appearance in the Wimbledon juniors ' final the same year was followed by his first sponsorship deal , marking his arrival in the professional ranks . A decade later , Ljubicic would reach the pinnacle of his career , rising to third in the world rankings behind Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal -- an achievement which remains a tremendous source of pride . "  I felt like I was No. 1 because at the time it was impossible to get to these guys . It is something I am really proud of . I felt like the No. 1 of normal people , " he said . With their opposing personalities and playing styles , he says Federer and Nadal have created a unique era in tennis which will be difficult for a new generation to repeat . "  In the past we had a little bit of that with Agassi and Sampras but they were both American . Now we have a Swiss guy and a Spanish guy , " Ljubicic said . And with current No. 1 Djokovic "  coming from another world at the moment " -- these are great times for tennis , he thinks . Ljubicic recalls practicing with an 18-year-old Djokovic back in 2005 and was n't immediately struck by the Serbian 's game technically . But what he did observe , even at that young age , was a steely determination . "  Mentally he was ready . You could see it when you met him . He was so ready to be the best player that you could see it was going to happen , one way or the other , " Ljubicic said . He predicts the top three will continue to dominate for another couple of seasons but with youngsters like Canada 's Milos Raonic , Australia 's Bernard Tomic and American Ryan Harrison coming through , a more varied set of grand slam champions looks set to emerge . For Ljubicic , the labors of the tennis court may now be over , but family responsibilities at his home in Monte Carlo will more than fill that void . "  I have two kids now -- a three-and-a-half-year-old boy and a girl who is four months , " he said . "  We 're going to spend a lot of time together . This period before they go to school is special and I want to spend as much time as possible with them . "	Ivan Ljubicic retires from professional tennis after a stellar career which included 10 titles The 33-year-old was also part of Croatian Davis Cup team which beat Slovakia in 2005 Says Djokovic displayed mental strengths as a youngster but was not the best technically Ljubicic claimed ATP Indian Wells Masters title at the age of 31 in 2010
CNN  You have to love Malala . The 17-year-old Pakistani advocate for girls ' education who , on Friday , became the youngest winner of the Nobel Peace Prize told "  The Daily Show 's " Jon Stewart last year what she would do if she were confronted again by a member of the Taliban . "  I 'll tell him how important education is and that I even want education for your children as well , " she said . "  I 'll tell him , ` That 's what I want to tell you ; now do what you want . ' " This from a girl who was shot in the head by the Taliban . For exercising her right to go to school . Malala Yousafzai was only 14 years old at the time -- and just 11 when she started blogging anonymously for the BBC about the struggles of life in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . Stewart 's response was priceless as well : "  I know your father is backstage and he 's very proud of you , but would he be mad if I adopted you ? " It 's not just him . The world has adopted Malala . Malala 's journey from near death to the Nobel Peace Prize She reminds us of the transformative power of education , especially for the 31 million primary-school-age girls , according to UNICEF , who are n't in school worldwide . And , as important , she is a beacon of hope -- a reminder that the human spirit holds in it immense possibility , warmth , humility and forgiveness . U.S. President Barack Obama used to fill that role , back when he won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 . Now , as bombs fall over Syria and Iraq , in an attempt to destroy a terrorist group that has beheaded Americans , it 's hard to continue to see him that way these days . Malala is the world 's new symbol of hope . Her crusade for education rights only seems to be getting stronger as the years pass . And in the world of ISIS and Boko Haram , the Nigerian group that kidnaps young girls and attacks their schools , she 's needed now more than ever . That she shares the prize with Kailash Satyarthi , an Indian children 's rights activist , makes this moment all the more significant . "  The Nobel Committee regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim , an Indian and a Pakistani , to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism , " the committee said in a statement . The Nobel Committee praised Satyarthi as carrying on Gandhi 's tradition of nonviolent resistance . And it called Malala 's struggle "  heroic . " It 's not hard to see why . "  Dear friends , on the 9th of October 2012 , the Taliban shot me on the left side of my forehead . They shot my friends , too , " Malala said at the United Nations in July 2013 . "  They thought that the bullets would silence us . But they failed . "  And then , out of that silence came , thousands of voices . The terrorists thought that they would change our aims and stop our ambitions , but nothing changed in my life except this : Weakness , fear and hopelessness died . Strength , power and courage was born . " It 's telling that , according to ABC News , Malala was planning to be in school Friday . That 's true determination . It 's the kind that hopefully will give more girls around the world the right to do the same .	Malala Yousafzai has become the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner She was shot in the head by the Taliban on her way home from school John Sutter says Malala is not only an education activist ; she 's a symbol of hope
CNN  -- He rose from humble beginnings , worked his way through the local leagues before graduating to become a major player on the international stage , netting him millions of dollars along the way . But this is n't a tale about a footballing hero . This is a story about one of modern sport 's greatest villains -- the man dubbed the most notorious match-fixer in the world . You may not be familiar with the name Wilson Raj Perumal but given how prolific he was , you might have watched one of the games he 's fixed . "  I never really counted , but I think it should be between 80-100 football matches , " Perumal told CNN 's Don Riddell in his first-ever television interview . Few doors seemed to be closed to Perumal . "  I was on the bench at times , and telling players what to do , giving orders to the coach . It was that easy . There was no policing whatsoever . " Officials were just as easy to target , he boasts , with "  no barriers " when approaching select referees , while certain football associations would "  welcome you with open arms , " he added . It was only after his arrest and subsequent conviction in 2011 -- his fourth for football-related crimes - - that Perumal started coming clean on his former life , with the poacher-turned-gamekeeper now helping European police combat match-fixing . In all , Perumal claims to have pocketed around $ 5 million himself from match-fixing . However , he lost it all gambling , perhaps explaining why the 49-year-old recently published an autobiography , "  Kelong Kings , " recounting his journey from rural Singapore to football 's globetrotting Mr Fix-it . "  I had my boyhood dreams . I wanted to be a soldier but during my school days I got a criminal record and could n't really pursue what I wanted to . And then I got attracted to betting when I was about 19-20 years old , " he said . "  I kind of got hooked and I did n't want to lose ... so I started fixing local matches , " he says . Perumal plied his trade in Singapore 's local football leagues in the late 1980s before joining what international crime-fighting organization INTERPOL recently described as "  the world 's most notorious match-fixing syndicate " allegedly headed by Tan Seet Eng -- better known as "  Dan Tan , " who is now reportedly in detention in Singapore . As the Internet age dawned in the mid-1990s , so Perumal 's match-fixing horizons expanded . "  We could see all these matches around the world ... I had the opportunity to target vulnerable countries ... people who were prone to accept bribes , " he said . "  So I registered a company and started e-mailing associations and building relationships . " ` Like two hands prepared to clap ' The 49-year-old 's first foray into international match-fixing -- a 1997 friendly match between Zimbabwe and Bosnia Herzegovina -- failed , he says . Perumal alleges up to six players from the Zimbabwe team had agreed to lose the match 4-0 in return for a share of $ 100,000 . But the game played in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia finished in a 2-2 draw . "  We gave them a result that was difficult to accomplish and what happened during the game was that one player accidentally kicked the ball into the net . " A decade later , Perumal targeted Zimbabwe again in what became known as the "  Asiagate " scandal with both players and officials receiving bribes to fix a string of matches between 2007 and 2009 . "  We were like two hands prepared to clap , " Perumal says . Former FIFA match-fixing investigator , Terry Steans was shocked when he was handed a FIFA case file on match-fixing in Zimbabwe in 2009 . "  I read that file and thought : ` No . It ca n't be . It ca n't be this easy and it ca n't be this prevalent , ' " Steans told CNN . "  Five years later , I know yes it was and yes it is . But that file opened our eyes and it was to set FIFA Security , at that time , on a path to try and discover as much as we could about the fixers and how prevalent and widespread they were . " Zimbabwe 's game was destroyed by the fixing scandal , Steans says . Dozens of players and officials were sanctioned , some receiving life bans while others were barred from playing for several years . The Footballers Union of Zimbabwe has been critical of the Zimbabwe Football Association  ZIFA  investigation but Steans says ZIFA deserves credit for taking action . "  They appointed an investigation committee and they took the investigation as far as they possibly could do . " CNN invited ZIFA to comment on match-fixing in the country but they had n't responded by the time of publication . Hat trick of jail terms Perumal says he achieved around a 70-80 % success rate and claims to have rigged games at the Olympics , World Cup qualifiers , the women 's World Cup , the CONCACAF Gold Cup and the African Cup of Nations . But his attempts to corrupt did n't always go undetected by the authorities , notably in Singapore where he was imprisoned three times for football-related offences . In 1995 , he was jailed for 12 months for trying to bribe a football player . Four years later he was imprisoned for 26 months for introducing a referee to a match-fixer and in 2000 he attacked a footballer with a hockey stick prior to a game -- an offense he says he deeply regrets . In 2011 , the football authorities eventually caught up with Perumal again , this time in Finland where he was arrested and subsequently jailed for fixing matches in the Veikkausliiga , the country 's premier football division . Perumal served one year of a two-year sentence before being extradited to Hungary where he has been helping police there with match-fixing investigations in the Balkans . Steans was shocked when police showed him Perumal 's list of contacts . "  Perumal had 38 countries in one phone book contacts list -- he had officials and players from those 38 countries , " Steans told CNN . "  If you then go to his laptop address book , there were over 50 . FIFA has 209 associations ... so we are talking a quarter of FIFA associations for one fixer , " he added . "  As we now know , he used most of these people and used them for his own ends and his syndicate 's ends and made a lot of money out of it . " He might have lost all his ill-gotten gains but Perumal looks back fondly on that period of his life . "  I have no regrets . It was like , it was a phase of my life and I enjoyed it and I traveled around the world . I had a good time . " There are glimmers of remorse . Perumal says he feels sorry for fixing some matches but then says there are "  no regrets " for others . "  Football is no longer a sport . It is more like a business now . So I think we 're just trying to make money out of this business . People want to win and they will do anything just to get a result . " Pitch battle FIFA says preserving the game 's integrity is "  a top priority " and in 2011 announced it was giving INTERPOL â ‚ ¬ 20 million  $ 26.5 million  to fight match-fixing . "  We take any allegations of match manipulation very seriously and are looking into those , " FIFA 's media department told CNN via email . "  Obviously we are aware of publications such as ` Kelong Kings . ' We do not further comment on our activities and we do not share investigative reports . "  FIFA continues to work closely with law enforcement agencies as well as the respective public authorities and other sports organizations on a national regional and global level to tackle the issue of match manipulation . " But Perumal thinks they could be doing more . "  FIFA has not come up with enough strategies or methods or publicity or marketing or whatever you can call it , to combat match-fixing , " Perumal says . "  FIFA are doing a lot of things to combat racism but I think match-fixing is more of a problem than racism . I 'm not saying FIFA should n't pump in so much money  to tackle racism  but what I 'm saying is that match-fixing is a more pressing issue . " Steans says Perumal has been "  value for money " for investigators helping them understand how match-fixers operate . "  Wilson is a bit of an enigma , " he says . "  But you know what , every piece of information that he gave out of Finland and Hungary that came our way was right . " The former FIFA man is still fighting match fixing , working as a consultant for a sports corruption company . But given the recent past , he fears for football 's future if match fixing continues to carry on virtually unchecked . "  We end up with a game that lacks integrity , with the game 's reputation in tatters and with fans not really knowing what they 're watching , " Steans says . "  Will fans watch ? We 'd probably end up with something similar to Zimbabwe where fans walked away , sponsors walked away ... You will end up with a game that means nothing . Just means nothing . "  And when it means nothing , sponsors do n't want it and fans do n't want it either . So teams would be playing in empty stadiums . It 'd be a desert . " Match-fixer denies story on Cameroon throwing World Cup game Cricket hit by fresh match-fixing allegations over New Zealand players	Convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal speaks to CNN in first television interview Singaporean says he fixed up to 100 matches all over the world Perumal boasts about having fixed World Cup qualifiers and making millions of dollars Former FIFA investigator says match-fixing threatens to destroy game 's integrity
CNN  -- The Netherlands plans to ban foreigners from the country 's famed pot shops , a decision Amsterdam 's tourism industry hopes goes up in smoke . The Dutch Cabinet late last month said the measure was needed to "  reduce nuisance and drugs tourism , " arguing that "  substance use of minors has to be countered more strongly and that coffee shops have grown into large points of sale of cannabis that are hard to manage . " Known as the "  Weed Pass , " the measure will turn coffee shops into private clubs for Dutch citizens over the age of 18 . The memberships will last for a minimum of a year , and each shop will have a capped number of members . "  Persons who do not hold Dutch citizenship will not have access to the coffee shops , " the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice said in a statement . "  The Cabinet expects that closure of coffee shops to foreign drugs tourists will ensure that they no longer travel to the Netherlands to purchase and consume cannabis . After all , many of them can use the illegal markets available in their immediate surroundings , " it says . The government said the measure also is needed to crack down on drug trafficking near the borders with Germany and Belgium . "  The number of criminal organizations that will be dealt with will be doubled from 20 to 40 % , " the Ministry of Security and Justice said in its statement . But even in announcing the tougher stand , the government said Dutch drug use has "  remained more or less stable in the past decade . " Under the current plan , the measure will go into effect this year in the southern part of the country , and then for the rest of the country in 2012 . The city of Amsterdam , including its mayor , has vowed to fight the measure . "  The Dutch government has decided upon this for the whole of the Netherlands . Amsterdam does n't want it , " said Machteld Ligtvoet , a spokeswoman for the Amsterdam Tourism & Convention Board . Ligtvoet added , "  Coffee shops are not actively promoted by our organization and are not used in order to attract tourists . However , the mere idea that one can buy and use soft drugs here is an attractive aspect of Amsterdam and its famous spirit of freedom . " The Amsterdam Tourism & Convention Board says the new measure should be dismissed because it discriminates against foreigners . The board also says it fears "  soft drugs will be sold on the street again , leading to more crime and dangerous situations . " The Netherlands is renowned for its coffee shops where anyone over the age of 18 can freely walk in and peruse a menu of marijuana and hashish delicacies . Customers can purchase up to 5g of cannabis , and it can be smoked in regular joint fashion , as well as by bong and pipes . Alcohol is strictly prohibited in the shops . Twenty-three percent of Amsterdam tourists say they visit coffee shops during their stays , according to the Amsterdam Tourism & Convention Board . "  These tourists are an important  though not most important  economic factor of Amsterdam . " HIGH TIMES magazine has sponsored the Cannabis Cup for the past 24 years in Amsterdam , bringing together thousands of marijuana and hashish enthusiasts in the city known as the "  Mecca of Pot . " This year 's Cannabis Cup is slated for November 20-24 and is not affected by the new measure . But the ban could affect next year 's event . "  As a result , HIGH TIMES is encouraging all who 've always wanted to attend the Cannabis Cup and visit Amsterdam to do so this year , " the magazine says on its website .	Dutch plan to ban foreigners from coffee shops where marijuana is sold Government says measure is needed to reign in substance abuse Plan will take hold across the country in 2012 Amsterdam vows to fight the measure
CNN  -- Dutch midfielder Mark van Bommel joined Serie A leaders AC Milan on Tuesday after Bayern Munich agreed to release the 33-year-old from his contract . The former Barcelona player 's contract at the German champions was due to expire in June , but Bayern have allowed their captain to make the switch to Milan with immediate effect . "  Mark formally requested to be released from his contract before its expiry date for professional and career reasons , " club chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told Bayern 's website . "  Mark has always been a model professional , an important and successful player for Bayern and an outstanding club captain . On the basis of his service to the club , we have granted Mark 's request . " Van Bommel , who has signed a contract with Milan until the end of June , will head to the San Siro with the Rossoneri four-points clear at the top of Italy 's Serie A after Sunday 's 2-0 win over Cesena . "  I leave FC Bayern with a heavy heart , " Van Bommel said . "  I 've had four and a half wonderful and successful years here , and I 'd expressly like to thank the club and the fans for that . FC Bayern will always occupy a big place in my heart . " Former Netherlands captain Van Bommel made 122 Bundesliga appearances for Bayern and also led his country to the 2010 FIFA World Cup final , where they lost 1-0 to Spain . Another Dutchman set for a transfer is Liverpool forward Ryan Babel , who has completed a move to Hoffenheim in Germany . The English Premier League club confirmed the news on their website . Hoffenheim , currently eighth in Germany 's top flight , had an offer accepted for the 24-year-old six days ago . Babel , who has 38 caps for the Netherlands , joined Liverpool from Dutch outfit Ajax in 2007 .	Mark van Bommel has signed for Serie A leaders AC Milan from Bayern Munich Bayern have allowed Van Bommel to leave his contract early to move to the San Siro Liverpool 's Ryan Babel is set for a move to Hoffenheim after the two club 's agreed a fee
CNN  -- Big cities are rarely home to thriving farmlands , but a group of Dutch architects hope to change that with the "  Park Supermarket " -- an urban farming project that will attempt to grow and sell all the food of a modern supermarket in one place . The firm behind the proposal , Rotterdam-based Van Bergen Kolpa Architects , intends to produce everything from risotto rice , to kiwis to Tilapia fish all on one 4,000-acre plot of disused land in Randstad , Holland 's largest metropolitan area . In defiance of the country 's moderate climate , the architects say they have devised a system to control the park 's outdoor environment , using old and new farming technologies to simulate Mediterranean and tropical climates in an ecologically sustainable way . The land , which had been earmarked for a large block of business developments before the global recession , cuts across the city fringes of Rotterdam and The Hague , serving a potential customer-base of over one million people , according to Van Bergen Kolpa Architects . "  The cities surrounding the proposed site are home to 170 different eating cultures -- from Moroccan to Indonesian , from Turkish to Chinese -- and we 're aiming to grow food to satisfy all their tastes , " said Jago van Bergen , an award-winning architect and one of the brains behind the "  Park Supermarket " -- which has been shortlisted for the upcoming World Architecture Awards in November . "  The plan is to divide the park into three climate zones -- moderate , Mediterranean and tropical . Because this will also be a recreational space , our goal is to make it as open as possible , without using greenhouses , " he said . But how exactly do you create a warm outdoor microclimate on the urban fringes of a north European city ? According to van Bergen , it 's not as far-fetched or futuristic as it sounds . "  The main differences between a Mediterranean and moderate climate are longer periods of light and warmth in the evening , " he explained . "  To make up this difference we 'll use a combination of traditional and modern farming methods that all work by trapping and storing heat and releasing it when temperatures drop , " So , in an effort to grow typically Mediterranean foods like olives and peppers , for instance , van Bergen says he 'll need little more than rows of "  snake walls " and "  climate pylons . " According to van Bergen , "  snake walls " , made from clay , curve over crops helping to shield them from cold winds , while simultaneously emitting heat absorbed during the day . "  They used this method in the 18th century gardens of eastern Germany 's Potsdam , so the king could grow grapes to make wine that tasted as good as the French stuff , " he said . "  Climate pylons " are a more modern method of trapping heat . Van Bergen says they simply rain down a fine mist of water from high up , creating clouds that act like vapor roofs , stopping warm air from disappearing into the sky . However , for tropical foods like mangoes and basmati rice , van Bergen says the park will need another layer of warmth . "  In this case , we 'll pump geothermal energy -- heat stored deep in the lower soils -- up to the top using underground pipes filled with water , " he explained . "  This technology is used in football stadiums to stop the pitches freezing over and more recently it 's being used to heat homes . " Van Bergen concedes that the pumps and electric-powered lights that artificially extend daylight hours will require an additional input of energy , but claims that it will all be met by local renewable sources . Read related : ` Living ' buildings could inhale city carbon emissions The Park Supermarket was commissioned by planning officials from the South Holland Province , and plans are afoot for a small test site to be up and running by the end of this year . If successful , the firm believes this type of system could form part of a new approach to sustainable farming , making use of urban greenbelts while helping to reduce the carbon footprint associated with food production -- which accounts for up to 30 % of total emissions worldwide , according to a 2008 Greenpeace report . "  The dominant food-production system is based on fossil fuel at every level , " said Dr Martin Caraher , professor of food and health policy at London 's City University . "  It needs oil to make the fertilizer , oil for the farm , oil for the food processing , oil for the packaging and oil to transport it to the shops , " he added . Van Bergen says the park will reduce carbon emissions by cutting down on food processing and transport costs , while stimulating local industry and social bonds . "  Because all the food in our supermarket will be grown on site we wo n't need a big processing factory to make packaging and we wo n't have to burn lots of fossil fuel to transport it across the globe , " he said . However , the Park Supermarket concept does not appeal to everyone . "  Anything that reduces food miles and other carbon emissions linked to food production is normally a positive thing , " said Dr Nicola Canon , lecturer in crop sciences at the UK 's Royal Agricultural College . "  However , I have reservations about any system that creates open artificial climates . "  We know that we are suffering from climate change , with one area enduring long wet spells while another goes through a prolonged drought . I wonder if we really ought to be exploring technologies that seek to control our already unpredictable weather cycles . " Canon is also concerned that the introduction of alien climates may also precipitate the introduction of alien pests . "  Every time you raise humidity , you raise disease affectability -- because where you have good conditions for growth you also have good conditions for disease to grow . I think creating tropical climates next to moderate ones could introduce a host of new diseases and pests to the region in quite an unpredictable way , " she warned . Finally , while Canon says she appreciates what van Bergen and his team are trying to do , she doubts that the system could be replicated on a wider scale . "  In my experience , it takes a lot of resources to create a relatively small microclimate . This means land that could otherwise be used for growing native crops is taken up with technology -- whether it be rows and rows of snake walls or climate pylons or whatever , " she said . For van Bergen , this type of criticism misses the point , because he sees the Park Supermarket as just one of many possible alternatives to the existing system of food production . "  I 'm not a preacher of any one form of agriculture , " he said . "  Just like our energy , I think our future food supplies will have to come from a variety of sources , using a variety of methods -- of which we are sure this will be one . "  But this is about more than sustainable , non-intensive farming , it 's about cultivating community ties and giving new meaning to a space on the edge of the city that is currently being used for very little else . "	Concept designed to produce all food of a modern supermarket on one plot of land Dutch architects say they will use mix of technologies to create artificial growing climates Scheme designed to reduce food production and transportation emissions Crop scientist has doubts about creating artificial microclimates
CNN  -- Japan won the Women 's World Cup for the first time on Sunday , denying the United States a record third title after twice coming from behind in the final and then winning a penalty shootout in Germany . Japan had come into the tournament as sentimental favorites , helping rally a nation that had been devastated by a March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami and nuclear disaster . For the United States , it was more a disappointment -- especially considering that the team twice relinquished leads . The U.S. conceded equalizers at the end of the regulation and extra-time periods , then Japan had a player sent off before the Americans missed their first three spot-kicks . Japan missed their third , but Saki Kumagai blasted the winner high into the net for an unassailable 3-1 lead to make her team the first from Asia to win the four-yearly soccer event . "  We lost to a great team , we really did , " U.S. goalkeeper Hope Solo told ESPN , which broadcast the game . "  I truly believe that something bigger was pulling for this team . " Japanese residents were glued to their televisions , despite the game starting around 4 a.m. local time . In one Tokyo eatery , for instances , scores adorned in the team 's colors burst out in joy once their team beat the U.S. squad for the first time in 26 tries . The Japanese had won only three matches in five previous tournaments , and have never won the Asian title . Women 's soccer a ` beautiful flower ' for post-disaster Japan But , despite their preparations being affected by the earthquake and tsunami that devastated their homeland in March , Japan qualified second in Group B with two wins from three matches . They then denied the hosts a third success by winning the quarterfinal 1-0 in extra-time before beating Sweden 3-1 in the semis . The U.S. had last reached the final at home in 1999 , winning the tournament for the second time after triumphing in the inaugural event in China eight years before then . And Pia Sundhage 's team had looked set to end that long wait wait for another trophy , dominating the first half in Frankfurt as top scorer Abby Wambach hit the underside of the crossbar with a scorching left-foot shot and Lauren Cheney headed over when unmarked . Cheney was replaced at halftime by Alex Morgan , who broke the deadlock in the 69th minute when she latched on to a long pass from Megan Rapinoe and fired in a left-foot shot that gave Japan goalkeeper Ayumi Kaihori no chance . But Japan equalized with nine minutes of regulation time left through Aya Miyama following some disastrous defending by the Americans . Wambach having a ball as she heads to World Cup final The midfielder scored her second goal of the tournament after U.S. captain Christie Rampone uncharacteristically gave the ball away and teammates Alex Krieger and Rachel Buehler were unable to clear the resulting cross . Wambach put the U.S. in front again in the 104th minute , collecting her fourth goal in six matches at the tournament to put her second on the alltime World Cup scoring list with 13 . The striker , whose extra-time equalizer against Brazil took their quarterfinal to a penalty shootout , nodded home from close range after Morgan found space down the left and provided a perfect cross . But Japan refused to give up , and Homare Sawa leveled again with a near-post flick-on from Miyama 's left-wing corner that deflected into the net off Wambach . That strike was the midfielder 's fifth of the tournament , earning her the golden boot award . The drama continued as Japan defender Azusa Iwashimizu was harshly sent off for fouling Morgan on the edge of the area in the final minute , but her teammates scrambled the resulting free-kick clear . The U.S. made the worst possible start to the shootout when Kaihori blocked Shannon Boxx 's attempt with her trailing leg , then Miyama put Japan 1-0 ahead . Carli Lloyd skied her shot over the bar , but Hope Solo gave the Americans a chance when she saved Yuki Nagasoko 's weak effort . However , Kaihori then denied Tobin Heath before Solo got her hand to Mizuho Sakaguchi 's low shot but could not keep it out -- 2-0 to Japan . Wambach coolly slotted in her attempt , as she did in the shootout win over Brazil , but Kumagai clinched a famous victory . "  We made just a couple of mistakes . We let them back in the game but I still think we did well , " Sundhage said in quotes reported by AFP . "  We had a lot of possession and played some good soccer . It 's hard to lose on penalties , some go in and some go out . It 's a small difference between winning and losing . We just did n't take our chances . " Japan 's hero Kaihori said the whole team deserved the credit for their success . "  We have some very good players on the team and that is why we won the final . It is all down to the players in front of me , it was a team effort , " she said . "  I got support during the shootouts because the Americans missed a couple . In a shootout , I just have to believe in myself , and I was very self-confident in that situation . I just wanted to save all those shots coming at me . " The U.S. team , meanwhile , captured the hearts of Americans for its creativity , dazzling plays and free spirit . Their white-knuckle wins kept fans engrossed and revamped interest years after the team 's last win in 1999 , before a packed house at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke by phone with the U.S. team Sunday before the game , wishing the players good luck and telling them that America is proud of how well they 've done . "  I just got the highest hopes that this great team , which has shown such resilience , will be coming back and winning for the U.S. , " Clinton told reporters , adding that she plans to watch the game from Greece . While the U.S. team played for bragging rights and to boost the sport 's profile in their home country , Japanese players were hoping to give their citizens something to smile about after this spring 's massive earthquake and tsunami . "  To be in the final is , to be honest , like a dream , " Japanese player Homare Sawa told FIFA before the game . "  We know USA are a great and strong team , but they have weak points , too , and there 's always a chance to score . " The Japanese players had won over their share of fans , with Solo of the U.S. team calling them "  the sentimental favorites " for helping to lift the spirits of their devastated nation . "  They 're playing for something bigger and better than the game , " the American goalkeeper said in a conference call prior to the match . "  When you are playing with so much heart , that 's hard to play against . "	Japan beat U.S. 3-1 in penalty shootout after Women 's World Cup final ends in 2-2 draw Americans , seeking record third title , miss first three spot-kicks in Frankfurt Japan become first Asian team to win tournament , having never won Asian title U.S. concede equalizers at the end of regulation and extra-time periods
CNN  -- For the third year in a row , the DASH Diet Eating Plan has been named the best overall diet by U.S. News & World Report . Each year , the publication asks experts to rank more than 25 diet plans to help consumers make informed decisions about nutrition . "  To be top-rated , a diet had to be relatively easy to follow , nutritious , safe and effective for weight loss and against diabetes and heart disease , " according to U.S. News & World Report . DASH , or Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension , was developed by the National Institutes of Health for people with high blood pressure . But it is also effective in lowering cholesterol and reducing your risk for heart disease , stroke , kidney stones and diabetes , its website states . Unlike many diet plans , DASH does n't cut out or extremely restrict certain foods . Its focus is on limiting your daily sodium intake . The meal plan has three whole-grain products each day , four to six servings of vegetables , four to six servings of fruit , two to four servings of dairy products and several servings each of lean meats and nuts/seeds/legumes . "  It certainly looked like an all-star to our panel of experts , " U.S. News & World Report wrote . "  Though obscure , it beat out a field full of better-known diets . " Following DASH on the list was the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes  TLC  Diet , which also was created by the National Institutes of Health . Next in line were the Mayo Clinic Diet , the Mediterranean Diet and Weight Watchers -- all tied for third place . U.S. News & World Report also published several other lists , including best weight-loss diets , best diabetes diets , best commercial diet plans and easiest diets to follow . Weight Watchers topped best weight-loss , best commercial diet plan and easiest to follow lists . Also high on several lists were the Jenny Craig plan and "  The Biggest Loser " plan . For more , visit U.S. News & World Report 's Best Diets Rankings . See last year 's rankings here .	The DASH Diet plan was developed by the National Institutes of Health Also topping the list are the TLC Diet , Mayo Clinic Diet and Mediterranean diet Rankings are based on safety , effective weight loss , heart health , diabetes prevention
London  CNN  -- The first race in Melbourne is just around the corner and Formula 1 teams are gearing up for a season which promises to be as technical as it is tactical . Cars converge in 2013 With the sport 's governing body , the FIA announcing minor changes to technical regulations , teams have mostly tweaked their cars in 2013 , says F1 journalist Craig Scarborough . "  There are big rule changes coming up next year so the teams are trying to balance their resources . They do n't need to completely go out and redesign their chassis , it 's just a few little features that they want to incorporate . No one has produced a massively different or a massively exciting car this year , " he said . Red Bull and Ferrari both spoke of "  evolution " at their respective car launches with Red Bull 's chief technical officer Adrian Newey saying the focus had been on the details of the new RB9 . "  We 've tidied up some bits we thought could be improved upon -- but as is usual these days , this is a car in transition , " said Newey at the RB9 's launch . Vettel revs up for glory "  There will be one or two new parts appearing by the first race , which I 'm sure is the same for everybody . After that it 's going to be about development through the year , " Newey added . Mercedes team boss Ross Brawn says the new F1 W04 is a "  clear step forward in design and detail sophistication over its predecessor , " while Lotus have continued their design themes with the E21 , according to technical chief James Allison . Hamilton crashes out in Jerez "  Everyone seems to be converging on the same solutions , " Scarborough says . "  You could almost get an identikit of a nose , a front suspension , a sidepod and a rear suspension and you could shuffle those parts around and pretty much come up with every car on the grid . " Swiss-based Sauber are perhaps an exception to the rule this year , unveiling a car with a new silver livery and noticeably slimmer sidepods . "  Rather than air being sucked into the radiators , the air is going straight over to the exhaust -- this benefits in terms of lower drag , " explains Scarborough . "  Their car this year , as it was last year , is a bit of a tour de force in terms of good ideas and it 's not surprising that Red Bull have copied two or three of their ideas on this year 's car . "  Sauber might be seen as one of the teams that win the design race , but do n't necessarily get the race-to-race results that that deserves . " ` Tsunami of regulatory change ' As Scarborough says , imminent rule changes are looming in team 's rear view mirrors . "  There is an absolute tsunami of regulatory change in 2014 , " says Lotus ' Allison . "  The cars need to be reinvented from scratch . " The biggest change is the engine , says Scarborough , with a 1.6-liter V6 engine replacing the 2.4-liter V8 . "  The engine is producing a lot less power , but what you will have is a far more powerful hybrid/KERS  Kinetic Energy Recovery System  set-up . " "  You will have the conventional KERS -- which obviously charges under braking -- and you can also have a KERS device which attaches to the turbo charger , so when your off the power , you 'll be generating energy through the turbo charger . It 's called thermal energy recovery . "  This will give you more than double the power output --  this year ,  it 's about 80 hp for 6.7 seconds , next year you will probably get 150 hp for about 30 seconds . "  There 's lots of other stuff going on . All the stuff that bolts to the back of the car and all the cooling that requires will be completely different next year , " Scarborough says . Raikkonen : ` Lotus can win F1 title ' To ignore all these changes would mean being uncompetitive in 2014 , says Allison . "  So ,  the E21  needed to be developed while being squeezed on both sides from 2012 and 2014 -- that 's a significant logistical challenge , " Allison said . Will tire changes make for a gripping season ? Pirelli 's new tires are the most significant change this season , says Red Bull 's Newey . According to the Italian-based company , the introduction of new softer compound tires will improve laps times and increase overtaking . "  After a spectacular start with seven winners from the first seven races , the result at the end of the year was races with less competition and sometimes only one pit stop . This phenomenon was also observed in 2011 , disappointing many fans , " Paul Hembery , Pirelli 's motorsport director said when the tires were launched in January . "  Our 2013 range of tires mixes up the cards once more to help overtaking and ensure two to three pit stops per race , " he added . Pirelli say that this year 's hard compound tire  with new orange coloring on the tire sidewall  is "  roughly equivalent to last year 's medium compound " with the "  performance gap between the different compounds now in excess of 0.5 seconds per lap . " Softer compounds mean quicker tire wear , says Scarborough . "  There will be no one-stop races because the tires just wo n't last that long . Drivers will have to manage the tires . Strategy is going to be really critical this year in terms of teams thinking ` do we go for extra tire stops or eek out  the maximum from  a set of tires ? " he said . "  As we saw last year , if you try and run too long on a set of tires they drop off a cliff and lose all performance . That could happen quite quickly with some of the tires this year , particularly if we get a hot season . " The teams and drivers have been getting to grips with the new tires at pre-season testing in Jerez , Spain . "  With these tires , you 're always on your toes , " said Mark Webber and Jenson Button -- who topped the timesheets on the first day of testing -- and they talked of a "  different feeling " compared to last year . "  I think it is a better tire . It will be tricky again in terms of laps and degradation , but Pirelli has done a great job getting a wider range for the tires . "  One thing that I have noticed -- you are able to go fast immediately , even on lap one . That is something that we could n't do last year , " Button told Formula1.com . Who will set the pace in 2013 ? So who will reign in 2013 ? Will Red Bull lead the way again ? Can Ferrari claim a first constuctors ' title in five years ? Or will McLaren end a 15-year drought in their 50th anniversary year ? "  I think you will have Ferrari , Red Bull and McLaren setting the pace . I do n't see that any of them are going to have any degree of dominance . I think it will be a lot tighter , " says Scarborough . "  But like last year I think you 're going to get spurious results in the first third/half of the year as teams get to grips with the tires . You 're going to have a situation like last year where Maldanardo can win in a Williams because they got the tires working right . " "  The people who have built a good car and have the tires sussed out -- Sauber , Williams , Lotus -- could be quite threatening as well . " As for the technical aspects , Scarborough says look out for the development of the exhausts and sidepods and DRS. Perhaps the most intriguing technical unknowns lie with how teams develop their exhausts , sidepods and their Drag Reduction System  known as DRS  , says Scarborough . "  DRS  is a bit of a killer app-type solution . No one 's got it working yet . There will be a number of teams who will try and run it at different races . But really the key thing will be how the teams manage the tires . "	Minor changes to F1 cars for 2013 prior to ` tsunami of regulatory change ' in 2014 New Pirelli tires are most significant changes in 2013 says Red Bull 's Adrian Newey New softer compounds designed to be faster but will degrade more quickly Fight between Ferrari , Red Bull and McLaren expected to tighter in 2013
Atlanta  CNN  -- It was somewhere in the middle of Six Flags ' Goliath roller coaster that my eye started to short-circuit , nearly going black . The towering roller coaster pressed my fellow riders and me deep into our seats as we rounded a set of sharp curves . Many find the ride thrilling ; for me it was unnerving . I spent much of my time in line for the next ride of the day , the Batman roller coaster , reading about the potential for roller coaster deaths and accidents . This was Friday in Georgia , the same day a woman died after falling from her seat on a Six Flags coaster in Texas . Pecking through roller coaster news on my phone that day , before the death in Texas had been reported , I learned , among other things , that it was reported that a 45-year-old died after passing out and having an apparent heart attack on Goliath , the ride that made my eye briefly malfunction . I get that this seems paranoid , and I knew reading this information while waiting in line for a roller coaster was an unnecessary form of self-torture . But I could n't help it . There 's something about a roller coaster death that is uniquely terrifying in a screenplay kind of way . It 's summer fun gone horribly wrong . I think this is partly why so many are shocked and saddened by the death of Rosy Esparza , who fell , according to a witness who spoke with CNN affiliate WFAA , from the Texas Giant roller coaster at Six Flags in Arlington , Texas . The exact cause remains unknown , but authorities say there was no sign of "  foul play or criminality . " Six Flags said in a statement that safety is paramount . "  Since the safety of our guests and employees is our number one priority , the ride has been closed pending further investigation , " the park said . A park spokeswoman did not immediately respond to requests for comment on its safety inspection policies and the calls for federal oversight . Still , it 's a reluctant thrill seeker 's greatest fear . It 's almost impossible to imagine how terrifying the experience would be -- and how family members and fellow riders could process such an accident . After Esparza 's death , Sen. Ed Markey , the Democrat from Massachusetts who recently took the seat vacated by John Kerry , has reportedly renewed his call for federal oversight of roller coaster inspection . "  No federal agency has legal authority to enforce safety standards , " NBC wrote in a post about the safety issues . "  And Texas is one of at least 17 states that have no agency responsible for inspecting amusement park rides , according to NBC News ' survey of state codes in all 50 states . " Markey wants a federal agency to oversee safety enforcement . The Consumer Product Safety Commission regulates mobile amusement park rides , like those found at fairs , but does not have jurisdiction over "  fixed " rides like those at Six Flags , said Scott Wolfson , a spokesman for the federal agency . The difference makes little sense , and Markey is n't alone in his call for more oversight . Tracy Mehan , from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio , said that relatively little is known about the prevalence of roller coaster injuries and deaths because the federal government does n't enforce safety inspections and investigations . A patchwork of state laws govern the process , she said . Would-be roller coaster regulators have been criticized as needlessly scaring people about the dangers of roller coasters . And it 's true that the statistics are n't quite as terrifying as the rides . As the National Review put it this year , "  Americans are 5,000 times more likely to be legally executed by their own government than to die on a roller coaster . " The writer , Charles C.W. Cooke , puts the odds of roller coaster death at 1 in 1.5 billion in a given year , compared with a 1 in 10 million chance of being killed "  because the aircraft he is traveling on falls apart . " But that framing is misleading , given how little is known about national roller coaster injuries . One of the best sources of information comes from a Center for Injury and Policy Research study of child injuries in the United States . After looking at injuries that were treated in hospitals from 1990 to 2010 , the group found that a child is hospitalized from an injury related to an amusement park , carnival , fair or arcade-type ride once every three days in the summer , Mehan said . These are serious injuries : fractures , neck injuries and traumatic brain injuries . Including less serious injuries like bruises and sprains , about 4,440 child injuries are reported to hospitals each year on the rides , including those at fairs and other attractions , she said . The rate is 20 injuries per day during the summer months . "  We would really like to see a national database or a national system put in place so we can get a picture of what 's happening , " she said . The group was unable to compile info on deaths , for example . Regardless of the stats , however , it 's the joy-gone-wrong factor that makes roller coaster deaths particularly horrifying . Are those fears slightly irrational and disproportionate ? Maybe . But safety seems far from assured these days . Improvements , of course , must be weighed against deadlier public safety concerns . More should be done , for instance , to prevent road-traffic deaths , which kill about 1.3 million people globally each year . Many of those deaths could be prevented with simple changes to traffic laws and other rules , according to a fascinating report from Bloomberg Philanthropies  PDF  ; and self-driving cars could lead to greater reductions , still . But the existence of more-pressing and deadlier threats does not justify lax oversight of amusement park rides that are meant to entertain . Roller coaster fans should support a review of safety requirements . Otherwise , at the very least , they risk having a joyous experience soured by fear . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Woman dies on roller coaster in Texas on Friday John Sutter : Federal regulations for roller coasters should be considered Official says the federal government has no authority over rides that are n't mobile
CNN  -- New Zealand captain and key forward Richie McCaw has been passed fit for Sunday 's Rugby World Cup semifinal clash with neighbors Australia in Auckland . Reports had suggested the flanker could miss the host nation 's eagerly-awaited showdown with the two-time world champion Wallabies due to a foot injury , after the 30-year-old played a limited role in this week 's training sessions . But McCaw has been named in Graham Henry 's starting XV as the All Blacks aim to reach their first final at the four-yearly tournament since winning the inaugural event on home soil 24 years ago . Aaron Cruden comes in at flyhalf for only his eighth Test appearance after Dan Carter 's deputy Colin Slade aggravated a groin injury during the quarterfinal win over Argentina last weekend . Piri Weepu retains his place at scrumhalf after kicking 21 points in New Zealand 's 33-10 victory over the Pumas . But despite his match-winning display in Auckland , Weepu 's joy at reaching the semifinals was countered by learning his paternal grandfather had passed away . "  It was pretty tough at the beginning , " the 28-year-old told reporters . "  Especially coming off the field on Sunday , seeing my father trying to get a hold of me . He pretty much broke the news . "  It was pretty tough but I 'm back in camp now and I 've got the support I need from the boys to help me get through this week and hopefully put in a good effort . " Australia beat New Zealand 25-20 when the two sides met in the Tri-Nations in August , and the Wallabies have won their last two World Cup contests -- in the semifinals in 1991 and 2003 . Kurtley Beale has been selected at fullback for the Wallabies in the hope the 22-year-old will recover from a hamstring injury . If Beale fails to make Sunday 's encounter , Adam Ashley-Cooper will fill in and be replaced at outside center by 24-year-old Anthony Faingaa . Australia , coached by former All Blacks fullback Robbie Deans , will have to become the first team to beat New Zealand at Eden Park in 17 years to reach a fourth World Cup final . Wales have reached the last four for the first time since 1987 , and coach Warren Gatland has made one change to the team which recorded a 22-10 win over Ireland in the quarterfinals ahead of Saturday 's semi with France . James Hook replaces the injured Rhys Priestland at flyhalf for what will be his 58th international cap as Wales look to reach their first World Cup final . France , beaten by New Zealand in the 1987 final , will be unchanged following the 19-12 win over England . Coach Marc Lievremont 's Les Blues will attempt to repeat their 28-9 defeat of Wales in this year 's Six Nations .	Richie McCaw is declared fit for New Zealand 's Rugby World Cup semifinal All Blacks captain has been struggling with a foot injury throughout the tournament Wales make one change to their team ahead of last-four tie against France France coach Marc Lievremont names an unchanged team for Saturday 's match
Beijing  CNN  -- It has been called the first "  Twitter Olympics " in the West , including on CNN . But in China -- where the government has long blocked the popular U.S.-based social media site -- the London Games are undoubtedly the first "  Weibo Olympics . " Micro-blogging sites -- called "  Weibo " in Chinese -- have exploded in China since one of the country 's biggest web portals , Sina , launched its Twitter-like service in 2009 , a year after the Beijing Olympics . Now several leading Weibo sites give an estimated 250 million users a platform for unprecedented diversity of opinion on the world 's biggest sporting event and beyond . Million of comments are being posted about Olympic-related topics , with many echoing the state media coverage 's cheers and celebration over Chinese athletes ' stellar performance , especially the two record-shattering swims by the country 's gold medalist Ye Shiwen . Read more : Ye 's Shiwen 's ` unbelievable ' swims are talk of Olympics State media covered allegations raised by Western coaches and journalists that Ye had been doped with nationalistic fervor , prompting countless profanity-filled tirades against her accusers on Sina Weibo . However many cooler heads also reminded their fellow countrymen to look at the overall international reception to Ye 's achievements . "  I 'm actually surprised to see that 99 % of Americans seem to be defending Ye 's innocence in their comments on CNN 's story on her , " posted a user named Muyao . "  We ca n't simply say Western media did this or that -- they do n't speak with one voice , " wrote a user named Hongwenkaiqiang . Read more : China says West being ` petty ' over Ye Others also pointed out that state media has largely failed to mention the 1990s , an embarrassing period for Chinese swimmers during which several female stars tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs . "  The impact of the scandals back then is still being felt today , " said user Dahaoheshan . Many Sina Weibo users , who continue to brave the seven-hour time difference to stay up late for live Olympics coverage , have also exchanged views on China 's state-sponsored sports system -- thoughts often too provocative to be heard in state-controlled media . Read more : Doping expert : ` Only 10 % caught ' Some had harsh words for the seemingly cruel aspects of the system 's "  gold-medal-at-all-cost " mentality , for example , when diving gold medalist Wu Minxia 's mother told domestic media that she hid the news of the passing of Wu 's grandparents as well as her own breast cancer so not to distract Wu from her training . "  Is a gold medal so important that even the deaths of her grandparents should be kept in secret ? " asked user Binghanyulin . "  Is a gold medal more important than family ties ? " A similar sentiment emerged following reports in Chinese media that Zhang Chenglong , a member of the gold-winning men 's gymnastic team , had spent only 17 days at home with his family in the past 14 years . "  I wonder if this is any different from being sent to prison -- except even prisons allow visitors , " commented a user whose lengthy handle begins with "  Shenme . " "  How would seeing your family have a devastating impact on your sports performance ? " Read more : Olympics Day 5 sees scandals , joy , world records and controversy There has also been an outpouring of online sympathy and support for athletes who have failed to reach the top in London , like weightlifter Wu Jingbiao who cried uncontrollably after winning a silver and apologized on national television for "  letting the country down . "  You do n't have to apologize -- I do n't think gold medals equal the Olympic spirit , " said user Yuzili . "  We all cheered for you -- it was just a game . " Besides all the serious reflection on the country 's sports system , some Weibo posts also touched the lighter -- albeit no less sensitive -- side of Chinese athletics . After Team China captured the top prize in men 's gymnastics , one member , Feng Zhe -- a prolific poster on Sina Weibo with almost two million followers -- received more than just heartfelt congratulations . A one-line message he posted in October 2010 was dug up , generating thousands of retweets and comments within hours . The post teased : "  The reason you 're not gay is because you have n't met the man who can capture your heart . " While some thought it was just Feng being his facetious self , the overwhelming response appeared to hail a rare coming out for gay Chinese athletes . The post soon disappeared from Feng 's public feed . Even at the free-spirited Weibo Olympics , some taboo subjects seem to remain .	Unprecedented Olympic chatter in China over micro-blogging sites Around 250 million people are exchanging views like never before Most popular site Sina Weibo only started after 2008 Beijing Olympics Some are commenting on China 's "  gold-at-all-costs " sports system
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thousands of Thai riot police faced off against anti-government demonstrators in Bangkok Friday as they attempted to seize sites occupied by protesters for months . Security forces only succeeded in narrowing the areas held by protesters in some parts of the city , but vowed to return to continue their efforts Saturday . The stand-offs passed without serious violence , although a journalist sustained minor injuries when a protester near Government House threw a firecracker . Demonstrators opposed to the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra have been camped out since November at sites including Government House -- the office of the prime minister and appointed cabinet ministers -- and the government complex in the Chaengwattana area of Bangkok 's suburbs . But Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , Thailand 's national security chief , told CNN that enough was enough . "  Public sentiment now is ` That 's enough . ' It has gone beyond peaceful protest , " he said . The protesters ' actions were blocking public access to government services , making intervention by authorities necessary , he said . "  We are going to enforce the law against protesters in certain areas . " While security forces succeeded in seizing only some of the territory held by protesters , he said they would be back tomorrow . "  We have withdrawn our forces and will go back there again tomorrow , " said Paradon . "  We were there to express our seriousness that we have to retake the area ,  or  at least open up the roads for public . " He said he did not expect events to turn violent , saying his approach was to attempt negotiations before sending in teams to retake the area . READ MORE : After disrupting Thailand elections , protesters vow to continue Protesters have been calling for the ouster of Yingluck , whom they allege is a puppet of her billionaire brother , the deposed , exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . The protests were sparked in November by her government 's attempt to pass an amnesty bill , that would have paved the way for her brother 's return to the political fray in earnest . Yingluck called general elections on February 2 in an attempt to bring an end to the crisis . But the opposition Democrat Party boycotted the polls and protesters blocked officials from gathering ballots and obstructed voter registration in many constituencies . Thailand 's Constitutional Court ruled this week that there were insufficient grounds to consider a petition filed by lawyer Wiratana Kalayasiri , a former MP for the Democrat Party , seeking the annulment of the elections . READ MORE : Trapped in a gunfight -- CNN producer 's harrowing account of Thai election violence READ MORE : Thai elections -- the politics of crisis	Thai police and protesters faced off Friday as authorities tried to clear protest sites Parts of Bangkok have been occupied since November Authorities regained some of the area held by protesters near Government House They vowed to return tomorrow to try again
CNN  -- Manchester United came a goal behind and shrugged off the early loss of Michael Owen to injury to beat German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 for their second victory in Champions League Group B. Giggis is congratulated by teammates after scoring his 150th goal for United . Owen , looking to impress watching England manager Fabio Capello , survived for just 20 minutes at Old Trafford before going off with a groin strain . His replacement Dimitar Berbatov proved highly effective but the enterprising visitors went ahead through a Edin Dzeko header in the 56th minute . Ryan Giggs equalized just three minutes later with his 150th goal for the Red Devils , his deflected shot finding its way home . The evergreen Giggs then set up Michael Carrick for the 76th minute winner as he curled home his shot from the edge of the penalty area . United manager Alex Ferguson paid his own compliment to the Welsh wizard as he reflected on a hard-fought home victory . "  He 's unbelievable , all the infinitives , all the praise over the years , I do n't know if you can add to it . He 's a marvellous player . " Ferguson also revealed that Owen would be out for between two to three weeks with his latest injury . The three points leave United top of the group with two wins from two games after their eighth victory in a row in all competitions . In the other Group B action on Wednesday , CSKA Moscow bounced back from their 2-1 defeat to Wolfsburg in the first round of matches to see off Turkish champions Besiktas 2-1 . Midfielders Alan Dzagoev and Milos Krasic scored for the hosts either side of half time , with Besiktas , beaten in their first two games , pulling a goal back thorugh Ismail Koybasi . In Group A , the heavyweight clash between Bayern Munich and Juventus ended in a goalless draw . Munich had several chances in their home Allianz Arena , but failed to convert them although they do top the group with four points . French champions Bordeaux are in second place on goal difference after a 1-0 home win over Israeli counterparts Maccabi Haifa . Having drawn with Juventus in their group opener , Laurent Blanc 's men had wait until the 83rd minute for a vital breakthrough as Michael Ciani headed home from Gregory Sertic 's corner . Juventus are third in the group after two draws , with Maccabi bottom after drawing blank .	Manchester United beat VfL Wolfsburg 2-1 in Champions League Group B Michael Carrick scores winner after Ryan Giggs equalizes for Red Devils Bayern and Juventus draw 0-0 in Group A clash in Munich
CNN  -- With many workers stuck at their desks during the late-morning swearing-in of President Obama on Tuesday , more people than ever went online to watch live video of the historic inauguration . A group crowds around a laptop to watch the inaugural events in Washington . News sites , including CNN.com , shattered records for viewers watching live streaming video online . And , sometimes for the first time , news sites carried video feeds on their front pages . About 7.7 million people watched the inauguration on Tuesday online at the same time , according to Akamai Technologies Inc. . That likely makes the inauguration the single most-watched event in the history of live Web video , according to the company , which handles Web traffic for more than 150 news sites worldwide , including nytimes.com , Ustream , Viacom , WSJ.com and others . Across the day , nearly 27 million people watched streaming video on CNN.com Live on Tuesday , according to CNN spokeswoman Jennifer Martin . That 's more than five times the site 's previous record , set on Election Day , when 5.3 million people watched streaming video of the day 's events . CNN.com Live estimates that it streamed 1.3 million simultaneous video feeds just before Obama 's inaugural address Tuesday . That may be a record for live video on the Internet . YouTube set a record with 700,000 viewers on a variety show on Election Day in November , the Los Angeles Times reported . The record has not been confirmed by third-party sources . The New York Times declined to release its Tuesday numbers , but spokeswoman Stacy Green said nytimes.com saw more streaming Web users than ever . CBSNews.com also reported a record day for online video , said Sarah Cain , a spokeswoman for the network . Sites tried to attract viewers in new ways , linking their news coverage with social media networks like Facebook and Twitter . Obama himself got in on the action , posting this message to his Twitter account after the November 4 election : "  We just made history . All of this happened because you gave your time , talent and passion . All of this happened because of you . " For some viewers , the inauguration was a first-time experiment with streaming video online , and the high traffic on most sites did n't always make that transition easy . Some news sites ' coverage froze during the inauguration , according to Keynote Systems Inc. , which tracks Internet performance . Keynote Systems spokesman Dan Berkowitz said the Web 's top 40 sites slowed by as much as 60 percent by the time the ceremony started at 11 a.m. On CNN.com , some streaming-video watchers who were pushed into a temporary "  waiting room " were shown this tongue-in-cheek message : "  You made it ! However , so did everyone else . " Chris Ariens , editor of the blog WebNewser , said he watched live online video coverage from CNN , MSNBC , ABC and CBS . All froze , leading Ariens to revert back to a television in his office . "  I think the bottom line was , while it was great to be able to , from the ease of your desktop , watch some of the coverage , when push came to shove , you had to go back to television , " he said . A blogger for CBSNews.com acknowledged trouble with its online video . "  Just as massive crowds filled the National Mall in Washington , millions of users flocked to online video feeds , " James M. Klatell wrote in a CBSNews.com blog entry Tuesday . "  Maybe we 're not as far into the Internet Age as we thought . " The hiccups in Web video should not be discouraging for viewers or news companies , said Al Tompkins , who teaches broadcasting and online news at the Poynter Institute , a school for journalists in Florida . If anything , he said , the trouble with streaming video should show companies there 's great consumer demand for video online . "  They need to know that if they build it they will come , and -LSB- Tuesday -RSB- was a great example that there is a demand for video , " Tompkins said . Some viewers turned to radio and other forms of media to fill in the gaps in online video technology . Others gathered around office computers to watch the ceremony online . Tompkins said viewership of Web video was high Tuesday partly because it was available on so many sites -- and because many workers were trapped at their desks during the inauguration . Clint Cantwell , who works in public relations in New York , left his office near Times Square briefly to take in the excitement outside . Then he returned to his desk to watch streaming coverage . The video stalled at times , but the audio worked , and Cantwell said he genuinely enjoyed watching an inauguration for the first time online . "  In the past , you pretty much had to be at home or in an office with television to be able to experience what 's in Washington , " said Cantwell , who also sent photos to CNN 's iReport , a public submission site that saw an unprecedented 12,000 entries on Tuesday . Although the inauguration set records for Web video , it 's unclear exactly how the ceremony ranked against other news events in terms of total hits online . Globally , Akamai reported , 5.4 million visitors were visiting Web pages per minute at noon Tuesday , with most of the crowd in North America . Four other news events have garnered more Web attention than Tuesday 's inauguration , according to Akamai 's Web site . The top-ranking news event in terms of views per minute was Obama 's election in November , with 8.6 million views per minute . A World Cup match and two basketball games also ranked higher than the inauguration . CNN.com partnered with Facebook , the social networking site , to let online friends share commentary while watching the inauguration live . Facebook reported unprecedented traffic during the event , with the site averaging 4,000 status updates per hour Tuesday morning . The online comments reportedly peaked at 8,500 updates per minute during Obama 's inaugural speech . News consumers have been turning to the Internet in increasing numbers for years . Last year , for the first time , the Pew Research Center reported that more Americans said they got most of their national and international news online than in print . Tompkins , the journalism teacher , said it 's up to news companies to keep advancing the way they cover big events .	More people than ever go online to watch live video of inauguration Nearly 27 million people watched streaming video on CNN.com Live Many news sites crashed during online coverage Social networks partnered with news sites to increase traffic online
CNN  -- Most of the great land expeditions in the world have already been conquered . But British explorers Ben Saunders and Tarka L'Herpiniere are about to set off on one of the last . The two-man team is heading to Antarctica to attempt to walk the 2,987 kilometer  1,800 mile  journey to the South Pole and back . If they succeed , it will be the longest unsupported polar journey in history . They will be re-tracing the steps of Captain Robert Falcon Scott who had hoped to be become the first man to reach the South Pole . It was only when the ill-fated British explorer arrived at the Pole in January 1912 that he found someone else had beaten him to it . His rival Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen had claimed the honor 33 days earlier . Read more : Landmark exhibition celebrates century since Scott 's fateful journey "  I ca n't imagine what their morale must have been turning around at the Pole , having found a Norwegian flag there , and having to walk all the way back to the coast , " says Saunders . Scott himself gives some insight to his feelings in the journal found with his body when it was discovered in November 2012 just 17.7 km  11 miles  from a supply depot that could have saved his life . "  Great God ! This is an awful place , " he wrote . It has been more than a century since Scott died on that return journey and while many have since visited the South Pole , no one has ever even attempted to walk the entire round trip without a support team . "  It just seemed to be hanging out there as a journey that ought to be finished , " says Saunders , who will attempt the feat . There will be no dogs , no support team . Just two men with 200kg sleighs walking across what Scott described as a "  slough of despond . " A century on , Saunders and L'Herpiniere will still face the same brutal Antarctic conditions as Scott . They will have to negotiate ever-changing glaciers riddled with crevasses where temperatures plunge as low as -50 degrees Celsius  -58 degrees Fahrenheit  . But what they will have is state-of-the-art equipment and technology . "  We have clothing , equipment , food and technology that Scott could never have dreamed of , " says Saunders . "  It actually has more in common with space flight than guys dragging wooden sleighs around . " The ability to communicate could not only be potentially life-saving , but will also allow Saunders to upload blogs , video and photographs to the Scott Expedition website throughout what he hopes will be a ground-breaking four-month journey .	Tarka L'Herpiniere and Ben Saunders plan to walk 2,987 km to the South Pole and back . If the British explorers succeed , it will be the longest unsupported polar journey in history . They will retrace the steps of Robert Scott , beaten to the Pole by rival Roald Amundsen . There will be no dogs , no support team . Just two men with 200kg sleighs .
CNN  -- While Fernando Alonso has overcome the shortcomings of his 2012 Ferrari to be an early title contender , the two-time world champion 's teammate Felipe Massa is facing an uncertain future after a disappointing start to the Formula One season . Massa was again well off the pace at the Spanish Grand Prix on Sunday , despite improvements to the vehicle which helped Alonso finish second and move level on points with championship leader Sebastian Vettel . The Brazilian suffered the embarrassment of being lapped by Alonso and Williams ' race winner Pastor Maldonado , coming in 15th to leave him with just two points from the opening five rounds . Ferrari 's team principal Stefano Domenicali publicly backed the under-performing 31-year-old in March , but Massa has now been told better results will be expected when the championship resumes in Monaco on May 27 . "  Felipe was very unlucky , both in the race and in qualifying , " read a statement on Ferrari 's official website . "  But everyone , he more than anyone , is expecting a change of gear starting right away with the Monaco Grand Prix , his second home race , given that he lives just a few hundred meters from what , as from next Sunday , will be transformed into the paddock for the sixth round of the 2012 championship . " Massa 's most successful year in the elite division of motorsport was in 2008 , when he was denied a first world championship crown by McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton on the final corner of the final race . But the former Sauber driver has struggled to reach those heights since , partly due to a freak accident at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix which left him with a fractured skull . His form has also spiraled since being told to let Alonso pass him while leading a race in Germany in 2010 . The last time the first five races were won by five different drivers was in 1983 , and Domenicali believes Ferrari can be true contenders despite a lack of early-season pace . "  It takes very little to change the hierarchy among the teams and this rule is even more true when the differences are just a few tenths or even hundredths , " he said . "  This year , the winner will be whoever manages to bring the best technical updates to the track in the shortest time possible : staying still for just a handful of races could mean finishing out of the points , given that so many teams have proved capable of fighting for the top places . "  We achieved our goal of making a step forward in Spain , but we must continue down this path , especially as the gap to the time that gave Hamilton his pole position is still too big . " Meanwhile , F1 chiefs are still investigating the fire that cast a shadow over Williams ' first grand prix victory since 2004 and the first race victory by a Venezuelan driver . The blaze in the British team 's garage left seven people in hospital , but a statement released by Williams on Monday confirmed that all but one of those injured have now been released . "  One member of the team remains in hospital in Spain having suffered burns in the incident , " read the statement . "  He is stable and will return to the UK within the next 48 hours to receive further medical care . "  His family are in constant communication and he is in good spirits . Investigations into the cause of the fire are ongoing in collaboration with the FIA and local authorities . "  The team would like to thank everyone for their good wishes and support over the past 24 hours . " Team principal Frank Williams thanked the other teams for their help and support following the incident . "  While the incident was unexpected and definitely most undesirable , it has demonstrated the genuine cohesiveness , camaraderie and spirit of co-operation that exists within the Formula One paddock , " he said . "  The astonishing response from the teams and other paddock personnel was immediate , unconditional and overwhelming . "	Ferrari expect Felipe Massa 's form to improve at the Monaco Grand Prix The Brazilian has scored just two points so far in the 2012 Formula One season Massa finished 15th at the Spanish Grand Prix and was lapped by his teammate One person remains in hospital following the fire which engulfed the Williams garage at the race
HBO is backing a documentary based on "  Going Clear , " a book about Scientology and Hollywood -- and is n't taking any chances with the legal side of things . "  We have probably 160 lawyers " looking at the film , HBO Documentary Films President Sheila Nevins told The Hollywood Reporter .  HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . "  Going Clear , " by Pulitzer Prize-winning writer Lawrence Wright  "  The Looming Tower "  , digs into the life of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard and the influence his church has had on its believers , many of whom have close ties to Hollywood . Among Tinseltown 's famous Scientologists are John Travolta and Tom Cruise . Some of Wright 's findings , including claims of abuse , did n't go over well with the church . "  The stories of alleged physical abuse are lies concocted by a small group of self-corroborating confessed liars . The hard evidence clearly shows that no such conduct ever occurred and that in fact there is evidence that shows it did NOT occur , " the group 's spokeswoman , Karin Pouw , told CNN 's Miguel Marquez in 2013 . Author of Scientology book : ` There have been a lot of tears in this story ' The documentary is being directed by Alex Gibney , who won an Oscar for 2007 's "  Taxi to the Dark Side . " HBO expects to air the documentary in 2015 .	HBO is producing a film based on "  Going Clear , " a book about Scientology The network , preparing for legal battle , has hired 160 lawyers , according to exec Documentary will be directed by Alex Gibney of "  Taxi to the Dark Side " fame
CNN  -- California public television icon Huell Howser has died , his longtime station said Monday , an announcement that set off a flood of heartfelt condolences from his fans in the Golden State and beyond . He was 67 . The Tennessee native quietly retired in late November after 25 years in which he became a household name in his adopted state as host of "  California 's Gold " and other televised travelogues on KCET . He died Sunday night at his home in the Los Angeles area , said Ryan Morris of Huell Howser Productions . "  Huell elevated the simple joys and undiscovered nuggets of living in our great state , " KCET said in a statement . " ... Most importantly , he reminded us to find the magic and wonderment in our lives every day . " Howser grew up in Tennessee , graduated from the University of Tennessee , worked on a U.S. senator 's staff and served in the U.S. Marine Corps , according to a biography posted on his company website . He then launched his television career at WSM in Nashville . He moved on to a job hosting a magazine-style TV series at WCBS in New York before landing in Los Angeles in 1981 as a reporter for KCBS . Six years later , Howser joined forces with KCET , a public television station , to produce a program known as "  Videolog " showcasing the stories of all types of people . That led to "  California 's Gold " and six other series about life in the Golden State , including "  Visiting with Huell Howser , " "  Road Trip with Huell Howser , " "  California 's Golden Parks , " "  California 's Green , " "  California 's Water " and "  Downtown . " In addition to California , his shows could be seen in Oregon , Nevada and Tennessee . Less than 20 minutes after KCET posted news of Howser 's death on its Facebook page , more than 150 fans had posted responses mourning his loss and remembering his impact on California and their lives . They remembered him as "  amazing , " a "  favorite " and "  one-of-a-kind talent " who also possessed a "  kind curiosity . " One man said that news of Howser 's death "  brought tears to my eyes like I lost a friend , " and another remarked that "  Sunday evenings will not be the same . " "  So I guess God needed a host for ` Heaven 's Gold , ' " wrote another Facebook commenter . "  We will miss you , but you will live on ... and on . " People we lost in 2012	Huell Howser grew up in Tennessee and worked there and in New York He came to California in the 1980s and became known for his travelogues Fans are remembering him as "  amazing , " a "  favorite " and "  one of a kind "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's midnight on the streets of Atlanta , and bar owner Rufus Terrill patrols his neighborhood with a rolling crime fighter of his own creation . Meet "  Bum-bot , " as Terrill describes it ; others in his neighborhood call it simply , "  Robocop . " This former BBQ smoker is armed with a water gun to chase off bums and drug dealers in downtown Atlanta . It 's a barbecue smoker mounted on a three-wheeled scooter , and armed with an infrared camera , spotlight , loudspeaker and aluminum water cannon that shoots a stream of icy water about 20 feet . Operated by remote control , the robot spotlights trespassers on property down the street from his bar , O'Terrill 's . Using a walkie-talkie , Terrill belts out through the robot 's loudspeaker , "  That 's private property . You guys need to get out of here . " Terrill is chasing out unsavory-looking characters from a street corner that resembles a drug dealer 's dream at night . More than 20 suspicious people were seen huddling in the dark in the front driveway and side parking lot on this night . Some were seen openly making drug deals . Watch "  Bum-bot " in action " But during the day , it 's where young children frolic on a nearby playground at a the Beacon of Light Daycare Center in downtown Atlanta . It has become a nightmare for day care operator Lydia Meredith . "  This whole square is enveloped with homeless people and drug dealers , defecating , urinating , prostituting -- the whole nine yards . And the overflow of that behavior , we get to cleanup every morning , " she says . Meredith says people often toss used syringes and condoms onto the playground . Terrill , an engineer by trade , is also a board member at the day care center . Tired of cleaning up after the shady characters , he decided to take action . That 's when he built his downtown Darth Vader of sorts . "  He 's a neighborhood vigilante , " says Meredith , "  and when he came up with this -- you know , I call it Robocop -- I said , ` Praise God . ' " The daycare center is a block from a homeless shelter . Meredith has a security guard at the center who leaves in the early evening . "  They know when the guard leaves , " she says . "  They know when the cleaning crew leaves and then here comes the drug dealers to prey on the homeless people . " Anita Beatty , the director of the shelter , is suspicious of the barbecue-smoker robot . "  I just think the whole ` Robocop ' spraying people is a little freaky . We really need some police protection in this neighborhood . I think it 's confusing the issue . I think the issue is homeless people . They are being confused with the folks who prey on them and sell them drugs , " she says . Atlanta police patrol the area , but say it 's difficult to stay on top of the large number of people who roam the streets in the area late at night . Police Major Lane Hagin says the robot is definitely a different crime-fighting idea . "  There 's no problem with the robot going up and down the street or being visible or any of the other things it does -- with the exception of spraying water on people . " Hagin adds , "  Then , it becomes an assault no matter where it happens . " So far no one has filed charges against Terrill or the robot . But one homeless man who declined to give his name followed Terrill and his robot down the street and laughingly told him , "  I know about you . I can sue you for assault . " Terrill says he 's not hurting anyone and often sprays the water to the side of loiterers as a ploy to get them to move on . He 's also not about to back down . "  If you 're throwing condoms out on the side of the playground , if you 're throwing needles , you 're throwing crack pipes out there , I 'm not going to let those kids be out there like that . I 'm going to stop you . " Terrill bought his bar four years ago knowing nothing about the restaurant business . He ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor of Georgia in 2006 . He 's had ongoing problems with people breaking into his bar and stealing things , but it was the day care center problems that spurred him on to create the robot . Some of Terrill 's bar patrons say they 've seen a difference in the neighborhood . Susanne Coe lives nearby . "  I 've seen a marked change simply with this robot that does n't have any power of arrest . It does scare people and to be honest with you I 'm grateful for it , " she says . On this night , as Terrill and his robot make their way to the street corner , he shines the robot 's spotlight on the parking lot of the daycare center . One by one , the shadowy figures stand up , walk away and saunter down the street . "  Ninety-nine percent of the time , when I go up there and once I turn the spotlight on and I talk to them through the speaker , they leave , " he says . E-mail to a friend	Atlanta bar owner converts BBQ smoker into robot to chase off drug dealers , others "  Bum-bot " is armed with a water gun and loudspeaker Cops frown upon spraying water at bystanders , say it could be assault
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- In the months leading up to the start of the 2014 Winter Olympics the story of Sochi , the stage for one of the world 's biggest sporting extravaganzas , has evolved into a distinctly negative narrative : security threats , gay-rights protests and corruption allegations . Security because areas such as Chechnya , Dagestan and Georgia -- all nations close to Sochi 's location on the north coast of the Black Sea -- have ongoing issues with Russia that have a history of violence . Two recent bombings in Volgograd , and reports of suicide bombers dubbed "  black widows " in operation , prompted the U.S. government to say it viewed the Games as an "  attractive target for terrorists . " Gay rights because Russia 's government banned what it defined as "  gay propaganda " in 2013 , a move that has seen widespread criticism from competing athletes and areas of the international media , and has led to some high-profile politicians refusing to attend . Detractors argue such laws fly in the face of the Olympics charter , which states the Games , like sport itself , should be available to all , regardless of race , sex or sexual orientation and free of discrimination . And corruption because the Games have cost more than $ 50 billion according to some sources , more than any other in history , and have been funded against a backdrop of criticism from opposition groups . Former deputy prime minister Boris Nemtsov has complained of "  embezzlement and kick backs " and questioned where $ 20-30 billion has been spent . But there is another narrative that is worthy of reflection : Russia 's attempts to forge a new identity on the international landscape through sport , and from this point of view first impressions count . Security Without wanting to pretend to be authoritative on an area with next-to-zero expertise , anecdotally the security seems impressive . As with London 2012 , all entry to Olympic venues require an airport-style security check and X-ray as well as a barcode scan of your ticket before gaining access . Police are at all major sites in good numbers , along all major roads traveled thus far , and are supported by military personnel as well . Vehicle searches are thorough and mandatory for entry into International Olympic Commission  IOC  managed territories , even freeways have security atop embankments and escarpments monitoring the traffic drive past . The much touted "  Ring of Steel , " on the face of it at least , is in place and high profile . Venues My visit to Sochi 's coastal cluster awaits , but the mountain facilities witnessed so far proved awesome in the true sense of the word . A ski jump whose start point seems to scratch the sky such is the way that it 's perched on , and protrudes from , the mountainside ; cable cars that criss-cross spectators across the epic crevasses below ; huge seating galleries and bleachers , erected on the angled ground with a complex mesh of scaffolding and ingenuity ; slopes and slideways of the Alpine Center and Sanki Center  race locations for the downhill skiing-type events and bobsleigh-type events respectively  that carve smooth pathways down the otherwise unpredictable surfaces ; they are fantastic stages for sporting competition . Accommodation First impressions of the accommodation has broadly not been good , an assessment which , in large part , has been formed by the unpreparedness of hotels set aside for media . Journalists are known to be a vainglorious lot but there is a serious point here that rooms booked for large expense , months in advance , are not ready and their state was not communicated well to those affected . At worst this could test the claim of IOC president Thomas Bach that all but 3 % of rooms are ready . It raises fears of spectators who are traveling from far and wide that they could be left out in the cold . At best it 's something of a PR disaster . Frustrating those with the loudest mouths is an early own-goal to concede and one that London , which contended with its own doom-mongers ahead of the 2012 opening ceremony , avoided with aplomb . Transport The "  World 's Most Expensive Road " has had its detractors -- the joke doing the rounds is that it would have been cheaper to lay caviar as a surface than the Tarmac used . But the estimated $ 8.6 billion cost for less than 30 miles aside , the road -- as well as the railway that runs parallel to it -- is nothing short of an engineering marvel . The dual carriageway cuts a path from the pleasant climes of the coastal Olympic Park through the vertiginous slopes of the Caucasus mountains , boring through the hard rock of any peak that had the temerity to stand in its path and traversing rock-strewn , river-chiseled chasms with a nonchalance only construction ambition on a grand scale can pull off . The tunnels are many , the steel bridges are myriad and concrete supports and structures , which hold the transport arteries in the air , creep up the snow-capped slopes like a giant , monolithic ivy . The buses , across the IOC zone , are plentiful and regular too . Cost The investment from the Russian government to make the Games a reality is reputed to have risen above $ 50 billion and by anyone 's standards , bar maybe a politician called Putin , that 's a number beyond imagination or moral reckoning . Could such an expenditure ever be justified ? Well , before any judgment , it should at least be considered that Sochi is very different to the Vancouver , Turin or even London scenario . The coastal cluster -- actually situated in the town of Adler , a few miles south of Sochi -- now boasts world-class , design-led arenas , a spectacular media center , new hotels as well as new train links and stations . But it 's in the mountains where the true scope of the project is revealed . It 's fair to say that many Olympic locations in the Krasnaya Polyana region , such as the athletes ' village , the Gorki media center and the resort of Rosa Khutor , more closely resemble new towns than alpine sporting facilities . Russian officials claim the sporting cost of the Games is $ 6.4 billion , and the vast outlay on transport links , power supplies and sewerage should be seen as regional development and not included in the headline budget . The viability of its legacy will be a story for another day . The intangible vibe One of the most striking memories of the London 2012 experience was the feelgood factor created by an army of volunteers who turned out in their droves to help the Olympic effort prove a success . Sochi looks well-placed to continue this momentum . Many of the temporary workforce , clad in rainbow-colored 2014 Games-themed mountain apparel , stand outside for much of the day -- braving freezing temperatures -- so they can show the way to those who are lost , give advice to those confused and to make the travel-weary feel welcome . Their English skills and enthusiasm has already left an impression , from the night-shift volunteer who helped with bag check-in at Moscow airport to the man who helped explain the bus timetable and pickup points to this befuddled writer . From the students keen to take part in an event that could shape their future to those who have taken the opportunity to work in the new jobs created , there is a sense of excitement and pride . Russia , a country notorious for its autocratic government and stone-faced expressions , has historically driven fear and paranoia in many Western nations . Hosting the Winter Games is a grand welcome to the world to learn more about its culture and people , or to witness its grandstanding depending on your stance , a move that in itself is fascinating .	Sochi buildup has been negative : security threats , gay-rights protests , corruption claims But another narrative appears : Russia 's bid to forge a new identity through sport The much touted "  Ring of Steel " around Sochi looks to be in place "  World 's most expensive road " is nothing short of an engineering marvel
CNN  -- As we approached Cowboys Stadium on the outskirts of Dallas in December , I knew we were in for quite an experience . After all , football is almost a religion there . Fans of all ages were filling the huge stadium , not to see a professional game but to watch the state 's high school football championships . I met up with Eddie Canales , who was with his son Chris as well as several Gridiron Heroes and their families and caregivers . I could see right away that part of his mission was giving these young men a chance to have some fun . The atmosphere felt like a family reunion , with hugs , jokes and lots of football talk . We looked like a small parade as we rolled into the stadium with five wheelchairs and a large entourage . We were escorted down to the posh club level right behind the sidelines . It was an incredible view of the massive stadium . An enormous high-definition TV hung from the ceiling . At seven stories high , it was said to be the largest television in the world . We headed onto the field with my cameraman to do some filming . I 'd been a bit worried about this moment . These young men 's lives had been changed on the gridiron ; would they feel strange about going back onto a football field ? The answer was a resounding no -- everyone seemed excited to be on the spot where the 2011 Super Bowl would be played . When we finished getting our shots , Canales and his group made their way to a front-row handicap-accessible section . As they settled back to watch the game , my cameraman and I got ready to shoot the start of it . Face paint and homemade signs were everywhere . There were massive marching bands and hundreds of cheerleaders and majorettes . Each team had several coaches and a full complement of trainers and support staff . It was all of the "  Friday Night Lights " spectacle I 'd imagined and more . I paused for a moment to take it all in . After all , standing on a professional football field in front of thousands of fans is n't something very many people get a chance to do . Canales and the Gridiron Heroes were thoroughly enjoying the game . Eddie fell into conversations with coaches and trainers who recognized him and wanted to talk about his work , while Chris and the other Gridiron Heroes watched and analyzed each play . Though they were now on the sidelines , it was clear that their life-changing injuries had n't dimmed their love of the game . In the middle of the third quarter , the announcer gave a shout-out to the group , and fans around the stadium applauded . Canales and the gang cheered to see themselves on the big screen TV . It was the first time they had received recognition at such a large event . Eddie was excited about the gesture of support from the "  governing bodies " of Texas high school football . The game ended , and we headed onto the field , which was swarmed with players , coaches , fans and the media . Eddie helped Chris maneuver his wheelchair over the turf . Coaches and staff from both sides shook their hands and posed for photos with them . The respect that the players and coaches had for Eddie and Chris was clear . Growing up in Colorado , I 'd been an avid Denver Broncos fan , but living in New York and busy with work , I had n't followed football much in the past decade . Being at that game that day made me remember why I liked football , although watching it alongside Canales and his Gridiron Heroes was a powerful reminder of the game 's risks . This was one experience I 'll certainly remember for a long time . Read the full story on CNN Hero Eddie Canales : Young football players injured , but not forgotten	Eddie Canales ' son was paralyzed playing high school football in 2001 Today , his nonprofit helps other teenagers who are also dealing with spinal cord injuries CNN producer finds that despite their injuries , these athletes still love the game Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- This November , the Obama administration is expected to move forward with long overdue safeguards that would finally protect our families from mercury pollution . As the mother of four children , I can only say it 's about time . The EPA was first charged with limiting toxic air pollutants such as mercury during the Bush administration -- the first Bush administration . I do n't know how many children have been exposed to dangerous levels of this neurotoxin during the subsequent 20-plus years of foot-dragging , but I do know that my eldest daughter was one of them . When Sophie was 4 years old , we discovered that her mercury levels were elevated . We were already concerned because her learning had leveled off and in some notable ways even backslid . But it was only by chance that we realized she was being poisoned . Because we lived in an old house with lead paint , we had been following our pediatrician 's advice to have our children tested regularly for lead and other heavy metals . Only because of this were we lucky enough to learn about our daughter 's elevated mercury levels before it was too late . How does a healthy , well-nourished child get mercury poisoning in her own home ? By far the most common exposure to mercury comes from eating contaminated fish . Sophie adored tuna fish sandwiches and ate one or two a week . That was a small amount but enough to cause her harm . When , on a doctor 's advice , we took fish out of her diet , her mercury levels declined . We 're thankful that our daughter suffered no permanent damage , but thousands of other parents are not so fortunate . Exposure to mercury in utero can contribute to birth defects , including neurological and developmental disorders , learning disabilities , delayed onset of walking and talking , and cerebral palsy . The EPA estimates that as many as one in 12 American women of child-bearing age have enough mercury in their bodies to put a baby at risk . That means that every year more than 300,000 babies could be born at risk of serious disabilities caused by mercury poisoning . Mercury is one of the most potent of the many toxic heavy metals that come from the emissions of coal-fired power plants . If just one-seventieth of a teaspoon enters a lake every year , it is enough to raise mercury levels in the fish . And yet the EPA reported in 2005 that coal-fired power plants , the largest domestic source of unregulated mercury emissions in the United States , pumped 48 tons of this toxin into the atmosphere each year . The technology to filter mercury and other toxic heavy metals from power-plant smokestacks is widely available and , in fact , some plants already have it in place . Under the EPA 's proposed new protections , all plants would have to upgrade , and mercury emissions would be reduced by more than 90 %  along with cancer-causing metals such as arsenic , chromium and nickel  . It would prevent hundreds of thousands of illnesses and up to 17,000 premature deaths each year . Why has it taken more than 20 years to do something ? Because corporate polluters do n't want to pay up to clean up , even though thousands of Americans pay dearly every year as a consequence . Worse , their economic arguments are baseless . By cleaning up the coal plants , the new EPA protections will actually result in a net gain for the U.S. economy . Heart disease , learning disabilities and premature deaths are expensive , too . No parent should have to discover , as I did , that she is feeding her child poison in the sandwiches she packs in her lunchbox . After more than two decades , it 's time to stop dumping poison into the atmosphere and pretending there are no consequences . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ayelet Waldman .	Ayelet Waldman : EPA was supposed to limit toxic pollutants like mercury 20 years ago Waldman 's daughter had high levels of mercury , a neurotoxin , in her blood Waldman : Mercury contributes to birth defects , nerve disorders , learning disablilites It 's time to seriously limit mercury emissions that poison environment , she writes
CNN  -- College basketball has a new record holder for most points in a game . Last week , Jack Taylor , a 5-foot , 10-inch guard at Iowa 's Grinnell College , scored 138 points to lead Grinnell to a 179-104 blowout win over Faith Baptist Bible College , a nearby Iowa college . In setting his scoring record , Taylor made 52 of 108 shots from the field , including 27 of 71 three-point attempts and shot 7 for 10 from the foul line . Taylor 's coach and teammates were happy to see him go all out . In the 36 minutes he played , Taylor did not have a single assist . Virtually every time he got the ball , he shot it . Taylor is not the first basketball player to go on such an outsized scoring spree . On February 2 , 1954 , Bevo Francis , playing for tiny Rio Grande College in Ohio , scored 113 points against Hillsdale College of Michigan . Francis made 38 of 70 shots and hit on 37 free throws in a game that ended with a 134-91 Rio Grande victory . Eleven days after Francis set his record , Frank Selvy of Furman College in South Carolina poured in 100 points in a 149-95 victory over Newberry College . No Division 1 player has ever done as well against a four-year college . Selvy , who finished his senior year with a 41.7 scoring average , had a spectacular shooting night , hitting 41 of 66 field goal attempts and 18 of 22 free throws . In the National Basketball Association , the scoring record belongs to the Philadelphia Warriors ' Wilt Chamberlain . Fifty years ago , Chamberlain put up 100 points in a March 2 , 1962 , game against the New York Knicks , who were missing their starting center . Chamberlain , who at 7-foot-1 towered over his opponents , was never much of an outside shooter , but his "  Dipper Dunk " was all he needed . He was unstoppable anywhere near the basket . Taylor 's scoring feat is , nonetheless , different from that of the others . They were playing in games in which their opponent was outclassed but still in their league . That was not the case in the Grinnell game . Grinnell is , to be sure , a small college , but Grinnell is far from any small college . Like a series of elite Midwestern schools -- Kenyon , Oberlin , Carleton , Macalester -- Grinnell has an enormous endowment , a superb faculty and a national reputation . Faith Baptist Bible College 's situation is very different . In contrast to Grinnell , which lists its undergraduate enrollment at 1,693 , Faith Baptist Bible has just 302 undergraduates , and when it comes to endowment and facilities , the gap between the two colleges is even greater . Grinnell has an endowment of more than $ 1.5 billion and charges $ 41,004 in tuition and fees . All that Faith Baptist Bible College charges $ 14,478 in tuition and fees , and its endowment is listed in the U.S. News Best College report as N/A  not available  . Jack Taylor 's scoring binge came against a college that does n't come close to having his college 's resources . What the basketball players at Faith Baptist Bible College must be feeling about losing by 75 points does n't seem to have entered anyone 's head at Grinnell or in the media , which could n't get enough of Taylor in the days following his scoring feat . Reporters barely mentioned the 70 points that Faith sophomore David Larson totaled in a losing cause . I grew up in the Middle West playing basketball at a prep school that often competed against tiny rural high schools to get ready for our games in an interstate league . When it came to running up the score , there was a code our coaches enforced . With a big lead , we slowed the game down . We stopped taking long shots that would get our supporters cheering , and with the game in hand , we brought in the second team , and after them , anyone still on the bench . When we left the gym , we wanted the other team to feel good about having played us . We did n't want their players hanging their heads in embarrassment , especially if we had a game scheduled with them for the following year . We knew these unspoken rules by 16 . How could college players not know as much as we did as teenagers ? Maybe it 's the times . But I wish that the Grinnell players had had my old coach , who doubled as my math teacher . Coach would have made their ears burn for showing up an opponent as they did . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	A Grinnell College player broke the record for most points in a game , with 138 Nicolaus Mills : The achievement came against a college team with far fewer resources Other players have had outsized scoring performances , he says , but those were different Mills : Players should have known better than to embarrass their opponents in this way
CNN  -- Sure , autumn brings to mind brilliant foliage , sweater weather and the return of pumpkin-spiced lattes . But for millions of Americans , fall also equals football -- and baseball , soccer and the start of the hockey season that will get them through to spring . You 'll find these fans at the bar , screaming at a flat-screen as their sports hero makes a game-changing play . Where you watch is just as important as what you watch , and the sports-crazed have their favorite bar stools , as worn in and beloved as their game-day jerseys . We scouted out terrific sports bars across the U.S. , from a March Madness favorite in D.C. to a Vegas hangout with 43 TVs streaming sports from nearly every country , 24 hours a day . Some sports bars have become legends in their own right . Consider Nick 's English Hut in Bloomington , Indiana , where alums have been cheering on the Hoosier hysteria since the 1920s . Or Cask 'n Flagon , opposite Boston 's Fenway Park , where the walls showcase archival photos of Red Sox greats -- and current players have been known to celebrate . Travel + Leisure : America 's Best Beer Bars In Dallas , there 's a fairly new game in town : Truck Yard , a sprawling outdoor space where you sample craft beers and treats from local food trucks during the annual Paper Football Tournament . Games get more serious -- and jam-packed -- when ESPN comes to broadcast , and the owners put projectors against the trees . If you prefer a more refined sports-watching experience , try Society Sports and Spirits in Denver , Colorado , where you 'll find chefs in the kitchen and whiskey on tap . Travel + Leisure : Best Whiskey Bars in America Sports are a big source of pride , and every season ushers in new reasons to wave the proverbial flag . So , show up early to claim your seat among the regulars at these lively sports bars . Travel + Leisure : America 's Favorite Cities Truck Yard : Dallas , Texas Truck Yard bills itself as an adult playground , complete with tire swings , booths within pickup truck beds , a tree-house bar and a vintage Airstream . The prime seats are outside on game days , when the owners install projector screens . Rotating food trucks supply authentic cheesesteaks , artisanal ice creams and everything else you might need to keep your energy up for hours . Last year , ESPN broadcast from Truck Yard during football games . This year , ready yourself for the fourth annual Paper Football Tournament . While not a legitimate sport yet , it should be . Pooley 's : Madison , Wisconsin You watch sports at Pooley 's , of course , but you can also play them . "  I have 80 teams in leagues Monday through Thursday nights and a private league on Fridays , " says Geoffrey Poole of the bar 's two volleyball/basketball courts , which are otherwise available for drop-in patrons . A local fixture since 1993 , Pooley 's is not only Madison 's largest sports bar but also a museum with more than 1,600 signed photos , 400-plus football helmets  including three from Heisman Trophy winners  and more than 75 jerseys . The biggest crowds turn up for the Badgers NCAA basketball games , when the bar runs a shuttle to and from the stadium for $ 10 . Cask 'n Flagon : Boston , Massachusetts This bar directly across from Fenway is almost as big a part of Red Sox lore as the legendary Green Monster . Rare photos line the walls , with one featuring a portly Babe Ruth before retirement and another Mickey Mantle , mid-swing . During the playoffs , fans wait three hours to get inside , and for Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield 's birthday , the entire team snuck in and executed a massive surprise party for him at the bar . Goal Sports Cafe : Los Angeles , California Ask serious Los Angeles chefs where they go for sports , from World Cup soccer to UCLA games , and the reply is typically Goal . After all , executive chef Jonah Johnson elevates bar food with dishes like his pineapple and brown sugar ham , shaved thin , hit with mustard and coleslaw , and served on a pretzel bun . Thirteen televisions , six sports packages , and 80 out-of-market games shown every week are gravy . Nellie 's Sports Bar : Washington , D.C. "  I 'd say we put equal emphasis on being a gay bar and a sports bar , " observes owner Douglas Schantz , who named it for his great-grandmother . You 'll find a large portrait of Nellie in a fur hat amid a mishmash of antique tennis rackets , old oars and vintage advertisements . Twenty-four televisions and a giant projection screen belong firmly to this millennium , as does the super-fun weekend Drag Brunch , which often books up a month in advance . As for game days , "  football is our number one sport here , followed by March Madness , " says Schantz . "  A lot of fans love our rooftop after-parties . " Tag Sports Bar : Las Vegas , Nevada In Vegas , even sports bars are over the top . Tag counts a whopping 43 TVs streaming sports from nearly every country , 24 hours a day . Every staff member is Beer Service Certified and ready to discuss the 300-label brew list -- or mix you a signature Hop ` tail , with fresh fruit , juice and beer . Brewers host weekly tastings during the games . If you 're team is n't up , you can always entertain yourself gambling on the touchscreen , tabletop screens or throw down a hand at the hologram blackjack table . Spirit of 77 : Portland , Oregon In 1977 , the Philadelphia 76ers had home-court advantage and a 2-0 lead against the Portland Trail Blazers for the NBA World Championship . Portland somehow managed to pull it out -- and that glorious win lives on at this cocktail bar , where the bartenders and patrons share a passion for sports . "  It 's always a big discussion as to what goes on our big screen , " admits general manager Brandon Bowden , who says people email all day requesting games  the staff ultimately decides  . "  There 's always a side bet going on behind the bar , " he continues . "  We even have our own staff fantasy leagues . " Toast a win or drown your sorrows in craft cocktails like the Black Russian , with Stumptown cold-brewed coffee and a ginger beer made in-house . Two Keys : Lexington , Kentucky You would n't want to live above this bar , but partying here should be on your bucket list . Two Keys stays open till 2:30 a.m. , 365 days a year , serving upward of 800 people at full tilt . "  It becomes a crazy street party off our patio after basketball games , because our whole crowd rushes outside when the Wildcats win , " says general manager Courtney McGuffin . On Tuesdays , regulars turn up for more unusual competition : goldfish racing , with a 64 single-elimination bracket . "  Everyone competing gets a goldfish from our giant aquarium to race down these tiny water tracks , " explains McGuffin . "  The winner goes home with concert tickets or some similar prize . " Banter Bar : Brooklyn , New York Kick off your day with a bacon , egg and cheese pie here at Banter Bar , which has 24 beers on tap and a serious soccer obsession . "  We open at 7:30 a.m. Saturdays and 7 a.m. Sundays , if the English Premier League is on , " says co-owner Conor Carolan . "  We get packed regardless of the hour for the bigger games . " Whether it 's the lively international crowd , the flawlessly placed flat-screens , the 22-ounce perfect pour on the Guinness or just the fact that they give you an excuse to go to a bar really early , there 's tons to love about Banter . "  For the World Cup we did a Banter Beer Passport featuring beers from the 32 countries -- well , nearly . We found beers from 28 and got creative with the rest . " Blackthorn : San Francisco , California Large windows . Spacious booths . TVs practically in your lap . These are a few of the reasons that fans have been returning to Blackthorn , near Golden Gate Park , for more than two decades . "  We are a hardcore Giants , Niners , Warrior and Sharks bar , " asserts manager Thomas Mulhern . "  We 're also , oddly enough , a Tennessee Volunteers bar during football season . " Turn up early , or it can be hard to get inside , especially on Blackthorn 's biggest sports days : the Super Bowl and the World Series , when the surrounding streets are shut down . See Travel + Leisure 's full list of America 's best sports bars . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Show up early to claim your seat among the regulars at these lively sports bars Travel + Leisure scouted out bars across the U.S. , including a Vegas hangout with 43 TVs If you need a break from the bar scene , there are more refined options included too
CNN  A previously unknown group calling itself the Islamic State Hacking Division posted the names , photos and addresses of about 100 U.S. troops online , calling for attacks against them . Whoever created the file , posted online Saturday before being removed , claimed to have hacked military databases and said it was leaking 100 names "  so that our brothers residing in America can deal with you . " The possibility of lone-wolf attacks in the United States , the type that this message calls for , is a threat officials take seriously . Attorney General Eric Holder said last month that the threat of a lone-wolf attack inside the United States is one thing that keeps him awake at night . But there was nothing to immediately validate the claims made by this unknown group . A Defense Department official told CNN that it can not confirm the validity of the online posting , but is looking into the claim . The FBI is also looking into it , a law enforcement official told CNN , adding there are questions about the credibility of those behind it . The Naval Criminal Investigative Service notified the Marines named in the file about this "  presently unverified threat , " a Marine Corps spokesman said . The Navy reminded service members to make sure to limit the amount of personal information available online about themselves . The Army said in a statement Sunday that it was working with the Defense Department to "  determine the validity of any potential threats , " and it echoed the Navy in advising soldiers "  to take prudent measures to limit the sharing of personal information online . " A U.S. law enforcement official said that all 100 or so troops named in the file are being contacted . It is believed that ISIS members and sympathizers have been scouring social media sites trying to glean as much information as possible about service members , and have even threatened the spouses of military personnel online . The file appeared to include information that is already available publicly , through social media accounts , online phone directories and other accessible public records . In late November , the FBI issued a warning to U.S. military members that ISIS was calling for attacks against them , a law enforcement source told CNN . The source said that "  overseas based individuals are looking for like-minded individuals in the U.S. to carry out these attacks . " The warning asked members of the military to "  review their online social media presence for any information that might attract the attention of violent extremists . " The bulletin also said authorities were concerned that ISIS members were "  spotting and assessing " individuals in the United States who may be interested in carrying out attacks inside the country against members of the military , a U.S. counterterror official told CNN . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Pamela Brown , Kevin Bohn and Mary Kay Mallonee contributed to this report .	An previously unknown group publishes a threat against U.S. troops A threat has not been confirmed , and the credibility of the group is unknown
CNN  -- A death row inmate who says he did not commit the murders he was convicted of asked the Arkansas Supreme Court on Thursday to grant him a new trial . Damien Echols maintains his innocence 16 years after he and two other teens were convicted of murdering three Cub Scouts -- Michael Moore , Christopher Byers and Steven Branch . The court , which heard his request for a new trial Thursday morning , is likely to rule in two or three weeks , court representative Stephanie Harris said . Echols spoke to CNN from death row recently about the new evidence that he says will prove his innocence . "  I miss the things that most people take for granted , things people do n't want , like rain , " Echols told CNN in a face-to-face interview . "  To go out and touch it and get wet , or to feel snow . I loved snow my entire life , and I have n't had that in almost 20 years now . " On May 6 , 1993 , police in the rural community of West Memphis , Arkansas , found the bodies of the young boys , bruised and mutilated , their arms and legs hogtied with their own shoelaces . Echols , along with 16-year-old Jason Baldwin and 17-year-old Jessie Misskelley , were found guilty a year later . Echols received a death sentence , while Baldwin and Misskelley were sentenced to life in prison . The three teens became known as the West Memphis 3 . His lawyers want to present DNA evidence not available at the time of the trial , as well as testimony that supports arguments that Echols and the two others did not commit the crime . Meanwhile , no execution date is set for Echols . "  We are asking the Arkansas Supreme Court to right a terrible wrong , overturn their convictions and grant Damien as well as Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley a new trial , " said Dennis Riordan , the lead attorney on the case . The West Memphis 3 have gained advocates , including unexpected support from some of the parents of the victims . Last year , Pamela Hobbs , mother of victim Steven Branch , told CNN that she was once convinced of their guilt . Then she began to consider the DNA evidence . She now says she believes the prosecution 's case was flawed . Capi Peck formed Arkansas Take Action , a Little Rock-based group trying to raise awareness about the West Memphis 3 . In the past few weeks , the group has brought in celebrities such as Eddie Vedder of the rock group Pearl Jam and actor Johnny Depp to a public rally . Echols says police questioned him a day after the bodies of the second-graders were found in the woods , near where they used to hunt turtles . A month later , the teens were arrested . Prosecutors successfully argued the defendants were involved in a satanic cult . They said that punctures and cuts on the boys ' bodies indicated a ritual sacrifice . In addition , prosecutors secured a confession from Misskelley , although his defense attorneys argued that he had a learning disability and an IQ of 70 . They also claimed that it was not only riddled with inconsistencies but was coerced . Neither his parents nor his attorney was present when he was questioned . His confession came during the last hour of a 12-hour police interrogation . His attorneys tried to convince the Arkansas Supreme Court that new evidence not available during the trial exonerates Echols . DNA testing indicated that a hair found on the shoelace used to tie up one of the victims is consistent with a hair from Terry Hobbs , the stepfather of victim Steven Branch , Echols ' lawyers said . Police have never considered Hobbs a suspect and Hobbs maintains that he had nothing to do with the murders . Asked whether he killed the boys , Echols responded , "  To constantly have to answer that question and to constantly have people asking you that question is like being kicked in the stomach over and over again . " CNN 's Deborah Feyerick and Stephanie Chen contributed to this report .	NEW : The Arkansas Supreme Court is likely to decide in two or three weeks Damien Echols is appealing his conviction for the murders of three Cub Scouts in Arkansas He spoke to CNN from death row about new evidence that supports his claim of innocence Echols ' appeal rests heavily on DNA tests that do n't link him to the crime scene
CNN  -- Among the entertainers who have donated their energies to the USO in recent years are Stephen Colbert , Jon Stewart , Scarlett Johansson , Kid Rock , Queensryche , Toby Keith , Lewis Black and Robin Williams . Stephen Colbert 's trip to Iraq , facilitated by the USO , was six months in the planning . But when the USO conducts a public opinion survey asking people who they think of when the military service organization is mentioned , one name always comes up . "  The first thing out of their mouths is ` Bob Hope , ' " said Mark Phillips , the USO 's vice president for communications , with an audible shrug . "  And if they 're not part of the military , the list stops there . " As the country celebrates Independence Day and pays tribute to the men and women who serve in its armed forces , the USO is trying to change that mindset . The organization , which was founded in 1941 to bring comfort and entertainment to America 's men and women in uniform , has been focusing its support on American troops stationed around the world , particularly those in the military theaters of Iraq and Afghanistan , said Phillips . As part of that initiative , it 's paying a great deal of attention to the troops ' desires , whether they be for high technology -- the USO recently brought video game/HDTV entertainment centers and satellite-based telephone systems to some areas -- or a diversity of entertainers , including rappers and NFL players . The Colbert trip was a meeting of the minds between the Comedy Central star and the military , said Rachel Tischler , the USO 's vice president for entertainment operations . The "  Colbert Report " host , who has attested to his interest in Iraq in such venues as Newsweek magazine  he was a guest editor last month  , expressed interest in going , a request that made its way up the chain of command to Gen. David Petraeus , the former leader of coalition forces in Iraq . Petraeus liked the idea , said Tischler , and the principals were put in touch with the USO . Colbert 's excursion , which the comedian called "  Operation Iraqi Stephen , " was unusual for the USO , she added . "  We try to keep our footprint small , " she said , noting that the organization is reliant on the military to feed and house its guests . In "  Colbert 's " case , the footprint was considerably larger : Colbert 's staff and several USO employees -- not to mention 150 volunteers . The trip required six months of planning . But the broadcasts went well , with Colbert paying tribute to the military and the USO 's volunteers  as well as his own staff  on the "  Report . " He also put in a plug for USO donations : "  The USO does more than bring my show to Baghdad , " Colbert said on the show . "  They also deliver much-needed care packages to the troops . "  Whereupon , in a care-package primer , Colbert and Tom Hanks filled a box with shaving gel , Tang and a demolished ice sculpture . The group remains greatly dependent on the kindness of strangers , said Phillips . "  We 're primarily a volunteer organization , " he said , noting the USO has fewer than 400 paid employees and 25,000 volunteers . Though the USO does receive a small congressional appropriation -- $ 20 million in 2008 -- much of its funding comes from individuals , corporations and in the form of in-kind services . Jamie Masada , the owner of Los Angeles ' Laugh Factory comedy club , said the organization is close to his heart . He followed a tour of Laugh Factory comedians with an invitation to service members to visit his club . "  What we try to do is give the soldiers -- the people that are out there putting their lives on the line for our country ... we try to say , one day if you come to Los Angeles , if you want to be a comedian , our door is open to you . We want you to send us some material , some jokes , " he said . At a recent USO fundraiser , five service members were given the opportunity to compete for the title of "  funniest service member . " The group was given advice from several notable comedians , including Tom Dreesen and Paul Rodriguez , and the winner received cash , gift certificates and a performance at the club , complete with name on the marquee . A number of performers return again and again . Toby Keith has gone on at least seven USO tours ; "  He insists on going to the smallest , most remote places , " said Phillips . Actor Gary Sinise and his Lt. Dan Band are also frequent participants . "  There are n't enough words to describe just how grateful I am to our nation 's troops , " said Keith in a press release before this year 's tour . "  I 've participated in several USO tours over the years and I 've seen firsthand their sacrifice . And I will not stop doing all I can to show my support and lift their spirits . " Many entertainers shy away from publicity , particularly on the home front . "  We have celebrities come to Bethesda Naval Hospital , Walter Reed ... and they almost always insist we do n't talk about -LSB- the visits -RSB- , " said Tischler . At its core , Phillips said , the USO remains dedicated to the needs of U.S. service members . "  Service members in Iraq and Afghanistan are frequently at small , remote bases , " said Phillips . "  There 's little in the way of creature comforts . Those are the things we try to deliver . "	USO often brings thoughts of Bob Hope , but organization well beyond that Group offers technology , entertainment to troops overseas USO played key role in arranging "  Colbert Report " from Iraq
CNN  -- Gambia has severed all economic and diplomatic relations with Iran and set a 48-hour deadline for Iranian government officials to leave the West African country , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported Tuesday . Gambia gave no reason for the decision to sever ties with the Islamic Republic , according to Press TV . The news comes after the seizure of a shipment of arms from Iran in Nigeria that may be linked to Gambia . The 13 containers seized in Lagos held illegal weapons , including rockets , according to Nigeria 's security service . Earlier this month , Nigerian Foreign Minister Odein Ajumogobia said the original bill of lading was destined for Nigeria , but another bill of lading destined for Gambia later surfaced . Ajumogobia has said the seizure has been reported to the United Nations Security Council .	Iranian state-run media : Gambia gives no reason for the decision Gambia reportedly sets a 48-hour deadline for Iranian officials to leave
Washington  CNN  -- Four decades since Roe v. Wade , and little , it seems , has changed . The January 22 , 1973 , Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion remains the law of the land , passions remain high on both sides of the issue , and protests are held each year on its anniversary . Access to abortion , then and now , is about more than simple legalities . Social , religious and family values , as well as finances and politics , still play a role in shaping the abortion issue , but many legal and medical experts say the debate has become entrenched . "  Much of the controversy about abortion is really stimulated by the interest groups on both sides of the political question , rather than by ordinary Americans , " said David Garrow , a law professor at the University of Pittsburgh , and a longtime Supreme Court scholar . "  The American people and many political leaders have already made up their minds about legal abortion . " Public opinion on abortion has remained stable over the years . A CNN/Opinion Research survey last August found 44 % said abortion should be legal in all or most circumstances , while 52 % said only under few or no circumstances . And 88 % said the procedure should be allowed when the woman 's life is in danger ; 83-percent said so in cases of rape or incest . The margin of error was plus-or-minus 3 points . The Roe decision did not prompt "  abortion on demand , " as many opponents of the procedure had predicted it would . Nor have various legislatures or court rulings restricted access as much as some supporters claim . Research from the Alan Guttmacher Institute finds the number of abortions at its lowest level since Roe , remaining steady at about 1.2 million reported procedures in the year 2011 , down 25-percent since the all-time high in 1990 . Bans on abortion in the United States began early in the 19th century . Connecticut in 1812 became first state to outlaw them , specifically after "  quickening , " the time in the pregnancy when the woman starts to feel fetal movements . The laws were designed primarily to protect women from dangerous "  back alley " abortions . These laws were also ambiguous , given the Victorian moral code that stifled debate on so personal a subject as unwanted pregnancies . Since then , movements have come and gone to relax the restrictions or to give women more choice , but such efforts mostly went nowhere . It was not until the 1960s that an organized movement was launched to ease the laws regulating abortions . Medical technology had advanced to the point where they could be done safely by trained medical staff in clean , professional environments . By the early 1970s , a number of states had changed their laws , though most did so in very limited ways . Survey : Few religious groups want decision overturned despite abortion views The legal fights culminated with Roe v. Wade , the court 's 7-2 decision giving women a qualified constitutional right to abortion during most of the pregnancy . The court , in fact , heard two cases around the same time : Roe  aka Norma McCorvey , who has since become an abortion opponent  , which challenged a Texas law banning abortions except to save the woman 's life ; and Doe v. Bolton , involving a Georgia law requiring that abortions be performed only in accredited hospitals and only after a review by a hospital staff committee and an exam by two doctors other than the woman 's physician . The Roe and Doe rulings affected laws in 46 states . For the justices , Roe reflected earlier cases involving the right to privacy . That "  right , " wrote Justice Harry Blackmun in the main opinion for the court , is "  broad enough to encompass a woman 's decision whether or not to terminate her pregnancy . " "  Prior to Roe , " said Garrow , "  whether one could obtain a legal abortion in the face of an unwanted pregnancy was a crapshoot . For 40 years now , it 's been a constitutionally guaranteed right . " He is the 1994 author of "  Liberty and Sexuality : The Right to Privacy and the Making of Roe v. Wade . " But the ruling was a qualified one , and that fact has been used by abortion opponents in their efforts to narrow the scope of other abortion provisions . Blackmun noted that the state 's "  important interests in safeguarding health , maintaining medical standards , and protecting potential life " are compelling enough to justify regulation "  at some point in pregnancy . " That "  qualified right " found its form in the controversial "  trimester analysis " laid out by the justices in Roe : permitting no government regulation during the first three months of a pregnancy ; allowing limited regulation in the second trimester to protect the woman 's health and safety ; and granting government the power to ban abortions during the third trimester -- a time when , medical consensus has concluded , the fetus is capable of living on its own . That reasoning has outraged abortion opponents and puzzled many legal scholars . "  The better argument for the result reached in Roe v. Wade , " said Edward Lazarus -- a former law clerk for Blackmun and an author of "  Closed Chambers : The Rise , Fall , and Future of the Modern Supreme Court " -- "  is that it 's necessary for the equality of women , rather than grounding it in the privacy right . " After Roe , the high court affirmed the right to abortion in subsequent cases : striking down provisions requiring a husband 's consent for a first-trimester abortion ; requiring parental consent for an unmarried woman under 18 ; striking down efforts to expand on laws requiring women to give informed consent before having an abortion ; striking down a 24-hour waiting period ; and striking down a law requiring doctors to inform women of the risks and of assistance available if she were to carry the fetus to term . But there was one notable victory for abortion opponents : a ban on the use of taxpayer funds to finance abortions for poor women . The abortion issue has been revisited several times since Roe , most famously in Webster v. Reproductive Health Services  1989  and Planned Parenthood v. Casey  1992  . Opinion : If Ireland had Roe v. Wade Webster  a 5-4 decision  upheld major parts of a Missouri abortion law that prohibited the use of public facilities or the participation of public employees in abortions , and required doctors to test the viability of the fetus before an performing any abortion . Justices William Rehnquist , Byron White and Anthony Kennedy said they would allow restrictions on abortion , but only if the restrictions had a rational basis . More important , the three conservative justices said , a compelling government interest need not be required to justify restrictions on abortion . That was a blow for anti-abortion forces . Then came the Casey ruling , in which the justices outlined their views on Roe . The decision  also 5-4  reaffirmed the heart of Roe while giving states the power to regulate procedures so long as they did not impose an "  undue burden " on a woman 's right to abortion . The standard : Undue burden exists if "  the purpose and effect is to place substantial obstacles in the path of a woman seeking an abortion before the fetus attains viability . " The ruling left supporters on both sides of the issue dissatisfied , feeling it was ambiguous . Justice Sandra Day O'Connor joined neither opinion , saying there was nothing in it to justify reconsidering Roe . Nevertheless , Blackmun wrote , "  the right to reproductive choice " was in danger of being overturned . Another legacy of Roe : The head-counting of justices on the court , a what-if scenario that could lead to the overturning of Roe . The current 5-4 conservative majority might shift in either direction if two or more justices leave the bench in the next few years , as is widely expected . In the meantime , conservatives in Congress have promised to push for tougher restrictions on access to abortion , though many political experts say the goal is not necessarily aimed at overturning Roe . They found success five years ago when the justices , in a 5-4 ruling , upheld a federal ban on a controversial late-term procedure , rejecting concerns the law did n't take into account the physical safety of the woman . The procedure -- called "  partial birth abortion " by its critics -- is typically performed in the middle-to-late second trimester . The legal sticking point was that the law lacked a "  health exception " for women who might suffer serious medical complications , something the justices have said in the past is necessary when considering abortion restrictions . The swing vote , as in previous cases , came from Kennedy . In angry dissent , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , then the lone woman on the high court , called the majority 's conclusions "  alarming " and said they "  can not be understood as anything other than an effort to chip away a right declared again and again by this court , and with increasing comprehension of its centrality to women 's lives . " Ginsburg has long been a leading voice for gender equality . Ironically , some of the opposition to her 1993 nomination to the high court came from feminists , who did not like her criticism over the legal reasoning of Roe . She believed a more gradual liberalization to abortion would have kept the issue back in the states , avoiding the social and political upheaval that has been part of Roe 's legacy . The law on abortion was evolving at the time of Roe , Ginsburg recalled in 2005 . "  The Supreme Court stopped all that by deeming every law -- even the most liberal -- as unconstitutional . That seemed to me not the way courts generally work . " But Ginsburg , in her rulings , has upheld a woman 's reproductive choice . "  When government controls that decision for her , she 's being treated as less than a full adult human being responsible for her own choices , " she said during her confirmation . If there is one overriding legacy of the Roe decision , it may be that it opened and expanded the debate on the rights of women , sexuality , health care , and medical decisions . Issues like cloning , stem cells , and fetal research have become part of the national lexicon . As significant as it was , Roe v. Wade was only the beginning of the battle .	40 years later , Roe remains the law of the land Passions still run high on both sides of the landmark decision In 1812 , Connecticut outlawed abortions after "  quickening "
CNN  -- An election-year Democratic measure designed to ensure that women do n't face pay discrimination was blocked Tuesday by Republicans who complained that the bill was politically inspired and would reward trial lawyers at the expense of employers . The motion , which needed 60 votes to succeed , got only 52 , not one from a Republican . President Obama issued a statement criticizing Republicans for putting "  partisan politics ahead of American women and families . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , standing at a news conference with pay equity advocate Lilly Ledbetter , accused Republicans of "  wanting to stick their heads in the sand " about the longstanding issue of women being paid less than men . "  But it 's clear where Democrats stand , " Reid said . The bill , which Democrats said would close loopholes in the 1963 Equal Pay Act , would require employers to prove that differences in pay were related to job performance , not gender ; would prevent employers from forbidding employees from sharing salary information with each other ; and would allow women who believe they were discriminated against to sue for damages . Democrats acknowledged privately that they expected to make political gains with women by pressing to close the pay gap , which they said has women earning just 77 cents on the dollar compared with men . Republicans , fearful that Democrats were trying to portray them as insensitive to women , argued that they oppose pay discrimination but disagree with the Democrats ' bill , which was written without their input . Republicans remained largely silent about the issue in the days leading up to the vote , even as Democrats , led by the president , made an all-out push for the legislation . Only one Republican senator , Dean Heller of Nevada , who is in a tight re-election race against Democratic Rep. Shelley Berkley , spoke on the floor against the bill . In his brief speech , Heller proposed an alternative bill to combat the problem , but Democrats criticized it as insufficient . Off the floor , a few Republicans spoke about the bill , but only when asked by reporters . "  We think it is the wrong way of going about dealing with this issue , " said Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the minority leader , who described the measure as a reward for pro-Democratic trial lawyers . "  This is just politics . This should be called the trial lawyers bonanza bill , " complained Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming , the top Republican on the Senate labor committee . "  It has nothing to do with the women . They will get very little out of it . What it allows is huge class-action suits with very little defense by any employer . " Even the retiring moderate Republican senator from Maine , Olympia Snowe , whose support Democrats hoped to win , called the Democrats ' bill "  regrettable " and an "  overreach . " "  I think there are other ways  of  addressing these issues , and this legislation goes too far , " Snow said . The bill "  would put a tremendous burden on employers through lawsuits , class-action lawsuits . " Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , the chief sponsor of the pay equity bill , vowed to return to the bill until it passes . "  We will be back , " she said . "  Though we lost the vote today , we are not giving up for equal pay , for equal rights . "	Democrats say bill would ensure that women do n't face pay discrimination Republicans counter that it would reward trial lawyers at employers ' expense Sponsor vows to bring measure back until it passes
Mental Floss  -- Almost everyone knows that each state of the Union has its own flag . State flags , however , are just the most visible elements of an elaborate , esoteric system of legalized symbols that characterize and codify our united states . It 's time we were all exposed to the bizarre symbology of state identity-politics . Texas ' state flower , the bluebonnet , is celebrated in the Texas state song . To begin with , some of the most well-known state symbols allude to lesser-known meanings and histories . I grew up in Wisconsin and only recently learned that the Badger State title originally refers not to Bucky , nor to the savage beast itself , but to lead miners in the 1820s and 30s . These miners moved from prospect to prospect in southwestern Wisconsin , traveling light and often , with little money for luxury . When winter came and conditions worsened , those miners too far from home to migrate would dig themselves sheltering caves in the hills -- like badgers . These temporary dwellings could be abandoned if a prospect proved fruitless , without much regret ; and if the lead pickings were good , the lucky miner could fluff up his badger hole or upgrade to a more traditional Euro-American residence . For this practice Wisconsin miners were dubbed "  badgers " -- a jibe that was soon appropriated as a proud , statewide nickname . Bucky did n't come along until 1949 ; the furry , quadruped badger , notoriously vicious when cornered , was n't declared Wisconsin 's state animal until 1957 . Other miners migrated south for the winter to the far end of Illinois , much like the region 's sucker fish ; which earned them the nickname of Suckers , and their state of Illinois its unenviable nickname , The Sucker State . Mental Floss : How 22 colleges got their nicknames ` Rebel ' woodpecker The state bird of Alabama has another tale behind it . They honor a little woodpecker they call the yellowhammer , which is known outside of Alabama as the northern flicker , the common flicker , or simply The Flicker .  It eats a lot of ants , and is not to be confused with the yellowhammer bunting of Europe and New Zealand . State birds are chosen for reasons many and varied , some meaningful and others frivolous -- from the pretty songs they sing to their proximity to extinction -- and I believe this is the only bird singled out for its resemblance to Confederate uniforms . The story goes that a clean , trim , flashy bunch of new Confederate recruits one day passed by a weary , bedraggled , dusty pod of veterans , and their fresh uniforms , grey tinged with brilliant yellow , reminded some jokester vet of the woodpecker , so he let out a mocking call : "  Yallerhammer , yallerhammer , flicker , flicker ! " The jeer stuck , and the recruits were soon labeled the Yellowhammer Company . Later , as these things go , all Alabama troops were known as Yellowhammers , the whole state as the Yellowhammer State , and Confederate veterans developed a habit of wearing yellow feathers in their caps and lapels to dress up for post-war reunions . How entertaining and informative . But the real fun starts when these state symbols more shamelessly approach the ridiculous . Let us consider some of the finest specimens : Eat and drink to the honor of the state Most states have at least one form of official food . In Louisiana , the official doughnut is the beignet .  I 'm unaware of any other state doughnuts -- and I 'm disappointed .  New York 's official muffin is made with apples ; Minnesota 's with blueberries ; and none have yet found it fit to honor the vegan bran and raisin muffin , despite whatever strange wonders it works on the abdominal tubing . Vermont is the only state with an official flavor : maple , as in maple syrup -- but because they 've designated the "  flavor , " not the "  syrup , " we can assume the appointment includes everything from maple-glaze for ham to autumnal maple lattes . Shockingly , Oklahoma has recognized a complete  and daunting  meal : fried okra , squash , cornbread , barbeque pork , biscuits , sausage and gravy , grits , corn , chicken friend steak , black-eyed peas , strawberries , and pecan pies . Mental Floss : 6 food challenges for the super hungry As for state drinks , Nebraska has Kool-Aid , Indiana has water  hubris !  , and Alabama , the standout , has Conecuh Ridge Alabama Fine Whiskey -- a re-creation of some well-regarded illegal moonshine made in the backwoods by a man named Clyde May . Silly , sentimental , and insulting songs All states have songs , too , except New Jersey . Most states have more than one . There are state ballads , state marches , state waltzes , and so on . Connecticut has a state cantata  a narrative piece intermixed with solos and choruses  ; Louisiana has a state environmental song  "  The Gifts of the Earth "  ; Massachusetts a polka  "  Say Hello to Someone from Massachusetts "  ; a couple states have lullabies ; and Ohio has an official rock song , "  Hang On Sloopy . " Two state anthems , Maryland 's and Iowa 's , are set to the familiar tune of "  O Tannenbaum ! " , or "  O Christmas Tree ! " ; but no states have designated official Christmas songs . And despite Texas ' tough boy image  their official footwear is the cowboy boot  , it 's the only state with an official flower song -- in praise of its state flower , the bluebonnet . Many of the traditional states songs are brazenly effusive . Arizona 's begins , "  I love you , Arizona , " and continues , rather romantically , "  You 're the magic in me . " California 's is similar , without the magic : "  I love you , California , you 're the greatest state of all . " South Dakotans use the superlative when singing to "  The state we love the best . " Usually they 're just hilarious , but a few of these songs bear some heinously outdated lyrics . With a nod to the old Eternal Feminine , North Carolina praises its women as Queens of the Forest , "  So graceful , so constant , yet to gentlest breath trembling . " The real trouble comes , though , with old minstrel tunes that portray humble "  darkies " praising "  old Massa " in song and romanticizing their cotton-picking servitude . Kentucky changed the language for "  My Old Kentucky Home " in 1986 to glaze over such indiscretions . But Virginia still seems to have trouble acknowledging its error , and simply demoted its song , "  Carry Me Back To Old Virginny , " to the status of "  state song emeritus . " Virginia still seeks an adequate replacement , preferably one that does n't idealize slavery . Every state for itself Besides these strange variations on common themes , many states have even more idiosyncratic symbols . Since 1962 , the official sport of Maryland has been jousting , and more recently , the state 's official "  exercise " was declared to be walking . Not even mall-walking or speed-walking -- just "  walking . " Kentucky does n't have a "  sport , " but it does have an official tug-of-war : the Fordsville Tug-of-War Championship . Mississippi has a state toy , the teddy bear ; Massachusetts a state bean , the navy bean ; and Oklahoma proudly boasts the only state cartoon character , a gust of wind named Gusty that was used to report weather and news , between 1954 and 1989 . Mental Floss : State nickname quiz While many designations seem absurd , most aim to represent some definite aspect of a state 's intended "  character . " Legislators want icons that mean something , that give you a sense of the land and its people -- something like the bolo tie . Arizona named the bolo tie its official neckwear back in 1971 . And more recently , in 2007 , New Mexico added the same to its list of emblems . Apparently , it was an Arizona silversmith who invented the string-and-buckle necktie when he took off his hatband to avoid losing the precious buckle during a high-wind horse ride , and hung it around his neck . This discovery occurred as late as 1940 , but the bolo 's become such an icon that it 's hard to imagine a Wild West without it . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Wisconsin 's Badger State comes from miners who dug caves to survive winters Alabama 's state bird is a flashy-looking woodpecker State drinks : Nebraska -- Kool-Aid , Indiana -- water Mississippi state toy : the teddy bear ; Massachusetts state bean : navy bean
At best , the word networking conjures up images of standing awkwardly at a party , delicately balancing a drink in one hand while you exchange cards with someone you will probably never see again . At worst , it brings to mind a hustler who thrusts their card aggressively in your face with barely a hello uttered , all the while scanning over your shoulder for someone more important . Not surprisingly , the very idea is enough to strike terror into the hearts of most introverted workers , who do n't relish the idea of walking into a room full of strangers and striking up conversations . But cleverly done , networking can reap huge benefits for career success , says the UK 's renowned "  networking queen " and "  professor of schmooze " Julia Hobsbawm . Hobsbawm , who was recently appointed visiting professor in networking at Cass Business School , at City University , London , says in an increasingly global workforce , workers can not afford to ignore the competitive edge it can give . See also : To reach the top , do what others wo n't Previously perceived as a "  soft " skill , " Hobsbawm , who also runs networking business Editorial Intelligence , says effective networking will make the difference "  between a highly skilled worker and an average worker . " "  I think professional workers and their employers are going to come to appreciate and understand networking as more of a hard skill than a soft skill , " she says . "  We take for granted now that certain types of qualifications have to be achieved , and in this global marketplace , where a worker in Nairobi , or a worker in Bombay , or a worker in New York or London , is directly competing with workers they 've never met , what will give them the edge is the knowledge skills . " Below is an edited version of the full interview with Hobsbawm . CNN : Why do you emphasize networking more than leadership ? Julia Hobsbawm : I think the word leadership is overused and possibly overrated . What matters is that people feel productive and stimulated . The trouble with the emphasis on leadership is that it is aspirational but is not always achieved . The point about networking is everybody can be more productive , everybody can be stimulated and everybody can be more engaged . See also : Why we pick bad leaders So it 's not that I want to dismiss leadership , but what I am saying is that we are in a new era , in which we are all islands surrounded by oceans of information and oceans of possibilities and entire oceans of people we might need . The ability to navigate and chart through those oceans is the skills that we are providing . And that 's what I am interested in , part of it , is that I would like everybody to love what they do and how they do it . And lots of corporate individuals that we meet expressed a sense of isolation and alienation . CNN : Why do they experience that ? JH : They are isolated and the networking they do is largely confined to an old model of a pretty large-scale event , like walking into a room and standing up in the corner . We find the best networking style is in a relaxed environment , where you have a moment to actually look into somebody 's face and think , "  do I trust what I am seeing here ? " That 's one of the reasons that women are very good at networking , because we are more naturally blended into our personal and professional personas . That is the shift -- it is not that one does not need to have boundaries and limits , but it is actually OK and will be normal to be more personal than not , in a professional environment . Because we are persons and personalities . CNN : How has social media impacted on traditional networking -- has it made it more effective or the opposite ? JH : I think it assisted it in some ways but it has also shown up its own limitations . The word that matters , that people are frightened of and might even be surprised to see , I suppose , in a work or business context , is intimacy . You do get a kind of intimacy with social networking , even with email . People say things in email and tweets that they might be embarrassed about and regret . But deep connections and a sense of trust can only come from face-to-face . It can only come from repeated encounters . So , for example , we are holding a supper club in London where 15 of our club members gather around for what we call a mid-week dinner party . The whole point of the mid-week dinner party is that in a relaxed informal environment , no agenda , interesting ideas happen . It 's not just about saying , "  can you be useful ? " it is about "  are you saying something interesting to me that I am learning from ? " What we want now is a blended environment , in which all forms of communication join up more meaningfully . So the person who feels very confident on Facebook and Twitter feels equally confident discussing an idea or a book in real time , opposite somebody . CNN : What does this growing culture of networking mean for the future ? JH : It is arguably a new industry . I mean , there are not as many books written about networking and business theories as there are about leadership or communication or strategy . Networking has the elements of all three , but it is about human knowledge networks , rather than technological networks . So there is an emerging academic discipline as well .	Julia Hobsbawm is professor of networking at the UK 's Cass Business School She argues that networking distinguishes highly skilled workers from average ones . ` Deep connections ' require face-to-face meetings , she says Hobsbawm says networking is an emerging academic discipline
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton had to know she was going to have to talk about her wealth . The tightly orchestrated book tour for her new memoir has closely resembled a campaign -- with war rooms and surrogate coordination . So one would expect that Clinton was prepared to answer questions on any topic . But when the wealth question came , Clinton , the political heavy hitter , whiffed . Twice . The muffed answers have made trouble on their own for the potential presidential candidate by raising new questions about her ability to connect with average voters on economic issues . But they 've also had another consequence . Prior to her book tour , she 'd begun a pivot to the left . Many liberals had questioned her economic themes and coziness with Wall Street . In response , she stepped up her populist rhetoric . However , because of the blaring headlines on wealth , her outreach to party progressives has gone mostly unnoticed so far , possibly clouding her appeal to another important constituent . A day to forget Clinton 's first misstep came when she told ABC at the start of her book tour this month that she and her family "  came out of the White House not only dead broke but in debt , " adding later that her family had "  no money " at that time . She was n't wrong when she said the first family left the White House way behind financially . She said they were burdened by legal bills and still had to keep a roof -- actually two -- over their heads and send their daughter to college . But here 's a mighty big difference between Clinton and the average person . For starters , she and her husband were obviously well positioned to quickly capitalize on the post-presidential custom of cashing in . She left that part out . Hillary Clinton had a massive book advance in the works and , along with the former president , the prospect of making millions . This is what fueled cries of hypocrisy . After quickly trying to clean up the comments , though , Clinton swung and missed again on Sunday when questioned about her own financial standing and wealth inequality in an interview with The Guardian . Clinton compared herself to others and noted her situation is different , too . "  We pay ordinary income tax , unlike a lot of people who are truly well off , not to name names ; and we 've done it through dint of hard work , " she said . One reason Clinton 's two missteps on wealth are surprising is that questions about the issue are not new and should n't have come as a surprise . Liberal websites like Mother Jones began asking questions about her speaking fees -- upwards of $ 200,000 -- in early May . Republican groups like the Republican National Committee and America Rising , an outside anti-Clinton super PAC , had been probing the topic longer . The progressive connection . Sally Kohn , a progressive activist and Clinton critic , said she handled the wealth question poorly and "  certainly has enough money to hire a better speaking coach . " But she downplayed the mistake . "  Why people do have a problem with her is not because of her personal wealth , it is because of her coziness with Wall Street . That is the problem , " Kohn said . The monied elite is an anathema to liberals , who decry wealth inequality , the corrosive impact of too-big-to-fail businesses and , of course , the overwhelming power in America of the professional investor class vs. average people struggling to save . For much of Clinton 's time on the paid speaking circuit , the former secretary of state has focused on bipartisan issues and kept some distance with hot political issues . But less than a month before questions about her wealth and understanding of the middle class started to define her book tour , Clinton departed from more bipartisan topics and stepped up her populist rhetoric in a May speech at the New America Foundation . She bashed George W. Bush , embraced material from the liberal playbook , and highlighted populist themes in her speeches . Clinton charged up her rhetoric , too . She blasted tight-fisted millionaires , decried the current economy as a "  throwback to the Gilded Age , " and dusted off old standbys about Republican trickle-down economics . The change in tone has n't happened in a vacuum , and may have projected that Clinton and her aides expected criticism about her wealth , stature and ability to relate to everyday Americans . But because of the mistakes , her populist pivot has largely gone unnoticed . An exclusive club Instead , it 's Clinton 's two tone-deaf statements about her family 's wealth that have defined her book tour , so far . They have also begun to shine a light on Clinton 's work as a constant fundraiser . Between her campaign for president in 2008 and her time as the head of a global foundation , she spent a considerable amount of time courting the money of millionaires and billionaires . Her foundation -- The Clinton Foundation -- has also become a bastion for corporate donors . Stephen L. Bing , the founder of Shangri-La business group ; Tom Golisano , the founder of Paychex and Cheryl and Haim Saban , Democratic megadonors and the owners of Univision , have donated between $ 10 million and $ 25 million . Republicans have seized on it and are looking to portray Clinton as out-of-touch and someone who has spent too much time in the "  bubble " and in other rarefied surroundings . They point to her gaffes as well as a comment from earlier in the year when she told a group of auto dealers that she had n't driven a car since 1996 . And while pro-Clinton Democrats have defended her , others in the party have begun to knock her -- some more subtly than others . They also say she 's out of touch . Vice President Joe Biden , who may be running for president , appears to be getting in on the action . Biden said on Monday that he "  makes a lot of money " as vice president . But he made sure to mention he was "  listed as the poorest man in Congress " and said he has "  no savings account . " Key point : Biden stressed that he 's been "  really , really fortunate " compared to the way others have struggled . Bush is still Clinton 's bogeyman 6 times Clinton sounded , acted like a candidate	Hillary Clinton has now misstepped twice on questions about her wealth The wealth questions come at the same time that Clinton has stepped up her populist rhetoric Democrats to the left question Clinton 's economic ideas and coziness with Wall Street Republicans are trying to create a narrative the Clinton is out of touch with most Americans
CNN  -- Mo Martin produced the performance of her life to secure her first major title with victory at the Women 's British Open at Royal Birkdale Sunday . The 31-year-old secured top spot with a stunning eagle on the final hole to finish one shot clear of Norway 's Suzann Pettersen and China 's Shanshan Feng . Ranked 99th in the world , Martin , from California , was not expected to challenge at the top of the leaderboard . But a second shot at the 472-yard 18th landed just six feet away from the pin -- allowing Martin to putt for glory and secure a famous triumph . "  Is this real life ? " Martin asked in her post-match interview following her victory . "  It was a tough day of golf today . It was very windy and this course is very challenging . "  So I stayed patient and I fortunately played some really good golf today . "  From the first time I saw Royal Birkdale , I fell in love with it . I think the layout is absolutely phenomenal . " Inbee Park , who had led overnight , slumped to a disappointing fourth place finish . Meanwhile Justin Rose warmed up for this week 's British Open by winning the Scottish Open at Royal Aberdeen . The Briton 's final round six-under-par 65 gave him victory by two shots , which will move him up to world No. 3 . Sweden 's Kristoffer Broberg 's 14-under par secured him the runner-up spot and a place in the British Open at Hoylake , while Scotland 's Marc Warren was third .	Mo Martin wins the Women 's British Open at Royal Birkdale Triumph is Martin 's first major victory Suzann Pettersen of Norway and Feng Shanshan of China a shot further back Overnight leader Inbee Park finished fourth
The internet in Africa is entirely different to the internet used in the developed world . In America or Europe , the internet is generally something you surf on a computer or tablet -- a device with a 10-inch to 15-inch screen . In Africa , hundreds of millions of people will experience the internet for the first time on a 2-inch cellphone screen . Probably in black and white . And probably only as text . They may not even know they are using the internet . Google , for instance , offers search and Gmail via SMS , the text message service that is still the most popular form of communication . Text messaging is important because it works on any kind of phone , especially the older so-called feature phones that still dominate . While the rest of the developed world is rushing headlong into smartphone heaven -- with powerful touchscreen devices that are more mini computer than voice-calling phone -- Africa 's workhorses are the kind of phone seen in European cities circa 1998 . The reason is simple : With a dearth of infrastructure , the vast majority of people  an estimated 1.5-billion globally , according to the UN  have no electricity . More people in Africa have a mobile phone than access to electricity . That means , for a phone to be functional , it needs decent battery life . These feature phones have anywhere up to a week . Secondly , many have the two other must-have features : an FM radio and a torch . Radio remains the killer app in Africa , especially for mass communication . Read more : How cultural differences affect mobile use Historically Africa has been bereft of wired telecoms infrastructure . There was a statistic bandied about in the 1990s that Manhattan had more phone lines than the 55 countries in Africa . Impossible to verify , but it reveals the scale of the communications problem . Until mobile phones came along , that is . Cellphones have made it possible for anyone to have a phone -- to make calls , send SMSes and , using clever payment systems like Kenya 's M-Pesa , send mobile money to another phone user . Half of Kenya 's GDP now moves through mobile money , and M-Pesa reportedly handles $ 20-million a day in transactions . Mobile money is projected to become a $ 617-billion industry by 2016 , according to researchers Gartner , who predict mobile transactions will reach $ 171-billion this year . Already , 80 % of the world 's mobile money transactions are happening in East Africa , driven by Kenya , the epicentre of mobile innovation . Other services are also flourishing : ways for consumers to check whether medicine is authentic and has n't expired  mPedigree  ; for farmers to find out where they can get the best price for their produce  Farmerline  ; for people to do real-time live mapping of disasters or elections  Ushahidi  ; and for communities to communicate with each other  Mxit and FrontlineSMS  . Read more : 7 ways mobile has changed lives in Africa Africa , once labeled the "  hopeless continent " by The Economist a decade ago , is leading the way . The Economist renamed us the "  hopeful continent " last year , after it noted that six of the 10 fastest growing economies in the last decade were in Africa . Africa has about one billion people , but already has an estimated 700 million SIM cards  by Q1 2012  . It 's important to note these are SIM cards and not users . Many people , myself included , have at two or three SIM cards , and perhaps a 3G data dongle . Because cellphone operators charge interconnect fees to make a call to another network , many people simply have a SIM card for each network and swap them out of their phone when they want to make calls . Savvy to the various offers -- including ones for cheaper on-network calls in the evenings and weekends -- family members or students use different networks at different times of the day to stay in touch . Mobile phones , by their nature , are better suited to Africa 's historical inadequacies and current challenges . Smartphones , which are growing but not nearly at the same rate as in the developed world , are appearing ; and with them , an app market is slowly developing . Computers have always been too expensive for the majority of Africans , most of whom have never had a home phone line . A cellphone is cheaper to buy , cheaper to run and is always on you . In South Africa , for instance , Google says 25 % of its searches during the week are via mobile , rising to 65 % on the weekends . Simply put , Africa is not just a mobile-first continent . It is mobile-only . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion	The first time most Africans use the internet is on a mobile phone , says Toby Shapshak Shapshak : While many do n't have electricity , mobiles mean anyone can have a phone Mobile money is big business - half of Kenya 's GDP now moves via this method In South Africa , 25 per cent of Google searches are via mobile
CNN  -- Enrique Peña Nieto , the man election authorities project will be Mexico 's next president , was the governor of Mexico 's most populous state . His wife is a well-known television star . Since 1984 , the 45-year-old lawyer has been building his political career . He has been a state official , a local lawmaker and a political adviser to the Institutional Revolutionary Party Peña Nieto projected winner in Mexican presidential vote His five-year tenure as the governor of the state of Mexico , which surrounds the capital and has more than 15 million residents , catapulted him into the national spotlight . Some analysts said being governor from 2005 to 2011 also garnered him greater attention not only within the ranks of his party but within the national media . But not all the attention has been positive . At times , Peña Nieto 's personal life has been tabloid fodder . He has admitted fathering two kids out of wedlock while married to his first wife , Monica Pretelini Saenz , who died in 2007 after suffering a seizure . In 2010 , he married the prominent actress Angelica Rivera , best known for her role as the domineering tequila maker in the soap opera "  Destilando Amor , " Spanish for "  Distilling Love . " At a recent campaign event his convoy was pelted with rocks by students who feel Peña Nieto had been given a free pass by the media . Weeks before Sunday 's vote , criticisms of Peña Nieto and concerns about the PRI 's possible return to power fueled a student movement that staged demonstrations throughout the country . Peña Nieto 's campaign has been based on a series of pledges that he said will increase the quality of life for Mexicans nationwide . Future of U.S.-Mexico relationship His platform included plans to stop the rise in food prices , promote energy reform , give social security to all Mexicans and reduce violence nationwide . "  I propose changing fear for hope . I propose changing Mexico , " he said in a presidential debate this year . While his proposals for reducing violence have played well in Mexico , they sparked some concerned among Republican lawmakers on the other side of the border , who worry he may not be as committed to combating cartels as his predecessor . Peña Nieto 's campaign has said he remains committed to fighting organized crime . "  The law is applied ; it is never negotiated , " the campaign said in a statement this month . 8 things U.S. could learn from Mexico CNN 's Miguel Marquez , Mario Gonzalez and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Enrique Peña Nieto was governor of Mexico 's most populous state The job catapulted him into the national spotlight Critics say Peña Nieto is too cozy with Mexico 's media His proposed drug war strategy has drawn praise in Mexico , concern in the U.S.
CNN  -- "  Slingo , " a leader in online games for 17 years , is making its way to Facebook with a redesigned version of the popular bingo/slot-machine game . The game 's creators are partnering with Zynga , maker of such popular social games as "  Farmville , " "  Cityville " and "  Words With Friends , " to produce Zynga Slingo . Its gameplay is similar to the original "  Slingo , " with some updated social features to make it interactive on Facebook . "  Our partnership with Zynga will bring the ` Slingo ' brand to a whole new audience in a fresh , new way , " said Rich Roberts , CEO of Slingo . "  We are excited to partner with the world 's leading social game developer to deliver the social experience ` Slingo ' fans across the world have asked for . " "  Slingo " is played by more than 55 million people through online , mobile and casino games . The concept is rather simple -- players use a slot machine to produce numbers , which then are used on a bingo-style board for prizes . The Zynga Slingo version allows for playing with your Facebook friends in a variety of ways . Friends can gift others with power-ups or even act as a Joker during gameplay , allowing for a free movement . Leader boards also track in real time to see who is doing well and who could use a little help . " ` Slingo ' is one of the earliest and most cherished games of the Internet , " said Rich Sawel , product manager for Zynga Slingo . "  And we 're proud to bring it to our players and make it even more fun and social than ever before . " The new game comes on the heels of the release of Zynga 's 2011 financial report showing the company earned $ 1.14 billion but still ended up with a net loss of more than $ 400 million . The fourth-quarter report shows the company 's games were played by 54 million users daily , an increase from 48 million during the same time in 2010 . Zynga launched 12 new games in 2011 -- four titles on Web-based platforms and eight others on mobile platforms . The company also had the top five most-played games on Facebook . According to the report , Zynga 's net loss of $ 435 million in the fourth quarter included a $ 510 million stock-based compensation expense that was previously unrecognized until triggered by an initial public offering in mid-December . As of early Wednesday , Zynga stock was trading at $ 14.35 per share on Nasdaq .	"  Slingo " will have updated features to make the game interactive on Facebook "  Slingo " is played by more than 55 million people through online , mobile and casino games The game 's creators are partnering with Zynga , maker of such popular social games as "  Farmville "
EW.com  -- Thor : The Dark World debuted mightily atop the domestic box office this weekend , hammering up $ 86.1 million from 3,841 theaters , which gave Disney 's $ 170 million 3-D sequel a blazing $ 22,418 per theater average . Thanks to the Norse superhero 's increased exposure in last year 's mega-smash The Avengers , The Dark World debuted 31 percent higher than 2011â $ ² s Thor , which earned $ 65.7 million over its first three days in theaters . The film did n't enjoy as big of a boost as Iron Man 3 , which opened with $ 174.1 million , a 34 percent improvement over Iron Man 2 's debut â $ " and still the best debut of 2013 . Thor : The Dark World earned an "  A - " CinemaScore grade from audiences , which Disney reports were 62 percent male and 61 percent over the age of 25 . The film earned an unusually low $ 5.3 million of its gross from IMAX screens , though IMAX engagements were only announced on Monday , three days before the The Dark World 's release . Grosses on the international front are much more impressive : The film pulled in another $ 94 million in its second weekend , bringing its international total to $ 240.9 million after 12 days . The original Thor earned $ 268 million overseas , a figure The Dark World will have passed by this time next week . Disney successfully played up the dynamic between Thor  Chris Hemsworth  and Loki  Avengers breakout Tom Hiddleston  in marketing , and as a result , the movie gave the studio its best ever November opening ahead of The Incredibles , which grossed $ 70.5 million on opening weekend . It had the ninth-best November start overall behind three Twilight films , four Harry Potter films , and Skyfall , which grossed $ 88.4 million on this weekend last year . It 's too early to tell where The Dark World will finish domestically , though it should be able to reach $ 200 million if it plays like Thor , which ultimately earned $ 181 million . EW : Box office update - ` Thor : The Dark World ' tops Friday with $ 31.6 million According to studio estimates , the rest of the movies in the Top 5 all finished within $ 1.1 million of each other . Do n't be surprised if the rankings get swapped around when final studio figures arrive on Monday afternoon . Paramount 's $ 15 million prank film Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa laughed up $ 11.3 million this weekend . The film has now earned $ 78.7 million total and it will make close to $ 100 million before its run is over . After its lukewarm debut , Relativity 's Free Birds rose an encouraging 29 percent to $ 11.2 million , giving it a $ 30.2 million after ten days . While that bodes well for the film , Free Birds needs to fly much higher to make back its $ 55 million budget . Last Vegas fell 32 percent to $ 11.1 million for the frame . The CBS Films comedy , which stars Robert DeNiro , Michael Douglas , and Morgan Freeman , has now grossed $ 33.5 million against a slim $ 28 million budget . EW : ` Thor : The Dark World ' comedy exclusive - Loki argues with kids If only Ender 's Game had a slim budget . The $ 110 million sci-fi adventure continued to underperform this weekend . After topping the chart in its debut , the Asa Butterfield vehicle fell to fifth place , plummeting 62 percent to $ 10.3 million for a disappointing $ 44 million total . 1 . Thor : The Dark World -- $ 86.1 million 2 . Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa -- $ 11.3 million 3 . Free Birds -- $ 11.2 million 4 . Last Vegas -- $ 11.1 million 5 . Ender 's Game -- $ 10.3 million Outside the Top 5 , 12 Years a Slave successfully expanded into wide release . After moving into 1,144 theaters , the harrowing drama pulled in $ 6.6 million total , giving it a fantastic $ 17.3 million total after four weekends and keeping it one of the most buzzed-about Oscar contenders of the season . Richard Curtis ' latest rom-com About Time fared pretty well in its expansion too . Out in 1,200 theaters , the film , which stars Rachel McAdams , grossed $ 5.2 million , and it now has an early $ 6.7 million total after ten days . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Thor : The Dark World " was no. 1 at the box office this weekend "  Bad Grandpa " was in second place with over $ 11 million "  12 Years a Slave " remains one of the most buzzed about Oscar contenders
CNN  -- Five Somali men were sentenced Monday to life plus 80 years in prison for engaging in piracy and related offenses in last year 's attack on a U.S. warship in the Indian Ocean , federal officials announced Monday . "  Today marks the longest sentence ever given to a pirate in U.S. court , following the first time in over 190 years that an American jury has convicted a defendant of piracy , " Neil H. MacBride , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , said in a statement . "  Today 's sentences should send a clear message to those who attempt to engage in piracy : Armed attacks on U.S.-flagged vessels carry severe consequences in U.S. courts . " In November , a federal jury in Virginia convicted the Somali men -- Mohammed Modin Hasan , Gabul Abdullahi Ali , Abdi Wali Dire , Abdi Mohammed Gurewardher and Abdi Mohammed Umar -- of piracy , attack to plunder a vessel , act of violence against persons on a vessel , assault with a dangerous weapon , assault with a dangerous weapon on federal officers and employees , conspiracy to use firearms during a crime of violence , and multiple firearm counts , including the use of a rocket propelled grenade . Citing evidence and trial testimony , the statement said the five men left Somalia in three vessels -- two small ones and a larger one -- looking for a merchant ship to pirate . On April 1 , 2010 , Hasan , Ali and Dire boarded one of the smaller boats and set out to pirate what they believed to be a merchant ship , while Gurewardher and Umar remained on the large ship , the statement said . Using assault weapons and a rocket-propelled grenade , the men opened fire on what they later discovered was no merchant ship but the USS Nicholas , a 450-foot U.S. warship whose home port is in Norfolk , Virginia . The Nicholas , in turn , sank the boat that carried out the attack and captured the pirate mother ship that launched it . MacBride estimated that Somali pirates currently hold 650 to 800 people hostage and that the annual cost of piracy could reach $ 12 billion . That would include the costs of ransoms , military operations to provide protection to shipping lanes and insurance policies that cover piracy , he said . The sentencing occurred in Norfolk before Judge Mark Davis , MacBride said . He called the sentences , which do not include the possibility of parole , the longest ever given out to pirates . The pirate statute , which dates to the early years of this country , carries a mandatory life sentence . Pirate attacks have become a frequent hazard for sailors off Somalia , which has had no effective central government since 1991 .	Each of the defendants was sentenced to life plus 80 years They are longest sentences ever meted out to a pirate in a U.S. court It 's also the first time in 190 years that a U.S. court has convicted a defendant of piracy
CNN  -- San Antonio guard Manu Ginobili believes his success with the Spurs has helped overseas stars become more established within the NBA . The Argentine , who is currently in his eighth season with the Spurs , told CNN that he believes players from abroad are now more trusted by the top NBA franchises . "  NBA franchises now trust overseas players far more than they used to , " said the 32-year-old . "  Over the last four of five years the numbers of overseas players in the NBA has increased so much and they have more influence now than ever before . "  There are now overseas players in key positions and this league is becoming truly global . I am very proud that is happening . Ginobili has been a key figure in San Antonio 's recent run of three NBA title triumphs -- in 2003 , 2005 and 2007 -- however , he admits that helping his country win gold at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens was the highlight of his career . "  Winning a gold medal was something different , especially coming from Argentina where we never throught we could win a basketball gold medal . "  It really was something fantastic for me . To win three NBA titles was also an unbelievable experience and to compare those achievements is hard . "  But the Olympic Games , and the Olympic environment , is unique and that was really special for me . "	San Antonio guard Manu Ginobili speaks exclusively to CNN 's Candy Reid Ginobili believes his success in the NBA has paved the way for other overseas stars The Argentine cites winning Olympic gold in 2004 as the highlight of his career
London  CNN  -- If there 's one thing you notice in the Financial Times ' sprawling office building on London 's Southwark Bridge it 's that there are newspapers ... everywhere . Piles upon piles of trademark salmon pink paper , the fruit of endless days of hard work that even the most seasoned journalists ca n't bring themselves to recycle . They fill every gap between desks , there are stacks on the floor , and in corridors , next to the odd cursory pot plant . There 's a charm about it , that of a place with its priorities straight . Substance over style . Inside the Financial Times : Discover more Editor Lionel Barber tells me that when he started the Financial Times , the newsroom was full of "  cigarette smoke and typewriters making a lot of noise . " The typewriters are long gone and , with them , most of the noise . But , says Barber , "  there is still something special about a newsroom . " Twenty years ago the piles of newspapers may not have been so striking . Hard to believe now , but ft.com only launched in 1995 . This year -- 17 years later -- digital subscriptions overtook print for the first time . This has undoubtedly changed the way the operation runs . Read more : The most influential business books Breaking news happens in real time , screens with 24 hour news channels hang in the newsroom , and the journalists have the concentration of greyhounds on the blocks . Barber has an interesting view of this . "  Working for the print newspaper and for ft.com , " he says , "  is a little like walking and chewing gum at the same time -- it is actually possible . " Read more : Print media hail iPad 's potential Possible , and profitable . In 2001 ft.com became one of the first online newspapers to introduce a paywall , and charge users for its content . Chief executive John Ridding says people thought they were "  a little strange , to put it politely " , but they stuck with it , and it 's worked . The numbers are proof enough . Over 300,000 digital subscribers and sales up 7 % in the first half of this year . And , Ridding says , there 's an "  accidental benefit " that has transformed the business . They do n't just know how many people are reading , they know who they are and what they are reading . That "  enables us to do a much better job of developing products and services and being relevant to our readers , " he added . The Financial Times ' business is solid . The digital future , however , is not without collateral damage . CNN spent a day with the Financial Times in April , observing everything from the morning editorial meeting , to the evening frenzy at the east London print site . In September , the owners of that print site , Newsfax , went into administration , and the Financial Times ' subsidiary St Clement 's Press had to step in to run the site . Walking and chewing gum is possible , but not without risks .	CNN 's Clare Sebastian goes behind the scenes of the Financial Times She finds piles of newsprint , but an organization focused on the digital age Filing for print and digital is described as like ` walking and chewing gum ' at the same time This can be done -- but it 's not without risks
CNN  -- One in 50 children is homeless in the United States every year , according to a report released Tuesday . The National Center on Family Homelessness estimates more than 1.5 million children are without a home . The report , by the National Center on Family Homelessness , analyzed data from 2005-06 and found that more than 1.5 million children were without a home . "  These numbers will grow as home foreclosures continue to rise , " Ellen Bassuk , president of the center , said in a statement . The study ranked states on their performance in four areas : the extent of child homelessness , the risk for it , child well-being and the state 's policy and planning efforts . The states that fared the poorest were Texas , Georgia , Arkansas , New Mexico and Louisiana . Connecticut , New Hampshire , Hawaii , Rhode Island and North Dakota performed the best . Homeless children have poor health , emotional problems and low graduation rates , the study found . "  The consequences to our society will play out for decades , " Bassuk said . "  As we bail out the rest of our nation , it is also time to come to their aid . " The report offers recommendations such as improved support to ensure that children 's schooling is not interrupted when they lose their homes , and services to address the trauma of homelessness . Other highlights in the report , "  America 's Youngest Outcasts : State Report Card on Child Homelessness : " • 42 percent of homeless children are younger than 6 . • African-American and Native American children are disproportionately represented . • More than 1 in 7 homeless children have moderate to severe health conditions , such as asthma . • Approximately 1.16 million of homeless children today will not graduate from high school .	The National Center on Family Homelessness analyzed data from 2005-06 Study says 42 percent of homeless children are younger than 6 States that fared poorly were Texas , Georgia , Arkansas , New Mexico and Louisiana
Washington  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of hurried passengers trying to check in at some of the busiest U.S. airports could soon find themselves in the fast lane . The Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration are expanding their expedited screening initiative known as PreCheck to 28 additional airports this year , it was announced Wednesday . Seven airports across the country have already started the procedures , which allow travelers a faster screening process if they volunteer information about themselves prior to flying . In making the announcement at a news conference at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport , Homeland Security officials said PreCheck will enable TSA to focus its efforts on passengers the agency knows less about in a more risk-based approach to screening . If the TSA determines a passenger is eligible for expedited screening , "  information will be embedded in the barcode of the passenger 's boarding pass , " according to the department . Passengers who qualify may only rarely have to remove their shoes , jackets and belts , and extract laptops or liquids from bags . "  Good , thoughtful , sensible security by its very nature facilitates lawful travel and legitimate commerce , " said Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano . "  The expansion of TSA PreCheck to the nation 's busiest airports will increase our security capabilities and expedite the screening process for travelers we consider our trusted partners . " The "  trusted traveler " program wo n't guarantee expedited security screening , officials say . Participants will still be subject to random and unpredictable security measures . PreCheck will be implemented at the busiest U.S. airports throughout the year including , Baltimore/Washington , Boston Logan , Charlotte Douglas , Cincinnati , Denver , Fort Lauderdale , George Bush , Honolulu , Indianapolis , JFK , LaGuardia , Lambert-St . Louis , Louis Armstrong New Orleans , Luis Munoz Marin , Newark Liberty , O'Hare , Orlando , Philadelphia , Phoenix Sky Harbor , Pittsburgh , Portland , Ronald Reagan Washington National , Salt Lake City , San Francisco , Seattle-Tacoma , Tampa , Ted Stevens Anchorage and Washington Dulles . The TSA says it will continue expanding to additional airlines and airports beyond those already announced . Officials say more than 336,000 passengers have already been screened through PreCheck lanes affiliated with American Airlines in Los Angeles , Dallas , Miami , Las Vegas and Minneapolis , and with Delta Air Lines in Atlanta , Detroit , Las Vegas and Minneapolis . US Airways , United Airlines and Alaska Airlines will begin operations later this year . "  TSA PreCheck moves us closer to our goal of delivering the most effective and efficient screening by recognizing that most passengers do not pose a threat to security , " said TSA Administrator John Pistole in a written statement . "  We are pleased to expand this important effort , in collaboration with our airline and airport partners , as we move away from a one-size-fits-all approach to a more intelligence-driven , risk-based transportation security system . "	The expedited screening initiative PreCheck expands to 28 additional airports this year Boarding passes of approved passengers will include information in a barcode Officials : Existing PreCheck lines at seven airports have handled more than 336,000 passengers
CNN  The HBO documentary "  Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck " is already drawing rave reviews on the film festival circuit , including sold-out showings at both Sundance and the True/False fests before its television premiere on May 4th . However , anticipation for the film 's soundtrack is about to hit fever pitch as director Brett Morgen revealed that the accompanying album will feature "  a mind-blowing 12-minute acoustic Cobain unheard track , " the filmmaker tweeted  via Loudwire  . Kurt Cobain documentary set to premiere at Sundance Morgen did n't share any other details regarding the song other than it will feature on the "  Montage of Heck " soundtrack . While an April 7th release date has been scheduled for the film 's companion book , which features "  a mixture of animation stills , rare photography and other treasures from Kurt Cobain 's personal archive , " no date or further information has been announced regarding the film 's soundtrack . Kurt Cobain doc ` Montage of Heck ' adds rarities-filled companion book Rolling Stone talked to Morgen at the Sundance Film Festival , and the filmmaker revealed that the documentary 's score "  is all unreleased Cobain music . " "  They do n't have titles . Before people saw the movie , there were these weird press releases focusing on the unreleased music . And it 's like : It 's a movie . We 're not going to stop it and play a song for four minutes , " Morgen said . "  But nobody in Kurt 's life -- not his management , wife , bandmates -- had ever heard his Beatles thing -LSB- a snippet of ` And I Love Her ' -RSB- . I found it on a random tape . It 's a Paul -LSB- McCartney -RSB- song . How 's that for shattering the myth ? " Sundance 2015 : Intimate ` Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck ' doc stuns at premiere Morgen added that he hoped to put out one of the Cobain 's personal cassettes - "  Tape 59 : Montage of Heck " - as a special release on "  Independent Record Store day , like unannounced , but it did n't happen . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2015 Rolling Stone .	The album will feature a 12-minute acoustic Cobain unheard track The doc is already winning rave reviews Filmmaker wants to release one of the Cobain 's personal cassettes
CNN  -- Mount Redoubt volcano in southern Alaska has erupted again , shooting ash as high as 45,000 feet in the air on Saturday , experts said . A series of eruptions has been rattling Alaska 's Mount Redoubt volcano since Sunday . The eruption occurred at about 1:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  , the U.S. Geological Survey told CNN . Some of the ash fell around Anchorage , resulting in the airport to close , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The volcano erupted three times Friday , at times shooting ash as high as 51,000 feet . The eruptions are the latest in a series that began March 22 . The Alaska Volcano Observatory has set the alert level at its highest possible designation -- red -- indicating that an eruption is under way or imminent and that the eruption will produce a "  significant emission of volcanic ash into the atmosphere . " Friday 's volcano activity prompted Alaska Airlines to limit flights to and from Anchorage , according to the airline 's Web site . It canceled all its Thursday flights to and from Anchorage after an eruption earlier in the day sent an ash cloud 65,000 feet high . The eruptions are the latest in a series that began Sunday .	NEW : Mount Redoubt volcano in southern Alaska erupted again on Saturday NEW : Eruption sent ash as high as 45,000 feet in the air , experts said NEW : FAA says ash falling around Anchorage resulted in closure of the airport Mount Redoubt has been erupting since March 22
