CNN  -- A college student in Nigeria has been sentenced to 19 years in prison for scamming an Australian woman out of $ 47,000 online by pretending to be a widowed white businessman desperately in love with her . A court in Ikeja in southwest Nigeria ruled that Lawal Adekunie Nurudeen will also have to pay back the 56-year-old woman , even if it meant selling the two plots of land and the Honda Prelude he bought with her money . Nurudeen was an engineering student when he met the woman online in 2007 , said the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , Nigeria 's anti-corruption police . The woman lamented that she was looking for a husband but had been disappointed in the men she had met . "  The convict , who is married with three children , instantly applied and told the victim that she had met Mr. Right , " the commission said in a statement . Nurudeen pretended to be a 57-year-old British engineer working with a multinational company in Nigeria . He told her his wife and only child had died in a road accident in Lagos , the former capital of the country . "  He sent the picture of a white man to the victim to foreclose any suspicions , " police said . The woman agreed to marry him . A few weeks later , Nurudeen called the woman pretending to be a doctor . He told her that her fiance had been in an accident and needed money for treatment . The woman obliged , the commission said . Nurudeen let two weeks pass . He then called the woman again , thanking her profusely for her kindness and telling her that he would like to visit her in Australia . He asked her for airfare , cash for customs clearance and other incidentals , police said . Authorities did not say how Nurudeen was caught . But he duped the woman of $ 47,000 before his arrest , the commission said . Scammers in Nigeria have gained a reputation for using the Internet to con foreign nationals out of money . Some of the scams have earned the name "  419 " after the clause in the Nigerian criminal code that deals with obtaining property under false pretense .	Police : Nurudeen was engineering student when he met the woman online in 2007 Nurudeen pretended to be a British engineer working in Nigeria Authorities do not say how he was caught
CNN  -- It has now been certified officially : Germany is special , at least in the eyes of ratings agency Standard & Poor 's . According to Standard & Poor 's , Germany is the only country in the eurozone which still deserves the prized AAA rating with a stable outlook . Nine other countries , together accounting for more than half the euro area 's GDP , were downgraded at least one notch . Given that these countries also provide more than half of the financing of the eurozone bail out fund  the European Financial Stability Facility  it was only logical that this institution also lost its AAA rating . One could be tempted , following the downgrades , to conclude that most euro countries just can not get their fiscal houses in order . But the opposite is closer to reality . The average fiscal deficit for the euro area was only about 4 % of GDP in 2011 . This is projected to fall to about 3 % in 2012 . This is much lower than the double digit figures for the U.S. and UK fiscal deficits for 2011 , which are expected to persist through this year . Italy -- hit with a two-notch downgrade -- is actually expected to structurally balance its 2012 budget . "  Excessive " deficits are thus unlikely to be the root cause of the problem  at least apart from Greece  . The motivation for the downgrades given by Standard & Poor 's actually cites the excessive attention given to fiscal austerity as one principal reason for the downgrading of a whole swath of euroland . Greek debt talks to resume So why the downgrade ? Is there really such a lack of capital that the remaining deficits , which look modest in comparison to other developed countries , can not be financed ? The answer is surely no . There are enough savings within the monetary union area to finance all public deficits of the eurozone 's members . This is because euro area savers are usually loath to invest in foreign currency ; and most regulated intermediaries such as investment fund have little choice but to invest in government securities in euro . Further , Europe 's investment funds and insurance companies can not all put their money in a bank account where yields are close to nothing . This is a key reason why reaction in the markets was so muted after the downgrades . So what is Standard & Poor 's afraid of ? One major problem is Europe 's regional split of savings habits . Those in the north -- Germany and the Netherlands , for example -- have an excess of savings . But the area 's investors dare not cross the Alps to spend their money in the southern countries such as Italy , Spain and Greece  and maybe soon France  . This is why Italian funding costs have gone up so dramatically while the same time , the German government can collect money from investors when it issues short term paper . The collection of savings within national pools means the capital markets have ceased to function in the euro area . The European Central Bank is the only institution able to recycle northern European savings through the euro area . The ECB has thus become the "  central counterparty " to most north-south lending in Europe . By doing so it has prevented a collapse of the banking system . But the ECB has its limits too . The ECB can not single-handedly substitute for all private cross border lending . The downwards spiral will continue until these markets begin to function again . This should be the main priority of Europe 's leaders . The fiscal compact might be useful to prevent the next crisis a generation down the road , but this will not be very useful if the euro does not survive the present one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Gros	Daniel Gros thinks the eurozone 's public finances are still in shape despite downgrades Gros regards Europe 's regional split of savings habits as one of the key problems in the crisis The European Central Bank has prevented a collapse of the banking system , but it has its limits
London  CNN  -- Four people , all journalists or former journalists for Britain 's Mirror Group Newspapers , have been arrested on suspicion of conspiring to hack voice mails , police in London said Thursday . The investigation is mainly concerned with the Sunday Mirror newspaper and is focused on the period from 2003 to 2004 . "  This conspiracy is being treated as a separate conspiracy to the two being investigated at the now defunct News of the World newspaper , " London 's Metropolitan Police said . The News of the World was closed down in 2011 amid public uproar over the hacking of voice mails by employees of the tabloid , owned by the UK arm of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . A number of people face criminal charges as a result of investigations into alleged wrongdoing at the News of the World . Trinity Mirror , the UK media giant which owns Mirror Group Newspapers , named two of those arrested Thursday as James Scott , the editor of The People and his deputy , Nick Buckley . "  We understand that two former employees were also arrested this morning , " a Trinity Mirror spokesman said . "  The police are investigating allegations of phone hacking whilst they were on the Sunday Mirror during 2003 and 2004 . We are cooperating with the police and we have no further comment to make at this stage . " Police earlier said the four people arrested Thursday "  on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept telephone communications " were three men in their 40s and a woman aged 47 . They are being questioned at police stations in London , and a number of addresses are being searched , police said . Mirror Group Newspapers publishes the Daily Mirror , the Sunday Mirror and The People , as well as Scotland 's Daily Record and Sunday Mail . Misconduct claim In a separate development , a former Sussex police officer , James Bowes , was charged Thursday with misconduct in public office , UK prosecutors said . "  It is alleged that in 2010 Mr. Bowes provided information to The Sun newspaper in breach of the terms of his employment and was paid Â # 500 , " a Crown Prosecution Service statement said . The information related to three high-profile investigations being conducted by Sussex Police at the time , it said . He will appear in court later this month . Parallel investigations were set up into claims of voice mail hacking and alleged illegal payments to police and public officials in the wake of the furor over abuses by the News of the World .	NEW : Trinity Mirror names two of those arrested as editor and deputy editor of The People NEW : "  We are cooperating with the police and we have no further comment , " says media firm Police say the investigation is separate from a probe of News of the World All four people arrested are current or former journalists at Mirror Group Newspapers
Vatican City  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI delivered his final public prayer ceremony Sunday to a crowd of thousands at St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City , amid rumors of a sex scandal brewing as he prepares to step down . "  Thank you for your affection , " the pope told the crowd as he appeared at the window of his apartment overlooking the square . As is customary , he opened the weekly Angelus prayer with a short sermon . Benedict spoke on the Transfiguration of Christ , one of the key moments in Jesus ' life on Earth , when , according to the church , he took three disciples to pray on a mountain . During his prayers , Jesus was miraculously changed and filled with light . Read the full text of Benedict 's sermon The crowd interrupted Benedict with rousing applause , as he told them that God wanted him to do the same . "  The Lord is calling me to go on top of the hill , to dedicate myself once more to prayer and meditation , " he said . "  But this does not mean to abandon the church . " Resignation and rumors This month , Benedict shocked the world with the announcement that he would step down . Thursday is his last day as acting pope . The Italian media has been abuzz in recent days with allegations that gay clergy may have made themselves vulnerable to blackmail by male prostitutes , setting off speculation that a brewing scandal may have triggered Benedict 's resignation . The Vatican vehemently denied the allegations Saturday . Interactive : Where does the pope live ? Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone said it was "  deplorable " that as the time for the Roman Catholic cardinals to elect a new pope approaches , a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " has appeared . As the first pontiff to step down in six centuries , Benedict said he is resigning "  because of advanced age . " He is 85 . "  Strength of mind and body are necessary , strength which in the last few months has deteriorated in me to the extent that I have had to recognize my incapacity to adequately fulfill the ministry entrusted to me , " Benedict said when he announced his retirement this month . Shortly after the pope 's announcement nearly two weeks ago , a different rumor began making its way through the Italian media : Allegations that the pontiff 's decision was linked to a medical procedure to replace the battery in his pacemaker . A Vatican spokesman dismissed the idea at the time . CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen has said that clergy members trying to cover up their sex lives may well be creating problems in the Catholic Church , as they have in the past . But he believes that the current unsourced speculation in the Italian media should be taken with a grain of salt . Several years ago , Benedict suggested he would be open to resigning should his health fail , Allen has said . Wrapping up a papacy After the sermon , he chanted the Angelus , a common Catholic prayer , with the crowd . It begins with : "  The angel of the Lord declared unto Mary . And she conceived by the power of Holy Spirit . Hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord is with you . Blessed are you among women , and blessed is the fruit of your womb , Jesus . " The throng of spectators extended beyond the borders of the piazza , some waving flags from nations around the world and holding up signs with words of thanks for the departing head of the Catholic Church . He ended his message with : "  Let 's always be close in prayer . " Sunday 's Angelus will not be Benedict 's final public appearance , as he is scheduled to hold a general audience Wednesday , according to the Vatican . He will hold a "  meet and greet " with cardinals late Thursday morning before stepping down the same evening , the Vatican website said . Benedict was dean of the College of Cardinals in 2005 when he became the sixth German to be picked as pope , albeit the first since the 11th century . At the time , the church was facing several pressing issues , including a growing crisis over the church 's role in handling molestation accusations against priests around the world . The pontiff will leave office at 8 p.m. on February 28 , two-and-a-half weeks after he shocked the Roman Catholic world by announcing his resignation . The Vatican has said a new pope will be in place for the church 's Easter celebrations on March 31 . Benedict will begin his retirement in the papal summer residence in Castel Gandolfo before he withdraws to a monastery being built for him in Vatican City , a Vatican spokesman has said . He will then lead a cloistered life , the spokesman said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Vatican City , and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	The pope says his decision was the result of a calling from God The Italian media has been abuzz with new clergy sex allegations The Vatican vehemently denied the allegations Benedict has said he is stepping down because of weakness caused by aging
London  CNN  Lawmakers on Tuesday voted in favor of a law that sets the stage for the United Kingdom to be the first country in the world to allow a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people . The technique could prevent mitochondrial diseases but also raises significant ethical issues . The measure was passed in the House of Commons , 382 to 128 , Speaker John Bercow said . A further vote must be held in the UK 's upper house , the House of Lords , before the measure can become law . Passage of the law is opposed by Catholic and Anglican church leaders , in part because the process involves the destruction of an embryo . One in 6,500 babies in the United Kingdom are thought to develop a serious mitochondrial disorder , which can lead to health issues such as heart and liver disease , respiratory problems , blindness and muscular dystrophy . Problems with mitochondria , the "  powerhouse " cells of the body , are inherited from the mother , so the proposed IVF treatment would mean an affected woman could have a baby without passing on mitochondrial disease . But the cutting-edge IVF technique , which involves transferring nuclear genetic material from a mother 's egg or embryo into a donor egg or embryo that 's had its nuclear DNA removed , raises ethical questions . The new embryo will contain nuclear DNA from the intended father and mother , as well as healthy mitochondrial DNA from the donor embryo -- effectively creating a "  three-parent " baby . The amount of donor DNA in the mitochondria will , however , be much less than the parental DNA in the nucleus , which determines the baby 's characteristics . The Church of England 's national adviser on medical issues , the Rev. Dr. Brendan McCarthy , described the step as representing an ethical watershed and said more research and wider debate were needed . "  We accept in certain circumstances that embryo research is permissible as long as it is undertaken to alleviate human suffering and embryos are treated with respect . We have great sympathy for families affected by mitochondrial disease and are not opposed in principle to mitochondrial replacement , " he said . "  Our view , however , remains that we believe that the law should not be changed until there has been further scientific study and informed debate into the ethics , safety and efficacy of mitochondrial replacement therapy . " Bishop John Sherrington , in a statement posted online by the Catholic Church in England and Wales , urged lawmakers not to rush into taking such a serious step . "  It seems extraordinary that a licence should be sought for a radical new technique affecting future generations without first conducting a clinical trial , " he said . "  There are also serious ethical objections to this procedure which involves the destruction of human embryos as part of the process . " The California-based Center for Genetics and Society , in an open letter to UK lawmakers last month , said that although the proposed goal was noble , "  the techniques will in fact put women and children at risk for severe complications , divert resources from promising alternatives and treatments , and set a policy precedent that experimentation on future generations is an acceptable biomedical/fertility development . " A team at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Mitochondrial Research , led by professor Doug Turnbull and based at Newcastle University in northern England , has been leading the research into the pioneering IVF technique . The center points out that mitochondrial diseases can not be cured and that in many families , several people are affected . A Wellcome Trust fact sheet states that "  nuclear DNA is not altered , and so mitochondrial donation will not affect the child 's appearance , personality or any other features that make a person unique -- it will simply allow the mitochondria to function normally and the child to be free of mitochondrial DNA disease . "  The healthy mitochondria will also be passed on to any children of women born using the technique . " According to the latest estimates from the research team , published in The New England Journal of Medicine , almost 2,500 women of childbearing age in the UK are at risk of transmitting mitochondrial disease to their children , while in the United States , the number is more than 12,400 . This equates to an average of 152 births per year in the UK , and 778 births per year in the United States , the team said . In a Newcastle University news release , Turnbull said his team 's findings had considerable implications for other countries considering the technique . Allowing it would give "  women who carry these mutations greater reproductive choice , " he said . CNN 's Alexander Felton , Laura Perez-Maestro and Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report .	UK lawmakers vote overwhelmingly in favor of allowing the new IVF technique A further vote must be held in the House of Lords before the measure can become law Scientists say the technique will not change a child 's characteristics , just make it healthy
CNN  -- An Arizona sheriff 's deputy who said he was shot by a suspected drug trafficker in the desert has been fired following an investigation into comments he made to a Phoenix newspaper and investigators , the department said Wednesday . Louie Puroll , who was previously suspended , will appeal his termination , the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . Ten allegations were sustained during an internal probe , including incompetence , improper conduct , and violations of truthfulness and the code of ethics , according to the statement . Sheriff Paul Babeu cited comments Puroll made to reporter Paul Rubin of the Phoenix New Times , which challenged Puroll 's version of the April 30 shooting incident . "  I stood by my deputy after he was shot by drug smugglers in April because his statements to both criminal and internal investigators were consistent , supported by physical evidence , radio transmissions , GPS coordinates , other victims/witnesses and later through gunshot residue testing conducted on the shirt he was wearing , " Babeu said in the statement . "  The manner in which Deputy Puroll conducted himself following the shooting investigation when interviewed by Reporter Paul Rubin brought great discredit to himself and the men and women representing our sworn law enforcement profession . " The department released no other details of the investigation . Puroll told the newspaper that representatives of "  the Mexican cartel " have approached him four or five times over the years wanting to do business and asking him to look the other way . Puroll told the newspaper he did n't arrest any of these men , call for backup , or write reports about the encounters , the New Times reported . Puroll was also investigated for allegedly telling the reporter "  you 're lucky to be alive right now " and that he knew a rancher who offered to murder the reporter after his initial article challenged Puroll 's account of his wounding , sheriff 's office spokesman Tim Gaffney said in early December . In October , authorities said Puroll was telling the truth about how he was wounded . They presented evidence from a follow-up investigation provoked by a media report that challenged the deputy 's version of events . "  Many have suggested a conspiracy ,  that  somehow our deputy shot himself , " Babeu said at a press conference October 7 . "  People weighed in that were n't from Arizona ... and it put that question of doubt in the public 's mind that there 's something here to look at . " In September , The Phoenix New Times cited forensic experts who challenged the account from Puroll , who said he was shot in the central Arizona desert from a distance by an illegal immigrant with an AK-47 . Two experts were quoted by the New Times as saying the evidence suggested Puroll had been shot at very close range . The Pinal County Sheriff 's Office said in October that new testing on the bullet-torn shirt Puroll was wearing on the day of the shooting had ruled out a close-range shot . "  The physical evidence , radio traffic , phone calls and now this gunshot residue testing completed by the Arizona Department of Public Safety all confirm  Puroll 's  account of the events , " the sheriff 's office said in a statement . The New Times allegations provoked the sheriff 's office to reopen its investigation into the case "  to maintain transparency , " according to the sheriff 's office , and "  to prove without question that the weapon fired at Deputy Puroll was not a ` contact wound . ' " The office said last year that Puroll 's shirt from the day of the incident was tested by the Arizona Department of Public Safety for "  the presence of munitions residue , indicative of a close contact discharge . " "  This testing further confirms that the gunshot wound was not a close contact shot as had been reported by the two doctors through a local media entity , " the statement said , referring to The Phoenix New Times . Asked at an October press conference if he was anxious about how the tests would come back , Puroll said no . "  I did not need any test -- I was there , " he said . "  I did not shoot myself . " On April 30 , Puroll contacted authorities after being wounded in the desert , Lt. Tammy Villar , a sheriff 's spokeswoman , said at the time . The deputy radioed that he had encountered five men , some wielding long guns and handguns , and said they were carrying a large amount of marijuana . At one point the deputy lost radio contact with authorities , leading to a search by foot and by air for him and the shooter , according to CNN affiliate KNXV . Video from the scene showed that the deputy was located while sitting in desert brush , surrounded by cactus . He was able to walk to a helicopter , which airlifted him to a hospital . The deputy was shot in the left abdomen and suffered a superficial wound , law enforcement sources said at the time . The shooting came amid a national debate over Arizona 's tough new immigration law .	Sheriff 's office terminates deputy over comments to newspaper Louie Puroll said he was shot by suspected drug trafficker Puroll 's conduct after probe of shooting "  brought great discredit , " sheriff says He will appeal his firing , the department says
CNN  -- The Taliban said Monday it was behind a suicide bombing in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore that killed 13 people and wounded 113 others . Azam Tariq , spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , said the attack was in response to U.S. aggression against Muslims around the world . "  I am proud to accept the responsibility of the Lahore suicide blast , " Tariq wrote in a text message to CNN . "  We will follow U.S. and its allies all over the world , even if they are in Karachi , Peshawar , Lahore , Afghanistan or in U.S. " Seven of the dead were security personnel , and two were a mother and daughter on their way to school , Lahore government official Khalid Ranjha said . He said 81 people were at nearby hospitals . Government officials earlier reported 11 people were dead and more than 60 were injured , with many in critical condition . Officials warned the death toll could rise . The bombing was in an affluent part of Model Town in Lahore , Pakistan 's second-largest city . The suicide bomber targeted the Special Investigation Agency , a provincial law-enforcement agency that investigates high-value detainees . It is where suspected militants have been interrogated , said Khusro Pervez , a senior government official in Lahore . In a separate development , three suspected militants were killed Monday night when a suspected U.S. drone fired five missiles at a compound in Pakistan 's tribal region , two Pakistani intelligence officials said . The compound was in the town of Miranshah in North Waziristan , one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan , officials said . The officials asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalists Nasir Dawar and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Pakistani Taliban said attack was response to U.S. aggression against Muslims Blast kills 13 people and wounds 113 others in eastern Pakistan In other news , suspected U.S. drone kills three suspected militants in tribal region
CNN  -- Richard Sherman made several things very evident last Sunday night : He 's confident . Brash . Competitive . A "  dogged mentality " helps , too , when it comes to lining up against the other guy . That other guy in the NFC Championship Game was Michael Crabtree , the object of the cornerback 's rant after the Seattle Seahawks earned their way to the Super Bowl by beating the San Francisco 49ers . "  Do n't you open your mouth about the best , " Sherman barked on national TV , "  or I 'm going to shut it for you real quick . " In the days since the outburst stirred controversy , Sherman has become something akin to the upcoming Super Bowl 's unofficial provocateur-in-chief . But in an in-depth interview with CNN 's Rachel Nichols -- which aired Friday night -- Sherman expressed some regret about the rant while showing a far more gentler side when he 's off the field . "  I 've always been a square , a nerd . Kind of odd , kind of awkward , " he said . "  I still am to this day . People just think I 'm a lot cooler 'cause I play football . " Sherman said he likes the History Channel and "  Animal Planet " on TV . The Stanford University grad lauded his parents , saying they set an example of going to work every day and not complaining . With his can-do attitude and philosophy "  you got ta be who you are , " it 's fitting that one of his heroes is one of sport 's most outspoken athletes -- Muhammad Ali . Like Ali in his day , Sherman may now be the biggest newsmaker in sports following the Seahawks ' playoff victory . When he was about 7 or 8 years old , Sherman saw Ali for the first time on the screen . Ali struck him as "  so much different than everybody else in the world , " Sherman said . "  It was one of his interviews , " Sherman said . "  And he was just so clever , so well-spoken , so articulate -- so off-the-cuff . "  He kind of went against the grain . ... and that takes a lot of courage to go against the grain , to say what you really want to say . " Cornerback stunned by rant reaction As the Seahawks and Denver Broncos prepare for the Super Bowl on February 2 , Sherman took a break from practice to speak with Nichols . He spoke of defying all odds by growing up in a Los Angeles neighborhood -- Compton -- where violence is documented in rap songs , and working in school so hard and successfully that he later attended and played football at Stanford . 5 things you should know about Richard Sherman "  How almost oxymoronic does it sound that a kid from Compton is going to Stanford ? " Sherman said . "  I was just trying to show 'em anything 's possible . " Sherman has been publicly excoriated , particularly on social media , for his postgame comments . He told Nichols he probably should not have attacked Crabtree . "  And that was immature and I probably should n't have done that . I regret doing that . " Still , he was shocked by some of the racists responses he received . "  It was really mind-boggling the way the world reacted , " Sherman told Nichols . The NFL All-Pro defensive back told Nichols he still feels the sting of not going in the 2011 NFL draft until the fifth round -- the 24th cornerback chosen . "  You do n't know what to expect . You do n't know if your phone 's supposed to ring or if somebody 's supposed to text ... " he said . "  When your phone just does n't ring , does n't have any activity , it 's really disheartening . " In the days since his rant , the phone is ringing for Sherman . His agent said the incident has ended up being more positive than negative for Sherman 's image . "  I think that he 's more likeable , " said Jamie Fritz . Fritz told CNNMoney that interest in his client for endorsements has boomed since the remarks . "  We have some new  corporate  players who have come to the table who are starting the conversation , " Fritz said . Sherman told CNN he is concentrating on moving forward , preparing for Denver superstar quarterback Peyton Manning . For now , he has one objective . "  On the football field , you 're still going out to there to win . And if you 're not going out there to win , what are you going out there for ? " CNN 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Richard Sherman talks with CNN about his NFL career , growing up "  I 've always been a square , a nerd , " athlete says He pays tribute to his parents , talks of his neighborhood Agent says his image is now more positive than negative
CNN  -- The World Heritage Committee has given Australia another year to prove it 's doing enough to protect the Great Barrier Reef or suffer the humiliation of having it enter the list of sites in danger . The country has been scrambling to ensure adequate measures are in place after a damning review of the reef 's health and safety at the last committee meeting in 2013 . The World Heritage Committee said on Wednesday it is still concerned about planned coastal developments , including planned new ports and liquified natural gas facilities . However , World Heritage Center director Kishore Rao said in a statement , "  UNESCO is confident the overall direction towards next year 's decision is a positive one . " Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt declared the year delay "  a positive outcome for Australia and we can be proud of our achievements in protecting the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area . " Rich in biodiversity Stretching 2,000 kilometers down the coast of the state of Queensland , the Great Barrier Reef boasts the greatest biodiversity of any World Heritage Site . It 's home to hundreds of species of coral , fish , bird and mollusks , but also runs along a busy coastline lined with farms , towns and beaches that attract millions of tourists each year . Conservationists say not enough is being done to protect the region from the burden of business interests , particularly a planned coal port at Abbot Point , near the city of Bowen . "  The first step must be to immediately ban the dumping of dredge spoil in the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area . Dredging and dumping for new port developments pollutes Reef waters , and the majority of Australians want to see an end to this outdated practice , " said the World Wildlife Fund 's Australia reef campaigner Richard Leck . In a report released in April , UNESCO "  noted with concern " proposals to dump three million cubic meters of dredge spoil inside the World Heritage area from the Abbot Point site . It said it also "  regrets " the approval for the dredge spoil to be dumped "  prior to  the government  having undertaken a comprehensive assessment of alternative and potentially less impacting development and disposal options . " In a statement following the Committee 's extension of the deadline on Wednesday , Minister Hunt defended the decision , saying the approval of the Abbot Point development "  complied with Australia 's obligations under the World Heritage Convention , was subject to rigorous environmental assessment and applied Australia 's world-leading net benefit approach . " ` Years of neglect ' The degradation of the Great Barrier Reef has been occurring for decades , according to scientific reports and anecdotal evidence . In a speech on Tuesday in Washington , D.C. , actor and director Leonardo DiCaprio declared he 'd seen the "  devastation " firsthand . "  What once had looked like an endless underwater utopia is now riddled with bleached coral reefs and massive dead zones , " he said , comparing his experience diving on the Great Barrier Reef 20 years ago to a dive at the same location two years ago . The same year , in 2012 , the then environment minister Tony Burke admitted that years of neglect had contributed to a sharp drop in the reef 's coral coverage . "  There 's no doubt there 's been a level of neglect for decades which if it had been dealt with otherwise we 'd be in a much better situation now , " Burke told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , at the time . He was responding to a report from the Australian Institute of Marine Science  AIMS  and the University of Wollongong that the reef had lost half of its coral cover in the last 27 years . Most of the damage was inflicted by tropical cyclones , the report concluded , as well as coral predation by the crown-of-thorns starfish and coral bleaching , mostly caused by warmer water . Battered by cyclones Images released this week by the Catlin Seaview Survey show the devastating effects of Cyclone Ita , a category five tropical cyclone , which hit the region in April . Before and after images show colorful coral snapped and flattened by waves whipped by fierce winds , which smash reefs , especially those not far from the surface . "  There is a myriad of increasing and cumulative impacts on the Great Barrier Reef . We can control impacts such as fishing , coastal development and marine debris . However we do not have the same control over storms and cyclones , " said Ove Hoegh-Guidberg , Catlin Seaview Survey 's chief scientist . "  Ensuring that our coral can bounce back from these disturbances is at the heart of the matter , " he said . The government says it 's "  absolutely committed " to protecting the Great Barrier Reef and is spending around $ 180 million dollars each year to improve the reef 's health . However , it remains to be seen whether it 's enough to protect what the environment minister has in the past called a "  vast and priceless ecosystem . " U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia 's Great Barrier Reef ` Game-changing ' cameras capture beauty and fragility of reef life	World Heritage Committee gives Australia another year to address issues with Great Barrier Reef Committee has warned it may be added to danger list Reef suffering effects of weather events , coastal development , crown-of-thorns starfish Boasts the greatest biodiversity of any World Heritage Site
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- The German Cabinet met Wednesday to discuss ways of tackling child abuse in the Catholic church and other institutions as a new allegation surfaced against a suspended priest . Government ministers discussed the makeup of a round table on child abuse and prevention , set to meet April 23 . The government also named a special representative for child abuse matters . Christine Bergmann is a former minister for family affairs and her post should now be a go-to point for victims of child abuse , the government said . The new allegation is against the Reverend Peter Hullermann , who was convicted of abusing minors in 1986 . Hullermann 's case made headlines in Germany last week when it emerged the archdiocese ignored warnings to keep him away from children when it was headed by Pope Benedict XVI , who was then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger . A news release from the Archdiocese of Munich identified him only as "  suspended Reverend H " and says the abuse allegedly happened in 1998 in the town of Garching , near Munich , but Hullermann was the only one serving there at the time who has now been suspended . The statute of limitations on the case has not expired , the archdiocese said . The alleged victim was under age at the time , it said . After his conviction in 1986 , Hullermann was given an 18-month suspended sentence and a fine of 4,000 deutschmarks  about $ 2,000 at the time  . But he was then allowed to resume his priestly work and he continued to work with children , even though a psychoanalyst who had examined him demanded that Hullermann never be allowed to interact with minors again . The psychoanalyst , Werner Huth , had regularly done psychoanalytical evaluations for the church and had Hullermann in therapy from 1980 to 1992 . Huth told CNN last week he does not believe Pope Benedict was ever aware that Hullermann had returned to service , but Huth said he warned other church officials about the priest 's pedophilia many times . Garching Mayor Wolfgang Reichenwallner told CNN the archdiocese never informed him that Hullermann had a history of pedophilia . The archdiocese said the case has been sent to the state prosecutor 's office and that no further information will be given . Hullermann was suspended earlier this month as information about his past started coming to light . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Germany 's Cabinet discussing ways of tackling child abuse in Catholic church New allegation leveled against priest previously convicted over child abuse Reverend Peter Hullermann is accused of further abuse after resuming work
CNN  -- It 's almost like they read our minds ! Part of the opening of Sunday night 's 65th Primetime Emmys was a mash-up of some former hosts who came to offer "  advice " to this year 's host , Neil Patrick Harris . It was our best/worst hosts gallery come to life ! Last year 's host , Jimmy Kimmel , popped up first warning Harris that he should enjoy the experience and take it all in because "  there 's a good chance they wo n't ask you back next year . " Jane Lynch then appeared on stage to complain that she had n't been asked back because she was a woman . "  Come on Jane , I do n't think anyone that watched you host that night thought of you as a woman , " Harris said . 2013 Emmys show is full of surprises Jimmy Fallon broke into a tap dance routine as he offered up that Harris should do a little song and dance routine like he did hosting the Tony Awards . "  That is far too gay , " Harris responded . He reminded them all that he had actually hosted the Emmys before any of them . But not before Conan O'Brien who appeared to lament "  I hosted the Emmys before all of you . Back when it meant something ! " "  Back then , an Emmy broadcast was watched by over 900 billion people , " O'Brien joked . "  There was no ` Honey Bee Boo . ' " But the best was yet to come . "  House of Cards " star Kevin Spacey goes into character to let the audience know that "  it 's all going according to plan . " He mentions the "  cherry on the proverbial sundae " right before 2013 Golden Globes host Amy Poehler and Tina Fey start heckling Harris from the audience . "  Take your pants off and twerk it , " Fey advises . "  I come to awards shows for the twerking ! " Sadly , there was none of that as Harris said "  that would be degrading . " "  Yeah , it would be degrading , but we would be ` de-grateful , ' " Poehler joked . The winners list	The Emmys opening included a bit with past hosts They showed up to "  advise " this year 's host , Neil Patrick Harris From the audience , Tina Fey and Amy Poehler try to get him to disrobe
CNN  A group of medical students -- including an American , seven Britons and a Canadian -- may be the latest Westerners to join ISIS . It 's become a familiar story : Young people give up their futures in Western democratic nations to join the terrorist network establishing a self-declared Islamic state in the Middle East . Last month , three teenage British girls suspected of wanting to join ISIS may have gone to Syria , authorities said . Their fates remain unknown . An estimated 3,400 Westerners have gone to join ISIS in its bloody quest to establish an Islamist state in Iraq and Syria , said Nicholas Rasmussen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center . Analysts and U.S. officials agree : ISIS is skilled at luring Westerners , attracting far greater numbers than al Qaeda . How is it doing this ? ISIS recruits are often young -- sometimes disillusioned teenagers trying to find purpose and make their mark . "  The general picture provided by foreign fighters of their lives in Syria suggests camaraderie , good morale and purposeful activity , all mixed in with a sense of understated heroism , designed to attract their friends as well as to boost their own self-esteem , " counterterrorism expert Richard Barrett wrote last year in a report called "  Foreign fighters in Syria . " Fawaz Gerges , professor of Middle East studies at The London School of Economics , put it more bluntly : "  ISIS provides these deluded young men and women with an adventurous trip . " Many recruits come from educated , well-to-do backgrounds , like 25-year-old Abu Anwar of Britain . He said he had no problem leaving a comfortable lifestyle to join ISIS . "  I 'm from the south of England . I grew up in a middle-class family , " he told CNN . "  Life was easy back home . I had a life . I had a car . But the thing is , you can not practice Islam back home . We see all around us evil . We see pedophiles . We see homosexuality . We see crime . We see rape . " The names : Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West Some are lured by the possibility of dying as a martyr so they can enjoy a sumptuous afterlife . Others may succumb to more tangible promises . ISIS loyalists are told they will receive gifts from Allah , wrote Aqsa Mahmood , a young British woman who left Scotland to join ISIS and now is an ISIS recruiter . Such gifts include "  a house with free electricity and water provided to you due to the Khilafah  the caliphate or state  and no rent included , " Mahmood wrote . ISIS ' slick propaganda videos resemble trailers for Hollywood action movies . One hourlong video showed a collection of bombings , executions , kidnappings and beheadings . As one roadside bomb blasts a vehicle into the sky , two men in the background of the video chuckle . ISIS now has the most sophisticated propaganda machine of any terrorist organization , said Matthew Olsen , former director of the National Counterterrorism Center . "  It turns out timely , high-quality media , and it uses social media to secure a widespread following , " he said . Even the U.S. State Department admits ISIS ' propaganda prowess "  is something we have not seen before . " "  It 's something we need to do a lot more work on , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said last month . "  We are seeing 90,000 , I think , tweets a day that we 're combating . " "  We are way behind . They are far superior and advanced than we are when it comes to new media technologies , " Maajid Nawaz , a former jihadi and author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism , " told CNN last year . " ... It is very attractive for angry young Muslims when they see these sorts of videos and they hear language that resonates with them . " The slick strategy offers a big edge over al Qaeda . ISIS "  has proven far more adept than core al Qaeda -- or any of al Qaeda 's affiliates -- at using new media tools to reach a broader audience , " Rasmussen said . Recruits are also being lured by ISIS ' success in its endeavor to create an Islamic state , analysts say . The intelligence community determined that ISIS ' battlefield successes gave it "  some recruitment success , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in September . "  Militant groups across the Muslim world see the success ISIS has had so far in Syria and Iraq and opt to join it -- often leaving behind organizations plagued by infighting , " CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen wrote in a CNN.com column . "  This is a political cult using religion and a perversion of Islam as the shield , " said Steve Hassan , founder of Freedom of Mind , a group dedicated to exposing destructive cults and cult behavior . "  But in fact , it 's a systematic effort to create an army of basically tranced-out followers . " That type of brainwashing is what turned Canadian Damian Clairmont into an ISIS militant , said his mother , Christianne Boudreau . "  It 's so easy for them to get to our children , to access our children , " she said . Clairmont died fighting in Syria last year . While ISIS ' recruiting success gets a lot of attention , it is hardly drawing a huge percentage of young Westerners . About 130 Canadian citizens have traveled to the Middle East to join ISIS , Canada 's intelligence agency estimated last year . About 1,200 French fighters have joined ISIS as well . Roughly 600 British nationals are believed to have gone to Iraq and Syria , according to research groups , along with another 600 from Germany . In the United States , National Intelligence Director James Clapper has said 180 Americans have tried to go to fight in Syria . But it 's unclear how many of those were attempting to join ISIS . Once foreigners go to Iraq or Syria to join ISIS , their odds of going back to their families can be slim . Video clips of foreign jihadists burning their passports show that many have no interest in returning home . Western leaders acknowledge there 's work to do . "  It needs every school , every university , every college , every community to recognize they have a role to play , we all have a role to play in stopping people from having their minds poisoned by this appalling death cult , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said last year . The U.S. government is trying to step up its efforts to counter ISIS propaganda by beefing up a small State Department agency to make it the heart of the fight against the militants ' messaging . "  We 're seeing their approaches continue to evolve , " Psaki , the State Department spokeswoman , told CNN . "  We need to continue to make sure ours are evolving and we 're combating it in the most strategic way and using every interagency resource . " But she acknowledged that the United States still has a lot to do . "  We 're really going to pick it up now , " Psaki said . "  We have new people in charge of the office . And we will see what happens over the coming months . " Several anti-ISIS efforts are already in place . Some European countries have laws that penalize membership in groups such as ISIS , said Barrett , the counterterrorism expert . And U.S. State Department official Richard Stengel said an anti-ISIS messaging campaign has helped prevent youths from joining . "  They 're reading the messages , they 're hearing the messages -- not just from us but from the hundreds of Islamic clerics who have said that this is a perversion of Islam , from the hundreds of Islamic scholars who have said the same thing , " Stengel said in October . But Barrett said some officials might not be doing as much as they think . "  Policymakers often underestimate the impact of what is happening in these closed circles even as they overestimate the impact of their own . " CNN 's Josh Levs , Joshua Berlinger , Paula Newton , Jethro Mullen , Catherine E. Shoichet , Mariano Castillo , Laura Koran and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	ISIS has a penchant for producing slick videos that resemble trailers for Hollywood action movies Analyst : Many recruits lack a sense of belonging ; some want a lavish afterlife by dying as a "  martyr " Hundreds from the UK , Canada , France and the U.S. are suspected of going to join ISIS
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Leading Republicans warned Sunday that the Obama administration 's $ 800 billion-plus economic stimulus effort will lead to what one called a "  financial disaster . " The country will "  pay dearly " if it executes the president 's stimulus plans , Sen. Richard Shelby says . "  Everybody on the street in America understands that , " said Sen. Richard Shelby , the ranking Republican on the Senate Banking Committee . "  This is not the right road to go . We 'll pay dearly . " Shelby , of Alabama , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the package and efforts to shore up the struggling banking system will put the United States on "  a road to financial disaster . " But Lawrence Summers , the head of the administration 's National Economic Council , said Republicans have lost their credibility on the issue . Watch Republicans criticize the stimulus bill " "  Those who presided over the last eight years -- the eight years that brought us to the point where we inherit trillions of dollars of deficit , an economy that 's collapsing more rapidly than at any time in the last 50 years -- do n't seem to me in a strong position to lecture about the lessons of history , " Summers told ABC 's "  This Week . " President Barack Obama , his advisers and the Democratic leaders of Congress argue the roughly $ 830 billion measure will help pull the U.S. economy out of its current skid . Much of the package involves infrastructure spending , long-term energy projects and aid to cash-strapped state and local governments . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reported last week that the measure is likely to create between 1.3 million and 3.9 million jobs by the end of 2010 , lowering a projected unemployment rate of 8.7 percent by up to 2.1 percentage points . But the CBO warned the long-term effect of that much government spending over the next decade could "  crowd out " private investment , lowering long-term economic growth forecasts by 0.1 percent to 0.3 percent by 2019 . In a concession to Republicans , about a third of the bill involves tax cuts . But the measure is expected to have only minimal GOP support when it goes to a scheduled vote early this week . Watch South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford warn of "  disastrous consequences " The version of the bill that passed the House of Representatives had no Republican votes . "  We need to spend money on infrastructure and on other programs that will immediately put people to work . But this is not it , " said Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , last year 's GOP presidential nominee . Senators reached a tentative agreement Friday on a compromise bill largely negotiated by a handful of moderate Republicans whose votes are needed to prevent a filibuster . But McCain told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that the package should have been about half the size of the one now before senators , and should be balanced between tax cuts and spending . "  We 're going to amass the largest debt in the history of this country , by any measurement , and we 're going to ask our kids and grandkids to pay for it , " he said . The stimulus bill includes about $ 45 billion in transportation spending , much of which can be spent on projects "  that can be implemented immediately , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood told CNN . LaHood , a former Republican congressman from Illinois , said he would talk to his former colleagues on Capitol Hill "  and do all that I can to persuade them that this bill really will put people to work . " He said he invited state transportation chiefs to Washington for a Wednesday meeting on how to create jobs using funding from the stimulus bill . "  There are n't going to be any boondoggles . This money will be spent correctly , by the book , with no shortcuts , " LaHood said . The administration is also readying a second phase of the financial bailout program launched by the Bush administration last fall . Shelby said Obama and his advisers need to address the staggering problems in the U.S. banking system first . "  Until we straighten out our banking system , until there is trust in our banking system , until there 's investment there , this economy is going to continue to tank , " he said . Shelby also has been critical of other efforts by the federal government to help the struggling economy , including legislation that would have provided a bailout to the auto industry . But Sen. Kent Conrad , the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee , told CBS the current recession -- which has already produced an unemployment rate of 7.6 percent -- is in danger of a deep downturn "  like we saw in the Great Depression . " "  If there is a failure to give a significant boost to this economy , this crisis will only deepen and become far more serious , " said Conrad , D-North Dakota .	Sen. Shelby : Package plus bank bailout will put U.S. on "  a road to financial disaster " Shelby : Economy "  will continue to tank " unless banking system is addressed first Crisis will deepen without significant economic boost , Democratic senator tells CBS Sen. McCain : We need to spend money to create jobs , but not this way
CNN  -- Kenyans worldwide called for unity Monday by singing the national anthem in unison -- a rare gesture in a continent facing violent uprisings for leaders to step down after decades in power . Citizens in the nation and other parts of the world took a break at 1 p.m. Kenyan time  5 a.m. ET  to collectively sing the hymn . Drivers pulled over on the side of the roads while crowds gathered at malls and busy intersections to sing the anthem . The singing drifted over the bustling capital of Nairobi , where lunchtime rush hour noise includes honking car horns and loud music blaring from stores . Organizers said the grassroots effort is aimed at promoting unity in the east African nation , where ethnic violence left more than 1,000 people dead after disputed elections four years ago . "  The whole point is to unite Kenyans in one action and provoke reflection about personal responsibility , " said organizer Al Kags . "  We decided to go with the national anthem because it is the main prayer that binds us together . It 's a clarion call that transcends all boundaries -- physical , mental , tribal , you name it . " Francis Mwiwa , 29 , crawled out of bed to join in the singing from the Toronto suburb of Brampton . "  At the very least , I hope singing the national anthem together jolts regular Kenyans into looking at the big picture , " Mwiwa said . "  Ethnic and tribal differences are obsolete . Instead of fighting amongst ourselves , we should be busy competing with the rest of the world . " The movement started on social media , and later expanded offline . It comes as much of Africa and the Middle East -- including Libya and Yemen -- are embroiled in violent protests demanding changes in leadership . Uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt have led to the toppling of long-term leaders after decades in power . However , the Kenyan effort is not an uprising , organizers said . "  Those nations are going through what we went through in 2002 , " Kags said , referring to the election of a new president after strongman Daniel arap Moi stepped down following 24 years in power . His retirement sent throngs of citizens dancing in the streets of the capital , Nairobi . "  We all have our different situations , " Kags said . "  In a way , we are ahead of the game . We do n't have to deal with dictatorship , and I know a few years down the line , they will be done with regimes and calling for unity . " Organizers say it will be an added bonus if it sends a warning to the government that the youth can organize without their help . "  I hope it also lets them know that we can get together and intellectually influence each other , " said Antony Mwangi , another organizer . Mwangi said that the movement is "  simply a social cause " and not a call to arms . "  Our government may not be perfect , but at the very least , we are a democracy , " he said . Kenya is East Africa 's largest economy and provides an important buffer of stability against the volatile Somalia and Sudan . In 2007 , the nation 's disputed election sparked ethnic violence . It pitted supporters of incumbent President Mwai Kibaki against those of challenger Raila Odinga , who was later named prime minister in a power-sharing agreement . Youth in the nation have turned to social media to call for an end to ethnic division , and demand reform and accountability from the government .	The singing is a rare gesture in a continent facing violent uprisings It is not a call to arms , according to organizers Kenya 's president has been in power since 2002 "  The national anthem is the main prayer that binds us together , " an organizer says
CNN  -- Iranian protesters have found a new outlet to mobilize and take action . The presidential election has proved how much opposition supporters can demand change without necessarily taking to the streets . Just give them a computer and an Internet connection and watch what they can do . Supporters of defeated Iranian presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi protest in Tehran on June 13 , 2009 . At the height of the protests and disorder in Tehran on Saturday and Sunday , Twitter was used to give graphic accounts to a worldwide audience - even if they were a maximum of 140 characters . Tweets from "  Change for Iran " were among several that offered real time updates : " ... my friend saying more than 100 students arrested , I ca n't confirm this but the numbers are high . bastards just attacked us for no reason , I lost count of how much tear gas they launched at us ! ... we have now some students with urgent need of medical attention I 'm calling out to all ppl who can come here do n't leave us . " Some Iranians are already veterans on social networking sites with loyal followings . They offer the world a unique voice : free , unfiltered and very different from what the Islamic Republic of Iran 's media propaganda offers viewers and readers . Internet service is available in Iran but it is still in its infancy . Available in homes , on hand-held devices and in select cafes , the Internet is slow and unreliable at times , says blogger and aspiring journalist Ali from Tehran , a supporter of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mossavi . This makes services such as Skype almost impossible to operate . Watch the role technology has had in the election " Still , it provides users with an outlet to the outside world as the country waits for broadband and wider wireless coverage . With the absence of text messaging and mobile services -- both were cut off across the country on and around election day and were still blocked on Sunday -- Twitter proved to be the most reliable communication technique between people inside Iran and millions of others on the outside thirsty for any update . Twitter has enabled people to express to the world their hopes for the elections , excitement at the chance of exercising their right to vote , jubilation in President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's camp and shock and disappointment among Mossavi 's supporters . Now they 're keeping the Twitterverse ablaze with information about Moussavi , his challenge to the election results and his intent to request their annulment . Moussavi 's supporters comfortably outnumber Ahmadinejad 's on Twitter but both are represented . Facebook is also very popular in Iran , says Ali . He wholeheartedly believes that Facebook was the reason behind what he describes as a successful campaign by President Ahmadinejad 's main rival . Ali says Moussavi campaign managers organized supporters , planned gatherings and garnered support through Facebook pages dedicated to the Reformist candidate . "  His Facebook page got huge amount of fans on it , pictures spread extremely fast , " says Ali . It was used on Saturday and Sunday to organize and announce street protests , to send out warnings about police activity , but especially to keep followers abreast of his whereabouts . They were the first to talk about his forced house arrest . President Ahmadinejad also jumped on the social networking bandwagon ahead of the race . However , his popularity there pales in comparison to that of Moussavi . Both candidates ' pages remain a main source of information for updates and breaking news . In fact we 've seen many cases of news breaking on Facebook first while confirmation came later , including Moussavi 's house arrest and Ahmadinejad 's planned addresses . According to Iranian bloggers , website filtering falls under the oversight of the Intelligence Ministry in conjunction with the Ministry of Information and Iran 's judiciary . Bloggers complain that at times the ministry filters words like "  violence , " "  unrest " and "  democracy . " Recently , Ali believes the censors were filtering content based on a candidate 's name . Moussavi supporters claim filtering particularly targeted their candidate after his popularity soared and authorities feared he would pose a serious challenge to Ahmadinejad . Another challenge for Iranians comes from the U.S. Because of its sanctions against Iran , some services like video conversations are not allowed . So , it 's a tap dance sometimes to figure out the best way to talk to someone in Iran . People do n't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced . They do n't like e-mails as they can leave a trace . They do however feel comfortable with services like Google Talk . They find it safe , as no one can see what they look like and with common Iranian first names like "  Ali " and "  Shahrzad " , as my main contacts are named , they find a way to communicate with the world as few Iranians have done before .	Iranians protesting presidential election use Internet to mobilize and take action Twitter used to give graphic accounts of protests to a worldwide audience Social networking sites offer the world a unique voice : free and unfiltered People do n't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced
CNN Student News  -- September 30 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Chicago , Massachusetts & Washington , D.C. China Puerto Rico Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
New York  CNN  -- In the first two days back from his Martha 's Vineyard family vacation , President Obama gave two speeches on two important subjects . The first was a four-minute address from the Rose Garden on Monday on the economy . This was obviously a quickly thrown together speech to let the country know that even though the economic indicators , to quote the Washington Post , "  trended from bad to worse " while the president golfed and relaxed , his team was aware of them . We all come back a little rusty , and hopefully relaxed , from our vacations , and certainly the president and his family are entitled to theirs . But this speech offered nothing new on the most important subject of concern to voters , who in two months may alter the political makeup of the Congress and change the way this president can do things for the remainder of his term . The president slammed the Republicans one more time . This is his campaign theme , and obviously it is n't working . Besides , the more he blames the Republicans , the more difficult it will be to work with them in January , when they may have a majority or at least a lot more clout in the Congress . Saying his economic team was working on identifying new ways to boost the economy , the president said he would provide details "  in the days and weeks to come . " It raises the obvious question : What has the administration been doing in the weeks and months just past ? It may not matter if the administration proposes any new measures on the economy , especially if they would require a vote in Congress . I can promise you , Mr. President , in the heat of a campaign battle royal -- in which your congressional team is on the brink of a disaster unlike any that Democrats have faced since 1994 -- in the "  days and weeks ahead , " they are going to be focused on doing nothing except trying to get re-elected and running as far from you and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi as possible . The second speech was given from the newly decorated Oval Office on Tuesday night in prime time . It was to celebrate the "  Campaign Promise Kept " : the withdrawal of combat troops from Iraq . I could n't quite figure out what the speech was about . Our combat troops moved out of the cities of Iraq last summer and have n't been in real combat since the success of the surge much earlier . There still is n't a functioning government there and may not be for months to come . Mr. President , you need to fill in the blanks about what you meant when you said , "  Our combat mission is ending , but our commitment to Iraq 's future is not . " It was appropriate to thank our troops and military leadership . It was a nice gesture to tell the country that George W. Bush supported our troops and loved our country , and obviously was committed to our national security . It would have even been more appropriate to say that the program he and Secretary Robert Gates laid out is the one the president implemented without change , and it seems to have worked . It would have been an accurate statement to remind people that we were withdrawing our troops because of a Status of Forces agreement signed in December 2008 by Bush and Iraq President Nuri al-Maliki to do so -- and not because Obama had promised this in his campaign . The Iraq government insisted that we withdraw all of our forces by December 31 , 2011 . I hope we can . We certainly will know by then whether the Iraq government can stabilize and whether the Iraq army and police can keep the peace . If not , the president has another tough decision to make . We signed an armistice in Korea in July 1953 -- and we still have nearly 30,000 troops there . Let 's hope that 's not the outcome here . The president said : "  Now is the time to turn the page . " But , as in his speech on the economy , he raised several issues that will need to be clarified "  in the days and weeks ahead . " He gave the clear impression that now that we are finished with the "  bad war " in Iraq , his term we can focus on the good war , Afghanistan . "  Because of the drawdown in Iraq , we are now able to apply the resources necessary to go on offense -LSB- in Afghanistan -RSB- . " I am sure that the more than 100,000 troops fully engaged under the leadership of Gen. David Petraeus already think they are on the offense and did n't realize they were being bogged down by Iraq . But the president could n't leave it there . He had to return to politics , because every speech will be political between now and November 2 . He went on to say : "  As we wind down the war in Iraq , we must tackle those challenges at home -LSB- jobs , deficits , energy independence and education -RSB- with as much energy and grit and sense of common purpose as our men and women in uniform who have served abroad . " The war was expensive , not only in terms of the soldiers who were killed and injured but in the trillion-plus dollars spent on it . But if the president thinks the nation and the world are in this economic mess because of a war he did n't want to fight and did n't support , we are in worst shape than I thought . We still have expensive obligations to those men and woman who so bravely served us . It 's not like we can close down the Pentagon and use that money to build more buildings to house Energy and Education Department employees . Now that Iraq is fixed -- and in a few weeks we will hear how the president and his team plan to get the economy moving again -- we now move on to solving the crisis in the Middle East . Lots of luck ! Like most Americans , I want my president 's focus to be on the economy . In a few short weeks , we Americans get to exercise our voice and vote for a new Congress . I promise our voice and our message will be a lot clearer than these two pedestrian speeches the president just made . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	President Obama made two speeches in first two days after vacation Ed Rollins says the president 's speech on economy had no new ideas Rollins says speech on Iraq left questions unanswered He says it does n't make sense to blame our economic problems on the Iraq war
CNN  -- Michigan 's Supreme Court issued an order Tuesday allowing lower state courts to "  exercise reasonable control " over the appearance of witnesses and parties , a rule change proposed after a Muslim woman refused to remove an Islamic garment in a small claims court . A niqab is a garment that covers the entire face and head , except for the eyes . The order allows courts "  reasonable control over the appearance of parties and witnesses " so as to "  ensure that the demeanor of such persons may be observed and assessed by the fact-finder and ensure the accurate identification of such person . " The order , which amends a rule of the Michigan Rules of Evidence , is effective September 1 . The amendment was prompted by a 2006 small claims case in Michigan filed by Ginnah Muhammad , who wore a niqab -- a garment that covers the entire face and head , except for the eyes -- to court , the order said . According to the Detroit Free Press , Muhammad was contesting a $ 2,750 repair bill from a car rental company because she said thieves broke into the vehicle she was using . As she prepared to testify , Judge Paul Paruk asked her to remove her niqab , saying he needed to be able to see her face to tell whether she was telling the truth , according to court documents . "  I ca n't see certain things about your demeanor and temperament that I need to see in a court of law , " Paruk said at the time . Muhammad refused , saying that she was a practicing Muslim and would take off the veil only in front of a female judge . Paruk said a female judge was not available and told Muhammad she could remove the niqab or have her case dismissed -- she chose the latter , according to court documents . She sued the judge in federal district court , which declined to exercise jurisdiction over the case . Muhammad has since appealed to the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals . The Michigan chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations issued a statement saying that if the amended rule was interpreted broadly , it could "  not only adversely affect Muslim females who wear the head scarf , but could also be used to violate Jewish , Sikh , and other people of faiths ' constitutional rights under the First Amendment while in Michigan courts . " It added , "  As a civil rights advocacy group , CAIR-MI is concerned about individuals who may be reluctant to report crimes or petition the courts out of fear that their religious rights may be violated . " Other religious groups , as well as the American Civil Liberties Union and domestic violence groups , had opposed the rule change , the Detroit Free Press reported . The ACLU had asked that the court add a sentence to the rule saying "  that no person shall be precluded from testifying on the basis of clothing worn because of a sincerely held belief , " the newspaper reported in May . CAIR also said that it would announce on Wednesday the filing of a federal lawsuit against a Wayne County , Michigan , judge who had asked a Muslim woman to remove her head scarf in court . "  The Muslim plaintiff felt so intimidated by the judge 's repeated demand that she eventually removed her head scarf , " the organization said in a statement released Tuesday . CAIR-MI is a co-plaintiff in the lawsuit being filed on behalf of the Michigan woman , who is a member of the group . Last month , the Judicial Council of Georgia adopted a policy allowing religious head coverings in the state 's courtrooms , the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported .	Courts allowed "  exercise reasonable control " over appearance of witnesses Change prompted by case in which judge demanded woman remove face-covering Rule says "  demeanor " must be observable , "  accurate identification " ensured Council on American-Islamic Relations , ACLU oppose the change
CNN  -- The Syrian government has told the parents of a missing American journalist that it does n't know where their son is , the man 's father said Monday at a news conference in Beirut , Lebanon . Austin Tice last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria reporting on the uprising there against the government of President Bashar al-Assad . He was reportedly preparing to leave Syria for Lebanon when he went missing , according to his family . Read more : Family working for journalist 's release plans visit to Lebanon In October , a shaky video surfaced on YouTube showing a man believed to be Tice surrounded by armed men walking him up a hill . Tice 's father , Marc Tice , said that family members have been in touch , "  directly and indirectly , " with Syrian government officials , but they have learned nothing about his son 's location despite traveling to Beirut to seek his release . "  We 're reaching out to everyone that we can get in touch with , " he said . Tice 's parents say they are willing to go to Syria if that what it will take to get their son back . "  We have no idea what will be required , and we would like to know from whoever is holding him what it is that we need to do , " Marc Tice said . Austin is the oldest of the couple 's seven children . "  We are a big , close family . We have all felt the void -LSB- of -RSB- his absence , " said his mother , Debra Tice . With the holiday season approaching , they are "  dismayed by the empty chair at our family table , " she said . "  We miss Austin . Knowing his smile , big laugh , great storytelling . " "  We ask whomever is holding Austin to treat him well , to keep him safe and return him to us as soon as possible , " Marc Tice said . "  Again , anyone that hears this , anyone that can help us find Austin , talk with him and get him back safely , please send us an e-mail . " The e-mail address is information@austintice.com . U.S. State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said Thursday that U.S. officials have no idea where Tice is but have enlisted the help of Poland , which represents U.S. interests in Syria as a "  protecting power " after the closing of the American Embassy in Damascus . Read more : Reports : Missing U.S. reporter held in Syria "  We continued to work through our various channels , including the protecting power , to urge the Syrian regime to be more forthcoming , " she said . Nuland previously said U.S. officials believe Tice was detained by Syrian officials in August as he was preparing to leave the country . Tice had smuggled himself into the country to report on the uprising . State Department officials have questioned the veracity of the October video , which purports to show Tice in the custody of rebels fighting the Syrian government . Debra Tice pleaded that whoever has her child think about their own family . "  Austin is a cherished son and beloved brother , " she said . "  If he were your son or brother , I ask , what would you do to find him and return him to your family ? "	Austin Tice 's parents urge anyone with leads to e-mail information@austintice.com Missing American journalist 's parents say they 'd go to Syria if necessary to find son They 've already gone to Lebanon to seek his release Father : Syrian government told family that it does n't know where missing journalist is
CNN  -- As if the heavy snow , ice and high winds from a major winter storm were n't enough , temperatures plummeted in the upper Midwest and elsewhere Wednesday , the National Weather Service said . The storm brought blizzard conditions to some areas as gusty winds and blowing snow created whiteout conditions across much of the upper Midwest and Great Lakes regions . Winds of at least 35 mph and rain to the east caused hundreds of flights to be delayed or canceled , leaving travelers stranded . Parts of the Southeast received more than 6 inches of rain , causing flash flooding . A 28-year-old woman was killed in Omaha , Nebraska , Tuesday night when a truck plowing snow in a parking lot backed into her , police spokesman Jacob Bettin said . She was pronounced dead at the scene . In Nashville , Tennessee , early morning winds -- possibly up to 50 mph -- toppled the Christmas tree at the Tennessee State Capital , said CNN affiliate WKRN-TV . A facilities supervisor said the tree had been secured with hooks in concrete . An Arctic high pressure system or air mass began moving southward from Canada on Wednesday , bringing with it frigid temperatures . The temperature in Portland , Oregon , was 12 degrees , breaking the previous record of 15 degrees , set in 1972 , said Jonathan Wolfe , meteorologist with the weather service 's Portland bureau . By Wednesday afternoon the temperature in Minneapolis , Minnesota , was 9 degrees . It was minus 2 degrees in Denver , Colorado ; and 11 in Kansas City , Missouri . Forecasters warned that places such as North Dakota and Minnesota could get dangerous wind chill readings of 25 to 35 degrees below zero . Madison , Wisconsin , received more than 17 inches of snow , prompting the University of Wisconsin to cancel classes for the first time since 1990 . The campus police department estimated 3,000 students descended onto the school 's Bascom Hill Wednesday afternoon for a snowball fight , with a few minor injuries reported , according to the university 's Web site . Watch snow blow outside a hotel in Wisconsin Early Wednesday morning , students began forming a giant snowball about six blocks from the campus and rolled it to an intersection near the university , former student Chad Krueger told CNN 's iReport . How is the weather where you are ? Send an iReport The storm prodded Nicole Stec of Janesville , Wisconsin , to finally buy those new tires her car had been needing . "  I 'm a procrastinator , so I put it off for a while . But now it 's time because there 's snow on the ground , " Stec told WISC-TV at a Janesville tire shop . "  It 's my Christmas present from Santa , apparently . " Elsewhere , Des Moines , Iowa , received more than a foot of snow , with more to come , and Freeport , Illinois , had 11 inches . Schools were also closed across Iowa and parts of Minnesota . Passengers heading to cities in snow-bound states were left waiting . High winds in the Northeast were creating flight delays of more than an hour Wednesday night . New England also was expected to get dangerously low temperatures as snowfall was tapering off by Wednesday evening . Areas in Maine were expected to get an additional 4-8 inches of snow overnight after as much as 10 inches fell earlier in the day , the weather service said . Connecticut 's Department of Transportation deployed all of its 632 trucks to clear roads of snow that prompted numerous school closings Wednesday morning , CNN affiliate WFSB-TV reported . Watch iReporters ' shots of the storm Flash floods struck north-central Alabama where rescuers ended up in a tree early Wednesday when their boat overturned as they tried to help a motorist whose car was swept into a rain-swollen creek , said the administrative assistant for Morgan County 's Emergency Management Agency . "  The people were all right , " said Rita Weeks . "  They waited in the tree until people could come get them . " Earlier Wednesday , in the same county , a man hung on to a bridge over a creek after his vehicle was swept away by floodwaters , Weeks said . Forecasters said the area got more than 3 inches of rain before it stopped Wednesday morning , but flood advisories were still in effect Wednesday night for much of the South . The storm left its mark on the West on Monday and Tuesday . Alpine Meadows , California , near Lake Tahoe received 42 inches of snow before the storm moved out of the region Tuesday afternoon . Pagosa Springs , Colorado , received 33 inches , and Flagstaff , Arizona , got 30 , with similar amounts throughout the Rockies . CNN 's Larry Frum and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	NEW : Gusty winds and snow created whiteout conditions across upper Midwest and Great Lakes regions NEW : About 3,000 University of Wisconsin students descend on field for snowball fight , campus police say Schools were also closed across Iowa and parts of Minnesota
CNN  -- Diego Forlan grabbed two goals as Uruguay thrashed Paraguay 3-0 in Buenos Aires to secure a record 15th Copa America title . The striker , who plays for Spanish club Atletico Madrid , struck in each half to become Uruguay 's joint highest scorer in history after Liverpool forward Luis Suarez had broken the deadlock after only 11 minutes . It marked Uruguay 's first Copa America triumph since 1995 and they can now boast one more title than hosts Argentina , who they beat in the quarterfinal . In a one-sided final at the Estadio Monumental , Uruguay almost took the lead in the third minute when Diego Lugano 's header was blocked on the line by Paraguay keeper Justo Villar . But just eight minutes later Suarez found the net and notched his fourth goal of the tournament . Collecting a ball inside the area Suarez brought it down and cut inside on his left to fire a shot into the bottom corner , via a slight deflection off defender Dario Veron . Suarez put Forlan through on goal just after the half hour mark but Villar made a crucial save to keep the deficit at just one goal . But he could do nothing four minutes before halftime as Egidio Arevalo Rios robbed Nestor Ortigoza of possession and teed up Forlan who made no mistake with a powerful drive . Paraguay tried to force the pace in the second half and hit the crossbar after Nelson Valdez 's shot was tipped onto the woodwork by Uruguay goalkeeper Nestor Muslera . But Paraguay 's threat faded after that and they were thankful to another fine save from Villar to prevent Sebastian Eguren putting the game beyond doubt . That feat was left to Forlan who finished a fine breakaway move in the dying seconds as he finished smartly following Suarez 's precise header and pulled level with Hector Scarone as Uruguay 's all time leading goalscorer on 31 .	Uruguay seal the Copa America title after crushing Paraguay 3-0 Diego Forlan grabs two goals and Luis Suarez one as Uruguay record a comfortable win Uruguay now have a record 15 Copa America titles , one more than Argentina It is their first Copa America victory since 1995
CNN  -- The other day I was engaged in a rather thoughtful conversation with one of my CNN co-workers , an Ivy League-educated , award-winning journalist who 's admired for her compassion and charm . She asked me to fart . Now , I do n't want to embarrass this individual by sharing her name , but it was definitely Jessica Ravitz . The conversation went like this . Jessica : "  I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but I sort of want you to do it . " I fart . It was silent . Me : "  How 's that for you ? " Jessica : "  No ! You did n't ! " Me : "  Oh , I did . " Jessica : "  Really ? Seriously ? I ca n't smell a thing . " We give each other high fives . You see , I was wearing Shreddies , a new flatulence-filtering underwear that recently made news all over the Web . It was actually trending several weeks ago , and I was hoping to write about the product then , while it was still a big talker online . However , I 'm a serious journalist with literally hours of experience , and I felt it just was n't enough to simply mention that these things exist . I had to actually try them out . So they shipped me a fresh pair from the UK . At least I hope they were fresh . Either way , they 're not now . Eventually , they arrived . And after a three-day trial run on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday of this week , it 's finally time for a serious conversation about farts . Which is great , because it 's basically my beat . "  We 've got breaking fart news ! Bellini , you need to fly to Pittsburgh right away . " "  Will this assignment require pants ? " So , yeah , we 're talking about farts . And I apologize for nothing . In fact , if you think this topic is gross or lowbrow , just consider some words by His Holiness the Dalai Lama . In June , while speaking to an audience in Australia , he explained that , at our core , all people are the same . And then he shared this wonderful anecdote . "  When in aeroplane , sometimes this gas problem comes , " he said . "  Then , you see , it is difficult to let out . So , occasionally , you see , look around , then you go like that . " His Holiness leaned over to the side as though he was letting out a big ripper and then proceeded to laugh like a 12-year-old boy . Because farts are funny . Even to the Dalai Lama . THE PRODUCT Shreddies were invented by a British industrial designer named Paul O'Leary , and the name comes from a colloquial term used for underwear that originated with the British Forces . I was told that soldiers would literally shred their underwear from marching so much . Hence , Shreddies . But these Shreddies are nothing like the worn and torn undies that the name suggests . Or the ones I bought from Target in 2003 , which are still clinging to life . Here , O'Leary actually worked with lingerie designers from De Montfort University 's lingerie design course  where the hell was this when I was in college ?  and utilized something called Zorflex , an activated carbon cloth that has traditionally been used in chemical warfare suits . So , basically , it 's like attaching a military-strength Brita to your butt . Though you definitely do n't want to try this at home unless you long for an awkward conversation at the emergency room . " ... and that 's how it happened . " "  Sir , I 'm not a doctor . This is the cafeteria . " But there does n't appear to be anything bulky or dangerous about this Zoflex cloth , which is perfectly comfortable , sewn naturally right into the rear of the underwear . And as you release gas , the stink particles -- that 's a technical term -- get trapped in the magic science filter , allowing you to confidently eat all sorts of horrible things and fart in the company of friends and strangers . Which is exactly what I did . THE EXPERIMENT Day One started out like any other : sad and mired in self doubt . But after peeling myself out of bed , I made some coffee , had a banana and drank down some dark chocolate almond milk before leaving for the office . This would be my standard breakfast throughout the experiment , a more or less healthy start to the day . Everything else was pure terror . We 're talking pizza and tacos and soda . And when all that was n't working , I thought , "  Welp , a heaping pile of roast beef ought to do it . " And it did . A little . But , how was I to know if the Shreddies were actually working ? This experiment needed a control . So , I did what absolutely had to be done . I cupped one . Pause for completely unrelated question : Why do n't women like me ? Now , for the sake of the more puritanical among our audience , I wo n't go into too many more details . Just know that the experiment was working and , over the next two and a half days , I would continue this aggressive line of eating , consuming everything from shepherd 's pie to a dank , soupy bowl of cheap fast food chili . All in the name of journalism . And here 's the end result : These things work . I put Shreddies through the ultimate endurance test , and they lived up to their promise . And Jessica was right there to back me up . "  I ca n't say I 've ever asked someone to fart for me , and I 'm not particularly proud that I did , " she said . "  But someone had to fact-check what Jarrett was doing . Thankfully , those undies work . " I apologize for nothing . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Shreddies are a flatulence-filtering underwear made in the UK Designer used Zorflex , activated carbon cloth traditionally used in chemical warfare suits Bellini : They work
Boston  CNN  -- Outside the Planned Parenthood Clinic in Boston on a recent winter day are the regulars -- a small , devoted team of anti-abortion activists , handing out fliers and urging patrons to hear their message : "  Save that child . " "  Every life is precious , protect that life within you . " "  Please change your mind . " Several people pray silently nearby . Clearly marked on the sidewalk , nearly 12 yards from the front doors , is a painted boundary , a line the protesters can not cross . By state law , their First Amendment rights stop there . A metaphoric line -- testing the competing limits of what has become a constitutional fight between free speech and public safety -- will now be surveyed by the nation 's highest court . The justices on Wednesday will step back into the larger national debate on abortion , when it holds oral arguments on a challenge to a Massachusetts law that established tighter buffer zones around facilities that perform the procedure . A ruling is expected by June . The state 's "  selective exclusion law " makes it a crime for speakers other than clinic "  employees or agents ... acting within the scope of their employment " to "  enter or remain on a public way or sidewalk " within 35 feet of "  a reproductive health care facility . " Anti-abortion activists say the law has kept them from effectively talking with patients approaching the clinic entrances . But a federal appeals court a year ago said "  the right of the state to take reasonable steps to ensure the safe passage of persons wishing to enter health care facilities can not seriously be questioned . " Supporters said the law was established to protect clinic staff and patients from what they said was harassment and intimidation from protesters . Some anti-abortion protests have turned violent in the United States . "  Massachusetts ' buffer zone statute strikes the right balance between ensuring safe access to medical facilities and preserving freedom of expression , " said state Attorney General Martha Coakley . "  This law has enhanced public safety in a fair and constitutional manner . " Her office will defend the 2007 law before the justices . Its defenders said most clinic workers believe the current buffer zones have eased concerns of clinic staff , and created a more welcoming , calming environment for women seeking to terminate their pregnancies . Demonstrators have appeared regularly at clinics in Boston , Springfield , and Worcester and say they are unfairly singled out for exclusions on public property . Reasonable restrictions , or unfair treatment ? "  The prohibition applies even to speakers who are entirely peaceful , do not engage in any obstructive or intimidating conduct , " said Mark Rienzi , a Catholic University law professor representing the group , "  and seek only to proffer leaflets , engage in consensual conversations , or even just stand and display a sign or pray . " Lead plaintiff Eleanor McCullen is a lifelong Catholic who generally spends mornings two days a week peacefully spreading her anti-abortion message at the Greater Boston Health Center . With a large cross around her neck , the 77-year-old grandmother often uses a baby stroller as a prop , along with a portable DVD player with images of a fetal ultrasound . On a recent day , she was seen standing at the edge of the yellow semicircle ringing the Boston clinic on Commonwealth Avenue . The current state law strengthened earlier restrictions that had created a 6-foot protective bubble around clinic patrons approaching the facility . Abortion rights supporters said it was ineffective , since they claimed it led to blocked entrances , and a gauntlet of protesters surrounding patients and staff . The last time the high court took a close look at the issue was in 2000 , upholding Colorado 's broad "  no approach zone " regulations . Similar to the earlier Massachusetts law , protesters were kept at least eight feet from anyone within 100 feet of any health care facility . "  Private citizens have always retained the power to decide for themselves what they wish to read , and within limits , what oral messages they want to consider , " said Justice John Paul Stevens for the 6-3 majority . "  This statute simply empowers private citizens entering a health care facility with the ability to prevent a speaker , who is within eight feet and advancing , from communicating a message they do not wish to hear . " But , in dissent , Justice Antonin Scalia said anti-abortion protesters were singled out for special , unfair treatment . "  Does the deck seem stacked ? You bet . As I have suggested throughout this opinion , today 's decision is not an isolated distortion of our traditional constitutional principles , but is one of many aggressively pro-abortion novelties announced by the Court in recent years , " he said . "  Uninhibited , robust , and wide open debate is replaced by the power of the state to protect an unheard-of ` right to be let alone ' on the public streets . " Ruling could affect other types of protest Municipalities in Montana , Colorado , Florida , California and elsewhere have since enacted similar "  fixed " and "  floating " buffer zone laws for clinics . What the high court decides could also affect a broader range of free speech arenas , over issues such as war , taxes , corporate bailouts and elections . The justices last month heard arguments in a separate appeal involving a longtime anti-war protester kept from spreading his message along a public right-of-way at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . The sidewalk outside the U.S. Supreme Court itself is the scene of daily anti-abortion protests sponsored by Bound4Life , where mostly young Christian adults stand silent wearing red tape across their mouths with the handwritten word "  LIFE . " And next week 's 41st anniversary of the Roe v. Wade high court ruling legalizing abortion will attract thousands of marchers on both sides of the issue outside the court , just across the street from the Capitol . The Massachusetts case is McCullen v. Coakley  12-1168  .	Supreme Court will hear First Amendment case Wednesday Case is about protest buffer zone near abortion clinics in Massachusetts Zone supporters say it protects against harassment Critics say it limits their right to talk with patients
CNN  -- Bewildered residents in rural Tennessee are grappling with fear and confusion as they try to understand why someone would send a bomb in the mail to their neighbor . Retired lawyer Jon Setzer , 74 , died Monday after "  an unknown package exploded , " the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said . His wife , 72-year-old Marion Setzer , was seriously injured and airlifted to Vanderbilt University Medical Center . Law enforcement sources say that a note was recovered from the bombing scene and was believed to have been attached to the bomb . Investigators on Wednesday were cataloging evidence of a blast that was powerful enough to extend through much of the house and destroy windows . A barrage of federal , state and local authorities descended on the neighborhood near Lebanon , Tennessee , about 30 miles east of Nashville . The FBI , U.S. postal inspectors , the Department of Homeland Security and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are also investigating . So far , they have n't publicly disclosed a motive . Those who knew the couple well are astonished . "  It does n't make sense at all , " family friend Ken Caldwell told CNN affiliate WTVF . "  When I 've heard it said that it was targeted , I thought , well , they must have targeted the wrong person . " Michael Knight , spokesman for the ATF in Nashville , said investigators are looking at how the package was delivered and whether there were any threats to the family . They have n't identified suspects , he said . Investigators are testing items in the home , including labels and pieces of paper , to determine whether they were part of the package or perhaps previous deliveries . One bomb expert , Joseph Vince , a former ATF agent , said investigators will looking at whether revenge may be a motive . "  Clients that did n't like the way they were represented -- or they represented some other client -- now this is payback , " said Vince , director of criminal justice programs at Mount St. Mary 's University in Maryland . "  With a note in there , it very well may be some intentional revenge or something , that the attacker , the bomber , wanted to send them a message , " Vince added . "  This is a very important piece of evidence , because now you may have handwriting . " The victims took the package from the mailbox about 200 yards away from the house , which is in a rural area , Knight said . The blast occurred near the front door of the house , though it 's not clear whether just inside or right at the door . Authorities said they have n't seen any copy-cat incidents or secondary suspicious packages , which often happens in these cases . A dedicated servant Before he retired , John Setzer worked on bankruptcy and other cases . His former law partner , George Cate Jr. , said Setzer was a dedicated servant and a pastor at "  little country churches . " The two met while serving in the Army Reserve . Cate could n't understand why anyone would want to target Setzer or his wife . "  I could hardly believe what I was being told because nothing had happened in my recent times to make me anticipate anything of this kind happening , " Cate told CNN affiliate WZTV . "  John and Marion Setzer are a great couple , and they have dedicated themselves to taking care of other people . " He remembered when the couple 's son John was killed by a dog at age 3 . After that , whenever the Setzers saw a news report about a child 's death , they "  would immediately go and visit with the parents of that child and share something of what they had gone through . " Cate and Setzer became partners at the law firm bearing their names between 1979 and 1991 . Setzer worked on general civil cases and also specialized in living trusts , his former partner said . Cate said Setzer 's love of law became hampered by his health problems , which made it difficult to respond to all his clients ' needs . Setzer continued working from home after leaving the office , but eventually decided to quit practicing , Cate said . Terrified of the mailbox On the Setzers ' quiet rural street , neighbors were terrified about whether a bomb might arrive in their mailbox . Some told WZTV that officers went house to house Monday night to check mailboxes for devices . "  Of course it makes us a little anxious to go check our own mailbox when we see something like this happen , because normally boxes are delivered and mail is delivered , and you do n't question it , " neighbor Tony Dedman told the affiliate . Postal Inspectors have investigated an average of 16 mail bombs over the past few years , the U.S. Postal Inspection Service said . By contrast , the Postal Service has processed more than 170 billion pieces of mail each of the past few years . The agency said mail bombs often have similar characteristics , such as a fake or non-existent return address . They often have excessive postage attached to the package because the sender does n't want to deal face to face with a window clerk . An $ 8,000 reward is available for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone responsible for the attack on the Setzers . Anyone with information can call 1-800-TBI-FIND . CNN 's Evan Perez and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities recover a note from bombing scene , law enforcement sources tell CNN NEW : "  With a note in there , it very well may be ... intentional revenge , " expert says NEW : Victims took a package from mailbox about 200 yards from rural house John Setzer , 74 , died after a package exploded in his house
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Last weekend 's 143 million-pound beef recall -- the largest in U.S. history -- was initiated not simply because cattle that could n't walk made it into the U.S. food supply , but because they were n't reinspected after becoming immobile . Since 2004 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture has required that cattle be able to walk to slaughter after an inspection by a USDA veterinarian -- largely as a precaution against bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or mad cow disease . If the animal goes down after a veterinarian 's pre-death inspection , which consists of observing the animals "  at rest and in motion , " veterinarians must reinspect the animal before it can enter the food supply , according to a USDA spokesman . This rule was put in place when the first cow with mad cow disease was found in Washington state at the end of 2003 . The symptoms of mad cow disease are n't always the obvious stumbling or odd posture seen in video of mad cows from England over a decade ago . The USDA says they also include changes in temperament , like nervousness or aggression , and decreased milk production . Cattle that ca n't walk to slaughter on their own are deemed "  downer cows " because they may be sick . U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer said Sunday in a statement that the recall was prompted "  because the cattle did not receive complete and proper inspection " and were determined to be "  unfit for human food . " Only rarely does a cow pass pre-slaughter inspection , somehow become unable to walk , and then get re-examined by a veterinarian and pass for slaughter , according to Dr. Kenneth Petersen of the USDA . He says a likely explanation for such situations is an animal falling and injuring itself to the point where it ca n't walk . The animal could break a leg because "  it stepped onto a broken concrete floor or runs into a fence post , " he suggested . That "  would n't be an illness , " added Peterson , the USDA 's executive associate for regulatory operations , office of field operations for the Food Safety and Inspection Service . Last year , the USDA decided to make permanent an exception to the "  no downer cattle should enter the food-supply rule " by allowing a downed cow to go to slaughter if it had already passed pre-slaughter inspection and then passed another inspection after it lost its ability to walk . "  We proposed this to the public , got the comments , and this led to the final decision that the animals be evaluated on a case-by-case basis and could pass for slaughter , " Petersen tells CNN . However , some strongly disagree with this decision , including Dr. Linda Detwiler , a former USDA veterinarian who trained other veterinarians to detect mad cow disease . She says the USDA should not make any exceptions to the downer cow rule . In making her case , she submitted several public comments that said that in the two cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy reported by the USDA , neither was set aside as a BSE suspect . "  The Washington State case -LSB- in 2003 -RSB- was passed for human consumption because she was determined to have a calving injury , " Detwiler said . A Canadian cow , also in 2003 , was condemned because it had pneumonia . BSE was discovered in the cow only after it was rendered and its meat and bone meal distributed . Detwiler expressed concern about the USDA 's chances of finding the disease before slaughter . Based on a Harvard risk assessment , agency inspectors expect to catch 95 percent of BSE cases in cattle that can walk , and 85 percent in cattle that ca n't . But in the United Kingdom , where the overwhelming number of BSE cases have been seen , veterinarians say they 've been able to detect only half of BSE cases in pre-slaughter inspections . Petersen insists that few animals go down after pre-slaughter examination . He says , "  My veterinarian makes that determination " if a downer animal can go on to slaughter -- "  they are under no pressure " to let the animals pass inspection because "  the vets are n't interested in the plant 's disposition . " But Detwiler says it 's not possible to see the underlying neurological illnesses that could lead cattle to stumble , fall and break a leg . "  If I know the animal 's history , then I can probably tell you what it went down with , " she says . "  But if I see it for the first time , -LSB- as the USDA inspectors probably would -RSB- , when it 's down ... you do n't know the underlying cause . " So far , 200 people worldwide have become infected with mad cow disease from eating beef from an infected cow . It can take many years for symptoms to appear . In the U.S. , the first of three documented cases of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , the human form of mad cow disease , was a young woman named Charlene Singh . She got sick 13 years after living in England , where she probably consumed tainted beef at the height of the mad cow scare . The California plant at the center of the current controversy , Westland/Hallmark , is now shut down , and the San Bernardino district attorney has filed charges against two employees . One , Daniel Navarro , was taken into custody and has posted bail . The other , Luis Sanchez , remains at large . The plant can no longer operate because the USDA withdrew its inspectors after the Humane Society of the United States provided video of animal abuse at the plant and the USDA learned that some animals , so-called "  downer cows , " were slaughtered without reinspection . Without USDA inspectors on site , the plant is not allowed to operate . The USDA says that the food supply is safe and that only two cows in the U.S. have been found to have BSE . Officials credit the low number to Food Safety and Inspection Service regulations prohibiting downer cattle from entering the food supply . Of the 143 million pounds of recalled beef produced by the Westland/Hallmark Meat Packing Company , 37 million pounds were provided to the federal food and nutrition programs . Consumers wondering whether they consumed some of the meat probably do n't know because the USDA does n't release the names of retailers who sold recalled meat , something the nonprofit Center for Science in the Public Interest has been pushing for since the first mad cow scare in 2003 . The USDA tells CNN that changing this rule is a priority for Dr. Richard Raymond , undersecretary for food safety , and "  we expect that the rule will be published and implemented this year . " E-mail to a friend Miriam Falco is a managing editor of CNN Medical News .	USDA : Cattle must be able to walk to slaughter ; reinspection required for "  downers " Rule was instituted to protect food supply from threat of mad cow disease Critics say no downer cattle should be allowed into food supply
CNN  The Palestinian issue dominates international news coverage of Israel , with images of missiles , terror tunnels and failed peace negotiations frequently splashed across TV screens and newspapers . So you would think that security would be the central issue in Tuesday 's Israeli elections , right ? The short answer is no . Poll after poll in Israel has confirmed that the public views the high cost of living as the top issue for voters in this election . Indeed , even a majority of Israel 's Arab citizens within the pre-1967 borders -- most of whom identify with the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza -- view socioeconomic issues as the priority for Tuesday 's parliamentary poll , rather than advancing the Israeli-Palestinian peace process . What explains this apparent indifference ? First , despite what the polls suggest , peace and security actually remain the most important underlying issue in Israeli politics . The main parties recognize that they need to cross the credibility threshold on this issue , and they therefore include former high-ranking army officers and diplomats among their ranks . Whatever they may say to pollsters , many voters continue to vote primarily on this issue . However , because most such voters are staunch supporters of the right or the left and have already made up their minds , they are unlikely to shift their vote between these two blocs , so their votes are not in play in these elections . This was n't always the case -- a significant group of voters once swung back and forth between right and left . However , for some time now , the majority of Israelis have shared a consensual position on the Palestinian question . In principle , they continue to favor a two-state solution and they are prepared to make extensive compromises in exchange for genuine peace -- greater concessions than in the 1990s at the height of the peace process . However , in practice , that same majority believes that even if an Israeli government were to agree to more compromises than they view as acceptable , Israel would still not obtain the minimum required in terms of peace and security to make the deal worthwhile . Why ? Experience has certainly taught middle Israel to be deeply skeptical of the possibility of peace with the Palestinians , irrespective of the complexion of the Israeli government . In 2000 , for example , a Labor-led government agreed to a Palestinian state in all of Gaza , 97 % of the West Bank and Arab East Jerusalem , including the holiest site in Judaism , the Temple Mount . Yet not only did Yasser Arafat reject the deal , but the Palestinians launched an unprecedented wave of suicide bombings against Israeli civilians . Add in the fact that subsequent unilateral Israeli withdrawals from south Lebanon and Gaza resulted in tens of thousands of rockets being launched at Israeli civilians , and the 2008 decision by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to reject Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's peace proposal -- a plan similar to the Clinton parameters that Arafat rejected in 2000 -- and Israeli wariness is easy to understand . Since then , leaks from the recent round of peace talks have only served to strengthen the Israeli public 's skepticism -- the Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu was reportedly prepared to accept a Palestinian state based on the 1967 borders , only for Abbas to refuse to engage positively with a wide-ranging American peace outline including this element , according to Israel 's Channel 2 , even when he was presented with it directly by President Obama himself . As a result of all this , much of the electorate is determining its vote based on other issues , where voters hope political change in Israel can actually make a real difference to their lives . Indeed , the most likely candidate for kingmaker following the elections is Moshe Kahlon 's centrist party Kulanu , whose agenda is to lower the cost of living in Israel .  Kahlon won fame in Israel by dramatically lowering the cost of cell phone use through the introduction of wide-ranging competition into the market . In keeping with the mood of the public , the ex-Likudnik presents a moderate image on the Palestinian issue and has appeared to try to steer away from discussing issues of peace and security . In fact , one senior Israeli official told me that Kahlon 's team has been advised against even mentioning the word "  peace " for the rest of the campaign . That says it all .	Israel holds parliamentary elections on Tuesday Jonathan Rynhold : Despite polls , peace and security key issue
CNN  -- It should have been the proudest moment in his life -- instead Ahmed Abdul Zaher finds himself embroiled in controversy and his career in doubt after scoring the goal that helped his club win this year 's African Champions League . The 28-year-old 's first reaction -- prior to being wrestled to the floor by his Al Ahly teammates in celebration -- was to hold out four fingers in a gesture that has become synonymous with ousted Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy . Known as ` Rabaa ' , which means four , the salute is considered the symbol of defiance against military rule and refers to the Rabaa Al-Adawiya mosque where supporters of Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood clashed with the army in August , resulting in hundreds of deaths . Even though Zaher claims his actions had no political meaning , the tense political situation in Egypt was highlighted by the strength of the sanctions meted out to him by Al Ahly 's board on Tuesday . The forward has not only been put up for sale but also barred from competing in next month 's FIFA Club World Cup -- a tournament that carries special significance in Africa since it affords teams a rare chance to play with the world watching while testing themselves against some of the planet 's best players . In a statement that explained the club 's "  firm rejection of mixing politics and sport " , Al Ahly also revealed that Abdul Zaher will also miss out on any financial bonus gained from the club 's continental triumph . Supporters of the stringent sanctions will argue that Abdul Zaher 's actions could have had serious repercussions as Cairo hosted a major football match with fans in attendance for one of the few times since last year 's stadium disaster in Port Said . The rampage in February 2012 left 74 people dead and 1,000 injured after the Port Said home team , al-Masry , defeated a visiting Al Ahly side . A majority of the victims in the stadium rampage were Al Ahly fans , with many believing they had been targeted after their role in the revolution had helped topple longstanding President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . "  I did do the sign but did not intend any political incitement for any group or any fan , " Abdul Zaher said in a statement . "  I meant it in mourning for the Egyptians who died in Rabaa  al-Adawiya square  , including citizens , soldiers and policemen . " Zaher 's comments come despite his status as one of the few football stars who participated in the Muslim Brotherhood 's sit-in at Rabaa al-Adawiya Square . Zaher is not the first Egyptian sportsman to suffer because of his association with the gesture . Last month , an Egyptian kung fu champion who wore a T-shirt with the Rabaa sign was barred from representing his country and stripped of a medal he had won at a tournament in Russia . Zaher 's agent said the controversial celebration had its roots in personal tragedy that stemmed from the August actions , when security forces stormed the pro-Morsy camp a month after the military had ousted the Islamist leader . "  What he meant by the sign is that he was mourning one of his friends who died during the events surrounding the clearing of Rabaa al-Adawiya square in August , " said Mohammed Sheiha . "  Abdul Zaher wrote an apology to the Al Ahly club 's board of directors and the Egyptian public for showing the Rabaa sign during the match between Ahly and Orlando Pirates . " Zaher 's goal in Cairo , which clinched an aggregate 3-1 victory over the South African side as Al Ahly landed a record eighth continental crown , sealed their place in the Club World Cup . Africa will stage the tournament for the first time when Morocco hosts an event that begins on 11 December , with Al Ahly playing Asian champions Guangzhou Evergrande three days later . Champions League winners Bayern Munich and South America 's Copa Libertadores holders Atletico Mineiro , who boast Ronaldinho in their number , are among those contesting the seven-team event .	Al Ahly forward Ahmed Abdul Zaher indefinitely suspended after controversial gesture Egyptian put up for sale by club and barred from playing in FIFA Club World Cup Footballer celebrated African Champions League final goal with political salute
Los Angeles  CNN  -- MIchael Jackson and Dr. Conrad Murray tried to recruit an anesthesiologist to join them on his comeback tour , according to testimony in the AEG Live wrongful death trial . Murray arranged the meeting in March 2009 in which Jackson asked Dr. David Adams to travel with him to London , Adams testified . Adams said that after he offered to take the job for $ 100,000 a month guaranteed for three years , Murray stopped communicating with him . "  I texted basically , you know , ` what 's going on , I 'm on board , " Adams said . "  And no response . " Just weeks later Murray accepted an offer from an AEG Live executive to be Jackson 's personal physician on his "  This Is It " tour for $ 150,000 a month . Murray told investigators he began infusing Jackson with the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat his insomnia in April , a treatment that eventually killed the pop icon . Debbie Rowe : Paris Jackson ` has no life ' since father 's death Jurors in the trial of Jackson 's last concert promoter viewed the video depositions of Adams and two other witnesses Wednesday ahead of a six-day break in testimony . Jackson 's mother and children are suing AEG Live , contending the company 's executives negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's propofol overdose death . AEG Live 's lawyers argue it was Jackson -- not its executives -- who chose and controlled Murray and that they had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving the singer in the privacy of his bedroom . Jackson : ` Help me get my rest ' Adams , who administered propofol to Jackson during cosmetic dental procedures in Las Vegas four times in 2008 , said Jackson and Murray never told him what his duties would be if he took a job with the tour . "  I said ' I do n't sing and I really ca n't dance , so to do what ? " Adams testified . "  He says ` Well , you know , I 'm entertaining , I 'm jumping around , I 'm doing this . Every once in a while I need an IV , " Adams testified . "  And he says ' I just need you to help me get my rest . ' They were pretty vague , but on hindsight I know what they were talking about . " Jackson and Murray , however , never mentioned that administering propofol or treating his insomnia would be one of his responsibilities on tour , the anesthesiologist testified . Jackson never asked him to do anything medically inappropriate , Adams said . Adams hinted that there was jealously on Murray 's part when Jackson courted him for a tour job . "  Murray really looked like he had just lost his best friend " when Jackson was discussing it , Adams said . "  Oh , he was truly upset . " Defense expert : Promoter did n't pressure Jackson 's doctor Murray told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in April that Michael Jackson had "  his own stash " of propofol in his home before he began treating him with it . "  I did not agree with Michael , but Michael felt that it was not an issue because he had been exposed to it for years and he knew exactly how things worked , " Murray said . "  And given the situation at the time , it was my approach to try to get him off of it , but Michael Jackson was not the kind of person you can just say ` Put it down ' and he 's going to do that . " Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live was negligent for not checking out Murray 's distressed financial situation before agreeing to pay him $ 150,000 a month . It created a conflict of interest that led Murray to ignore safe practices and his responsibility to Jackson 's health , they contend . AEG Live executives also ignored a series of red flags that should have warned them that Jackson 's health was deteriorating under Murray 's care and another doctor should have been called in , they argue . Adams was in a Las Vegas operating room on June 25 , 2009 , when he learned Jackson had died . "  I texted Murray ` I 'm sorry to hear what happened . Take care , ' " he said . Murray never responded , he said . Dr. Murray 's connection to Michael Jackson Murray did respond that night to a phone call from another Adams . Jeffrey Adams is the person who initially introduced him to Michael Jackson in February 2007 when the singer needed a doctor to treat one of his children in Las Vegas . Jeffrey Adams -- no relation to Dr. David Adams -- had known Murray for years and the cardiologist had treated his father 's heart ailment in 2007 . His video deposition was shown to jurors Wednesday morning . He testified that he called Dr. Murray to offer his help after he saw on television that Jackson had died . "  I told him he had taken care of my father for me and I would be at his side until this situation was complete , " Adams testified . Murray told him that night "  he was going to need a lawyer , " he said . He and Murray "  did everything together " from June 26 , 2009 -- a day after Jackson 's death -- until November 7 , 2011 -- the day Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter , he said . Jeffrey Adams said he served as Murray 's bodyguard for more than two years without pay . Despite his close relationship to Murray , Adams said he has not spoken to the doctor since he was put in handcuffs in the courtroom and taken to jail . Murray is expected to be released from jail on October 28 , 2013 -- after serving two years of a four-year prison sentence , according to his lawyer . Doctor 's competed to give Jackson painkillers , ex-wife says Murray and Jackson : "  Seemed very odd " Murray 's relationship with Michael Jackson "  seemed very odd , " according to Las Vegas plastic surgeon Dr. Stephen Gordon . Jurors also watched his video deposition Wednesday . "  He presented himself as being Mr. Jackson 's personal physician and spokesperson to some extent " when Murray accompanied Jackson on an appointment to have cosmetic filler put in his face on May 14 , 2007 , Gordon said . Gordon had treated Jackson several times four years earlier , but not when Murray was with him -- and he even wrote a $ 1,300 check to pay for the procedure , he said . "  The whole situation seemed very odd and it did n't add up and that caused me not to fully trust the person , " Gordon testified . "  I felt like a successful cardiologist does n't go around being somebody 's private physician and speaking for them , in my experience . " Jackson , however , appeared to be capable of dealing with doctors on his own , Gordon said . "  He gave me the impression that he was used to telling doctors what he wanted them to do . " Jackson personally called him in 2002 when he was looking for a doctor in Las Vegas to give him collagen and Botox treatments , he said . "  At first I thought it was somebody playing a prank , one of my friends fooling around , " Gordon said . He realized it really was the pop star when he called him back at his hotel -- asking for him under his alias "  Michael Jefferson , " he said . Wednesday was the 74th day of testimony on the trial , which the judge predicted would last another month .	"  I just need you to help me get my rest , " Michael Jackson tells anesthesiologist Anesthesiologist David Adams offered to go on tour with Michael Jackson for $ 100,000 a month Jackson 's offer to Dr. David Adams made Dr. Murray "  truly upset , " Adams says Murray "  presented himself as being Mr. Jackson 's personal physician and spokesperson " in 2007
CNN  -- Samoa will switch its driving from the right side to the left side of the road on Monday in a move opponents have called ill-conceived and said will lead to dozens of wrecks and fatalities . Proponents tout the change , which no other country has attempted since the 1970s , as making economic sense . Thousands of angry Samoans protested in the streets , and one group -- People Against Switching Sides  PASS  -- unsuccessfully challenged the constitutionality of the change in the country 's Supreme Court . Opponents have also aired nightly ads depicting roadsides littered with crosses and vandalized newly-erected signs warning drivers to "  keep left . " Bus drivers have demanded the government compensate them to change the location of passenger door and the steering wheel . The nation has declared Monday and Tuesday holidays for people to adjust to the change and banned alcohol sales for the next three days . The government said it will strictly enforce the use of seat belts and has built speed bumps to prevent wrecks . Until now , most of the cars in the Pacific island nation have been imported from the United States , where drivers travel on the right side , and Samoa 's neighbor , American Samoa . The change will allow the thousands of expatriate Samoans who live in their nation 's biggest neighbors , New Zealand and Australia , to send used -- and therefore , cheaper -- cars to their families back home . In both those countries , drivers travel on the left side of the road . "  It narrows the bridge between the rich guys and people like us , the lower class people from the rural areas , " Fa'aleaga Young Yen told CNN affiliate TVNZ in New Zealand . Watch people speak out about the switch " "  Just the freight alone cost me US $ 3,500 from Hawaii , " he said . "  To send the same kind of car from New Zealand ? NZ$ 1,400  US$ 968  . " About 70 percent of the world 's population drive on the right side of the road . But many countries -- primarily those that were once British colonies -- remain to the left . Many have gradually switched over the years , including Sweden in 1967 , Iceland in 1968 , Nigeria in 1972 and Ghana in 1974 . All have gone from driving on the left side to the right . Samoa 's case seems to be unique because it is steering in the opposite direction .	Samoa declares Monday , Tuesday holidays for people to adjust to change Supreme Court rejected constitutional challenge to change Drivers in Samoa 's biggest neighbors , New Zealand and Australia , use the left side Sweden , Iceland , Nigeria and Ghana switched from driving on left side to the right
During a recent visit to Guaicaipuro , a traditional market in Caracas , the Venezuelan capital , a fresh meat refrigerator sat empty at a grocery . Many consumers looking for beef , poultry or fish had to go home empty-handed . The produce section looked well stocked with plenty of fruits and vegetables . But consumers shopping at Guaicaipuro complained that prices , even for basic products , had skyrocketed . Alba Varela , a housewife and resident of Caracas , went to the market looking for cornmeal to prepare hallacas , a traditional Venezuelan dish , especially this time of the year . "  It 's fundamental , because other than pork it 's the main dish for us during December , " Varela said . "  It seems there 's a shortage . " Maria de Abreu , another Caracas resident doing her grocery shopping , complained that she could n't find powdered milk . "  It 's regulated and you can only get a can per person . And so what people do is that they bring along a friend and another and yet another and that 's how they get enough for their family , " de Abreu said . There 's also a shortage of coffee . As soon as new supplies arrive , shoppers say , they have to run to the store to get some because it runs out very quickly . Venezuela has the highest annual inflation in Latin America . It soared to 27.6 percent in November . In an effort to curb this inflation , the government set price caps on as many as 15,000 goods in late November . The price of 18 products , including toothpaste , soap and diapers , which are considered "  basic , " was immediately frozen . Consuelo Cerrada is in charge of the government agency that advocated for consumers . She says they 're doing everything possible to improve the situation . "  The Bolivarian government is working in coordination with all of the agencies responsible for food distribution to guarantee that there will be food available , " Cerrada said recently in an interview for Venezuelan state television . Bolivarian is a reference to the country 's official name , The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela . Venezuelan authorities blame the shortages on some producers who have allegedly hoarded regulated products . According to officials , in a raid conducted in November , they found more than 200 tons of powdered milk hidden in a warehouse . President Hugo Chavez says this is an example of what his government has to deal with and places the blame on what he calls "  speculators and hoarders . " "  We have to get to the bottom of this . This is not about half measures or quick fixes . We have to apply the Constitution to the root , the way it should be done , " Chavez said , reacting to the case of the hidden powdered milk . Venezuela is not a poor country . It 's the thirteenth largest producer of oil in the world and an important producer of minerals . But Jennifer McCoy , director of the Americas Program at the Carter Center in Atlanta says the country is paying for the centralization of the government and a socialist agenda pushed by President Chavez . "  His goal that he has stated is to deepen the revolution , to deepen and expand socialism and to show , I think , the country his vision of his socialist experiment , " McCoy said . Jorge Roig , vice president of Fedecamaras , a Venezuelan association that pulls together businesses , including many producers of basic goods , blames the new government price caps and regulations for the shortages . "  People are doing panic buying . With these price caps , people are buying more than they need because they know many factories are not going to be able to produce their products . Production has gone down because there are price caps , production is not cost-effective and we have these conditions that discourage investment , " Roig said . It 's not just ordinary people who are worried about the situation . Under government guidelines published last month , producers of basic products , including foreign companies , must now register with government regulators and disclose how they produce , distribute and market their products , a move that has caused great concern among domestic and international companies operating in Venezuela .	Consumers often go home empty handed because of food shortages Inflation soared to 27.6 percent in November The government caps the prices of as many as 15,000 products Venezuela , a major producer of oil and minerals , is not a poor country
CNN  -- Six years ago , hip hop icon Wyclef Jean released a soulful tune called "  President , " in which he fantasized about what it would be like to lead a country . That fantasy may come closer to reality when the Haitian-American recording artist announces exclusively on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that he intends to run for president of Haiti . Jean , who had been an outspoken proponent for Haiti through his Yele Foundation , told CNN Tuesday that plans to make the major announcement on King 's show Thursday night . Born in Haiti , Jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of The Fugees , a U.S.-based hip-hop and reggae group . He performs now as a solo artist . He was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the devastating earthquake there in January . He told CNN late last month that he has filled out the necessary paperwork to make a run at the country 's highest office . In February , Jean said he has tried to promote Haitian issues in his work . "  I 've always promoted Haiti in my music , since my first album with the Fugees where we talked about what Haitians are going through and about human rights for people around the world , " Jean said . "  This is how we came in the game , we never thought we were going to be music stars because the topics we talked about were not very popular in mainstream music . " Jean said he was born in "  a small village in Port-au-Prince . " He moved to Brooklyn , New York , when he was nine , he said . "  I had never been inside an airplane before -- me and my brother looked out the window and saw nothing but a bunch of lights , " said Jean . "  I told my brother , ` Look , we 've arrived , it 's the city of diamonds , ' because it was shining so much . " Jean said he grew up in housing projects in Brooklyn , "  one of the roughest areas at the time . " He was able to grow from those humble beginnings to be a top recording star and now he says he will try to help rebuild his birthplace . iReporter : ` The dangers of a Wyclef presidency ' The January 12 earthquake in Haiti killed more than 220,000 people , destroyed 60 percent of government infrastructure and left more than 180,000 homes uninhabitable . While little is known about Jean 's political agenda , some of the lyrics from his song "  President " may provide a sneak peek : "  Instead of spending billions on the war . I can use that money , to feed the poor . "	Jean was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the earthquake He says he has filled out all the necessary paperwork Jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of The Fugees
CNN  -- On its face , the now-viral photo of Denmark 's Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt taking a "  selfie " with President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameronâ $ " at a memorial service for anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela , no lessâ $ " looks wildly inappropriate . And no question , President Obama has taken a lot of media heat for participating .  It did n't help that the expression on Michelle Obama 's face appeared to be disapproving . In the realm of funeral etiquette , those two factorsâ $ " the memorial service , the glowering wife -- taken together , scream "  social faux pas . " But there was more to the story behind the image . Roberto Schmidt , the photographer who captured the photo told the "  Today " show that he shot the picture during a jovial , celebratory portion of the service . He said people were dancing , singing and laughing as they celebrated the life of Nelson Mandela . Michelle Obama , he said , had been laughing along with the trio seconds before he snapped the image . Understood . But a few questions remain . Is it proper to take a selfie at a funeral ? And was President Obama out of line for doing so -- because he is the president , you know . Under the circumstances Schmidt described , I 'd say the selfie was not necessarily in poor taste for the President . But was it poor form ? As President of the United States , a man watched and scrutinized at every angle , he is no doubt very careful about how his behavior is perceived . He surely knew that picture would wind up pinging around the Internet and on the evening news and cleverly headlined front pages . Perhaps he wanted to send a message to the people , anyway , to say , "  Hey , I 'm just like you . " Now if he wanted to avoid the scrutiny altogether and send a more somber message to the public , he might have held off and joined in on the picture in a more private setting . The moment , however , did not seem to call for such discretion . What 's my bottom line ? President Obama 's behavior was appropriate for that particular occasion , for that particular culture at that precise moment . And what is the protocol for behavior at funerals for the rest of us : selfies and beyond ? Well , if you , too , happen to attend a funeral or memorial service at a stadium where the people are up dancing and singing and laughing in the aisles , then it 's perfectly fine to take a selfie with your seat mates . The key here is that there is a proper time and place for everything , and that 's where decorum comes in . That I would need to explain this will seem surprising to some , but this is , after all , a time when websites such as Selfies at a Funeral exist . So bear with me : Firing off a selfie during a solemn moment such as the prayer or scripture reading is highly inappropriate and terribly disrespectful . The same shot during the gathering or meal service afterward is all right . Taking photos within the confines of the church or synagogue or funeral home can be perceived as highly inappropriate . It is important to be aware of this and remain respectful of the family , the culture and the environment you are in . Funerals and memorials take on a different meaning from culture to culture ; some are very somber , others quite celebratory . It is our duty to be sensitive to the entire moment and in some cases it might be difficult to tell what that requires . Here 's a handy rule of thumb : To avoid offending , err on the side of caution and just hold off on that selfie until the funeral has ended . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elaine Swann .	Elaine Swann : Obama "  selfie " with Denmark PM at Mandela memorial looked inappropriate But photog said it was during celebratory part of service ; first lady had been smiling , too She says selfie appropriate for Obama , given circumstances , but not usually OK at funerals Swann : In church , synagogue , at services , selfies not OK etiquette . Wait until afterward
Atlanta  CNN  Bobbi Kristina Brown was moved to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital on Tuesday , sources close to the family said , but the daughter of singers Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston remained in a fight for her life after being found facedown in a bathtub over the weekend . Her family has been tight-lipped on the 21-year-old 's condition but on Tuesday night her father 's lawyer issued a statement . "  We are currently investigating the events that led to the hospitalization of Bobbi Kristina , " said Christopher Brown of Brown & Rosen LLC , lawyers for the performer . Bobby Brown said in a statement , "  We continue to request privacy in this matter . Please allow for our family to deal with this matter and give Bobbi Kristina the love and support she needs at this time . " After she was discovered unresponsive in her home in Roswell , an Atlanta suburb , she was rushed to the hospital where doctors placed her in a medically induced coma . As of late Monday , she remained on a ventilator in the intensive care unit , a source close to the family said . The status of her brain function wo n't be known until the sedatives are reduced , the source told CNN . "  Bobbi Kristina is fighting for her life and is surrounded by immediate family . As her father already stated , we are asking you to honor our request for privacy during this difficult time , " the Houston family said , thanking her supporters . The source close to the family told CNN that Brown 's eyes opened and closed a few times Monday , but that doctors told family members not to read too much into that movement . Doctors were trying to reduce the sedatives to check Brown 's brain function , but decided to keep her in the coma for now , the source said . The source added that Brown had some seizures on Monday . It was not immediately clear what medical significance these reported events have in Brown 's case . Bobbi Kristina , in her own words She "  was not breathing " when a man identified as her husband found her Saturday morning inside her townhouse in the Atlanta suburb . He called 911 and performed CPR until emergency crews arrived and took over , said police spokeswoman Lisa Holland . The spokeswoman said when Brown was found , she was "  unresponsive , meaning not breathing , no heartbeat . " In scanner traffic , emergency services could be heard describing an "  ECHO-level response " -- urgent and life threatening -- with "  possible cardiac arrest . " "  Twenty-one-year-old female in the bathtub , facedown . PD 's  police department 's  en route . " Brown was taken to a local hospital , where "  she is still alive and breathing . Other than that , I do n't know her condition , " Holland said over the weekend . A source close to the family told CNN on Monday that Brown was in "  really bad shape . " Everyone is "  hoping for the best , preparing for the worst " and "  praying for a miracle , " the source said . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . The incident report referenced a drowning . Police had been to Brown 's residence recently . Somebody reported a fight there January 23 , but nobody answered the door and officers found no evidence of an altercation , Holland said . Almost three years ago , Whitney Houston was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton hotel near Los Angeles , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy Awards party . A coroner ruled her February 11 , 2012 , death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . "  She encourages me and inspires me , " Houston once said of her daughter . "  When I look at her eyes and I see myself , I go , ` OK . I can do this . I can do this . ' " Brown was born in 1993 during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . The daughter of music royalty became a public figure during the mid-2000s reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " in which she frequently appeared alongside her parents and often had a front-row seat to their marital fireworks . Mother and daughter performed together on national TV in 2009 , when the two sang "  My Love Is Your Love " in Central Park on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Given the pair 's close relationship , it 's no surprise that Houston 's death was a major blow . Days after her mother 's body was found , a grieving Bobbi Kristina -- then 18 -- was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center because she was "  overwhelmed , " family friend Kim Burrell said . "  She loves hard , " Burrell said then of Bobbi Kristina . "  She 's going to be OK , and we 're going to see to it . " After Houston 's death , Bobbi Kristina talked of pursuing a career in acting and music , just like her mother . In 2012 , she reportedly lobbied for a role in a planned biopic of her mother 's life . Lifetime 's "  Whitney , " which was directed by actress Angela Bassett , debuted in January 2015 , but the Houston family was not involved . Brown did make her acting debut in 2012 on Tyler Perry 's show "  For Better or Worse . " Her performance in the small role won praise from Perry . "  She did a fantastic job , " he said at the time . "  And that kid has a such a future . She 's such an actor . " Even before her mother 's death , videos of Brown singing surfaced on YouTube and were quickly criticized by fans who felt her talent did not live up to Houston 's . Concerns that she may have substance abuse issues , as her mother did , intensified in July 2014 after a picture was posted on her Instagram account showing a young woman who looked like Brown appearing to be smoking from a bong . The image had previously made the media rounds two years prior . The caption read : "  This picture may be inappropriate but I want to make a connection with you all . Do n't worry this picture is n't recent just hear me out . Do you know what I feel ? I feel strange I ca n't feel any pain anymore . I do n't take any drugs as of recently . Things just happened . But then there is some situation that force me to do things and the impact I 'll feel pain . I did and I do . I was hurt . " Brown later denied that she posted the photo and tweeted that it was done by someone attempting to tarnish her image . Brown appeared on episodes of Lifetime 's brief reality show "  The Houstons : On Our Own , " which followed her life after Houston 's death . One of the show 's storylines revolved around Brown 's relationship with Nick Gordon , who had lived with Houston and her daughter since he was 12 years old . Brown reportedly got engaged to Gordon , and in January 2014 , she tweeted out a picture of wedding rings , presumably belonging to her and Gordon , along with the words , #HappilyMarriedâ $ cents SO #Inlove . "	Bobby Brown 's lawyer says he 's investigating "  events that led to the hospitalization " Bobbi Kristina Brown was found in a bathtub full of water over the weekend at her home Her mother was found dead in a bathtub at a California hotel in 2012
CNN  -- Want to highlight your wedding pictures or the first snapshots of your newborn on Facebook to make sure friends do n't miss the big news ? The social network announced on Wednesday that users in the U.S. will be able to promote their personal posts to friends for a fee , starting today . Although testing first started in New Zealand in May and has since rolled out to more than 20 countries , the feature is now available in the U.S. for the first time . The price to promote your news and updates ? About $ 7 , according to The Verge . Businesses are already able to promote their posts and get updates in front of more eyes for a fee , but personal updates still reach only a limited amount of friends on the site . Investing in a promoted post will increase the chance of someone seeing your post at the top of their news feed , the company said . SEE ALSO : Facebook : Here 's How You Pay to Promote Posts "  Sometimes a particular friend might not notice your post , especially if a lot of their friends have been posting recently and your story is n't near the top of their feed , " Facebook said in a blog post . "  When you promote a post -- whether it 's wedding photos , a garage sale , or big news -- you bump it higher in news feed so your friends and subscribers are more likely to notice it . " The option may also be of use to people looking to promote bands , parties and other events . What is your impression of personal promoted posts ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook users can pay to have their posts highlighted in friends ' feeds Promoting a post costs $ 7 , according to The Verge Businesses have already been able to promote posts for a fee
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Renault F1 team have shown a united front with Ferrari with a threat to boycott the 2010 Championship unless proposed rule changes are dropped by the sport 's governing body . Renault have now joined Ferrari in saying they will not race in 2010 unless proposed changes are dropped The decision comes in the wake of plans by the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  to introduce optional cost-caps and technical restrictions for competing teams . Renault stated on their official Web site that the decision by the FIA to introduce two sets of technical regulations has led to the team "  reconsidering its entry in next year 's World Championship . " Renault F1 Team Managing Director , Flavio Briatore said : "  We refuse to accept unilateral governance handed out by the FIA . If the decisions announced are not revised , we have no choice but to withdraw ... at the end of 2009 . " Are Ferrari and Renault right to serve the FIA with an ultimatum ? President of the team , Bernard Rey , added : "  We remain committed to the sport , however , we can not be involved in a championship operating with different sets of rules . " The controversy centers on plans for an optional cost-capping policy to operate next season which the FIA argued , in an April press release , would allow technical innovation to flourish without promoting a "  spending race . " It would mean that teams operating within a budget cap of $ 60 million would be free of technical restrictions , while those over this amount would not . The FIA believed this would attract new teams to join the sport and stated in April "  interest has been extraordinarily high from both existing teams and potential new entrants " to the idea . However , Ferrari and Renault fear this will create a two-tier competition with cars in the same race competing under different rules . Renault 's announcement comes after Ferrari - the only constructor to have taken part in every season since 1950 - confirmed they would not be entering a team for the 2010 world championships , for the same reasons on May 12 . "  Ferrari confirms its opposition to the new technical regulations adopted by the FIA and does not intend entering its cars in the 2010 F1 Championship , " the team said in a statement on its official Web site . The spotlight now turns to a crunch meeting between the teams and the FIA in London on Friday which will aim to resolve the growing crisis in Formula 1 . The furore comes despite F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone telling the Times newspaper that he did not envisage the Italian team carrying through its threat earlier in the week . "  Ferrari are not stupid , " he said . "  They do n't want to leave Formula 1 and we do n't want to lose them , so we 'll get to grips with it . "	Renault unite with Ferrari with a threat to boycott the 2010 Championship Decision is the result of a dispute with the sport 's governing body the FIA Ferrari 's uninterrupted participation in Championship goes back 60 years
CNN  -- We 're all thirsty and we do n't even know it . But an Estonian start-up called Jomi Interactive aims to solve this problem . Although they 're only in a developmental stage right now  Read : Give us your money !  , the company managed to turn more than a few heads online this week when prototypes of their new products were featured on TechCrunch and several other websites . The product is a Jomi band  or sleeve  . You attach it around your water bottle and it monitors your fluid intake , reminding you , with sounds and LED indicators , that , perhaps , its time to drink more water . Or , if you 've filled your Nalgene with vodka , then perhaps it 's time to stroll through the hallway naked , stealing office supplies . "  Dude , that 's my highlighter . " Naturally , the band will also sync up to your mobile device via Bluetooth so you can check your hydration stats . Presumably while you urinate for the next 30 minutes . What you might actually do with this water-consumption info is sort of a mystery , but I suppose sharing it with friends is no less ridiculous than pontificating over your fantasy football results . In fact , I 'd rather hear all about your fluid intake far more than how many fake points Tom Brady scored in your Week 3 win over the A-Town Booger Heads . Hopefully , unlike those super-fantasy nerds , Jomi fanatics will eventually give it a rest . Because the start-up claims their crusade is "  to make sure we never forget it . " "  It " being to drink water . That , or the Alamo . So , it 'll be interesting to see if this product eventually takes off . Especially since at least one similar product already exists in the market -- the HydraCoach . Now with the special Rutgers Edition ! When it 's time to drink , HydraCoach will call you a homophobic slur and launch basketballs at your head ! Operators are standing by ! Sadly , however , despite all these innovative devices , and despite the fact that water is so important to our health , I do n't think I 'll ever actually give up on Diet Coke . I 'm in the cult . And I 'm in it real bad . But not THAT bad . You see , the day you start selling black market copper wire to pay for Diet Coke is the day you realize you have a serious problem . And when you then find yourself missing your kid 's T-ball game to slug down 20-ouncers under a bridge with actual addicts , that 's when it 's time to officially re-evaluate your life . "  Hey , man , beat it ! This place is for serious drugs ! " Fortunately , for me , it never came to that . But there was certainly a semi-dangerous period in life where my body 's entire liquid intake consisted only of Diet Coke . And I say that without a hint of hyperbole . On a normal day I would drink three or four cans at work and then come home to literally chug out of a 2-liter bottle from the fridge . I 'm very classy . Chicks dig me . But they do n't dig me nearly as much as my dog , Mikey , who would anxiously stare up into my eyes as I power-blasted "  daddy 's medicine . " Mikey stared partly because I think he was amazed at what a disgusting , chemically infused human pig I had become . But he also stared because he was  and is  always a grateful recipient of the empty plastic bottle . Which , for a dog , is basically like getting a new Nintendo 64 every single day . You know , back when that was actually a relevant analogy . Of course , despite the 100 % scientific fact that Diet Coke is made from the tears of angels and unicorns , and carbonated by the gentle vibrations of Art Garfunkel 's voice , I believe -- though , some research does n't necessarily agree -- that a major negative side effect of this addiction is chronic dehydration . It 's fluid . But it 's not water . Either way , it probably was n't a smart way to live , and I was always parched . So I 've worked out some rules to help ease me back into healthy hydration . Mind you , they 're terrible rules , and I routinely bend them to achieve a far more important goal . Namely , to drink more Diet Coke . I 'm enjoying one right now . Loopholes . They 're everywhere ! The basic idea is that I can only have Diet Coke on the weekends and days off from work . However , business travel counts as a weekend . And , if Diet Coke is provided free as part of a work lunch or company event , that also negates the not-at-the-office rule . Additionally , Friday at 12:00:01 a.m. is when weekends officially start . And if I 'm going on vacation , the last actual day of work that week counts as a Friday . Other exceptions include national holidays , important televised soccer matches  including pre - and post-game analysis  , and whenever somebody says the secret magic word . Today it 's "  Synergy . " So , if you 're a betting man , the smart money is on another Diet Coke ! I also have a good feeling about the A-Town Booger Heads .	Jomi Interactive hopes their prototype band will encourage people to drink more water The band would use Bluetooth to snyc up to your mobile device to record stats Bellini on not drinking enough water : I 'm in the cult of Diet Coke
U.S. investigators have evidence that hackers stole the computer credentials of a system administrator to get access to Sony 's computer system , allowing them broad access , U.S. officials briefed on the investigation tell CNN . The finding is one reason why U.S. investigators do not believe the attack on Sony was aided by someone on the inside , the officials tell CNN . The revelation is part of what is behind the government 's conclusion that hackers operating on behalf of North Korea were responsible . The government is expected to publicly blame the reclusive regime as early as Friday . The hackers ability to gain access to the passwords of a top-level information technology employee allowed them to have "  keys to the entire building , " one official said . Washington outraged over Sony decision The access has led to some suspicion of perhaps an inside job . It 's a common tactic that hackers use , and cyber-attacks often look like inside jobs , the officials say . U.S. used signal intelligence and other means to trace the attack to North Korea , finding digital footprints that pointed to North Korea.â $ ` The statement to be issued as early as Friday morning will provide some of the evidence behind the U.S. government 's conclusion , but not all . Though officials say they are planning to lay blame on Friday , they have n't yet decided how to respond to the attack . The White House and other agencies are holding a series of high-level meetings to discuss the United States ' range of options , a senior official in President Barack Obama 's administration said . "  We do think it 's appropriate to respond , " the official said . Those options could include new sanctions against North Korea , another source said . White House press secretary Josh Earnest would n't confirm that the Obama administration has pinned the hack on North Korea , saying it 's still being investigated by the FBI and the Justice Department . He said the investigation is "  being treated as a serious national security matter . " "  There is evidence to indicate that we have seen destructive activity with malicious intent that was initiated by a sophisticated actor , " Earnest said . He said the United States ' response would need to be "  proportional , " and that national security officials considering how to respond are "  also mindful of the fact that sophisticated actors when they carry out actions like this are oftentimes , not always , but often seeking to provoke a response from the United States . " Opinion : Hollywood 's complete moral surrender A senior administration official said the White House did not pressure Sony to make the decision it announced Wednesday to pull the movie "  The Interview " -- which depicts the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un -- from theaters . "  There was no pressure . Absolutely not , " the official said , adding that consultations with Sony happened primarily in phone calls between the company and the FBI which were relayed to the White House . For all the restrictions the United States has already placed on North Korea , administration officials say there 's a lot further those penalties could go . The toughest option : The United States could restrict North Korea 's dollar-denominated trade by hitting Chinese banks that do business with Pyongyang -- a tactic used against Iran and , less comprehensively , against Russia after its incursion into Ukraine 's Crimea region . Other economic sanctions could also be considered , and the United States could finger North Korean individuals involved in the hack for criminal charges -- though that option , while still being considered , appears unlikely , an administration official said . "  At this point we are not prepared to official say who we believe was behind this attack , " Homeland Security Jeh Johnson told MSNBC on Thursday . "  I will say this : We do regard the attack on Sony as very serious . " Defector : North Korea deep into cyber warfare Johnson described it as a "  serious attack not only on individuals and a company but basic freedoms we enjoy in this country , " but did not want to label it terrorism . The administration is still discussing how to characterize the hack , sources said . Sources say it 's unlikely there will be an indictment right now , as was the case in the Chinese military hacking case early this year . One law enforcement source said "  in order to indict you have to have an idea of who the players are , " and at this point the investigation has n't yet revealed those details . The law enforcement source said the United States ' cyber investigation is moving at a speed that 's unheard of amid mounting pressure for the U.S. government to publicly point the finger at North Korea . Analyst : We underestimated North Korea The source said the Sony hack was similar to a cyber attack against South Korean banks last year , and that the coding was in Korean . A source familiar with the investigation says "  the tactics , techniques and procedures were right out of the North Korean playbook . " Sources with first-hand knowledge of the investigation said officials have n't ruled out the possibility that a Sony insider or former employee aided in the attack .	U.S. government officials are preparing to name North Korea as the culprit behind the Sony hack The Obama administration is holding high-level meetings to discuss the matter
CNN  -- Before the match even starts , there 's already one clear winner in the U.S.-Portugal match Sunday : American sports bars . Sure , they may be teeming with Americans who did n't know anything about the World Cup before USA 's stunning victory over Ghana last Monday . But Sunday 's game has enough drama and story lines to excite both fair-weather fans and diehard followers . Behold ... Ronaldo Any confidence gained by beating Ghana will be tempered when USA faces Portuguese superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . U.S. goal keeper Tim Howard is bracing for a serious challenge . "  He 's the best in the world with the ball at his feet , good striker , left and right foot , dominant in the air ... the list goes on and on , " Howard told reporters Saturday . "  We 're going to do the best to bottle him up . " But even Ronaldo has an Achilles ' heel -- or in this case , knee . The 29-year-old injured his left knee in the opening game against Germany . Portugal suffered a stunning 0-4 loss . But there 's more to the team than just Ronaldo . "  Portugal is not only one player ... they have a lot of good players , and we have to be completely 100 % with the whole team to stop this team and to win that game , " U.S. midfielder Jermaine Jones said . "  Group of Death " If USA wins Sunday , it 's guaranteed a spot in the next round . If it draws or loses , the team still has one more game to try to escape the so-called "  Group of Death . " The Americans will have to play without Jozy Altidore , who will sit out because of his strained left hamstring . But the Portuguese have their backs against the wall . A loss to the Americans would eliminate Portugal . Rumble in the jungle As if both sides did n't have enough challenges , they 'll be playing in a giant sauna . Sunday 's match will be in Manaus , a notoriously hot and muggy city in the Brazilian jungle . But U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann said he 's not too worried . "  We are thrilled to be here in Manaus . We 're thrilled that this game is coming closer and closer , " he said . "  I think we were very well prepared for this climate here . We have similar climates to play in . " Howard said he has n't prepared any differently for the game in Manaus . "  I think we 're fit and we 're conditioned , " he said . "  As long as we 've got good sleep and we stay hydrated , we should be fine . " CNN 's Jill Martin and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	The match will feature superstar Cristiano Ronaldo Ronaldo is grappling with a left knee injury The USA and Portugal will face off in notoriously humid Manaus A loss to USA would mean elimination for Portugal
Moscow  CNN  A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton 's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it 's for mature audiences , because of fears it might run afoul of the country 's anti-gay propaganda law . A clip of the video , which features a gay couple holding hands , got the 18 + rating from the independent TV Rain channel in Russia on Monday . The channel told CNN that it did n't want to break the controversial law , which bans "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors " and bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships within earshot of children . "  There are no legal precedents for this law , so we just do n't know what comes under this law and  what  does n't , " a TV Rain spokesperson told CNN . "  Therefore , fearing to break the law -- especially given the high attention to TV Rain from the supervising authorities -- we decided to put a marker  on the video  . " Clinton 's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 U.S. presidential campaign . It features about five seconds of two men holding hands . One of the men says , "  I 'm getting married this summer to someone I really care about . " The former senator and first lady first declared her support for same-sex marriage in early 2013 , saying that "  gay rights are human rights , and human rights are gay rights . " Russia 's controversial law caused an international outcry after it was passed by the Russian Parliament and signed by President Vladimir Putin in July 2013 . Human Rights Watch described the anti-gay propaganda law as "  a profoundly discriminatory and dangerous bill that is bound to worsen homophobia in Russia . " Rights campaigners called for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , and a number of bars around the world stopped serving Russian vodka in protest . U.S. President Barack Obama -- Clinton 's former boss -- said at the time that he found the legislation offensive . "  I have no patience for countries that try to treat gays or lesbians or transgendered persons in ways that intimidate them or harmful to them , " Obama told Jay Leno in 2013 . Putin defended the law , noting that unlike other countries , Russia decriminalized homosexual relationships  in 1993  . "  We do n't outlaw anything and do n't nab anyone , " he said before the 2014 Games . "  That 's why you can feel safe and free here , " he added , "  but please leave our children in peace . " The rights group ILGA-Europe said in a May 2014 report that Russia was the worst place in Europe  out of 49 countries  for LGBTI people to live . READ MORE : Social media react to Hillary Clinton logo	Presidential hopeful 's video , featuring gay couple , gets mature rating in Russia Russian TV channel feared airing it would break the country 's anti-gay propaganda law Clinton announced her support for same-sex marriage in 2013
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- A wildfire threatened to decimate historic Angel Island , the largest in the San Francisco Bay , and a Marin County fire official warned it could take up to four days contain the blaze . At 9:15 p.m. Sunday the fire was burning only on the southeast side of the island . The fire , which began about 9 p.m. Sunday , had consumed about 250 acres of vegetation near the top of Mount Livermore 's 788-foot peak , Battalion Chief Mike Giannini said Monday . iReporter Bob Austrian , 45 , of Tiburon , said he could see the blaze from his home about 4 or 5 miles from the island . He noticed the blaze at 9:15 p.m. Sunday . It "  started as a little red glow " on the southeast side of the island and worked its way over the top and around the side of Mount Livermore , he said early Monday morning . Watch the island burn " "  It 's still ripping right now , " Austrian said at 5 a.m. , noting that the blaze posed "  quite a spectacle " with the town of Belvedere in the foreground and the Bay Bridge that connects Oakland and San Francisco serving as a backdrop . Fire crews and equipment were being ferried to the island to battle the blaze , Giannini said . About 200 firefighters were already involved in the effort or en route , he said . None of the blaze is contained , and Giannini said he expects the firefighting effort to last for three to four more days . Austrian , who has visited the island at least a dozen times , said he 's concerned that firefighters wo n't be able to douse the blaze . The island is mostly vegetation with a few historic buildings , foot trails and access roads . iReport.com : See , share images of the blaze Even with the necessary manpower and firefighting resources , he said , it will be difficult to reach the actual blaze . "  It 's just the saddest thing because there 's no way to stop it , " Austrian said . Fire officials said earlier that all of the park workers and campers on the island were safe . Angel Island -- a hilly grass - and forest-covered island -- is the largest in San Francisco Bay . The island was used as a quarantine station for immigrants suspected of carrying diseases starting in the late 19th century . It 's now a place for hiking , biking , camping and boating .	Blaze not contained , firefighting efforts could last four days , official says iReporter : "  It 's just the saddest thing because there 's no way to stop it " Blaze burning vegetation near the top of Mount Livermore 's 788-foot peak All park workers , campers are safe , fire official says
CNN  -- World and European champions on the football pitch , but blighted by "  endemic " racism in the stands . For the second week in a row , Spain is facing up to allegations of racist abusive chanting from supporters inside its football stadiums . Last week it was Dani Alves who took a bite out of a banana hurled towards him by a fan during Barcelona 's match at Villarreal , while Sunday Levante 's Papakouli Diop opted to dance in front of his abusers during a match against Atletico Madrid , who will compete in this season 's UEFA Champions League final against Real Madrid later in May . "  I was going to take a corner and some of the Atletico fans started making monkey chants , " the Senegalese told reporters after Levante sealed a 2-0 win over the La Liga leaders . "  I do n't have anything against Atletico 's fans , " he added . "  It was just a part of them who did that to me and I wanted to explain that so people can know what happened . "  This monkey chants towards black players have to stop . And that 's all . " A leading anti-racism campaigner is hoping Spain will respond to the publicity generated by the Alves incident , which struck a chord on social media , with a number of high-profile footballers , including his Brazilian teammate Neymar , posting pictures of themselves eating bananas along with the hashtag #weareallmonkeys . "  I expect quite a few incidents to come to light after the Alves banana issue , " chief executive of anti-discrimination body Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  Piara Powar told CNN . "  The problem really is endemic in Spain . "  We are pulling together some stakeholders in a roundtable at the end of the month in an attempt to get some action co-ordinated . "  It may be that after Alves there is finally some appetite to take the issue on . " Atletico declined to comment on the abuse directed at Diop but Spain 's La Liga reacted Monday following the incident . "  The Professional League of Spanish Football  LFP  and , in particular , its Department of Integrity , is strongly against any discriminatory , violent , racist , xenophobic or intolerant act , especially in the environment of football and sports , " read the statement . "  At this respect the LFP warns that it has been proposing before the Sports Anti-violence Commission sanctions for big or minor offenses according to the 2007 law against violence , xenophobia , racism and intolerance within sports regarding the last events that took place in some stadiums during the last days . "  In any case , the LFP will fight against this kind of behavior and announces that will impose compulsory training courses to the clubs associated to the LFP in order to prevent these events to happen again . The Royal Spanish Football Federation  RFEF  made no comment to CNN , but it will investigate the incident on Wednesday , with the Ministry of Interior 's Anti-violence National Commission examining the case on Thursday . European football 's governing body UEFA explained that , while it is committed to eradicating racism from football , it is the duty of national associations to handle cases that arise in domestic competitions . "  UEFA operates a zero tolerance policy towards racism and is against any kind of discrimination both on and off the pitch , " read a statement from UEFA . "  UEFA supports its member associations to combat racism in European football . "  We offer subsidies to the national associations to encourage them to set up anti-racism programs within their organizations , and we also ask them to take all necessary measures , including imposing disciplinary sanctions to eradicate these problems . " A series of high-profile incidents of racism led to world football 's rulemakers FIFA introducing a number of sanctions . The punishments for a first offense is a warning , fine or the club in question being forced to play games in empty stadiums . A second offense , or one deemed "  serious , " could result in demotion , a deduction of points or expulsion from a tournament . Blog : Neymar -- Too cool for school ?	Levante 's Papakouli Diop alleges racist abuse during Sunday 's match against Atletico Madrid The Senegalese says he was subjected to monkey chants from Atletico fans Last week Barcelona 's Dani Alves ate a banana thrown at him by a fan A leading anti-racism campaigner says racism is "  endemic " within Spanish football
CNN  -- A man arraigned Tuesday on multiple firearms charges had an arsenal of high-powered weapons and a map of U.S. military base in his New Jersey hotel room , authorities said . Lloyd R. Woodson , 43 , has been charged with two counts of unlawful possession of weapons , possessing prohibited weapons , possessing large capacity ammunition magazines , two counts of defaced firearms , obstruction of justice and resisting arrest . Authorities say he has no apparent ties to terrorist activities . Woodson also is being charged as a convicted felon in possession of firearms , Gregory Reinert , a spokesman for the the U.S. Attorney 's Office in New Jersey , said . Somerset County Judge John Pursel set bail at $ 75,000 , and Woodson is expected to appear in court again by the end of the week . Woodson appeared angry and withdrawn in court , according to CNN 's Deb Feyerick , who attended the arraignment . His hands and feet were shackled and he was escorted by two guards . Woodson kept his head down and barely acknowledged the judge , except for responding "  yes " when asked if he understood English . Woodson , of Virginia , was arrested Monday after police responded to a call about a suspicious man in the Quick Chek convenience store in Branchburg , New Jersey , said local prosecutor Wayne J. Forrest . The suspect was in possession of an automatic .223 rifle converted to a .50 caliber rifle with a laser sight ; five customized magazines , each fully loaded with hollow-point .50 - caliber rounds and a military bulletproof vest when he was taken into custody , the New Jersey Regional Operations Intelligence Center  ROIC  said . At his hotel room , investigators found a Bushmaster .308 - caliber semiautomatic rifle with a defaced serial number , a rifle-mounted night vision scope , a 37 mm Cobray grenade launcher , a ballistic vest , a police scanner , hundreds of rounds of ammunition , military pouches and garrison equipment , and a detailed map of Fort Drum , an Army post in upstate New York . Earlier , Forrest said authorities had also found a Middle Eastern-style headdress , but no such item was mentioned in ROIC 's statement or in an FBI agent 's affidavit . Woodson waived his rights , according to the affidavit , and told investigators that all the weaponry was his , that he 'd bought the guns on the streets of New York and that he had "  obliterated " the serial numbers . He has a prior conviction for criminal possession of a weapon from Kings County  New York  Superior Court in 1997 . The ROIC statement also said Woodson "  expressed anti-law enforcement sentiments " stemming from run-in with police regarding domestic disputes . He has no ties to organized groups , the statement said , echoing what federal agents said earlier in the day . Michael Murphy , the senior vice president of Quick Chek , said the employee who called 911 "  prevented a bad situation and possible tragedy down the road . " The company is protecting her identity for safety reasons , he said . Murphy said Woodson did not buy anything in the store and may have drawn suspicion because he looked like he wanted to shoplift . When officers arrived , Woodson ran into the woods but was subdued after wrestling with officers , Forrest 's statement said . Preliminary findings indicate that Woodson has no ties to known terrorist groups or a specific terrorism plot , said FBI Special Agent Bryan L. Travers in a statement Tuesday . Federal investigators from the FBI and ATF are assisting local law enforcement . Woodson spent a brief time in the Navy , according to U.S. Navy spokesman Lt. Justin Cole . In February 1988 , he served on board the USS Orion , a submarine tender , Cole told CNN . He deserted the ship eight months later , Cole said . Woodson was taken into Navy custody in 1996 and discharged a month afterward , Cole added . CNN 's Deb Feyerich and Edmund DeMarche contributed to this report .	FBI on Tuesday said no ties to any terrorist group or specific plot had been found Lloyd R. Woodson , 43 , arraigned Tuesday on multiple weapons charges , resisting arrest He was arrested Monday near a store in Branchburg , New Jersey Found in room : Various rifles , grenade launcher , ballistic vest , police scanner , ammunition
Edward Snowden will likely prove to be the most costly leaker of American secrets in the history of the Republic . I know that we have had our share of spies . Benedict Arnold was bent on betraying the garrison at West Point to the British during the Revolution . Klaus Fuchs and Julius and Ethel Rosenberg ferreted out nuclear secrets for the Russians . Aldrich Ames and Robert Hanssen identified American penetrations for ultimate execution by the Soviets . We have also had our share of leakers . Daniel Ellsberg copied thousands of pages of documents related to the Vietnam War . Bradley Manning is accused of indiscriminately scoured the Defense Department 's SIPRNET  Secret Internet Protocol Router Network  for all manner of military reports and diplomatic cables . But Snowden is in a class by himself . The secrets that Arnold wanted to betray fit into the heel of the boot of his British case officer . The "  atom bomb " spies reported out using secret ink . Ellsberg was limited to the number of documents he could physically Xerox . Manning , although fully empowered by digital media , had access only to a secret level network housing largely tactical information . Snowden fled to China with several computers ' worth of data from NSANET , one of the most highly classified and sensitive networks in American intelligence . The damage is potentially so great that NSA has taken one of its most respected senior operations officers off mission tasks to lead the damage assessment effort . In general terms , it 's already clear Snowden 's betrayal hurts in at least three important ways . First , there is the undeniable operational effect of informing adversaries of American intelligence 's tactics , techniques and procedures . Snowden 's disclosures go beyond the "  what " of a particular secret or source . He is busily revealing the "  how " of American collection . The Guardian newspaper 's Glenn Greenwald , far more deserving of the Justice Department 's characterization of a co-conspirator than Fox 's James Rosen ever was , claims that Snowden has documents that comprise "  basically the instruction manual for how the NSA is built . ... -LSB- To prove -RSB- what he was saying was true , he had to take ... very sensitive , detailed blueprints of how the NSA does what they do . " Greenwald has disputed the notion that he aided Snowden , telling David Gregory on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " : "  The assumption in your question , David , is completely without evidence , the idea I 've aided and abetted him in any way . " And Michael Clemente , Fox News ' executive vice president of news , has said , "  we are outraged to learn ... that James Rosen was named a criminal co-conspirator for simply doing his job as a reporter . " Greenwald : Snowden is ` the classically responsible whistle-blower ' Absent "  rogue " U.S. action to silence him , Snowden has promised not to reveal this data , but there are already reports of counterterrorism targets changing their communications patterns . And I would lose all respect for China 's Ministry of State Security and Russia 's FSB if they have not already fully harvested Snowden 's digital data trove . As former director of CIA , I would claim that the top 20 % of American intelligence -- that exquisite insight into an enemy 's intentions -- is generally provided by human sources . But as a former director of NSA , I would also suggest that the base 50 % to 60 % of American intelligence day in and day out is provided by signals intelligence , the kinds of intercepted communications that Snowden has so blithely put at risk . But there is other damage , such as the undeniable economic punishment that will be inflicted on American businesses for simply complying with American law . Others , most notably in Europe , will rend their garments in faux shock and outrage that these firms have done this , all the while ignoring that these very same companies , along with their European counterparts , behave the same way when confronted with the lawful demands of European states . The real purpose of those complaints is competitive economic advantage , putting added burdens on or even disqualifying American firms competing in Europe for the big data and cloud services that are at the cutting edge of the global IT industry . Or , in the case of France , to slow negotiations on a trans - Atlantic trade agreement that threatens the privileged position of French agriculture , outrage more based on protecting the production of cheese than preventing any alleged violation of privacy . The third great harm of Snowden 's efforts to date is the erosion of confidence in the ability of the United States to do anything discreetly or keep anything secret . Manning 's torrent of disclosures certainly caused great harm , but there was at least the plausible defense that this was a one-off phenomenon , a regrettable error we 're aggressively correcting . Snowden shows that we have fallen short and that the issue may be more systemic rather than isolated . At least that 's what I would fear if I were a foreign intelligence chief approached by the Americans to do anything of import . Snowden seems undeterred by any of these consequences . After all , he believes he is acting for a higher good -- an almost romantic attachment to the merits of absolute transparency -- and he seems indifferent to the legitimacy of any claims of national security . The appropriate balance between liberty and security has bedeviled free peoples , including Americans , for centuries . But it takes a special kind of arrogance for this young man to believe that his moral judgment on the dilemma suddenly trumps that of two  incredibly different  presidents , both houses of the U.S. Congress , both political parties , the U.S. court system and more than 30,000 of his co-workers . Arrogant or not , Snowden has thrust into public view sensitive and controversial espionage activities . So what of his facts , fictions and fears and of the national debate that he claims he intended to stimulate ? More on this in following columns . Another view : Edward Snowden is a hero	Michael Hayden : Snowden will likely be most damaging leaker in American history He says the large trove of data reveals how America collects much of its intelligence Hayden says U.S. economic rivals will use it to disadvantage American companies He says other nations will doubt whether the U.S. can do anything in secret
CNN  -- By now , both the rules and deadly consequences of NekNominate -- the online drinking game of one-upmanship that has already resulted in at least five deaths -- have gone viral . The game has players sharing videos of themselves downing boozy concoctions , usually mixed with something daringly repulsive , and challenging their friends to top the result . In recent weeks , a new version of NekNominate has started to make the rounds , this one inviting people to do an act of good will . It has gone under many headers ; some folks have reappropriated NekNominate , others call it RAKNominate  for Random Acts of Kindness  . The charity-driven trend originated in South Africa , where a handful of people horrified by the drinking game decided to give it a new slant . One of those who started the trend was Brent Lindeque , a brand activation specialist who was NekNominated by a friend . Rather than getting drunk , he decided to use his nomination to feed a homeless person . "  I 'd only viewed two -LSB- NekNominate -RSB- videos . One was of a gentleman from England urinating into a cup . He added beer and drank it all down . The second was of an aggressive man who bit the head off a chicken -- a baby chicken -- and swallowed it before he drank his beer . I could n't understand why people were putting something so ridiculous online , " he recalls . "  When I was NekNominated , I wanted to do something different that could be filtered into my circle of friends . If I fed one person , hopefully the people I NekNominated would do the same , " he adds . He did n't imagine the video would get much traction beyond his circle . He was wrong . Since posting it on YouTube last month , Lindeque 's video has garnered over 755,000 views . He has also attracted an additional 7,000 Twitter followers . He has since used the video as a launchpad for a social media campaign  #changeonething  , a weekly radio segment and , perhaps soon , a charity foundation . "  The foundation will hopefully go live in March . It 's kind of a dating site for charities , where they can have a profile and list their needs on a micro level , " he explains . So far , thousands have been inspired by his video  he estimates that he has already received over 100,000 emails from people who have continued what he started  . Big brands , including Nandos and South African Breweries , have also followed suit . "  One beautiful story I was sent was from a man in England who went into a grocery store and bought a bunch of food . He saw a homeless man and gave him the food , then asked him to hold the camera while he took off a jacket his father had given to him and gave it to the man , " he recalls . The movement has struck a particular chord in South Africa , where others , oblivious to Lindeque 's efforts , have taken a similar stance with NekNominations . Ashton Hayes , a digital marketing strategist , decided to use the concept to help rebuild his neighbor 's house after a fire incinerated the roof . "  The fire happened in December , and by January , nothing had been done . There were a few funds that had been raised , but not enough to repair the roof , which had burned . That 's when the idea came to NekNominate and help her out that way , " he recalls . He created a video profiling his neighbor , Elizabeth , who also looks after 14 orphaned children in her Cape Town home . At the end , he NekNominated all of South Africa to do their part . In two days , he 'd raised the required funds -- $ 4,000 . One of the most touching stories he heard was of a 10-year old boy who donated the money he was saving to buy a Lego set to help Elizabeth rebuild her home . Local store Builders Warehouse was also nominated to chip in , and they responded by donating the tools to get the job done . "  The reason this works so well in South Africa is because there 's so much need for this sort of thing , " Hayes speculates . "  People here are looking for ways to help out , and the answers are n't always right in front of them . This gives them an excuse , and there 's also a sense of urgency about it , because they have to complete the nominations within 24 hours , " he says .	South Africans are using the NekNominate drinking game to do good deeds Brent Lindeque started the trend by posting a video of himself feeding a homeless man Ashley Hayes NekNominated South Africa to help his neighbor rebuild her home
CNN  -- It had been a little more than four months since completing my second space shuttle mission , STS-59 , on the shuttle Endeavour . I was finishing my annual flight physical at the Johnson Space Center Flight Medicine Clinic . The words from the flight surgeon were as expected : I was in great condition with nothing of note . Then I asked the doctor to look at my right shoulder because my racquetball game was suffering . He asked if I had pain . I told him I was n't in pain , but my right arm did not swing naturally when I walked . This comment must have set off some alarm , because he observed my walk down the hall and quickly said he would take me downtown to the Texas Medical Center the next day . I remember saying , "  I do n't believe we can see an orthopedic surgeon that quickly . " He merely noted that we were going to a neurologist . Little did I know that next day would change my life so quickly . The neurologist spent five minutes with me before saying that I had Parkinson 's disease . He added I would have to undergo several separate tests to prove that I did n't have some other neurological disorder . Parkinson 's disease is diagnosed by the process of eliminating other possible diseases . After several tests , the diagnosis was confirmed . This was December 1995 . Beat goes on for music producer diagnosed with multiple sclerosis To their credit , the flight surgeons asked me what I wanted to do about flying . I quickly said I wanted to continue with all activities , including standing in line for another space shuttle mission . I kept my condition a secret to all , except my wife and my children . I assumed senior NASA management were told , but no one ever spoke to me about the disease . They protected my privacy . I continued my normal duties and was subsequently offered my third shuttle mission -- STS-76 , which included a planned space walk . The mission was highly successful . One year after that mission , I left NASA for a job in the private sector supporting human space flight . With the exception of my closest friends and family , I kept my condition a secret for almost 15 years . My reason for secrecy was simple : People did not need to know . Now I 'm an advocate for Parkinson 's disease awareness . Having Parkinson 's disease is no reason to stop living life to its fullest extent . Yes , as the disease progresses I have had to change the way I do certain activities , but I continue to do them . I have a keen awareness now of the stress my disease places on my loved ones who provide me encouragement and tender loving care . The caregivers to a person with Parkinson 's are the people who give so much of their lives to care for a loved one . My wife is my caregiver and I am acutely aware of her sacrifices . Parkinson 's disease affects more than just the patient . The patient needs to understand the caregiver is there to help . So do not let Parkinson 's disease control your life . You may do things slower , or you may not be able to do things you once did as easily . It is not the end of the world . Do not give up trying . 8-year-old writes book on hearing loss	Astronaut Rich Clifford was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1995 It did n't stop him from going on a third shuttle mission and completing a spacewalk Clifford kept his illness a secret for 15 years
CNN  -- Actress Kristin Chenoweth started Maddie 's Corner , an organization that supports animals in need . Chenoweth recently sat down with CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki to talk about CNN Heroes and how she promotes the bond between people and their pets . Below are excerpts from that interview . Sonya Hamasaki : What is Maddie 's Corner ? Kristin Chenoweth : I started Maddie 's Corner probably five years ago . My idea was animals helping people who help animals . Maybe an animal needs to be matched to the right home of someone in need , and then  that  ultimately helps the animal , too . We do a lot with local shelters that need money for spays ; getting money for spays is a big issue . I 'd like to see animals get their shots , so we help with that . We help with adoption . We all need to give how we can , but in my hometown of Tulsa , Oklahoma , and my new hometowns of Los Angeles and New York , we work locally with people and animals who need help . Hamasaki : What inspired you to start Maddie 's Corner ? Chenoweth : Animals inspire me every day . I grew up in Oklahoma around a lot of animals , and a lot of my relatives are farmers and ranchers . I have a lot of respect for all kinds and what they can bring to our lives . I finally became one of those New Yorkers that got a little white fluffy dog . I never thought that she 'd take over my life , but she 's given me such joy and she 's made me so happy . I love show business , but this dog basically reminds me of what 's important . My family loves her ; my mom and dad look at her like it 's their own grandchild . Through Maddie 's Corner , I 've gotten to meet other dogs that are in need . Just recently I got to do a morning show in New York , and it was adoption day . I got to bring a dog on , and that dog got adopted that day . There are still so many animals in need , and adoption should not be ruled out . Hamasaki : What 's the inspiration behind the name ? Chenoweth : Madeline Kahn Chenoweth is my dog . Madeline Kahn was a big hero of mine , a wonderful actress and singer who actually passed away of cancer . She was an artistic , funny lady , someone who inspired me and is one of my personal heroes . So it seemed right to have a charity and a dog named after her . Hamasaki : Why did you get involved in CNN Heroes ? Chenoweth : I look forward every year to finding out who the CNN Heroes are , because they 're everyday people . It has become even more important to me because I have a cousin who is serving for our country in Afghanistan . Those people , it goes without saying , are our heroes . It 's become more important to me to find out more about our military ; more about everyday people ; more about a place called the Love Kitchen , where sisters feed the homeless ; more about women who are helping animals . Humanity 's an amazing thing , and that 's what CNN Heroes celebrates . That 's what they show through this tribute show , and that 's why I 'm so proud to be involved .	Kristin Chenoweth started a nonprofit that works with local animal shelters Maddie 's Corner is named after Chenoweth 's dog , who is named after late actress Madeline Kahn Chenoweth : I grew up in Oklahoma around a lot of animals , they inspire me
Editor 's note : Carly Fiorina is chief executive of Carly Fiorina Enterprises and former chief executive of HP . She was an adviser to Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign last year . Carly Fiorina says outrage at Wall St. pay is justified but salaries should n't be set by government . CNN  -- Americans are outraged over excessive CEO pay and perks . That outrage is justified , particularly when American taxpayers are footing the bill . Our capitalist system works best when there is transparency and accountability . There has been too little of both on Wall Street . Inevitably , the president and Congress are now attempting to respond to taxpayer anger and restore some "  common sense , " as President Obama recently declared , to CEO compensation . The proposed solution caps top executive pay at $ 500,000 for institutions that have received bailout money . I do n't think this is the answer , although it is an understandable reaction . It 's arbitrary : Why not $ 400,000 or $ 600,000 ? It 's incomplete . It only applies to institutions that will receive more government assistance going forward . And it does n't strengthen our economy when government decides how much each job is worth . In America we leave that job to markets . So what 's the answer ? To strengthen transparency , all aspects of CEO pay and perks should be fully disclosed on a regular basis . This should include airplanes , cars , golf-club memberships , bonuses , stock options , retirement plans and salaries -- in short everything that a common-sense person would consider part of a CEO reward package . See Fiorina discuss exec pay , including her own " To strengthen accountability , all aspects of CEO compensation should be voted on by shareholders on an annual basis . Ultimately , it is the owners of a company who must determine whether a CEO 's rewards are justified by a CEO 's performance . And because the American taxpayer is now a partial owner in many companies , the government can get a vote as well -- in some cases a very sizeable vote . In addition , "  clawback provisions , " which require a CEO to return compensation to shareholders if promised results are n't delivered , should be standard fare . Finally , when a company comes to Washington for American taxpayer money , it is an admission that mistakes have been made and major bets have failed . These CEOs should be prepared to tender their resignations and those of their boards . To earn a bailout , a CEO and board should be held accountable . We should not weaken our economy while trying to fix it . These are difficult times . President Obama has described our current situation as a "  crisis " and an impending "  catastrophe . " In such times , action is required . The key is to take actions that help in the short-term , while also being sensible for the medium and long-term . Too often our politicians react to crisis and public anger by over-reaching , and they create new , unforeseen problems that only become clear with the passage of time . In this country , the opportunity to be rewarded for taking prudent risk is fundamental to our economic vitality and strength . Let 's not lose that fundamental principle in our outrage over Wall Street greed and excess . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carly Fiorina .	Carly Fiorina : It 's understandable that people are outraged at Wall St. pay Fiorina says government should n't set limits on executive compensation She says all aspects of pay and perks should be disclosed Fiorina : Shareholders , including government , should vote on pay packages
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Former Beatle Ringo Starr has given his fans a ticket to ride . Former Beatle Ringo Starr says he has had enough of signing fan mail and memorabilia . In a video posted on his Web site , Starr says he will no longer sign fan mail or memorabilia . "  I want to tell you please ... do not send fan mail to any address that you have . Nothing will be signed after the 20th of October . If that is the date on the envelope , it 's gon na be tossed . "  I 'm warning you with peace and love I have too much to do . So no more fan mail , thank you , thank you , and no objects to be signed . Nothing , " the 68-year-old said . The drummer , wearing dark glasses , said it was "  a serious message to everybody watching . " Watch Ringo 's rant " Starr once starred in an episode of ` The Simpsons ' which showed him answering every piece of fan mail . "  They took the time to write to me , and I do n't care if it takes 20 years , I 'm going to answer every one of them , " Starr said on the show . Starr , who earlier this year released a new album called Liverpool 8 , divides his time between homes in Los Angeles , the South of France and Surrey . He angered Liverpool residents during an interview on British television in January when he said he missed nothing about the city .	Former Beatle Ringo Starr has told fans he will no longer sign autographs Starr says he will throw away fan mail after October 20 Drummer says , with love , that he has too much to do
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's health minister said Tuesday he was misquoted by the media in comments made at an AIDS conference that homosexuality is "  unnatural " and a "  disease " that was brought into India . Ghulam Nabi Azad told reporters that his remarks were intended to urge those who engage in homosexuality to be careful . He appeared to be backtracking a day after he unleashed widespread outrage "  Unfortunately , there a disease in the world and which has come to our country which is absolutely unnatural and should not happen but it does , " Azad said at a New Delhi conference on AIDS and HIV . "  There is a substantial number of men having sex with men in our country . But it 's difficult to track who 's doing it and where , " he said in a speech delivered in Hindi . Azad 's comments drew criticism from gay rights activists and those who fight HIV in India . "  I think his statement is very irresponsible , more so because of the platform he was speaking from , " said Anjali Gopalan , executive director of the nonprofit Naz Foundation that fights for sexual rights . "  The minister should have used that platform to end stigmas . Rather he chose it to reinforce the negative stereotypes , " she added . Roy Wadia , the executive director of India 's Heroes Project , said Azad 's comments "  not only undermines the ministry the person leads , but strikes a significant blow to health and outreach programs aimed at an already vulnerable and stigmatised population . " Wadia , whose HIV/AIDS communications and advocacy organisation is funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , welcomed the outcry against Azad 's comments . "  That is encouraging , " he said . "  But we clearly have a ways to go in educating society as a whole when the top health official of the world 's most populous democracy utters such words and does such harm . " The United Nations AIDS agency , which estimates 2.5 million Indians are living with HIV , reiterated its position on homosexuality . "  There is no place for stigma and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , " said Michel Sidibe , executive director of UNAIDS , in a statement Tuesday as he praised India 's overall efforts in providing HIV services to gay and transgender communities . "  Consistent with WHO 's disease classification , UNAIDS does not regard homosexuality as a disease , " Sidibe added . In 2009 , New Delhi 's high court decriminalized same-sex relationships in a landmark ruling that sparked religious outcry in conservative India . The ruling meant the law -- Indian penal code section 377 , which had criminalized consensual homosexual acts between adults -- was partly overturned but remains in place where forced homosexual acts are concerned . Several religious groups opposed to legalizing gay sex challenged the verdict in India 's supreme court . Tuesday , Amnesty International said India must do it all it can to protect the rights of gay citizens . "  These outrageous remarks linking consensual sexual activity to a disease simply encourage discrimination against men who have sex with men , " said Emily Gray , Amnesty International 's researcher on sexual orientation . The rights group said the health minister ought to retract his comments . "  India has come a long way in the past decade in protecting its vulnerable populations , including its lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender populations , " Gray said . "  But they are engaging in double standards here : On the one hand , they have decriminalized homosexuality and taken a significant step toward ensuring that people in India can express their sexual orientation . On the other hand , its chief public health officer is pathologizing homosexuality . " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report from Atlanta .	Minister says men having sex with men is "  unnatural and should not happen " He calls homosexuality a "  disease " His comments draw immediate criticism ; he says he was misquoted In 2009 , New Delhi 's high court decriminalized same-sex relationships
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father says he is concerned about the last moments of his son 's life and about the personal physician who found the pop icon unconscious at the singer 's estate . Singer Ne-Yo  L  and host Jamie Foxx pay tribute to Michael Jackson at 2009 BET Awards in Los Angeles . "  I have a lot of concerns , " Joe Jackson told CNN 's Don Lemon on the red carpet leading up to the BET Awards ceremony Sunday night . "  I ca n't get into that , but I do n't like what happened . " Michael Jackson 's personal physician , who was questioned extensively by investigators over the weekend , found the singer not breathing in bed when he entered the singer 's estate last week , according to the law firm representing the doctor . However , Jackson did have a slight pulse when Dr. Conrad Murray discovered him Thursday , and Murray tried to resuscitate the singer as he awaited paramedics , a representative with the law firm of Stradley , Chernoff and Alford law firm in Houston , Texas , told CNN Sunday . Attorney Edward Chernoff is representing Murray . The law firm said reports that Murray injected Jackson with powerful painkillers , such as Demerol or Oxycontin , were false . Funeral arrangements for Jackson were pending Sunday . "  We have n't gotten to that yet -- we 're working on that , " Joe Jackson told CNN 's Lemon . Watch Joe Jackson talk about the death of his son " Murray voluntarily met for several hours with detectives , the Los Angeles Police Department said late Saturday night . "  Detectives assigned to Robbery-Homicide Division met with Dr. Murray and conducted an extensive interview , " a police statement said . "  Dr. Murray was cooperative and provided information which will aid the investigation . " Watch attorney for Jackson 's doctor say his client is not a suspect " Jackson 's family suspects that Murray can answer some lingering questions about the singer 's last hours , but they have been unable to contact him , the Rev. Jesse Jackson said Saturday . "  The routine inquiry is now an investigation , " Jesse Jackson said . "  They  Jackson 's family  did n't know the doctor . ... He should have met with the family , given them comfort on the last hours of their son . " Watch latest developments in Jackson 's death investigation " Jackson family attorney L. Londell McMillan told CNN that a second autopsy is "  under way . " "  We 'll let that process take its course , " McMillan , who accompanied Joe Jackson to the BET Awards , told CNN . McMillan said a will has not surfaced since Michael Jackson 's death and that the singer 's mother , Katherine Jackson , is seeking custody of his two children . "  Well , if there is no will , then under the state of California it goes to the next of kin . That 's an adult to administer and oversee the best interests of the children and that would be Mr. and Mrs. Jackson , " McMillan said . "  And Katherine Jackson is the duly appointed person . " He added , "  She will seek custody of the children . That 's who Michael would have wanted to have the children , she loves them dearly . " On Saturday , the founder of 1-800-AUTOPSY , a private firm that conducts autopsies , told CNN that the Jackson family had contacted the business to inquire about possibly having a second autopsy done there . Jesse Jackson added on Saturday that the family needed "  an independent autopsy to get even more answers to questions that are now being driven by the gap between when Michael was last seen alive and was pronounced dead . "  iReport.com : Tributes pour in for Jackson There are lingering questions , including : "  How long had he stopped breathing ? How long had he been unconscious ? " Jesse Jackson said . Michael Jackson was discovered unconscious Thursday by paramedics at his home , where Murray apparently had tried to revive him . He was rushed to a Los Angeles medical center , where he was pronounced dead . Listen to the 911 call " An autopsy performed by a county medical examiner was inconclusive -- although officials said there were no indications of external trauma or foul play . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has said more tests are needed before a cause of death can be determined . That could take four to six weeks . Detectives impounded Murray 's car , which was parked at the singer 's rented home , because , they said , it may contain evidence related to Jackson 's death , possibly prescription medications . Police have released no information on what they may have found . CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Traci Tamura , Drew Griffin and Anna Coren contributed to this report .	Dr. Conrad Murray found Jackson not breathing but with a slight pulse Murray believed to be last person to see Michael Jackson alive Jackson 's father concerned about his son 's last moments Police conduct "  extensive interview " with Murray
EW.com  -- The MPAA has come under some flack of late for its one-size-fits-all rating system and vague-at-best explanations for those ratings . But there 's a fun flip-side to the murkiness : Speculating on what those ratings and their explanations might infer about the movie in question â $ " in this case , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " The MPAA handed a PG-13 rating today to "  The Dark Knight Rises , " for "  intense sequences of violence and action , some sensuality and language . " The rating itself does not mean the movie is totally done -- films often screen well before the director is finished with technical elements like visual effects , sound design , and color timing . But it does provide us with a tantalizing indication for what may be in store with a wildly anticipated film that has otherwise put a high premium on plot details . Namely : Language ? Sensuality ? Intriguing ! As a point of comparison , 2008â $ ² s "  The Dark Knight " won its PG-13 for "  intense sequences of violence and some menace " ; 2005â $ ² s "  Batman Begins " was a PG-13 due to "  intense action violence , disturbing images , and some thematic elements . " Beyond the obvious differences between "  violence and action , " "  violence and some menace , " and "  action violence -LSB- and -RSB- disturbing images , " it appears that the final film in this trilogy is branching out into some new territory for the franchise . The "  sensuality " could mean Bruce Wayne  Christian Bale  gets horizontal with a cat-suited Selina Kyle  Anne Hathaway  . And "  language " suggests masked villain Bane  Tom Hardy  could provoke Batman 's potty mouth . If that means we get to see more of Bale 's physique and legendary way with four-letter words , so much the better . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The MPAA handed a PG-13 rating today to "  The Dark Knight Rises " The rating is for "  intense sequences of violence and action , some sensuality and language " It does provide us with a tantalizing indication for what may be in store
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kenny Ortega , the director of Michael Jackson 's aborted comeback show , began his testimony Monday about what AEG Live executives did and said in Jackson 's final days . His first hours on the stand Monday afternoon were spent discussing Jackson 's creativity , saying his voice , songs and dancing were "  like no one else in his generation . " He will return Tuesday to resume his testimony . Lawyers for Jackson 's mother and children argue in the wrongful death trial against AEG Live that those executives ignored warning signs about his health and mental condition that , if heeded , could have saved his life . The lawsuit contends the promoters hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's propofol overdose death . AEG Live lawyers argue that Jackson -- not their executives -- chose and controlled the doctor , who was giving him nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic in a desperate search for sleep in his last two months . Ortega , who knew Jackson well and worked with him closely preparing his "  This Is It " shows , sounded a warning to AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips in an e-mail on June 20 , 2009 -- five days before Jackson 's death -- that Ortega did not think the entertainer would be ready for the shows . He described seeing "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " with Jackson . "  I think the very best thing we can do is get a top psychiatrist to evaluate him ASAP . " Tabloid report on Jackson ` FBI files ' questioned Expert : MJ was ` drug dependent , ' not addicted AEG says Jackson was secretive about his drug use , which the company contends was an addiction , so there was no way of knowing what treatments Murray was giving Jackson in his bedroom . But a drug addiction expert testified last week that there was "  not a lot of evidence to support " the belief that Michael Jackson was addicted to drugs . If he was an addict , Jackson "  would be taking drugs that were not prescribed by a medical professional , taking larger amounts than prescribed and have drug-seeking behavior , " Dr. Sidney Schnoll testified . There was no evidence Jackson ever took drugs that were not given to him by a doctor or that he took more than prescribed , Schnoll said . The bottles of sedatives found in his home after his death had more pills remaining in them than he would have expected if Jackson was an addict , Schnoll said . This "  indicated these were not being taken on a regular basis , " he said . Evidence shows Jackson sought drugs from a number of doctors , but that was not inappropriate because he needed them "  to treat a legitimate medical problem , " including back pain , scalp pain and dermatologic issues , Schnoll testified . While not addicted , Jackson was dependent on drugs , he said . The painkillers that forced Jackson to end his 1993 "  Dangerous " tour early so he could enter a rehab program were taken to relieve the pain from scalp surgery needed to repair burns suffered when filming a Pepsi commercial , Schnoll said . The burns left scars on damaged nerves in his scalp , which becomes "  excitable tissue " that "  can be firing just like the nerve , " he said . The result "  can be every painful , like a burning kind of pain -- persistent , sharp , shooting kind of pain , " he said . "  It 's very uncomfortable and one of the most difficult to treat . " Pain relief is a legitimate use of opioid drugs and a person can function normally if they are taken under a doctor 's care , he said . Prince , Blanket Jackson celebrate dad 's life amid death trial President John Kennedy was opioid dependent to relieve "  very severe back pain " while in the White House , he said . "  He did alright as president ? " Jackson lawyer Michael Koskoff asked . "  It depends on your political affiliation , " Schnoll answered . The Demerol injections Jackson got during frequent visits to a Beverly Hills dermatologist between April and his death in late June 2009 were given for legitimate medical reasons , Schnoll testified . If he were addicted to Demerol -- which is a powerful opioid -- he would not have gone 43 days between injections , which medical records show , he said . Jackson also went roughly 13 years -- from 1993 until 2008 -- without the drug , he said . The doctor conceded under cross-examination by an AEG Live lawyer , however , that a gap in available medical records may be misleading . Jackson 's use of sedatives was an effort to treat his chronic insomnia , Schnoll said . If the underlying sleep problem could be resolved , the chances of ending Jackson 's use of the drugs would have been good , he said . There was no indication that Jackson was addicted to propofol before Murray began giving him nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic for 60 days leading up to his death , he said . Nephew : Jackson was murdered Unheeded warning signs ? Ortega , in his e-mail to AEG Live CEO Phillips on June 20 , wrote that "  I honestly do n't think he is ready for this based on his continued physical weakening and deepening emotional state . " He said Jackson was having trouble "  grasping the work " at rehearsals . Production manager John "  Bugzee " Hougdahl wrote in an e-mail to Phillips hours earlier that Ortega had sent Jackson home from a rehearsal that night because of his strange behavior . "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now , " Hougdahl wrote . "  He was a basket case and Kenny was concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt . The company is rehearsing right now , but the DOUBT is pervasive . " Phillips replied to Ortega : "  Please stay steady . Enough alarms have sounded . It is time to put out the fire , not burn the building down . " By "  burn the building down , " he meant pulling the plug on the tour that was set to begin in three weeks , Phillips testified last month . "  In a highly charged situation like this , I just wanted to keep things calm until we could have the meeting . " Phillips met with Murray , Jackson and Ortega at Jackson 's home later that day . While Jackson lawyers argue that meeting was intended to pressure Murray to make sure Jackson was ready for rehearsals , AEG lawyers contend Murray assured producers nothing was wrong . Phillips testified that he remembered little about the conversation at the meeting and Murray has invoked his constitutional protection against self-incrimination to avoid testifying in the trial . This makes Ortega 's testimony crucial for both sides . ` They 're going to kill me , ' Jackson told son Hand over evidence or face jail A related drama could unfold Monday in another courtroom as a judge in Ohio decides if he 'll carry out a threat to throw the widow and daughter of a former Jackson manager in jail for refusing to hand over a laptop computer subpoenaed by Jackson lawyers . Frank DiLeo , who served as Jackson 's manager decades earlier , reappeared in his life in his last months . He died in 2011 . Jackson lawyers want to search his laptop for evidence to support their contention that DiLeo was beholden to the concert promoter and not to Jackson . His daughter , Belinda DiLeo , refused a judge 's order last week to disclose where the computer was , prompting the contempt of court order . The judge gave the DiLeo 's until Monday to hand it over or face jail . A hearing will be held Wednesday to determine of the women complied with the order . Jackson changed managers twice in the last three months of his life . In late March 2009 , he hired Leonard Rowe -- one of his father 's friends -- to replace Tohme Tohme , the manager who initially negotiated the deal with AEG for his "  This Is It " tour . Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live forced Jackson to take DiLeo , who had worked for him off and on for decades , as his manager in May 2009 because they did not want to work with Rowe . A cache of 5,000 e-mails has already been recovered and a lawyer in Ohio is reviewing them to redact non-relevant and personal information before handing them over to Jackson lawyers .	Kenny Ortega worked closely with Michael Jackson in his last weeks Ortega wrote of Jackson 's "  strong signs of paranoia ... and obsessive-like behavior " An expert testifies Jackson was drug dependent , not addicted Widow , daughter of former Jackson manager face jail unless laptop is handed over
EW.com  -- Writer Meredith Stiehm , 44 , shares similarities with "  Homeland 's " Carrie Mathison  Claire Danes  : both work in male-dominated places  Stiehm is the Showtime series ' sole female writer  and both have personal connections to bipolar disorder  Stiehm 's sister , like Carrie , suffers from the condition  . Stiehm has penned some of the series most acclaimed and talked about episodes , including season one 's "  The Weekend , " where Brody  Damian Lewis  and Carrie go to her cabin in the woods , and season two 's "  New Car Smell , " in which Carrie finally arrests Brody . "  I did n't come in until like episode 4 , " says Stiehm . " -LSB- Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa -RSB- created the character and the show . Around episode 4 , they realized that there were all male writers and they had a female lead so they wanted a female writer . " Adds Danes , "  She 's really incredible . Her voice is so distinctive and so honest and funny . She has a very wry sensibility that 's so in keeping with who Carrie is . But she also is very warm and feeling and all of that translates into all her work . I owe an enormous amount to Meredith . " Drake 's ` Started From the Bottom ' : Hear it But now there 's a chance that "  Homeland " could be losing the talented writer . Stiehm has a much-buzzed-about pilot with FX called "  The Bridge " about a dead body found on a bridge between Texas and Mexico  it 's a remake of a Scandinavian series of the same name  . If the pilot , starring Diane Kruger  Inglorious Basterds  and Demian Bichir  A Better Life  , goes to series , it 's likely that Stiehm will also leave the Showtime series . "  It 's a high-cost problem , " admits the writer . "  It 's so hard to get your own series . But , at the same time , what kind of idiot leaves Homeland right now ? " Super Bowl falls short of ratings record Danes admits that she 's not looking forward to potentially saying goodbye . Says the Emmy-winning actress , "  I 'm worried because I adore her and I think her talent is rare . She 's been crucial in defining who this person is . I 'm sure there are other brilliant women out there who could contribute wonderful things but I just like her ! She asked me to talk to Diane about my experience working in television and hopefully encourage her to accept the role . And I talked to her for about an hour and was really selling her on it . I thought , ` Wait a minuteâ $ " what did I just do ? ' I love Meredith and I support her totally but of course I do n't want her to go anywhere . " See the original article at EW.com .	"  Homeland " writer Meredith Stiehm , 44 , shares similarities with Carrie Mathison Stiehm has penned some of the series most acclaimed and talked about episodes Stiehm has a much-buzzed-about pilot with FX called "  The Bridge "
CNN  -- Fresh explosions and riveting gunfire punctuated the pre-dawn hours Monday in cities around Syria , opposition activists said , with the ongoing violence coming on the heels of yet another bloody weekend in the embattled nation . Around 3 a.m. , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria -- a network of opposition activists -- reported on its Facebook page that at least three major blasts in a few hours had rattled the Damascus neighborhood Mazzeh , where persistent gunfire rang out for at least an hour . The same group also reported other pockets of violence early Monday around the capital , including "  intense shooting " in Dummar and Keswa "  from the security checkpoints all over the city . " Some of the latest violence appeared to pit Syrian government forces against members of the rebel Free Syrian Army . That included clashes in Douma , where the LCC reported "  shooting from all the checkpoints in the city ... as a result of clashes between the Free Syrian Amry and the regime 's army . " In Deir Ezzor , Free Syrian Army members purportedly destroyed "  the Division of the Countryside , " a government ministry , as the opposition fighters battled government forces who were subjecting them to "  intense shelling . " The activist network also reported Monday morning that regime forces had "  launched a looting campaign " of homes in the Aleppo suburb of Atareb , even occupying some homes whose residents had fled the city due to perilous shelling . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But more than 8,000 people have died in the conflict , according to the United Nations . Opposition activists say the overall toll is more than 9,000 , most of them civilians . That includes dozens reportedly killed around the country Sunday , including three killed in addition to at least 25 others wounded in a car bombing in the northern city of Aleppo . The bomb detonated near the political security branch in Aleppo , which is Syria 's largest city , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency described the blast as a "  terrorist bombing " and said that two people were killed . The explosion ripped the facade off a residential building , the government news agency said . The blast occurred a day after 27 people died after two "  booby-trapped " cars exploded in crowded areas of Damascus , said SANA . The blasts also injured 140 people and caused serious damage to surrounding buildings , according to the official news agency . A Syrian rebel leader vehemently refuted the government 's claim that so-called "  terrorists " -- not the regime itself -- were behind the Damascus blasts . "  This is the regime 's game . This is how they play their dirty tricks . They carry out these types of explosions from time to time to get more international support and compassion , " Capt. Ammar al-Wawi of the rebel Free Syria Army said Sunday . "  They are desperately trying to prove to the world that they are fighting against armed gangs , but the reality is they are the ones who are doing all the killings . " At least 67 people were killed in clashes throughout Syria on Sunday , including two children and seven soldiers from the Free Syria Army , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Nearly half of the dead were in the northeastern city of Deir Ezzor , where 29 people were reported killed in reported shelling by government troops , according to the LCC . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said heavy gunfire and explosions echoed in the city as government forces and Syrian defector groups clashed , the observatory said . Another 14 were killed in Idlib , eight in Homs and seven in the suburbs of Damascus , the LCC said . Four Syrian soldiers were killed in fighting with defectors near the northern city of Jisr al-Shugur , the Syrian Observatory reported . Pro-Assad forces also assaulted and arrested opposition leader Mohamed Sayed Rasas during an anti-government protest in Damascus , the observatory said . More than a year after the start of the regime 's crackdown on dissidents , reports of deaths mount every day . And it 's not just deaths . Opposition activists also described what happened to 32 surviving children and two women after an attack last week in the Rifai district of Homs province . "  The children were tortured -- beaten , abused , fingers cut off , and shot by thugs , " said a man who uses the pseudonym Waleed Faris . Another activist , identified only as Abu Faris , was part of a rescue operation in Rifai . He described seeing abandoned neighborhoods , "  tens of bodies " and "  horrific corpses , shot , mutilated -- everywhere . " The humanitarian situation across Syria is deteriorating , the International Committee of the Red Cross said in a statement Sunday . "  The ICRC is particularly concerned about vulnerable people , such as those detained in connection with the fighting and those who are sick or injured and need medical care , " said ICRC president Jakob Kellenberger , who was scheduled to discuss the situation with Russia 's foreign minister in Moscow on Monday . Most reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . But al-Assad 's regime has insisted that "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the violence and says it has popular support for its actions . CNN 's Rima Maktabi , Saad Abedine , Caroline Faraj and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 3 explosions rock Damascus early Monday , an opposition network says NEW : Additional fighting is reported in other cities around Syria as well At least 67 people were killed around Syria on Sunday , one group says Syria 's government blames terrorists for weekend blasts that killed 27
Before Saturday 's police shooting of an African-American teenager , Ferguson , Missouri , was known as one of hundreds of municipalities designated by a national nonprofit as a "  Playful City USA , " a place where children are supposed to have access to more opportunities to play in their communities . But the shooting death of Michael Brown , a college-bound 18-year-old , by a police officer has brought national attention to the mostly black community for another reason . Witnesses and residents say the young man was unarmed . Police say he tried to take an officer 's gun . Authorities , citing threats and safety issues , have refused to identify the officer . Protests have turned violent . Tensions remain high after isolated looting incidents and dozens of arrests in the St. Louis suburb of 22,400 . To locals and longtime observers , the tension has been brewing since the 1970s , when Ferguson underwent a racial transformation . Once predominantly white , the city became overwhelmingly black as white families moved out during the racial integration of public schools . At the same time , many African-American families started to move to Ferguson from St. Louis and surrounding communities . "  This whole situation has been boiling for a while , " said Antonio French , a St. Louis alderman who lives five miles from Ferguson . "  It 's not just the death of Michael Brown but the way it 's been handled by the local government and the response to the community 's outrage that forced this to boil over . " A white man 's response to Ferguson On Thursday , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon acknowledged long-simmering tensions between the community and police . "  This feels a little like an old wound that has been hit again , " he said . "  The key to this is ... ultimately getting to some of these deeper problems . These are deep and existing problems not only in Missouri but in America . This has clearly touched a nerve , and that nerve is not merely from this horrific incident that happened just a few short days ago . " Advocates for effective policing contend that law enforcement should reflect the diversity of the community it polices . When that is out of balance , however , an incident such as the Brown shooting can cause tensions to boil over . What 's happening in Ferguson today is a perfect example , said Beryl Satter , a history professor at Rutgers University in New Jersey . "  This is what happens when you have massive racial change in a community and the power structure remains in the hands of whites and the police force acts as this sort of mediating force between the white power structure and what is now a black community and has very little empathy or knowledge about that community . " Racial disparity Two-thirds of Ferguson 's population is black , and yet the mayor is white , and so are five of the six city council members . The police chief is also white . There are only three African-Americans on the 53-person police force . "  This all gets back to segregation , " Satter said . "  The school boards , the police force , the juvenile courts remain the same . The population changes before the power structure changes . ... It happened across the country when there was very rapid resegregation of a town , a neighborhood or a city . " Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson admitted Wednesday that diversity on the force was a "  constant struggle " but said race relations were a top priority for his department . He also said the officer who shot Brown was assaulted before opening fire on the young man . According to a 2013 report released by the Missouri attorney general , African-Americans are not under-represented in crime statistics . They accounted for 93 % of arrests after traffic stops , 92 % of searches and 86 % of traffic stops . The St. Louis area has always been one of the most racially segregated regions in the country , according to Satter and other experts . It was in St. Louis that a federal judge in 1847 returned Dred Scott to slavery in a decision upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court , which ruled that African-Americans were not American citizens and could not sue in federal court . Deadly race riots erupted in East St. Louis in the early 1900s . The looting and angry protests that followed Brown 's death , Satter said , are part of the "  historical lineage of violence and segregation . " While all the facts surrounding the Brown shooting have yet to come out , Satter said , the disconnect between the community and law enforcement can have lasting effects . "  It 's just a terrible spiral of oppression , " she said . "  The reaction of rioting in response to police brutality is classic . It 's so personal . Other kinds of oppression that black people face , say in the school or other places , it 's not on your body . It 's not as personally invasive . But police brutality hurts in a sharper , more profound and immediate way . People can relate to what happened to this boy . " Racial profiling training Jackson told CNN this week that he was working to improve the diversity of the force . Racial profiling , he said , was "  strictly forbidden . " "  We actually have mandatory racial profiling training that we have to take to be certified , " he said . "  Racial profiling is against our policies . It actually benefits nothing . " David Klinger , a criminal justice professor at the University of Missouri-St . Louis and a former Los Angeles police officer , said that a more diverse police force does n't always translate into better police relations with a community . "  If the cops are not treating the citizens appropriately , is it a question of the cops not doing their job right because they 're not trained well or they 're knuckleheads or they hold racial animus ? " he said . "  Who knows ? But if you bore down and it turns out that there 's racial animus , then you have a real big problem on top of the lack of professionalism , because that 's a flashpoint in our society . We have a rough history in America regarding race relations . And the police , unfortunately , have been on the wrong side of that . " Dan Isom , retired chief of police in St. Louis and a criminal justice professor at the University of Missouri-St . Louis , said the diversity of the police rank and file and command definitely affects community relations . "  When you look across the nation , it 's not uncommon for police departments to have a racial makeup that is not consistent with the community , " he said . "  You do n't have a political or community push for improvement until something like the Michael Brown shooting happens . " According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics , about a quarter of police officers across the nation were ethnic minorities in 2007 , compared with a sixth of officers in 1987 . Isom hopes the tragedy leads to change . "  There are so many questions to be asked beyond just the shooting , " Isom said . "  Certainly , the police department 's makeup , the relationship with the community . Hopefully , this brings a bigger conversation : Why does this happen in the African-American community ? What are the deeper issues we have to resolve between communities and police ? " Other factors about Ferguson need to be considered , observers said . According to the 2010 census , community residents are mostly young ; the average age is 31 . Median household income is $ 37,000 : about $ 10,000 less than Missouri as a whole . About one-fifth of Ferguson residents live in poverty . African-Americans are much worse off economically than whites , with a 25 % poverty rate that 's more than twice that of whites , according to the most recent government estimates from two years ago . Their median income is only about 60 % that of their white counterparts . "  Ferguson 's black community is a very transient community , living in rental housing , " said French , the St. Louis alderman . "  Not many people register to vote , and even less participate in elections . ... People are living day to day out there , and part of their daily existence is negative encounters with the police . They want to be heard . They want their frustration to be recognized . " Complete coverage on Michael Brown 's shooting Ferguson police slammed for ` escalating the situation ' Opinion : Why Ferguson is your town	Ferguson , Missouri , was one of hundreds of municipalities designated a "  Playful City USA " The shooting death of Michael Brown , 18 , by police has put it in the national spotlight Three of the city 's 53 officers are African-American 63 % of Ferguson 's population is black ; 34 % is white
CNN  -- October 6 , 1981 , remains etched in the minds of Egyptians who witnessed the assassination of President Mohamed Anwar al-Sadat at the hands of four military officers during an annual parade celebrating the anniversary of Egypt 's 1973 war with Israel . In 1979 , Sadat signed the Camp David peace treaty with Israel that won him the Nobel Peace Prize and the fury of many Arabs who accused him of betraying their cause . In a tribute to the former "  hero of war and peace , " as the inscription on his grave reads , Egyptian State TV ran footage Thursday of the assassination , depicting the moment Sadat stood in the pavilion saluting his killers while they fired at him as French Mirage fighters screeched over the parade grounds as part of the festivities . Khaled El Islambouly , the lead gunman , was captured and executed . Sadat 's bullet-riddled body was rushed to the Maadi Military Hospital and the president was proclaimed dead at 2.40 p.m. due to "  intense nervous shock and internal bleeding in the chest cavity . " Talaat El Sadat , a former member of parliament and the nephew of the slain president , recalls the details of that grim day . "  The president thought the killers were part of the show when they approached the stands firing , so he stood saluting them , " El Sadat told CNN . El Sadat claims his uncle refused to wear bulletproof vests and always confidently argued , "  I am among my sons . " An investigation uncovered evidence that the killers had plotted the attack with Al Gamaa al-Islamiyya , a Muslim Brotherhood offshoot that had failed ambitions of launching an Islamic revolution in the mid-1980s . Aboud El Zomor , the leader of Al Gamaa al-Islamiyya , was convicted of plotting the assassination and spent almost 30 years behind bars before his release in April , among hundreds of political prisoners detained during President Hosni Mubarak 's regime . Three decades later , in his first interview with a U.S. television news organization since his release , El Zomor was unapologetic about being a part of the killing of Sadat . "  Our role was related to assisting but not decision-making , " El Zomor recalled in his interview with CNN . "  All that we did , our role , is that we had ammunition that we sent " to the assassins . "  The idea was just to change and provide an alternative leader who could save Egypt from a crisis of the political dead-end we lived in then , " El Zomor explained . "  I intended complete change , not just the murder of Sadat . " He cheered the January 25 revolution that ousted Mubarak on February 11 and felt "  jealous " that his own religious revolution did not succeed . He also claimed that Al Gamaa al-Islamiyya has renounced its military arm because there was "  no need to fight the oppression of the former Mubarak regime . " The fall of regimes almost always comes with the unveiling of secret documents and conspiracy theories . Sadat 's assassination was recently revisited by his daughter , Roqaya al-Sadat , a month after Mubarak was toppled . She filed a case in March at the general prosecutor 's office claiming new evidence had emerged implicating Mubarak , who was Sadat 's vice president . "  The lead gunman 's machine gun jammed and he reached in the vehicle for another gun , " said Talaat El Sadat . He demands an explanation to how guns without their safety pins were smuggled in . "  Where was my uncle 's elite security all this time ? " "  The answer  to all of this  is Hosni Mubarak . He benefits the most from the killing , assisted by the Americans and the Israelis , " El Sadat said . Meanwhile , the peace with Israel that Sadat worked relentlessly to achieve may be at the brink of collapse . Anti-Israeli sentiment in Egypt in the past few months has been its most violent since the times of Sadat , as highlighted by the pro-democracy protesters who breached the Israeli Embassy on September 9 . The same protesters who brought down the Mubarak regime insist on ending the exports of gas to Israel and many call for the cancellation of the Camp David Peace Treaty after an incident on the Israeli-Egyptian border left five Egyptian soldiers dead .	Egyptian president was assassinated in October 1981 Sadat 's daughter has implicated Hosni Mubarak Relations with Israel have deteriorated this year
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A political power struggle in Turkey has intensified with media reports of the suspension of more than 10 police commanders who were part of a corruption probe that targeted suspects close to the Turkish government . The suspensions came on Wednesday -- a day after a wide sweeping corruption probe led to the detention of high profile businessmen , bureaucrats and the sons of three cabinet ministers in dawn raids on Tuesday . Some post changes were partly due to "  administrative changes , " and others were a result of "  investigation into allegations of misuse of office , " according to a statement released by the Turkish police . The detentions on Tuesday were seen by many as part of a political reckoning in Turkey between Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and an Islamist movement believed to control portions of the judiciary and the police . The Gulen or Hizmet movement is led by Fethullah Gulen , an Islamic cleric in self imposed exhile in Pennsylvania . The more than 50 people detained follow three separate investigations that have been ongoing for more than a year , according to a written statement released by the Istanbul Prosecutor 's Office . "  Allegations in two of the investigations include public servants accepting bribery and misuse of office , and are generally under the Acting Against Construction and Coastal Law and include as suspects some government workers as well as civilians , " the statement said . Erdogan has been critical of the raids which ensnared the sons of three cabinet ministers calling it a "  a very very dirty operation . " He believes the operations are being led by gangs with connections abroad . "  This has enthusiasts and planners abroad , and their extensions are in our country , " he told reporters on Wednesday . "  I am not going to elaborate on who they are ... you can guess who they are . As you know , there was a period started with Gezi protests , they did n't achieve their goals then ... now they have taken a new step , " he said referring to anti-government demonstrations that began late last May over plans to build a shopping mall in Gezi Park . Gulen has denied any involvement in the operations through a letter released by his legal representative in Turkey . "  The esteemed Fethullah Gulen has neither the smallest interest or concern for these investigations and the public servants who are carrying them out , " said a statement issued by Gulen 's lawyer on Thursday . The letter also responds to statements made by ruling Justice and Development Party  AKP  members . "  We would like to openly express the following : ` waging war against the government , ' ` starting an operation , ' ` playing dirty games , ' ` setting a trap , ' or ` cornering ' are only misdirection and are nothing more than imaginary malicious allegations , " the statement said . The sons of Interior Minister Muammer Guler , Economy Minister Zafer Caglayan and Environment and Urban Planning Minister Erdogan Bayraktar were detained in the raids , according to local media . "  We will always respect the judiciary . The governments support will always be behind the judiciary , " said Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc in a speech but that "  it is not right to convict the ministers or the other people named in this process in advance and to hold the government responsible . " Concerning the removal of police commanders form office , Arinc said , the chain of command of police procedure was not followed properly and resulted in the suspensions . There have been widespread press reports that the Interior Minister whose son was one of the detained in the raids , did not have prior knowdlege of the operation . "  Everyone was unaware of the operation started by the department head . You can keep the names a secret but share them with your supervisor . Is there anything more tragic than the interior minister learning his son has been detained from the press , " said Arinc . Police carried out dawn raids in Istanbul and Ankara , according to local media , including the headquarters of Halkbank , a public bank that was alleged to play a role in sidelining sanctions on Iran in a gold for oil scheme last year . The head of a large construction company , Ali Agaoglu , was also brought in within the scope of the investigation though the CEO of the company later told Dogan News Agency that Agaoglu was not the focus of the investigation . Local commentators and analysts see the raids as the most public confrontation of the developing rift between Erdogan 's ruling party and supporters of Fethullah Gulen , an Islamic cleric living in Pennsylvania whose loose network of followers are thought to hold key positions within the judiciary and police force . The Hizmet Movement , the name preferred by Gulen 's followers , has in the past thrown its support behind the AKP led by Erdogan but the two have been publicly at odds over the last month . "  It was a forced marriage and now it 's an ugly divorce , " said Ahmet Sik , a journalist who wrote a book on Gulen and his influence within the judiciary and the police force . Last month Erdogan announced that he would shutdown college admission tutorial centers , a large source of revenue and recruitment opportunity for the Gulenists . On Monday , Hakan Sukur , an ex-footballer and Gulen follower , who was elected on the AKP party ticket to parliament resigned his membership in the party citing the governments stance on tutorial centers . "  This is all a judicial process , it would not be right for me to say anything until the outcome , " Erdogan told reporters in Konya . But in a fiery speech he delivered there he said "  those who are receiving the support of financial circles and media can not change the direction of this country . Those who are supported by dark circles from inside and outside the country can not change the direction of Turkey . " Turkey is expected to hold local elections in 2014 and many analysts see this as a test of Erdogan 's grip on power after a turbulent year of unprecedented anti-government protests . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Analysts say the detentions show rift within Erdogan 's party Ministers ' sons , a bank president , bureaucrats caught up in the sweep Erdogan : Those supported by "  dark circles " can not change direction of Turkey
Washington  CNN  -- As the nation sent up a collective wail of grief over the 27 people slaughtered in Newtown , Connecticut , last week , the nation 's leading gun rights lobby remained silent . Until now . The National Rifle Association , with roughly 4.3 million members , deactivated its Facebook page , had stopped tweeting on its Twitter account and had been issuing a "  no comment " to any media outlet , including CNN , seeking a response . But late Tuesday , the group broke that silence with a statement : "  The National Rifle Association of America is made up of four million moms and dads , sons and daughters -- and we were shocked , saddened and heartbroken by the news of the horrific and senseless murders in Newtown . Out of respect for the families , and as a matter of common decency , we have given time for mourning , prayer and a full investigation of the facts before commenting . The NRA is prepared to offer meaningful contributions to help make sure this never happens again , " the group said . It plans to hold "  a major news conference " on Friday and both their Facebook and Twitter presences are active again . But despite the relative radio silence early on from the powerful lobbying group 's offices in Fairfax , Virginia , the organization is regrouping in anticipation of a massive legislative push to introduce or , in some cases , reintroduce gun control legislation , say former NRA officers and gun policy experts . They had n't really spoken , some say , because they did n't have to do so . At least , not yet . NRA laid groundwork against new gun laws Kristin Goss , an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "  Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America , " said that strategy is part of the organization 's playbook after an incident such as this one . "  The typical pattern is something horrific happens . There is a national outcry , mourning . People call for a national conversation on gun control . Gun rights proponents lay low , " Goss said . "  They 're used to seeing this cycle express condolences and hope the attention will shift to a new issue . " When the NRA does speak in detail , it will do so forcefully and with the type of political sway and heft the pro-gun lobby has carefully amassed over dozens of election cycles , experts say . "  When the emotions come down , I 'm sure you 'll hear the NRA address this issue . It 'll be in January when legislation is introduced . They 'll testify at hearings . You 'll hear the same kind of arguments that I 'd come up with , " said Richard Feldman , who served as regional political director for the NRA during its rise to power in the 1980s and is president of a gun rights group , the Independent Firearm Owners Association . When that happens , the group will wield the full power of its millions of members and leverage the $ 17 million it spent in federal races this year helping elect candidates who it considers supporters of the NRA 's mission , said policy experts . Polls suggest public opinion may be changing "  What we 're likely to see is the NRA being a part of the behind-the-scenes conversation , " said Scott Melzer , an associate sociology professor at Albion College in Michigan and author of the book "  Gun Crusaders : The NRA 's Culture War . " That 's because in Washington 's halls of power , what takes place behind closed doors often has more impact that what happens in the public eye . And money speaks volumes . During the 2012 election cycle , the NRA donated $ 719,596 to candidates . Republicans received $ 634,146 of that , according to the Center for Responsive Politics ' analysis of federal campaign data . For example , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , ranked among the top five recipients , having received $ 7,450 in this cycle . For the NRA , as with any good lobbying group , "  democracy " is about "  putting your money where your mouth is , " Feldman said . Newtown shooter 's guns : What we know According to the Sunlight Foundation , a government watchdog group , the NRA spends 66 times more on lobbying than what the Brady Campaign to End Gun violence , the country 's top gun control advocacy organization , spends . And the NRA spends 4,143 times what the Brady Campaign spends on campaign contributions , the Sunlight Foundation found . But the group 's political power is n't just about money . "  If you took money out of politics , that would n't weaken the NRA . It would make it stronger . What NRA can do that  Mayor Michael  Bloomberg ca n't do is communicate with millions of people who care about this issue , " Feldman said . Even Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who has had a mixed history on the issue of gun control , paid homage to the group during the general election . His first speech to a conservative audience after the contentious GOP primary season was at the NRA 's annual meeting this spring , a speech in front of more than 60,000 gun enthusiasts in St. Louis . Lawmakers on gun control : ` This one feels different ' In 2012 , the group marshaled forces to lobby on more than 60 measures , including "  a bill to prohibit the Department of Justice from tracking and cataloging the purchases of multiple rifles and shotguns , " according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks money in politics . The legislation was sponsored by Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester and co-sponsored by 34 Republican and moderate Democrats , including West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin . Manchin is among a small group of conservative Democrats with high rankings from the NRA for pro-gun rights legislative stances who has suggested revisiting gun control policies . However , on the Sunday after the Newtown shooting , not one of the 31 pro-gun rights senators with high NRA rankings agreed to go on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " or CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " The risk of daring to disagree with the NRA House members are similarly concerned . "  There are many single-issue gun rights voters and Republicans -- who now control the House of Representatives -- know it 's a bad move to vote  against the NRA  , " said Melzer said . "  That 's a sure way to ensure there will be a primary opponent . " In the meantime , gun control advocates are hoping to capitalize on the bizarre rhythm that has become all too familiar in the wake of the nation 's mass shootings . However , when the NRA goes quiet , the normally outgunned opposition moves into high gear . Guns and Congress That 's because they know that after they mourn for the dead , there 's not much time , money or a broader platform to make their case for change before most people move on in their lives , said Mark Glaze , director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns . His group has spent 20-hour days on staff calls , legislative strategy sessions and fielding calls from gun violence survivors and celebrities and mayors who want to sign on . "  Look , " Glaze said , "  when this kind of thing happens , we have to make the case in that very short window -- what went wrong , why it went wrong , how you can fix it -- in a way that motivates Congress to do what it should . " The Brady Campaign to prevent Gun Violence was on Capitol Hill on Tuesday with members of a new community group , Newtown United . Newtown United tries to tackle the rough world of gun control policy Josh Horwitz with the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence said his group just hired temporary staff to deal with hundreds of new volunteers who want to help after Newtown . There 's usually a narrow window to make an impact , gun control advocates say . But this time , things may be different . "  With something as terrible as this is , involving children , the window is open a little wider than it has been before , " Glaze said . "  I think my back of the envelope is usually about a month . But after the series of mass shootings and the gravity of this one , I think we may have a little more time . " CNNMoney : Gun industry faces uncertain future CNN 's Libby Lewis and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NRA , largely quiet on cases of gun violence , gives a statement on the Newtown shooting National Rifle Association is regrouping as a major push in favor of gun control forms NRA is likely working more behind the scenes than in the public , author says Group plans to hold "  a major news conference " on Friday
CNN  -- Traditionally , you would n't gift someone a rat -- not someone you like , anyway . And even if a gift-wrapped rodent was in the cards , you 'd likely shy away from the giant African pouched rat , which -- as the name suggests -- is rather large  think cat-sized  . Tanzania-based NGO Apopo , however , thinks rats make excellent gifts . So much so that they 've launched an adopt-a-rat program , which allows participants to sponsor the animal . "  It 's great for the giving season . It also works on Valentine 's Day . Many people love to give their love , er , a rat , " says Bart Weetjens , Apopo 's founder . Despite the creatures ' reputation for thieving and spreading disease , Weetjens has proven that rats can be every bit as heroic as people . Contrary to public opinion , rats can actually save lives -- Apopo 's rats have actually saved thousands . From vermin to heroes Weetjens ' rodents have many talents . Mostly , though , they are highly trained to sniff out land mines and detect tuberculosis -- two scourges that have had a tremendously negative impact across the African continent . And his rats are fast . A single rat can clear 200 square feet in an hour  done manually , the same area would take 50 hours to clear  . A TB-detection rat can evaluate 50 samples in eight minutes  almost a day 's work for a lab technician  . Though it 's difficult to quantify the number of landmines buried in Africa  experts estimate the number is in the millions  , there has been no shortage of casualties over the years . The Landmine Monitor estimates there have been over 18,000 landmines and explosive remnants of war  ERW  casualties in the African Union between 1999 and 2013 . Aside from those fatalities , however , Weetjens notes that one of the most detrimental influences of mine fields is the amount of land they take up . " -LSB- Affected -RSB- communities live in some kind of terror situation , where the most necessary , basic things -- like getting water and firewood or farming their land -- puts their life at peril . There does n't even need to be landmines present . As long as there 's this suspicion of landmines in these communities , there can be no real development , " he says . In 2006 , Weetjens started testing his "  hero rats , " as he dubs them , on the mine fields in Mozambique , a country that at that time was one of the worst affected by landmines , thanks mainly to a civil war that ended in 1992 . Since then , Apopo has cleared the country of 6,693 landmines , 29,934 small arms and ammunition , and 1,087 bombs . Mozambique is on track to be free of landmines by the year 's end . "  It has affected Mozambique enormously , " says Weetjens . "  The GDP has grown and there is a lot of economic development that formerly was not possible , so the effect on society is huge . " Next on Apopo 's list is Angola -- the third most mine-affected country in the world . Together with Norwegian People 's Aid , they hope to bring down the number of mines considerably over the next three years . TB screening In 2005 , the World Health Organization  WHO  declared a TB crisis in Africa . It 's a problem Weetjens realized he could address with his sniffer rats . So far , they 've analyzed over 260,000 samples from health clinics in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania and Maputo , Mozambique . "  Traditional methods  for testing TB  are not so reliable , in an African environment at least , " he says . WHO agrees . In 2011 , the organization warned against blood testing for TB for its inaccuracy . Weetjens notes that the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa also makes it difficult to get an accurate TB reading . "  People with HIV/AIDS tend to produce negative smears , as they have very few bacteria , " he says . "  With scent detection , rats only need a few bacteria to be able to smell it . " The initial stages of training for the TB - and mine-detection rats are fairly similar . When the rats are still pups , they are socialized to work with people . The rats are then conditioned with clicker training , so that they associate the sound of a click with a reward  usually peanuts or bananas  . They are then introduced to a target scent  TNT or positive TB samples  . TB rats stay in the lab , where they are ultimately given multiple samples at one time to evaluate . The training takes about six months . Mine-detection rats are moved first to a sandbox , where they are charged with sniffing out TNT-stuffed tea balls , before they ultimately train on a test field bearing both real and deactivated mines . Those rats can be fully trained in nine months to a year . Why rats ? Weetjens wanted to find a locally-sourced resolution to a local problem . "  I was looking for an appropriate solution that communities at the bottom of the pyramid could use independent from expensive foreign know-how and technology , " he says . Weetjens notes that the advantage of using rodents is that they are cheap to train , cheaper to procure , and plentiful . Including all administrative and operating costs , each Apopo rat costs about $ 7,600 -- dogs can cost three times as much to train . Rats also have the advantage of being too lightweight to trip off a mine  Apopo boasts zero casualties so far  . "  I kept rodents as a boy , so I knew they were very trainable , sociable and intelligent creatures , " says Weetjens . For me , this was a natural fix . "	NGO Apopo trains rats to scent detect landmines and TB Apopo has almost cleared Mozambique of landmines A rat can clear a space 50-times faster than a manual deminer A rat can sniff more TB samples in 10 minutes than a lab technician can analyze in a day
Washington  CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency proposed new national guidelines on Wednesday for mercury and air toxics released from power plants . The move came in response to a court-ordered deadline and would require many power plants to install pollution control technologies . "  Today we 're taking an important step forward in EPA 's efforts to safeguard the health of millions of Americans , " EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said at a press conference to sign the new order . "  Under the Clean Air Act these standards will require American power plants to put in place proven and widely available pollution technologies to control and cut harmful emissions like mercury , arsenic , chromium , nickel and acid gases , " Jackson said . Jackson said the new standards would "  prevent 91 % of mercury in coal from being released in the air . " The D.C. Court of Appeals ordered the EPA to make the rules final by November . Companies have three years to comply , but some could get a one-year extension if the technology can not be installed in time . The Power Plant Mercury and Air Toxics Standards are expected to have broad health benefits , according to the EPA . The pollution control methods are expected to prevent 17,000 premature deaths and 11,000 heart attacks . The EPA said it would also help eliminate 10,000 cases of childhood asthma . The announcement was hailed by the American Lung Association and several groups of doctors who spoke at the press event . A group of second-graders from Amidon-Bowen Elementary School in Washington , D.C. , joined EPA Administration Lisa Jackson as she signed the new guidelines . Dr. Marian Burton , the president of the American Academy of Pediatrics , told the students , "  I think you already know this rule is for you and for all the children in the America who will follow you . "  Dirty air makes people sick . That 's the long and short of it , " Burton continued . "  If you think it 's expensive to put a scrubber on a smokestack you should see how much it costs to treat a preventable birth defect . " Jackson said the instillation and maintenance of the pollution controls would provide jobs as well as health benefits . "  These are good labor-intensive jobs that can not be shipped overseas , " she said . Jackson emphasized these new measures would come at a financial cost for utility companies but said it would level the playing field for utility companies once they are all operating from the same clean air standard . Consumers will see a bump in their bills while utility companies put the new technology in place , she said . "  We estimate impact on utility bills that are pretty minor , three to four dollars a month , " Jackson said . Those costs to companies and consumers she said would be far outweighed by the benefits .	Many utilities would have to install new pollution controls Thousands of deaths expected to be prevented EPA rules will be final by November Companies would have up to 4 years to comply
CNN  -- Grammy Award winners Alicia Keys and John Legend will perform at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing on Thanksgiving on CNN . John Legend will sing "  If You 're Out There " from his just-released album "  Evolver . " Hosted by CNN 's Anderson Cooper , the program honors the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , California . The show will be broadcast globally on CNN , CNN International and CNN en Español at 9 p.m. ET/PT November 27  0200 GMT November 28  . Each of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes will be honored in a documentary tribute and introduced by a celebrity presenter . Actors Cameron Diaz , Salma Hayek , Forest Whitaker , Meg Ryan , Terrence Howard , Lucy Liu , Jessica Biel , Kate Beckinsale and Selena Gomez are among the stars participating in the event . See photos of the presenters " In addition , actor Hugh Jackman will present People magazine 's 2008 Heroes Among Us award to six recipients honored by the magazine this year . People is partnering with CNN for this portion of the telecast . Keys will perform "  Superwoman " from her hit album "  As I Am . " Legend , backed by the Los Angeles-based Agape Choir , will sing "  If You 're Out There " from his just-released album "  Evolver . " The evening will culminate with the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year , chosen through a six-week online poll that generated more than 1 million votes . Viewers were asked to select the CNN Hero who inspired them the most from among the top 10 CNN Heroes selected by a blue-ribbon panel . The Hero of the Year will be awarded $ 100,000 in addition to the $ 25,000 that each of the top 10 CNN Heroes receives . Voting for the CNN Hero of the Year has now closed . Watch a close-up look at the CNN Hero Award " Award-winning producer-director Joel Gallen returns to executive produce this year 's program . Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina , winning an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . " Kodak Theatre is a 3,400-seat venue that opened in November 2001 and is best known as the first permanent home of the Academy Awards .	Grammy winners to perform at CNN Heroes event The show will honor the top 10 CNN Heroes , as selected by a distinguished panel It airs globally at 9 p.m. ET November 27  0200 GMT November 28 The program culminates with the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- You do n't have to tell the Reverend J. Peyton that these are hard times in Indiana . He 's been seeing it for years . The Reverend J. Peyton leads the Big Damn Band in playing the blues . Even down south in rural Brown County , which the country-blues guitarist and his Big Damn Band call home , the struggles on "  Main Street " are more than just a political catchphrase . They 're a reality . The Rev , as he likes to be called , is well aware of the hardships elsewhere in his state , too . In the northern Indiana county of Elkhart , where President Obama held a highly publicized town hall meeting to discuss the economy and his stimulus package , the unemployment rate has more than tripled over the past year to almost 19 percent -- more than double the national average . "  The writing 's been on the wall for a long time , " says The Rev. "  To me , this is n't anything new . It 's new that people are covering it -- it 's new that it 's on the news . " The Reverend Peyton 's Big Damn Band , made up of The Rev , his wife Breezy on washboard and his brother Jayme on drums , has been touring the country almost nonstop for several years , and they 've had a chance to see the harsh realities of the American dream up close . They 've made their personal struggles , their family 's setbacks and stories from people they meet into lyrical fodder -- and despite the grim subject matter , put on an enthusiastically upbeat , memorable performance in each town they play . Watch the Big Damn Band perform "  Worn Out Shoe " " "  We do n't take it lightly , " The Rev says . "  I just hope that when people come to the show , we 're able to make them feel a lot of different things -- make 'em laugh with us and make 'em hurt with us . " It 's a tradition as old as the blues . The Rev says on the band 's Web site , "  I feel like I got to directly be involved in a song . Maybe if I played a different genre of music I 'd feel like I could get away with -LSB- making stuff up -RSB- , but this style of music is too honest ; you ca n't lie to people , because they 'll see right through it . " For The Rev , part of being brutally honest also means keeping it simple , allowing listeners to be engaged with the music without having to search for hidden meaning . Among the songs from the band 's latest album , "  The Whole Fam Damnily , " are "  Ca n't Pay the Bill , " "  The Creek 's Are All Bad " and "  Walmart Killed the Country Store . " The band gets its ideas from personal experience , says The Rev. "  I ai n't got cable where I live , " he says . "  I stay up on current events as well as I can , but I do n't really draw from newspapers . I draw from my family and friends . " Reviewers have praised the work . "  The band bring to their retro-fabricated rootsy Americana an utterly gripping compulsion , " wrote the  UK  Independent 's Andy Gill , giving "  The Whole Fam Damnily " four out of five stars . The Big Damn Band is also the cover story in the April/May issue of Blues Review magazine . What the songs purposefully lack in lyrical flair is made up in sparkling musicianship . The Rev picks his way across old standard-tuned National resonators and acoustic guitars , adding a little slide here and there ; Breezy rattles away with metal-tipped baseball batting gloves and washboard , while Jayme keeps rhythm on a rather modest drum set , highlighted by a 5-gallon pickle bucket . It 's simple , heartfelt country blues at its best , played by a family that revels in its blood ties . And that 's good enough for The Rev. "  You get by through things that do n't cost much , like music , like laughter , like food . You know , those are the things that I think get you by . "	The Reverend Peyton 's Big Damn Band is an Indiana-based blues group Song titles include "  Walmart Killed the Country Store " The Rev : Band wants to "  make 'em laugh with us and make 'em hurt with us "
CNN  -- At least 745 people have died in flooding in Thailand , Cambodia , Vietnam , Laos and the Philippines since July , the Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific said . Thailand has been hit the hardest , with 315 people killed in that time frame , officials said . Monsoon rains across Thailand have affected millions of people in 61 of its provinces , the country 's Flood Relief Operation Command reported . Cambodia , meanwhile , reported 247 dead since July . -- CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Thailand has been hit the hardest with 315 people killed Also hard-hit is Cambodia which has reported 247 dead
CNN  -- Jason Russell , who directed a documentary about a notorious Ugandan warlord that went viral , will remain hospitalized "  a number of weeks " to recover from "  reactive psychosis , " his family said Wednesday . Russell , 33 , was picked up by police last Thursday after several people reported a man running along a San Diego , California , street in his underwear , screaming , sources said . "  Jason 's incident was in no way the result of drugs or alcohol in his body , " the family statement said . "  The preliminary diagnosis he received is called brief reactive psychosis , an acute state brought on by extreme exhaustion , stress and dehydration . " Russell 's family said his doctors told them it was "  a common experience given the great mental , emotional and physical shock his body has gone through in these last two weeks . " "  Even for us , it 's hard to understand the sudden transition from relative anonymity to worldwide attention -- both raves and ridicules , in a matter of days , " their statement said . The filmmaker "  has a long way to go , but we are confident that he will make a full recovery , " his family said . "  He is , and will remain , under hospital care for a number of weeks ; and after that , the recovery process could take months before he is fully able to step back into his role with Invisible Children , " it said . "  During that time , we will focus not on a speedy recovery , but a thorough one . " Russell is one of the founders of the San Diego-based nonprofit group Invisible Children , which produced the half-hour film about warlord Joseph Kony . "  Kony 2012 " skyrocketed to popularity on YouTube , propelled by thousands of posts on Twitter and Facebook , garnering nearly 85 million views since its March 5 release . The popularity of the film led to a flurry of media appearances for Russell and his fellow Invisible Children co-founders and prompted scrutiny from some who argued that the social media frenzy was too little , too late . The group has said it hopes the film and other efforts will make Kony a household name and drum up international support to halt the killings , rapes , abuses and abductions committed by his group , the Lord 's Resistance Army , in central Africa . Kony , who has operated in central Africa for two decades , is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . In October , the United States sent 100 combat-equipped troops on a mission to kill or capture Kony . "  We thought a few thousand people would see the film , but in less than a week , millions of people around the world saw it . While that attention was great for raising awareness about Joseph Kony , it also brought a lot of attention to Jason -- and , because of how personal the film is , many of the attacks against it were also very personal , and Jason took them very hard , " the statement said . Ben Keesey , the group 's chief executive , issued a statement Friday confirming that Russell was hospitalized for "  exhaustion , dehydration and malnutrition . " "  The past two weeks have taken a severe emotional toll on all of us , Jason especially , and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday , " Keesey said . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Witnesses say Jason Russell ran along a street in his underwear , screaming His behavior is "  in no way the result of drugs or alcohol in his body , " family says Russell founded Invisible Children , which made the film about warlord Joseph Kony His "  Kony 2012 " video has nearly 85 million YouTube views
CNN  -- Two U.S. marshals and a police officer were shot Tuesday while trying to serve an arrest warrant in St. Louis , authorities said . One of the marshals , John Perry , died , as did the suspected shooter . Perry , 48 , had been a U.S. marshal for nearly 10 years . The second marshal was shot in the ankle and listed in fair condition after surgery , according to area police . Federal officials identified him as 31-year-old Theodore Abegg . The police officer was taken to a hospital and treated for a "  graze wound to the face and neck " before being released , St. Louis police said . A police spokeswoman had previously said his injuries stemmed from a fall , not the shooting . Authorities identified the alleged gunman as Carlos Boles , 35 . Police and U.S. marshals went to his residence early Tuesday to take Boles into custody , they said . He began shooting and officers returned fire , killing the suspect , they added . Four U.S. marshals have now been shot while serving arrest warrants this year . One marshal was killed in West Virginia in February , while another was injured in Florida in January . "  Our people and our partners are well trained and prepared , but it is impossible to predict when a wanted individual will make a fateful choice that results in the loss of life or injury , " U.S. Marshals Service Director Stacia Hylton said in a statement . "  When that happens , and the life lost is a law enforcement officer or other public servant , it is an immeasurable tragedy felt by all . " CNN 's Kara Devlin , Mike Ahlers , and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : John Perry , 48 , had been a U.S. marshal for almost 10 years The alleged shooter , identified as Carlos Boles , was also killed Police say he opened fire as they were trying to serve an arrest warrant A second U.S. marshal and a police officer were injured
After letting her 7-year-old son walk from their home to a park to play , a Florida mother faces up to five years in jail for child neglect . Nicole Gainey , 34 , was arrested on July 26 after her son , Dominic , was found by police alone in a park less than a half-mile from her Port St. Lucie home . On Saturday afternoon , Gainey had given Dominic permission to walk to Sportsman 's Park , a route he 's familiar with since he uses it to ride his bike to school , her lawyer said . On the way , he passed a public pool , and someone asked him where his mother was . "  They asked me a couple questions , and I got scared , so I ran off to the park and they called the cops , " Dominic Guerrisi told CNN affiliate WPTV . An officer arrived at the park where Dominic was playing a short time later . "  Dominic checked in with his mom a few minutes before the police came and was getting ready to go home for dinner , " said Gainey 's attorney , John Whitehead , founder of the Virginia-based civil liberties group the Rutherford Institute . He always has a cell phone with him and was wearing it in a case around his neck that his mother had made . According to Whitehead , the phone had fallen out of his pocket recently and she did n't want him to lose it . When the officer asked Dominic whether his mother knew where he was , the child told him that she did and he 'd just spoken to her on the phone , according to the police report . Dominic told the police his name , address and mother 's name but was n't able to answer when asked for his date of birth . He was then driven home . Mom arrested after leaving 9-year-old alone at park "  When I saw the police cars pull up in my driveway , and the officers started asking me about Dominic , I was frantic to know whether he was OK , " Gainey told CNN in an e-mail . According to the report , Gainey told the officer that she let her son go to the park alone once or twice a week . The arresting officer said that Gainey had failed to provide her son with care and supervision by allowing him to cross the street and go to the park alone . According to the report , he told her that there had been recent criminal activity in and around the park and a number of sex offenders lived nearby . Gainey was arrested on a felony child neglect charge and taken to jail , leaving Dominic and her 17-year-old daughter at the house with her boyfriend . She was released seven hours later on $ 3,750 bond . The Port St. Lucie Police Department has not responded to requests for comment . As of Thursday afternoon , Gainey 's attorney still had n't received notice of a preliminary hearing . A representative from the Florida State Attorney told CNN that the case had n't been assigned to a prosecutor yet . "  This is a small town and a safe area , " Whitehead said . "  Nicole knows she 's not guilty of anything , and she 'll plead that way if it comes to it . " On Wednesday , Gainey met with an employee from the Florida Department of Children and Families who told her the charges would likely be dropped , according to Whitehead . "  I 'm really sad about how this has already impacted our family , " Gainey wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  My son is worried that I 'll get in trouble if he goes outside . I 'm even worried about getting in trouble if I let him walk down my driveway alone . " A number of child neglect arrests are gaining attention nationwide , with some onlookers arguing local authorities are overstepping bounds in arresting parents for childrearing decisions that would n't have merited notice a generation ago or which plunge families close to the poverty line into even more dire situations . "  Something has shifted and now we 're in the middle of a dangerous societal trend of arresting parents for noncriminal activities , " Whitehead said . Does leaving kids alone make parents criminals ? In early July , Debra Harrell of South Carolina made national news after being arrested after letting her 9-year-old daughter play unattended in a nearby park while she worked . She lost her job at McDonald 's but has since gotten it back and regained custody of her child , according to her attorney , Robert Verner Phillips . She 's awaiting trial , and the Department of Social Services case against her is still open . In March , Shanesha Taylor was arrested in Scottsdale , Arizona , on two counts of felony child abuse after leaving her two children in her Dodge Durango for about an hour while she interviewed for a job . On July 18 , she reached a settlement with the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office dismissing her case if she completes a diversion program . Along with parenting and substance-abuse classes , Taylor is required to establish education and child-care trusts for each of her three children , two of which are still in state custody . Florida 's child neglect statute has no age written into the law . Many states do not specify an age at which a child can be legally left at home or allowed to go places alone . This leaves some parents unsure of when it 's appropriate or even legal to leave a child unsupervised . The Florida Department of Children and Families said in a statement that people who believe they 've witnessed a case of neglect can call a hotline to report it . "  The hotline can be called when a child of any age is without adult supervision or arrangements appropriate for the child 's age or mental or physical condition , so that the child is unable to care for the child 's own needs or another 's basic needs or is unable to exercise good judgment in responding to any kind of physical or emotional crisis , " according to the statement . But the resource is little help to parents who are trying to figure out at what age they can legally allow their children to go out into the world alone . "  Parents I talk to are nervous about doing anything , thinking they could get charged for something without knowing what they 're doing wrong , " Whitehead said.Do you think authorities are simply doing their job by arresting parents who let young children go places alone , or are they overreacting ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Florida mom was arrested after letting her 7-year-old walk to the park alone Her attorney believes the charges will be dropped State 's Attorney has n't assigned a prosecutor to the case State law does n't specify an age at which a child can be left alone
CNN  -- A Canadian family fighting to keep their 13-month-old son on a breathing tube says they have been denied a request to have him transferred to a hospital in Michigan . Moe and Sana Maraachli refused to sign consent when Canadian health officials determined their son Joseph , who suffers from a progressive degenerative neurological disease and was in a persistent vegetative state , should be removed from life support . Joseph is being treated at the London Health Sciences Centre in Ontario . The Maraachlis reached out to the Children 's Hospital of Michigan in Detroit in hopes of having their son transferred there for continued care . Family spokesperson Sam Sansalone said the hospital initially agreed to accept the transfer . He said he has since received an email indicating the request has been denied . Sansalone forwarded an email from the Detroit hospital that he said explains that after a review of Joseph 's records by neurological and intensive care physicians , "  we can not offer Joseph anything that he has not been provided already during his current admission by his current clinical care team ... transfer to our facility will not provide him or the family any benefit . " Vickie Winn , a spokesperson from the Children 's Hospital , confirmed Joseph is not a patient at the hospital but could not offer further comment , citing patient privacy laws . Sansalone said the family is pursuing at least three other hospitals in other states . Baby Joseph 's decline Joseph was born on January 22 , 2010 , and his parents say they noticed something was wrong when he was around 3 months old . "  He could n't eat by mouth . He would n't open his eyes . He did n't cry , and he could n't breathe well , " said his father in a phone conversation . The family lives on the Canada-Michigan border , and they took Joseph to a Michigan hospital a few miles from Windsor , Ontario , in June . He was diagnosed with a metabolic brain disease . "  He saw a neurologist who told us our son would be OK , but may be developmentally delayed , " said Maraachli . "  Never did they say he would die . " After being treated in Michigan , Joseph returned to normal , the family said . After nearly a month of treatment , he started playing with his brother and began eating again . He was fine until October , when he developed a fever . His father noticed rapid breathing . Maraachli says he rushed his son to an emergency room in Canada . Joseph was in respiratory distress . That hospital did n't have a pediatric emergency room , so the infant was moved to London Health Sciences Centre . Disagreement on diagnosis The family says the hospital has it wrong and that their son is not in a persistent vegetative state . Sansalone said they have noted experiences where the baby has responded to being tickled and has jolted when he felt discomfort with examinations or the feeding tubes . They say these are signs he might still have brain function . However , Canadian health officials disagree . On February 17 , they decided Joseph should be removed from life support . The family was given until February 21 to say their goodbyes and sign the consent , but they have yet to do so . The Maraachlis are seeking a second opinion from what they consider to be an objective source that can review the more than 1,000 pages of Joseph 's medical records and provide a better assessment of their son 's treatment options . If he is beyond hope , they want him to be able to receive a tracheotomy , where he can be transferred home and die in the care of family instead of in a hospital . Experts say even if the family is granted this request , caring for a child in this condition is an arduous task . Dr. David Casarett , director of research and evaluation at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wissahickon Hospice , says patients at home with tracheotomies need monitoring to make sure the airway is clear of secretions , the skin is clean and dry and someone can make sure the incision at the tracheotomy site does not get infected . "  A child 's care would be much more complex if a home ventilator is required , since the parents would need to manage the ventilator with the help of a nurse and respiratory therapist , " he said . Parallels with Terri Schiavo The family plight has caught the attention of Bobby Schindler , the brother of Terri Schiavo . She was the woman whose family fought to have her sustained on a feeding tube for more than a decade and who became the centerpiece of a national right-to-die battle in the United States . "  There are some parallels , " Schindler said . "  The family 's intention is to bring the baby home and show him the love and compassion that only families can really give a child , just like we did with my sister Terry , " he says . Schindler is joined by a coalition of advocates en route to Canada to help the Maraachlis with their case . Suzanne Vitadamo , spokesperson for the Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network and Terri 's sister , issued the following statement : "  It is unacceptable for Canadian Health Allocation Officials and/or the Canadian Government to make decisions for Joseph that will end his life and deny the wishes of his loving parents . "  Every patient , regardless of age , has a right to proper and dignified health care . It is frightening to once again see government usurp the God-given rights of parents to love and care for their child at home , especially when the child is dying . "	Canadian family does n't want to take 13-month-old son off life support Doctors in Canada say the baby is in a persistent vegetative state ; family disagrees Moe and Sana Maraachli say they 've tried to get their son into a U.S. hospital Situation has caught attention of the Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network
From around Aleppo in western Syria to small areas of Falluja in central Iraq , al Qaeda now controls territory that stretches more than 400 miles across the heart of the Middle East , according to English and Arab language news accounts as well as accounts on jihadist websites . Indeed , al Qaeda appears to control more territory in the Arab world than it has done at any time in its history . The focus of al Qaeda 's leaders has always been regime change in the Arab world in order to install Taliban-style regimes . Al Qaeda 's leader Ayman al-Zawahiri acknowledged as much in his 2001 autobiography , "  Knights Under the Banner of the Prophet , " when he explained that the most important strategic goal of al Qaeda was to seize control of a state , or part of a state , somewhere in the Muslim world , explaining that , "  without achieving this goal our actions will mean nothing . " Now al-Zawahiri is closer to his goal than he has ever been . On Friday al-Qaeda 's affiliate in Iraq seized control of parts of the city of Falluja and parts of the city of Ramadi , both of which are located in Iraq 's restive Anbar Province . Anbar is home to predominantly Sunni Muslims , who feel that that the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki treats the Sunnis as second-class citizens . Sectarian tensions in Anbar recently burst into several all-out revolts against the government , and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , as the al-Qaeda affiliate there is known , quickly seized the opportunity to notch some battlefield victories . Government forces increased their presence around Falluja in response and on Tuesday tribal leaders issued a statement urging people who had fled the city or stopped reporting to work to return . ISIS is also operating in Syria , where it has established a presence in many areas of the Aleppo and Idlib Governorates in the northwest . In August , ISIS launched a propaganda series on video highlighting their activities in Syria , which includes interviews with fighters ; the "  graduation " of a group of mujahedin "  cubs "  aged about 7 to 10 years old  from training , and sermons at local mosques preaching al Qaeda 's interpretation of Islam . The al-Nusra front has claimed to control parts of at least a dozen Syrian towns . Those include sections of the ancient city of the Aleppo in the northwest , where fighters have been filmed running a community fair and preaching al Qaeda 's values to crowds of children . The group has also released videos on jihadist websites claiming that it is providing services to the people of several towns in the governorate of Idlib , which borders the Aleppo Governorate to the west . Al Nusra claims that it is a quasi-government and service-provider in the towns of Binnish , Taum , and Saraqib . Al-Nusra fighters allied to al Qaeda function like a government in areas they control in Syria . The group provides daily deliveries of bread , free running water and electricity , a health clinic , and a strict justice system based on Sharia law in the eastern Syrian city of Ash Shaddadi , where it also took control of the city 's wheat silos and oil wells . In September a CNN reporting team concluded , "  Al Qaeda has swept to power with the aim of imposing a strict Islamist ideology on Syrians across large swathes of Syria 's rebel-held north . " In sum , al Qaeda affiliates now control much of northern and northwestern Syria as well as some parts of eastern Syria , as well as much of Anbar province , which is around a third of Iraqi territory . Al-Nusra is engaged in a protracted fight to maintain a foothold in the eastern city of Dayr al-Zur , where , as in Ash Shaddadi , the militants have their hands on an energy source , this time in the form of natural gas . On Friday the group released a video on a jihadist website claiming it was grinding some 10 tons of wheat each day to provide bread for the residents of Dayr al-Zur . In the video , a bearded man who identifies himself as part of al-Nusra gives a National Geographic-esque tour of a wheat silo where bags of wheat are filled , weighed , and transported to a bread-making facility , where industrial mixers churn dough . Similar videos released throughout the second half of 2013 depict al-Nusra fighters providing health care , legal services , electricity and food to civilians in the cities of Daraa , Homs , Hama , and even the suburbs of the capital Damascus , where the government still enjoys fairly secure authority . Al Qaeda 's expansion in Syria will not continue unchecked , though . Many Syrians are unhappy about being ruled by the strict jihadist militants . Over the past several days fighting has broken out between ISIS and an alliance of various rebel factions in Syria , including al-Qaeda 's other affiliate in the country , the al-Nusra Front . This fighting has taken a toll on ISIS , which has been forced to withdraw from a number of key Syrian towns as a result of attacks by the other rebel groups . The infighting amongst Syrian rebels is not good news for the fate of the uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , but it could prompt the United States to increase its shipments of arms and supplies to "  moderate " Syrian rebels in the FSA . However , even an increase in U.S. aid to the rebels would be unlikely to sway the conflict significantly , which means al-Assad will remain in power and the war will continue as it has over the past three years . Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday that the United States will "  do everything that is possible to help " the Iraqi government control al Qaeda 's expansion in Anbar , but stressed that no American troops would be sent back to the Middle Eastern nation . Last month , the United States quietly sent Hellfire missiles and surveillance drones to the Iraqi government to support their fight against increasing al Qaeda-related violence . This weaponry is unlikely to make a substantial difference to the mounting violence in Iraq where violence has returned to the levels it was in 2008 , near the height of the Iraq war . Indeed , by any reasonable standard Iraq is now mired back in a civil war . Last year almost 8,000 Iraqi civilians were killed in the conflict , according to the UN . For the United States the widening reach of al Qaeda in the Middle East does n't necessarily translate into an immediate threat at home . So far only a handful of Americans have fought in the Syrian conflict alongside al Qaeda 's affiliates there so concerns about some kind of "  blowback " from the Syrian war in the U.S. are , at this point , unfounded , European countries are rightly concerned , however . Many European countries have seen their citizens drawn to the Syrian war ; more than a hundred from Britain and many dozens from countries like Norway , Denmark and the Netherlands , according to multiple European officials we have spoken to . These countries are concerned that the retuning veterans of the Syrian conflict might launch terrorist attacks in Europe . In October for instance , British authorities arrested militants who were allegedly planning a terrorist attack . Two British officials who work on counterterrorism issues told us that that the militants had recently traveled to Syria . The United States and its allies should therefore make a careful effort to track the foreign fighters who have joined jihadist groups fighting in Syria .	Al Qaeda affiliates made gains in Syria and Iraq in recent months Peter Bergen says al Qaeda appears to control more territory in Arab world than ever before He says the focus of al Qaeda leaders has always been regime change in Middle East Bergen : There is push back against al Qaeda from Maliki regime in Iraq and from Syrians
New York City 's attempt to keep people from fattening up on sugary soft drinks , by banning some of them , would disproportionately hurt small , minority-owned businesses , according to the NAACP and the Hispanic Federation . The two groups have filed a joint brief supporting a lawsuit by the American Beverage Association in which they say New York 's unelected Board of Health overstepped its power in approving the ban the sale of sugary drinks bigger than 16 ounces in certain city venues . Due to take effect in March , the ban is meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles , according to the New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's office . But many have decried the ban as a sign of the growing "  nanny-state " and an unfair intrusion on personal freedom . It was passed in September by the New York City Board of Health , following weeks of intense debate . In their jointly-filed amicus brief , the NAACP New York State Conference and the Hispanic Federation repeatedly claim that small , minority-owned businesses will suffer from the ban while their much-larger competitors will get a pass . The ban will "  selectively and unfairly harm small and minority-owned businesses by discriminatorily preventing them from selling large ` sugary beverages ' while allowing their large competitors such as 7-11 and grocery stores to carry the banned sugary beverages , " according to the brief . Read more : New York businesses file suit against ban on large sodas 7-Eleven -- manufacturer of perhaps the most iconic oversized drink vessel , the Big Gulp -- and other grocery stores and convenience stores will indeed be exempt from the ban , because they are regulated by the state , not the city . The uneven implementation of the ban will harm the very businesses that can least afford it , said Hispanic Federation spokesman Jose Davila "  Any little thing is going to hurt them ... they 're just subsisting , " he said . The mayor 's office reiterated its commitment to the ban on Wednesday , citing the prevalence of obesity among minorities as one of the very reasons why the ban is needed . "  The obesity crisis impacting the nation , and disproportionately affecting minorities , calls for bold action and we are confident support will grow as more people learn about the unique impact sugary drinks have on this epidemic , " said Samantha Levine , a spokeswoman for Mayor Bloomberg . Coca-Cola has also donated thousands of dollars to an NAACP health education program called Project HELP , which included $ 75,000 over the past two years . The Hispanic Federation received an equal amount from the beverage giant in 2012 , according to Jose Calderon , the group 's president . "  If this was the first time that Coca-Cola had given us money , sure it would raise questions , " said Hazel Dukes , president of the NAACP 's New York chapter . "  But it 's not the first time ... Coca-Cola has been supporting the NAACP national and locally through the years . " At 44.1 % , non-Hispanic blacks have the highest rates of obesity in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Mexican Americans have the second-highest at 39.3 % . At a hearing in New York City Wednesday , an attorney representing the American Beverage Association laid the groundwork to request a stay of the ban , according to American Beverage Association spokesman Chris Gindelsperger . "  For an unelected board of political appointees to make decisions that will seriously harm the family-owned businesses I grew up with is unacceptable , " said Councilwoman Letitia James , who has also filed an amicus brief in support of the American Beverage Association 's suit , in a statement after Wednesday 's hearing . In opposing the ban , both the NAACP and the Hispanic Federation stress that they acknowledge that obesity is a major problem for their respective communities , but that the ban is the wrong approach to the issue . "  We 've been screaming bloody murder for decades now " about an obesity crisis in the Latino community , Davila said . In their court filing , both groups contend the problem would be better addressed "  through education and community programs " that "  encourage physical activity and a balanced diet . " In addition to justifying the proposal on health grounds , Bloomberg has cited cost-saving as an impetus for the policy . New York City spends an estimated $ 4 billion each year on medical care for overweight people , the mayor has said . Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight	NYC voted to ban sale of sugary drinks bigger than 16 ounces in some venues Issue caused weeks of debate on public-health imperatives and consumer freedom NAACP , Hispanic Federation filed brief supporting lawsuit by American Beverage Association
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for a blast that killed 10 people near the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar on Friday . A suicide bomber rode a motorbike up to a security checkpoint a third of a mile from the consulate and detonated 22 pounds of explosives attached to his body , police spokesman Mohammad Faisal said . Along with those killed , the strike also injured 31 others , Pakistani military officials said . Violent attacks occur frequently around Peshawar , which is in Pakistan 's northwest near the border with Afghanistan and adjacent to Pakistan 's tribal region . Among the dead were four men and two women . No one from the consulate was injured in the blast , military officials said . Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan passed along the claim of responsibility to CNN in a phone conversation . A week ago , a car bomb exploded at a nearby camp for internally displaced people , killing 12 and injuring 32 others . The Jalozai camp houses hundreds of thousands of people who have left the country 's tribal region . Peshawar is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , which is rife with Islamic extremists , including the Pakistani Taliban . It has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants .	The suicide bomber also wounds dozens He rides up to a security checkpoint on a motorbike Peshawar is adjacent to Pakistan 's restive tribal region in the northwest It is near the border with Afghanistan and rife with Islamist extremists
CNN  -- A SpaceX rocket with a 7,000-pound communications satellite on top lifted off from Cape Canaveral on Tuesday evening after two earlier launch dates were scrubbed . The Falcon 9 booster thundered into the skies over Florida at 5:41 p.m. in the private space contractor 's first attempt to put a satellite into a stationary orbit around Earth -- a flight the company has called its "  most challenging mission to date . " The SES-8 satellite will relay signals to and from the South Asia and Asia Pacific regions from 50,000 miles  80,000 kilometers  above the Earth 's surface . Its first planned launch on November 25 was scrubbed when controllers received questionable readings from the liquid oxygen system in the first stage ; the second , on November 28 , was called off after finding oxygen in the engine igniter fluid , the company said . "  Better to be paranoid and wrong , " SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted .	SpaceX mission under way on third try The Falcon 9 rocket is carrying a 7,000-pound communications satellite It 's the company 's first attempt to put a satellite into geosynchronous orbit
FORT COLLINS , Colorado  CNN  -- The College Republicans , a student organization at Colorado State University , were n't planning anything special for the last week of September . Colorado State student Yael Yund , 21 , signs a petition calling for David McSwane 's resignation . Then on September 21 , David McSwane , the editor-in-chief of The Rocky Mountain Collegian , the daily student newspaper , printed the four-word column that sparked a national free speech debate and sent the College Republicans into action , writing a petition to force him to resign . "  Taser this : F**k Bush " was printed on the opinion page of the newspaper , causing CSU president Larry Penley to issue a formal statement and the Board of Student Communications to plan a meeting for Wednesday night . During the meeting they will decide on the fate of McSwane and his future involvement with the publication . "  We 'll present our petition to the board at the meeting , " said student Chelsey Penoyer , the chairman of the College Republicans . "  We 're petitioning that he should resign on his own . The petition also urges students to think twice before going to businesses who continue advertising with The Collegian . " In a confidential memo mistakenly released to the local newspaper , The Coloradoan , Fort Collins businesses have already pulled out $ 30,000 in advertising with The Collegian , which relies completely on external revenue to operate , not student fees . According to the memo , to make up for the loss , student employee wages were cut by 10 percent , the newspaper reported . McSwane confirmed the memo after its release . McSwane has defended his actions , referring to the incident involving a college student who was Tasered at a recent John Kerry speech in Florida . He said that his decision was exercising his right to free speech . He refused to comment for this story . Students around the CSU campus expressed a majority feeling that while they felt McSwane 's right to free speech should be protected , many of them felt as though he misused it . "  At first I totally supported him and the paper , " said senior Evan Isoline , who read the initial column when it came out . "  I thought he was making a political statement and then throwing away his college career at the paper . I thought he would resign right away . "  Now you look at it and it 's like , ` Taser this . Taser what ? ' The issue is n't even about President Bush . If you 're going to stand up for something like that you have to have something to back it up . You have to believe in something . " Some students however have stopped in to the newsroom in support of the paper 's actions . "  I completely support him and the paper for their decision , " said Alesia Gifford , vice president of the Young Democrats , another political student organization . "  In this society we are taking a step backwards , especially with the free speech debate . President Bush has lost our respect as a country . "  At some point we have to stand up for our rights . -LSB- McSwane -RSB- was just showing that speech , even when explicit , should always be protected by the First Amendment . " Many more students however were shocked at the paper 's decision and failed to see the political stance they took . In addition to writing a column they felt lacked substance , students also were concerned of what it would do to the university 's image . "  It makes the students at Colorado State look like a bunch of uneducated children who do n't have anything intelligent to say , " Penoyer said . "  So we just yell bad words . " E-mail to a friend	CSU College Republicans want newspaper editor to resign Editorial said "  Taser this : F**k Bush " Editor David McSwain says he was exercising free speech Campus newspaper reportedly lost ads , cut salaries
CNN  -- An alleged gang member who was on the FBI 's Top 10 List of most wanted fugitives and sought in connection with a 2000 attack on two Los Angeles , California , officers was captured in Mexico , authorities said Monday . Emigdio Preciado Jr. , believed to be 39 , was captured Friday in the hills Yagos , Mexico , according to the FBI . Emigdio Preciado Jr. , who is believed to be 39 , was captured Friday in the town of Santiago Escuintla in western central Mexico , north of coastal Puerto Vallarta , according to Mexican authorities . He had been living there , using the name Regalo Castaneda-Castaneda and working as a fisherman , the FBI said . Authorities believe Preciado stepped out of a van and opened fire on two Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputies with an assault rifle in September 2000 , according to the FBI . Twenty-one rounds were fired ; one hit a deputy in the head and critically injured him . The deputy has since recovered and returned to duty . The FBI said that although Preciado 's identifying tattoos had been surgically removed , Mexican police and FBI agents confirmed his identity through fingerprints at the time of his arrest . Specific details regarding Preciado 's capture were not released . But Sal Hernandez , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles office , said a reward of $ 150,000 offered on the FBI Web site would be paid . "  The significance of the publicity in this case and the reward offered can not be understated , " Hernandez said , according to the statement . Preciado , a U.S. citizen , is in the custody of Mexican federal police , the FBI said . He is expected to be transferred to Mexico City , where extradition proceedings will take place . Preciado was sought on a California parole violation at the time of the 2000 shooting , authorities said in the statement , and has an extensive criminal record . He was added to the FBI 's Top 10 list in March 2007 .	Sought in connection with 2000 attack on two Los Angeles , California , officers Emigdio Preciado Jr. , captured Friday in hills near Yagos , Mexico , FBI said Preciado 's identifying tattoos had been surgically removed , said FBI Mexican police and FBI agents confirmed his identity through fingerprints
London  CNN  -- Chasing stories on soccer star David Beckham for rival papers put a strain on the relationship between former newspaper chief Rebekah Brooks and ex-Downing Street spin doctor Andy Coulson , a court heard Wednesday . Brooks , Coulson and five others are on trial facing phone hacking charges , including conspiracy to intercept the voice mails of high-profile figures in Britain . All seven deny wrongdoing . Brooks , the former chief executive of Rupert Murdoch 's UK newspaper arm , News International , and onetime editor of the News of the World and The Sun newspapers , has denied having a long-running affair with Coulson but said they were close . Continuing her defense testimony Wednesday , Brooks told the court how her personal relationship with Coulson affected their professional relationship when she was editor of The Sun and he was editor of sister paper -- yet fierce rival -- News of the World . Coulson became editor of the News of the World after Brooks . "  It was our own fault complicating the friendship , " Brooks told London 's Old Bailey court , saying they had previously been good at keeping a "  Chinese wall " between the two newspapers . She said their professional relationship became especially strained in April 2004 when the News of the World broke a story about an alleged affair by Beckham . It had put out a "  spoof " edition on a Saturday evening , and The Sun would not know about the story until it reached newsstands . Other newspapers such as The Daily Mail and Daily Mirror , however , learned about the story before Brooks , who said : "  I was not best pleased about that situation . " She told the jury she knew Beckham and his wife , Victoria , socially and would occasionally go out to dinner with them to try to encourage the sports star to write for the paper . "  Andy would have known that I had a direct line to the Beckhams , " she said . When asked if she would have hesitated in stealing the story , she replied , "  No , probably not . " Letter read aloud in court Allegations that the two defendants had a clandestine affair emerged earlier in the trial when the prosecution read out a letter written by Brooks to Coulson , a former communications director for British Prime Minister David Cameron , as he tried to end their relationship . The prosecution said the affair ran from 1998 to 2004 -- during some of which time both Brooks and Coulson were married to others -- and it revealed the level of trust between the defendants . Testifying in her defense Friday , Brooks said there were periods of physical intimacy at that time , including from 2003 to 2005 , when her marriage to actor Ross Kemp was breaking up , and again briefly in 2006 . Brooks also told the court Wednesday about how she learned while on vacation in Italy in 2006 that police had raided the News of the World offices and royal editor Clive Goodman had been arrested , accused of intercepting voice mails of members of the royal household . She described initial confusion about the allegations , saying she almost certainly would have called Coulson , who was then editor of the News of the World , to find out what was going on . "  It was a huge news story if nothing else , " she said . Private investigator Glenn Mulcaire was also arrested on phone hacking charges . Brooks said there was a "  certain amount of grumpiness " from the Sun team in reaction to the allegations at the News of the World . "  They  the Sun team  felt they were cheating by intercepting voice mails , " she said . Brooks said police later told her that Mulcaire had hacked her own phone for 18 months . She said she was "  pretty shocked " about being hacked and "  certainly surprised " because she had a personal PIN code and thought it would be secure . In a raid on Mulcaire 's house , police found notebooks with reference to Kemp , Brooks ' former husband . She said she met with police because "  being a journalist by nature , " she wanted to find out as much as possible about how the investigation into the News of the World was going . They gave her no indication at that stage they were investigating any wrongdoing at the News of the World during her editorship , Brooks said . She told the court she later agreed with senior management at The Sun not to pursue a case against Mulcaire over the hacking of her phone . Mulcaire and Goodman were jailed after pleading guilty to phone hacking in 2007 . A job offer and ' a delicate situation ' Brooks told the court she believed a line had been drawn under the phone hacking scandal after Goodman and Mulcaire were sentenced . She had lunch with Goodman shortly after his release from prison in April 2007 and offered him a job because he was taking News International to an employment tribunal over his dismissal while he was in prison . She told the court he was alleging that other people at News International knew he was accessing voice mails , that others knew about the practice and were involved in it . Brooks said she had "  a very sound belief that there was no foundation to these allegations . " "  It was a delicate situation . Clive was angry he had been dismissed . He felt he had been unfairly treated by the company , " she said . Goodman did not take up the job offer . Hacking of missing schoolgirl 's voice mails On Tuesday , Brooks denied ever having approved the practice of phone hacking while editor of the News of the World . She said she was aware of the possibility that some voice mails could be accessed by the late 1990s . But asked by her defense attorney if she was ever asked to sanction the practice while editor of the News of the World , from 2000 to 2003 , she said : "  No . " Questioning focused Tuesday on the News of the World 's actions in the case of 13-year-old Milly Dowler , a British schoolgirl who went missing and was later found murdered in 2002 . The News of the World was closed down in July 2011 amid public outrage over allegations that its employees hacked the young girl 's voice mail messages while she was missing . Brooks said the first time she heard the newspaper had accessed Dowler 's voice mails was on July 4 , 2011 , and she was shocked . She was on vacation during the week that the News of the World hacked Dowler 's phone , she testified , and it was not brought to her attention . Her then-deputy , Coulson , was editing the paper that week , she said . Last week , Brooks was cleared of one of two charges of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office , at the judge 's direction . She still faces two charges of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice , one of conspiracy to hack voice mail messages and the remaining charge of conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Rebekah Brooks calls first phone hacking arrests "  a huge story if nothing else " Brooks says she and Andy Coulson were good at keeping "  Chinese wall " between their papers Brooks , Coulson and five others are on trial facing phone hacking charges The defendants deny the charges against them
Rome  CNN  -- Allegations that Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had sex with a teenage prostitute are "  mud " thrown on him by political opponents who want to get rid of him , the scandal-prone politician said . "  But this time they 've surpassed any limit , " Berlusconi said in a statement . "  The mud will fall on those who use justice as a political weapon . " The "  judicial machination ... will not succeed in stopping us or in taking us away from our commitment to change the country . This time also they will not succeed , " he said in the statement posted on his party 's website Saturday . Berlusconi is under investigation for allegedly having sex with the teenager , say prosecutors in Milan , who are linking the case to prostitution activity . The teen , identified as nightclub dancer Karima El Mahrough and nicknamed Ruby , was 17 at the time of the alleged activity , from February till May . She denied ever having sex with him in an interview recorded Saturday and broadcast Sunday . She said Berlusconi was "  a person who is accused of something he has never done . "  If you want to write , then write things that are true and not these lies and bar-room gossip , " she told journalists and prosecutors . "  If you do n't like Berlusconi , then attack him with something else . Not with this taking advantage of a girl . " But she said she had received 7,000 euros  about $ 9,300  from him the first time they met , on Valentine 's Day 2010 , because a friend told Berlusconi she needed help . She said she was a guest at several dinners he gave , but that she did not know him well . She told the prime minister , among others , that she was 24 "  because I did n't want people to know that I was a minor , " she said in the interview broadcast on Italy 's Sky TG24 . The Milan prosecutor said Berlusconi is being probed for complicity in prostitution with a minor and abuse of power . Italian media reports say Berlusconi has been summoned for questioning from January 21 to 23 , but it is unclear if he will answer the prosecutor 's summons . The premier 's attorneys called the investigation "  absurd and groundless " and a "  grave interference " in Berlusconi 's private life . Milan prosecutors started the investigation of this case in December after the premier called police and urged the teen 's release from prison . She had been arrested in May on charges of theft . Prosecutors also sent police to search the home of Nicole Minetti , a member of Berlusconi 's party and a Lombardy regional council member . Berlusconi allegedly asked Minetti to serve as Ruby 's tutor so the girl would be able to leave prison . Minetti is under investigation for allegedly favoring and aiding juvenile prostitution , prosecutors said . The teen is now 18 and is considered an adult . The premier has always denied having any involvement with any prostitutes or helping prostitution or having wild parties at this house . The latest investigation emerges after Italy 's Constitutional Court struck down last week key parts of a law that would protect Berlusconi from prosecution . The law was designed to halt criminal proceedings against top government officials for 18 months on the grounds that they are too busy to appear in court . But Italy 's top court ruled that judges , not politicians , should be the ones to determine if a defendant is free to appear in court . Separate trials against Berlusconi are pending . He 's accused of bribing a witness to commit perjury in one case and of tax fraud and other financial irregularities in another . Both trials began but were suspended when the immunity law was passed . Berlusconi has called the charges politically motivated . A third case against the prime minister , also related to tax fraud , is in preliminary stages . Berlusconi has been tried on at least 17 charges since first taking office as prime minister in 1994 , but he remains very popular with the Italian public . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Italy 's prime minister is accused of sex with a 17-year-old nightclub dancer He dismisses the allegations , saying his opponents have gone too far this time The woman in question tells an Italian TV station she never had sex with him Italy 's top court just struck down a law shielding Berlusconi from prosecution
Boko Haram Islamists abducted 60 females , including children , and killed 30 men last week in a raid of a village in northeastern Nigeria , two sources said Tuesday . Dressed as soldiers , the gunmen invaded the village of Kummabza in Borno state on June 18 and held the people hostage for four days , the sources said . After killing the 30 male villagers and looting food supplies , they whisked away 60 female hostages and set the village on fire with petrol bombs and explosives , a senior local government official said . Some of the kidnapped girls were between the ages of 3 and 12 . News of the raid was slow to emerge after insurgents bombed telecom masts , limiting communication . But details filtered out when residents left the village Monday after the insurgents withdrew . "  They took away 60 women , including small girls , after holding the village hostage for four days and killing 30 men , " said the local official , who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals from Boko Haram . "  They set the whole village on fire while they were leaving after carting away all the foodstuff from the barns , " the official said . Abba Aji Khalili , a vigilante leader in Maiduguri , said , "  The survivors had to trek to nearby Lassa village 25 kilometers away and Madagali town in neighboring Adamawa state before people got to know what had happened . " Some villagers too weak to make the long trek were still in the village in "  dire need of humanitarian assistance , " Khalil said . "  They are facing a serious humanitarian challenge " because they have no access to food , water and shelter , he said . Northeastern Nigeria is the home of Boko Haram , the militant Islamists who abducted scores of schoolgirls in April . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south .	Village raid occurred in Nigeria 's Borno state , where Boko Haram has a presence Several dozen girls and women were abducted , sources say Thirty male villagers were killed , and the militants looted the village for food , they say
Bihar , India  CNN  -- In less than a week 's time at two separate India schools , police said Friday , they believe that children have been poisoned by their school lunches . At least 23 students in the southwestern coastal state of Goa were treated at a hospital after they got sick at lunch , authorities said . The students , in the third to fifth grades at St. Joseph School , have been released from treatment , Vishram Borkar , a police superintendent in Goa , told CNN . St. Joseph School is a government-aided private institution , he said . "  We have registered a case of food poisoning , " he told CNN , "  and our investigation is on . " Earlier this week , 23 students died and 25 people were hospitalized from food poisoning after a school lunch in northern India 's Bihar state . There were two cooks at the Bihar school , an official told CNN . Two children of one of them -- Panna Devi -- ate the toxic food and have died , medical superintendent Amarkant Jha Amar told CNN . Panna Devi is not receiving treatment because she did n't eat the toxic food , Amar said . She has a third child who ate the food and is improving at a hospital , the medical chief said . The other cook , Manju Devi , is also hospitalized , along with her three children , Amar added . Earlier , CNN-IBN had reported that two of Manju Devi 's children had died . Bihar state is one of India 's poorest . Experts have said the deaths shine a light on food safety in the country and have prompted discussion on how to improve national school food programs amid news that authorities warned of safety problems with Bihar 's school meal program months ago . On Friday , authorities in Bihar announced that a new committee would be formed to strengthen food preparation in rural schools . The state 's mid-day meal director , R. Lakshmanan , said village communities will also help monitor standards of meals for schoolchildren . Deaths cause protests The Bihar students , who authorities said were between the ages of 5 and 12 , started vomiting soon after their first bite of lunch . Some fainted . The parents of at least three children have buried their lost ones near the school -- one right in front of the building , according to CNN journalists who saw the burial mounds . An official told CNN that the parents did so out of protest . After the Bihar tragedy , demonstrations sprang up around the area as people angrily demanded answers . One news video showed men apparently attacking a school bus with sticks . Others gathered together and held signs . Students at nearby schools refused to eat . A group that supplies lunches to schools in the Chhapra district of Patna was attacked . It 's unclear whether the children were intentionally or accidentally poisoned . An investigation is under way , and police told CNN that investigators have been unable to find the headmistress of the school in order to question her . Authorities were questioning the cook , also hospitalized in the tragedy . Agricultural chemical suspected Officials believe the poison was an organophosphorus compound , a type of chemical that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says is commonly used in agriculture . It 's a nerve agent related to sarin gas , which is used in chemical warfare , the U.S. Health Department says . Exposure to a high dose can cause an irregular heartbeat , difficulty breathing , paralysis and seizures . Bihar state Education Minister P.K. Shahi said the children were poisoned by an insecticide that was in the food . Shahi said he heard reports that the cook had questioned the quality of the oil she was supposed to use , but was overruled by the school 's headmistress . "  The information which has come to me indeed suggests that the headmistress was told by the cook that medium of cooking was not proper , and she suspected the quality of the oil , " Shahi said . "  But the headmistress rebuked her , and chastised the children , and forced them to continue the meal . " According to the Indian government 's figures , nearly half of India 's children suffer from malnutrition of some sort . Since a landmark Supreme Court decision in 2001 , all government schools in India have been required to provide free meals to students younger than 13 . Bihar state has been working "  to improve the quality and ... try to get good food served , " Shahi told CNN . "  However , the challenge is still there because the magnitude of this program is so huge that there are a number of challenges . " He said those challenges are at least partly financial . "  Even though I would unhesitatingly admit that there are some quality issues before us , this is the first incident which has happened in the state , " Shahi said . "  In the past , we have received complaints regarding quality , but the incident of this nature ... has really shocked us -- shocked the entire state . " Mom anguishes over child poisoned by lunch : Why are n't you coming back ? CNN 's Harmeet Singh reported from India , and CNN 's Ashley Fantz wrote in Atlanta .	23 students from a Goa state school treated for food poisoning , police say 23 students died and 25 people were hospitalized in Bihar state earlier this week The deaths in Bihar have prompted a focus on food safety Authorities think the poison in the Bihar case was a chemical used in agriculture
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The United Nations body responsible for preserving the world 's most important cultural sites voted Friday to grant "  world heritage " status to the Church of the Nativity in the Palestinian city of Bethlehem . The declaration by U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization covers the West Bank church , venerated by Christians as the birthplace of Jesus , and the surrounding route taken by religious pilgrims . It marks the Palestinians ' first bid for inclusion on the prestigious list of sites deemed to hold "  outstanding universal value " as part of the world 's shared heritage . It comes after Palestinians were granted membership of UNESCO last October , when the body 's general assembly voted overwhelmingly to accept them . The vote proved controversial within the United States , which holds the view that Palestinians must reach a peace deal with Israel before the Palestinian Territories can be granted full membership in international organizations . The United States ' and Israel 's subsequent funding cut to the body caused UNESCO lose more than a fifth of its revenues . Rebels burn Timbuktu tomb listed as U.N. World Heritage site The declaration , announced in the Russian city of St. Petersburg , was backed by 13 of the body 's 21 members . Two countries abstained , while six countries voted against the declaration . Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Malki , in St. Petersburg for the vote , thanked all those who voted in favor of including Bethlehem 's holiest sites on the world heritage list . "  The victory of Palestine in international organizations is the beginning of the end of the Israeli occupation , " Malki said in a statement . Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization 's executive committee who heads the group 's Department of Culture and Information , told CNN from Ramallah that the vote affirms the Palestinian identity and is one step toward Palestinian self-determination . "  Now we are responsible for our cultural and historical sites as part of human civilization as a whole , " Ashrawi said . "  Politically it is important , because it is the beginning of the loosening of the control of the Israeli occupation on our land , on our lives , on our culture and at all attempts of confiscation and distortion of our cultural heritage and reality , " Ashrawi said . Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor told CNN that Israel was opposed to the move . "  This is a real theater of the absurd . The Palestinians have stepped over the regular procedure of UNESCO and distorted the usual proceeding in order to vote a decision that has nothing to do with world heritage sites and even less to do with this site , the Church of the Nativity , " he said . New Delhi 's heritage sites "  The only purpose of this unprecedented voting procedure was to turn the commission into a propaganda tool against Israel . This should be denounced by all member countries of UNESCO , otherwise this will not be the Palestinians ' last word . " The West Bank city of Bethlehem , about 8 kilometers  5 miles  south of Jerusalem , is considered the Palestinian Territories ' top visitor destination , largely due to the religious significance of the church . One of the oldest surviving Christian churches in the world , it drew 2 million visitors last year , according to Nada Atrash , an architect and head of the research and training unit at Bethlehem 's Center for Cultural Heritage Preservation , which has been lobbying for the site 's designation as a World Heritage destination . Atrash said the center considers Bethlehem 's inclusion on the list "  as a Palestinian dream , and as a reward of 11 years of work in the field of preserving the cultural and natural heritage in Palestine . " Visitor numbers have hit record highs in recent years but , according to a report into developing tourism in the town , Bethlehem has yet to properly capitalize on its potential . The majority of the visitors were day-trippers on short visits , meaning the full economic benefits of tourism did not flow into the town . Africa 's heritage sites under threat Atrash said it is hoped that gaining world heritage status will help efforts to boost Bethlehem 's appeal as a destination and keep visitors in the town longer . "  We are mainly seeking to extend the stay of the visitors , who usually drop  in  to Bethlehem for few hours to visit the church and leave without visiting the town , " she said . "  We hope that this inscription would contribute to both the promotion of the site and its protection . " Concerns have been raised over the condition of the church , which has suffered extensive earthquake damage in its long history . Another issues is that responsibility for its administration is shared among three religious authorities : the Greek Orthodox , Armenian and Roman Catholic churches . On occasion , tensions among the groups have spilled over into violence ; in December , about 100 Greek Orthodox and Armenian clerics fought with brooms when a tussle broke out while cleaning the church . One of Christianity 's most holy places , the site 's focal point is the Grotto of the Nativity , a rectangular cavern beneath the church that has been considered the site of Christ 's birth since at least the 2nd century . A 14-point silver star set into the marble floor marks the precise spot where Jesus is said to have been born . In the 4th century , Emperor Constantine founded a church on the site that was destroyed in the year 529 , only to be replaced by larger structures , which form the basis of the church today . UNESCO suspends year-end projects due to U.S. funding cut	The Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem is now the first Palestinian world heritage site The vote signals a loosening of Israeli control on Palestinian land , a Palestinian official says "  This is a real theater of the absurd , " says an Israeli foreign office spokesman U.S. and Israeli funding to UNESCO was cut over Palestinian membership
CNN  -- If this long-delayed and blatantly pandering CGI malarkey is anything to go by , Hollywood 's current craze for fairy tales is n't going to have a happy ending . Originally slated for release last spring , "  Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters " was ostensibly pushed back to take advantage of Jeremy Renner 's rising star  he had "  The Bourne Legacy " and "  Avengers " coming out in the summer  . Renner is entitled to cash in on his "  Hurt Locker " acclaim and make a living like anybody else , but I 'll bet he was more animated cashing his check than he is as a gun-toting medieval witch slayer , the little boy from Grimm 's fairytale grown up with a chip on his shoulder and an inexplicable American accent  which is shared by his "  sis , " Gemma Arterton 's leather-clad Gretel , but no one else in this neck of the woods  . Hansel is also inflicted with diabetes -- "  sugar sickness " -- and periodically slumps into a coma until he self-administers an injection through his britches . You 'll know how he feels . The idea may be kind of cute -- remember Hansel was force-fed candy as a kid -- but typically half-baked in a flick that throws anachronisms around like they 're going out of style . Writer-director Tommy Wirkola , whose first film was the cult Nazi zombie pic "  Dead Snow , " has n't concocted more than a slender thread of a narrative . A witch is snatching so many children that the town mayor brings in the sibling celebrity bounty hunters  wait a minute , did n't Terry Gilliam all ready make this movie as "  The Brothers Grimm " ?  . Rather than construct any scares , suspense or surprise , the movie attempts to stave off boredom with a dose of kung fu fighting every five minutes . The movie hits its nadir early , when Thomas Mann 's teenage fanboy , Ben , shows up in a tavern bearing press clippings of the dynamic duo 's exploits and asks for their autographs -- slipping in some bonehead exposition for good measure : "  So how do you kill witches ? " It never really improves much either -- except maybe in the gratuitous semi-nudity when a mildly wounded Hansel is coaxed into skinny dipping in "  healing waters " by a comely maiden who leads by example . Playing the wickedest witch  "  Muriel "  , whose true features resemble the Bonneville Salt Flats , Famke Janssen signals her wickedness by . Talking . Like . This . Very . Slowly . Which has the unfortunate consequence of underlining the clichÃ © d nature of lines like "  I 'm not . Going to . Kill you . Yet . That . Would . Be . Too . Ea . Sy ! " Yes indeed , too easy by far , when Wirkola seems to specialize in the heavy-handed , cumbersome and laborious , even when he 's aiming for flip . Especially when he 's aiming for flip . It 's a tossup what 's most depressing , the abject storytelling  and when you find yourself yearning for the storytelling skills of Terry Gilliam , that 's not a good sign  or the reprehensible , lazy thinking that equates evil with physical deformity . Look how we 're invited to enjoy the slaughter of witches -- including conjoined twins and a "  half lady " -- and how Wirkola insidiously mixes sideshow freaks with the reactionary connotation of the word : The witches are made up to resemble Goths and punks , outsiders who deserve nothing better than the gory reckoning he contrives for them . As for shooting the thing in 3-D , the movie has some eye-catching effects . It 's just a pity Wirkola and company never see the wood for the trees .	The film was pushed back to take advantage of Jeremy Renner 's rising star It was shot in 3-D Famke Janssen plays the wickedest witch
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility Saturday for a blast that killed seven people , including three children , during a Shiite religious procession . The bomb was planted in a garbage container in the central Pakistani city of Dera Ismail Khan and exploded as the last section of the procession , in which children were following adults , was passing by , police spokesman Khalid Sohail said . Eighteen people , including five children and two police officials , were wounded in the attack . The spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , Ihsanullah Ihsan , said the group would continue "  its mission " and attack Shiite Ashura processions across Pakistan . Pakistan is on high alert because of the two-day high holy Shiite holiday of Ashura , in which believers mourn the death of a key imam from the seventh century . Taliban claim blasts killing dozens in Pakistan Shia Islam is a minority sect in the mainly Sunni Muslim country , and its members face persecution from extremists . The Pakistani Taliban took responsibility for similar attacks earlier this week . The government increased security for the Ashura observance , which ends Saturday . Interior Minister Rehman Malik temporarily blocked cell phone services in cities , where gathered intelligence indicated the possibility of bombs detonated by cell phone . He also banned motor bikes , often used to conceal bombs , for two days in some cities . Malik said the safeguards were specifically meant to protect Shiites . Pakistan Taliban threaten to target India after execution of Mumbai attacker At least 31 people were killed and 68 wounded in multiple bomb attacks Wednesday despite heightened security . A Tehrik-i-Taliban spokesman said those attacks targeted Shiites , who the terrorists believe denigrate the Prophet Mohammed with their religious observance . Ashura commemorates the death of the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson , killed in the Battle of Karbala in 680 AD . The battle and subsequent death of Imam Hussein caused the split between Shiite and Sunni Muslims .	NEW : The Pakistani Taliban claim responsibity for the blast Seven people , including three children , are killed in the bombing It happened during a Shiite procession for the holiday of Ashura Pakistan is on high alert because of the threat of attacks during the holiday
CNN  -- An 88-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after shooting his wife in the chest at a Nevada hospital , authorities said . William Dresser was being held on $ 225,000 bail and has been put on suicide watch . He allegedly walked into his wife 's hospital room in the rehabilitation ward at Carson Tahoe Regional Medical Center on Sunday and opened fire , according to the Carson City Sheriff 's Office . The shooting occurred Sunday with a recently-purchased small caliber semi-automatic handgun , the sheriff 's office said . The woman 's name , age and the motive of the shooting were not immediately available . Her injuries are considered life-threatening and she has been transferred to Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno . Dresser does not have a criminal past , according to Sheriff Ken Furlong . She was hospitalized because of a previous injury . Authorities did not consider her injury suspicious . Dad denied release to attend funeral of daughter he allegedly killed A text message sparked fatal movie theater shooting	William Dresser is charged with attempted murder after shooting his wife He shot her with a recently-purchased semi-automatic handgun He is being held on $ 225,000 bail
Moorestown , New Jersey  CNN  -- Rosemary Hernandez was going through hard times , coping with financial woes after recently losing her job at an insurance company , all that coming years after an accident left her husband unable to work . Yet it was something else entirely on her mind when she and her daughter came weeping into their Moorestown , New Jersey , church Thursday , according to their pastor . "  I knew it was something bad , " Marantha Christian Fellowship church Senior Pastor George Bowen told CNN on Sunday . Hernandez told Bowen that police came to her door the previous day , saying their visit had "  something to do with the Etan Patz case . " The 6-year-old boy 's sudden disappearance a block from his Manhattan home on May 25 , 1979 , spawned a national movement to raise awareness of missing children , including the then-novel approach of putting an image of the child 's face on milk cartons . Her husband , Pedro Hernandez , ended up leaving the family home with police -- and , with his subsequent arrest , he has n't returned . "  She seemed absolutely shell-shocked , " Bowen recalled Sunday of his conversation three days earlier with Rosemary Hernandez . "  She was crying . She had an expression on her face like , ` How could this ever happen ? ' " That same day , police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters that Pedro Hernandez had admitted -- as a then-19-year-old clerk in a Manhattan bodega -- to luring Etan to the store with the promise of a soda , choking him and placing his body in the trash about a block and a half away . The Manhattan district attorney 's office charged Pedro Hernandez with second-degree murder , finding his confession credible even given that authorities concede there is no physical evidence linking him and that Patz 's body has never been found . Defense lawyer Harvey Fishbein claims his client -- who is on suicide watch at New York 's Bellevue Hospital , according to a law enforcement source -- has a "  long psychiatric history " including schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and hallucinations . Hernandez has not entered a plea due to a pending psychiatric evaluation . Rosemary Hernandez is Pedro Hernandez 's second wife . Bowen , the New Jersey pastor , said he got the impression Pedro Hernandez never mentioned anything about the Patz case or about killing anyone to his wife , while ceding he never posed the question directly to Rosemary Hernandez . What he did know for certain was that the Hernandez family attended the church regularly . The couple faithfully sat in the second row during services , the pastor said . Rosemary Hernandez and her daughter were active in church ministries . But Pedro Hernandez , who Kelly has said had been collecting disability payments since a 1993 accident prevented him from working , was more in the background . "  He 's very quiet , very shy , " Bowen said , describing him as "  socially awkward . " The pastor said that his interactions with the husband typically consisted of brief greetings and little else . Once , the couple came to him for counseling -- for an issue he say was not related to their marriage or a crime -- and Rosemary Hernandez "  did all the talking , " Bowen said . For this Sunday 's services , Rosemary Hernandez and her daughter were not in their regular spot in the second row . But they were on Bowen 's mind , as was Pedro Hernandez 's alleged victim and the boy 's family . "  Please pray for the Patz family , pray for Rosemary and  her daughter  , " the pastor told his congregation . "  Please pray for Pedro . "	Rosemary Hernandez visited her pastor after her husband 's arrest , the pastor says She was weeping and confused that Pedro Hernandez was accused of murder Police say her husband confessed to killing Etan Patz , 6 , in 1979 The pastor asks church members to pray for the Patz and Hernandez families
CNN  -- The Chinese government has lifted a 20-year-old rule that banned foreigners with HIV and AIDS , sexually transmitted diseases and leprosy from entering the country , according to the country 's state news agency . State-run news agency Xinhua reported Tuesday that China 's State Council decided to repeal the ban after realizing it did little to prevent the spread of disease and caused problems when the country was hosting international events . The revision came days before the opening of the six-month Shanghai World Expo , which organizers expect will draw 70 million people . The government had previously lifted the ban temporarily for other large-scale events , including the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . Xinhua said the health ministry estimates the number of people living with HIV in China had reached 740,000 by October 2009 , with deaths caused by AIDS totaling 49,845 since the first case was reported in 1985 . China 's decision comes several months after the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention removed HIV infection from the list of diseases that prevent non-U.S. citizens from entering the country . Until January , the U.S. was one of seven countries with laws barring entry of people with HIV , according to amfAR , an AIDS research organization .	China lifts ban on foreigners with HIV , AIDs , sexually transmitted diseases , leprosy Entry ban lifted after it was realized it did little to prevent the spread of disease Ban also caused problems when hosting international events in the country Health ministry estimated by October 2009 , 740,000 people were living with HIV in China
Atlanta  CNN  -- A third suspect in the videotaped beating of a gay Atlanta man could be extradited to Georgia early next week from Pennsylvania , where he has surrendered himself to authorities , officials said Saturday . Darael Demare Williams , 17 , of Atlanta is being held on $ 250,000 bond in the Erie County , Pennsylvania , Prison , corrections officer Ed Yeaney said Saturday . Williams surrendered himself on Wednesday night to Erie police , authorities said . Yeaney did n't have further details on what possible charges await Williams in Georgia in connection with the videotaped beating of Brandon White , 20 , by three men outside an Atlanta grocery . Earlier this month , the FBI said it was investigating the case to determine whether it meets criteria for prosecution under the federal hate crimes statute . Meanwhile , on Saturday , Jay Abt , an attorney for one of the other suspects , 19-year-old Dorian Moragne , said his client knew White before the alleged incident . Abt made that assertion during a meeting of activists concerned about the case . Moragne , who turned himself into authorities , has been charged with robbery by force and aggravated assault , Abt said . White has said that he did n't know any of his alleged assailants . "  I have never seen one of those guys before . I go to that store plenty of times . Like I said , I do n't bother anybody . I do n't talk to anybody . That 's just me . No , I 've never seen one of those guys before , " White told reporters on February 8 . On Saturday , White 's attorney , Christine Koehler , reiterated that her client denies knowing any of the three suspects . Another suspect , Christopher Cain , 18 , has been charged with aggravated assault and robbery , police said . Atlanta police said the incident occurred February 4 . The case came to light after a video circulated online showing three men punching and kicking White after he stepped out of the JVC Grocery and Deli in southwest Atlanta 's Pittsburgh neighborhood . The men , believed to be members of a gang called Jack City , yelled : "  No f -- ts in Jack City . " The store 's surveillance video shows White , dressed in a purple shirt and black jeans with a cell phone to his left ear , exit the store along with another man . As soon as they step outside , White is accosted by his attackers . The surveillance video captured eight men standing around watching , two of them with video cameras in hand . One man lunges at White with a tire in his hands . White said he did not report it right away because he did not want to draw attention to himself . He said he could not even bring himself to watch the video at first , he was so humiliated and embarrassed . The video was released on WorldStarHipHop.com , and was posted on The Smoking Gun . When it went viral , White decided to talk to the police , he said . U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates has said her office is looking into potential civil rights violations based on sexual orientation . Georgia does not have a hate crimes statute . Enraged gay rights activists have vowed that justice would be served , and residents appealed for an expanded police presence in their community . CNN 's George Howell reported from Atlanta and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	Darael Demare Williams , 17 , of Atlanta is being held in Pennsylvania on $ 250,000 bond He surrendered himself to authorities The videotaped beating victim Brandon White , 20 , says he did n't know three suspects But an attorney for one suspect says his client knew White
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- Final results of last month 's referendum show an overwhelming majority of southern Sudanese voted to split from the north , a result that will lead to the creation of the world 's newest nation , the referendum commission said Monday . The chairman of the Southern Sudan Referendum Commission , which organized the vote and includes members from both sides , said 98.83 % voted for separation , while 1.17 % voted for unity . "  It was a peaceful process , " chairman Muhammad Ibrahim Khalil said at a ceremony in Khartoum attended by Sudanese politicians , international diplomats , U.N. staff , academics and others . "  It was a transparent process . " "  Not a single person " showed up to appeal the results , he said . Preliminary results had shown overwhelming support for separation . The commission met Monday with Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and First Vice President Salva Kiir to present the final results , state TV reported earlier . Al-Bashir has stated his commitment to the results and said he will accept them , state TV said . As a result of the government 's acceptance of the results , the United States is beginning the process of removing Sudan from its list of state sponsors of terrorism , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday . U.S. President Barack Obama announced Washington 's intention to recognize Southern Sudan as a sovereign , independent state in July , when a comprehensive peace agreement with the north is due to end . "  After decades of conflict , the images of millions of southern Sudanese voters deciding their own future was an inspiration to the world and another step forward in Africa 's long journey toward justice and democracy , " Obama said in a statement . "  Now , all parties have a responsibility to ensure that this historic moment of promise becomes a moment of lasting progress . The Comprehensive Peace Agreement must be fully implemented and outstanding disputes must be resolved peacefully . " Obama promised the United States would support the governments of both Sudan and Southern Sudan to ensure a smooth and peaceful transition to independence . Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain -- which ruled Sudan between 1899 and 1955 -- said he welcomed the Khartoum government 's positive reaction to the results and said the United Kingdom would support the country 's new chapter . "  It is a happy day for southern Sudanese , " said Louis Makor , 40 , an activist from the south . "  We have gained our rights , our self-determination , and I hope the best for both southern and northern Sudanese . And we will remain brothers . " Those in the north had more varied opinions . "  I think it is better , " said Abd al-Aziz Ahmad , 30 , a grocery store owner . "  They can have their own country , and our problem in the north will lessen . " Northerner Al-Razy Yassin , 27 , however , said he felt very sad about the outcome . "  I believed that our strength is in our diversity , " he said . "  This means the failure of the Sudanese national state , and I fear what might come . " There were tears on the face of Ikhlas Garang , a woman who is half northern and half southern , who cried , "  Why are we separating ? Why are we separating ? " Sudan 's north and south fought a war for more than two decades , finally ending in a peace treaty in 2005 that paved the way for the referendum . The conflict , which left 2 million people dead , pitted a government dominated by Arab Muslims in northern Sudan against black Christians and animists in the south . A majority of Sudan 's oil reserves are in the south , which was another flashpoint in the war . Several million voters , including expatriates in the United States and seven other countries , cast ballots . Before Southern Sudan can become independent , the two sides still have to address various issues including currency , citizenship , national debt , and how to divide the majority of oil reserves found in the south . The Abyei region -- which straddles the border between the regions -- remains a disputed area between the two sides . And as the world 's newest nation , Southern Sudan would face daunting obstacles . There is a desperate need for development in the south and a lack of a robust educated class to control the new levers of power . A flood of refugees , eagerly returning to an independent homeland , could complicate matters in a place that already lacks enough schools and clinics and has few paved roads . Longstanding grievances among rival southern groups could erupt in violence ; several hundred southerners already have been killed in such fighting in the last year or two . Or the north could refuse to accept the results or stir tensions by trying to pit one southern faction against another . The concerns run so deep that a year ago , Dennis Blair , then the U.S. director of national intelligence , warned the U.S. Congress of possible genocide . "  A number of countries in Africa and Asia are at significant risk for a new outbreak of mass killing " in the next five years , he said . "  Among these countries , a new mass killing or genocide is most likely to occur in Southern Sudan . " Al-Bashir , wanted for war crimes after mass killings and rape in the country 's western Darfur region , has said a southern vote for independence would be like "  cutting off a part of the nation 's body , but not the end of the world . " Still , al-Bashir has said he wo n't hesitate to accept the results , because peace with the south is the ultimate goal . People in Southern Sudan have long felt dominated by the north , ever since slave-raiding parties from the region penetrated the south around 1840 . The raids instilled a collective hostility toward northerners that successive generations in the south nursed until they erupted in open war . When it ruled Sudan , Britain administered north and south as separate entities , preventing travel from one region to the other . The imbalance that resulted sparked southern fears of northern domination when the British announced plans to leave . Southerners took up arms against the north in August 1955 , six months before Sudan 's independence . Most jobs in the new national government went to people from the north , which also dominated the process of drafting a constitution . The insurgency that started in 1955 killed several hundred thousand people and forced many more from their homes , until a peace deal silenced the guns in 1972 . Barely a decade later , though , war resumed after the Sudanese president split the south into three regions and sought to impose Islamic law on non-Muslims . The 1989 coup that brought al-Bashir to power let him steer the ship of state by the compass of Islamic extremism . He praised the 1979 Iranian revolution and offered shelter to many groups the United States views as terrorist organizations . Osama bin Laden arrived in Sudan in 1991 , long before he became a household name . The United States added Sudan to its list of state sponsors of terrorism two years later . Peace talks to end the war were well under way in 2003 when a mostly unrelated conflict erupted in the western Sudanese region of Darfur . Marginalized non-Arab Muslims there rebelled against the government by attacking a military garrison . The Sudanese government responded by arming and cooperating with Arab militias that killed , tortured and raped thousands , mainly targeting tribes from which the rebels drew strength , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The United Nations says 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur , though the government of Sudan says the toll is lower . Al-Bashir 's role in Darfur led the International Criminal Court to indict him in 2009 on accusations of war crimes . Even as the killing continued unabated in Darfur , al-Bashir 's government made progress in negotiations with southern rebels . That progress resulted in a landmark agreement in January 2005 between the Sudanese government and the main rebel group in the south , the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement . The Comprehensive Peace Agreement called for the referendum that took place last month . Journalist Isma'il Kushkush in Khartoum and CNN 's Aliza Kassim and Mark Bixler in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The final results of January 's vote were announced Monday 98.83 % of southerners voted for the split It will create the world 's newest nation Sudan 's north and south have been at war for two decades
CNN  -- Paul Newman , the legendary actor whose steely blue eyes , good-humored charm and advocacy of worthy causes made him one of the most renowned figures in American arts , has died of cancer at his home in Westport , Connecticut . He was 83 . Paul Newman 's handsome face and solid acting made him a popular and respected film star . He died Friday , according to spokeswoman Marni Tomljanovic . Newman attained stardom in the 1950s and never lost the movie-star aura , appearing in such classic films as "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof , " "  Exodus , " "  The Hustler , " "  Cool Hand Luke , " "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " "  The Sting " and "  The Verdict . " He finally won an Oscar in 1986 -- on his eighth try -- for "  The Color of Money , " a sequel to "  The Hustler . " He later received two more Oscar nominations . Among his other awards was the Motion Picture Academy 's Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award . "  Paul took advantage of what life offered him , and while personally reluctant to acknowledge that he was doing anything special , he forever changed the lives of many with his generosity , humor , and humanness , " said Robert Forrester , vice chairman of the actor 's Newman 's Own Foundation . "  His legacy lives on in the charities he supported and the Hole in the Wall Camps , for which he cared so much . " He was often willing to make fun of himself . Early in his career he was mistaken for fellow Method actor Marlon Brando ; Newman obligingly signed autographs , "  Best wishes , Marlon Brando . " Read more reaction to from Paul Newman 's friends and family " Newman was a Method-trained actor who blazed his own career trail and did n't shy away from risky roles -- inside and outside films . Watch a look back at Newman 's career " A portrayal as a race-car driver in 1969 's "  Winning " led to his actual competition in races ; at 70 , he participated in the 24 Hours of Daytona and he was still racing at age 80 . He stumped for liberal causes , including Eugene McCarthy 's 1968 presidential candidacy , and earned a spot on Richard Nixon 's enemies list -- "  the highest single honor I 've ever received , " he said . In 1982 , Newman and his friend A.E. Hotchner founded Newman 's Own , a food company that produced food ranging from pasta sauces to salad dressing to chocolate chip cookies . "  The embarrassing thing is that the salad dressing is outgrossing my films , " Newman once wryly noted . To date , the company -- which donates all profits to charities such as Newman 's Hole in the Wall camps -- has given away more than $ 200 million . Newman established the camp to benefit gravely ill children . "  He saw the camps as places where kids could escape the fear , pain and isolation of their conditions , kick back and raise a little hell , " Forrester said . Today , there are 11 Hole in the Wall camps around the world , with additional programs in Africa and Vietnam . Some 135,000 children have attended the camps -- free of charge . The Association of Hole in the Wall Camps "  is part of his living legacy , and for that we remain forever grateful , " the association said in a statement . "  We are greatly saddened by his passing . His leadership and spirit can never be replaced . But he has left us strong and confident . " Newman was half of one of the most successful showbiz marriages -- to Joanne Woodward , whom he married in 1958 . He observed that just because he was a sex symbol there was no reason to commit adultery . "  Why would I go out for a hamburger when -LSB- I -RSB- have steak at home ? " he asked . Newman 's daughters said described him as a devoted husband , a loving father , an adoring grandfather and a dedicated philanthropist . "  Our father was a rare symbol of selfless humility , the last to acknowledge what he was doing was special , " they said in a statement . "  Intensely private , he quietly succeeded beyond measure in impacting the lives of so many with his generosity . "  Always and to the end , Dad was incredibly grateful for his good fortune . In his own words : ` It 's been a privilege to be here . ' " The statement requested privacy for Newman 's family . CNN 's Larry King , who interviewed Newman through the years , said he greatly admired the actor . "  He lived a long and terrific life , " King said Saturday morning . "  He was much appreciated . Did some theater , graduated Yale . Long marriage to Joanne Woodward . One of those showbiz rarities . " Watch Larry King reminisce about Paul Newman " Paul Leonard Newman was born on January 26 , 1925 , in Shaker Heights , Ohio , a suburb of Cleveland . His father owned a successful sporting goods store , but young Paul was taken with his mother 's and uncle 's interest in the arts and started acting while still in grade school . "  I was n't running toward the theater but running away from the sporting goods store , " he said later . After being kicked out of Ohio University for unruly behavior , he joined the Navy and served for three years during World War II . After the war he attended Kenyon College in Gambier , Ohio , where his unruly ways led him to theater . Newman continued studying acting at Yale and at New York 's Actors ' Studio , earning jobs in the growing medium of television . He made his Broadway debut in William Inge 's 1953 play "  Picnic , " opposite Kim Stanley , one of the most successful stage actresses of her time . The next year he made his first Hollywood film , "  The Silver Chalice , " a bomb that he mocked for the rest of his life . He even took out a newspaper ad apologizing for his performance . But success as boxer Rocky Graziano in "  Somebody Up There Likes Me "  1956  made him a star , and more hits followed : "  The Long , Hot Summer "  1958  opposite his soon-to-be wife , Woodward ; "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof "  1958  with Elizabeth Taylor ; and "  The Young Philadelphians "  1959  . But the 1960s were to be Newman 's decade , a perfect match for his ironic , anti-establishment attitude . iReport.com : What do you remember best about Paul Newman ? He began the decade with "  Exodus "  1960  , an epic about Israel 's founding directed by Otto Preminger , and succeeded it with "  The Hustler "  1961  as pool shark Fast Eddie Felson ; "  Sweet Bird of Youth "  1962  , another Tennessee Williams work ; and "  Hud "  1963  , "  Harper "  1966  and "  Hombre "  1967  , continuing a good-luck streak of films beginning with "  H. " After "  Cool Hand Luke "  1967  , in which he played the egg-eating malcontented title character , he turned to directing , earning raves for his behind-the-camera work on "  Rachel , Rachel "  1968  , starring his wife . Watch Newman discuss what he would have done differently " "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid "  1969  and "  The Sting "  1973  teamed Newman with co-star Robert Redford and director George Roy Hill . The trio proved to be box-office gold : They were two of the highest-grossing films of their time , winning a slew of awards -- including a best picture Oscar for the latter , a tale of con men in 1930s Chicago . Newman finally teamed up with Steve McQueen , who had been scheduled to be his co-star in "  Butch Cassidy , " in 1974 's "  The Towering Inferno . " Though the Irwin Allen-produced disaster film earned mixed critical notices , it , too , was one of the most successful box-office films of the era . Watch how Newman worked his magic " Newman 's career started faltering in the late '70s as he turned his attention to his other pursuits , notably racing . The loss of his son Scott to a drug overdose in 1978 hit the actor hard . He made an artistic comeback with 1982 's "  The Verdict , " the story of an ambulance-chasing hard-luck lawyer in which Newman appeared broken , raspy and every inch of his 57 years . By the time Newman starred in "  The Color of Money , " directed by Martin Scorsese , his movie career had slipped a notch . Never afraid of playing his age , Newman portrayed a repressed businessman in 1990 's "  Mr. and Mrs. Bridge , " a cantankerous lodger in "  Nobody 's Fool "  1994  , a fatherly , retired gangster in "  Road to Perdition "  2002  , and the voice of a Hudson Hornet in "  Cars "  2006  . He gained some of his best reviews for his performance as the stage manager in a Broadway production of Thornton Wilder 's classic play , "  Our Town , " filmed for television in 2003 , and was perfectly cast as the rascally father to Ed Harris ' responsible diner owner in the miniseries "  Empire Falls . " In recent years , Newman talked about doing another film with his friend Redford , but the two could n't settle on a script . In 2007 , Newman said he was retiring from acting , saying he 'd lost confidence in his abilities . Still , he marveled at his own resilience . "  You ca n't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning : ` Holy Christ , whaddya know - I 'm still around ! ' It 's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career . " Newman , who was married to Jackie Witt from 1949 to 1957 , is survived by his wife , Joanne Woodward , and five children .	"  His legacy lives on , " charity official says of Oscar-winning actor Films include "  Exodus , " "  The Hustler , " "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " Newman also known for side interests such as racing , liberal causes Actor co-founded Newman 's Own food company , with all proceeds going to charity
CNN  -- A knife-wielding man attacked a woman in a supermarket , eventually cutting off her head and running away with it , government officials in Spain 's Tenerife Island said Friday . The man entered a shopping center in the town of Arona , in the Cristianos area of Tenerife , and stole a knife from the supermarket before attacking the apparent stranger , a central government spokeswoman said . Shopping center security guards were alerted and chased the man , subduing him until police arrived . The man , whom national police in Tenerife identified as a Bulgarian , was apparently known in the shopping area , the government spokeswoman said . The British Foreign and Commonwealth office confirmed Friday that a British national had died in Tenerife , part of the Canary Islands . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	A knife-wielding man attacked a woman on Tenerife He cut off her head and ran away with it , officials say Security guards chased and subdued him Police identified him as Bulgarian national
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- A bomb scare that affected about 100 flights at Munich Airport in Germany on Wednesday may have been a false alarm , German police told CNN . Police launched a huge manhunt Wednesday after a passenger appeared to flee from security officers when his laptop computer bag tested positive for explosives , they said . Police originally said authorities wanted to take the man in for further testing after his bag set off suspicions , but he ran . They said a bomb squad was testing the bag to see if it really contained explosives . But authorities later said the man may simply have been in a hurry , grabbed his things and left the airport . They do not have the laptop case , they said . They are still trying to find the man , they said , but are no longer describing the search as a huge manhunt . Police earlier said they were reviewing airport security videos to try to figure out where the man went . It was not clear if that was what caused them to change their evaluation of the situation . Police did not know which flight the man was booked on . Part of the airport was shut down after the suspect fled , but was later reopened . All planes in the area of Terminal 2 , where the incident took place , were evacuated and all luggage was removed , police said . The passengers had to leave the secure area and be rescreened , an airport representative told CNN , adding that the airport was otherwise operating normally . About 100 flights were affected by the security measures . Some were canceled and others were delayed , the airport said , adding that activity has slowly begun to return to normal . The airport Web site was still showing some delays to flights leaving Terminal 2 several hours after the incident . The incident took place as a United States Senate committee debated the foiled Christmas Day attack aboard a plane bound from Amsterdam in the Netherlands to Detroit , Michigan . The committee chairman , Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut , said it is "  infuriating " that the December 25 suspect , Nigerian Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , was able to board the plane in the Netherlands with a U.S. visa . Janet Napolitano , secretary of homeland security , said AbdulMutallab "  was not on the no-fly list , which would 've flagged him to be prevented from boarding , nor was he on the selectee list , which would 've flagged him for secondary screening . " "  Furthermore , the physical screening performed by foreign authorities at airports in Nigeria and the Netherlands did not detect explosives on his body , " Napolitano said . "  As this incident underscores , aviation security is increasingly an international responsibility . " She said top Homeland Security Department officials are embarking on a multicontinent tour to meet with international counterparts about airline and airport security . She said she would leave Wednesday evening for Spain and a meeting with European Union officials . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Man who appeared to flee may just have been in a hurry , police say NEW : Police still seeking man , but search not being called big manhunt NEW : Passengers had to leave Terminal 2 for rescreening ; about 100 flights affected Man left checkpoint after laptop bag tested positive for explosives
CNN  -- Syrian opposition forces may have executed as many as 30 people , most of them government soldiers , in rural Aleppo , according to the United Nations , which cited videos of the killings posted on the Internet in July . U.N High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay called the allegations "  deeply shocking " and called Friday for an independent investigation into the incident , which appears to have taken place in Khan al-Assal in northern Syria . "  There needs to be a thorough independent investigation to establish whether war crimes have been committed , and those responsible for such crimes should be brought to justice , " Pillay said in a statement . The videos , posted to the Internet between July 22 and 26 , show government soldiers being ordered to lie on the ground , bodies being collected by doctors , corpses strewn along a wall and bodies in Khan al-Assal bearing gunshot wounds to the head . Pillay 's office also has information that Syrian rebels are still holding government officers and soldiers prisoner , the statement said . Reminding opposition forces that all captured or wounded soldiers must be treated in accordance with international law , Pillay said , "  Opposition forces should not think they are immune from prosecution . They must adhere to their responsibilities under international law . " The U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic has previously said both rebel groups and government forces and their affiliated militias are demonstrating "  emerging patterns of summary execution and murder . " News of the killings came as the Local Coordination Committees , an umbrella group for the opposition , said 19 of its loyalists had been killed , including two children . Most of the deaths came in Damascus , the LCC said . In a speech to government forces Thursday -- Army Foundation Day -- President Bashar al-Assad said he was confident the government would triumph over the opposition , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . " Had we in Syria not been confident of victory , we would not have been able to remain steadfast and resist the aggression for over two years , " the president said , according to SANA , The U.N. human rights office also said Friday that investigators have been allowed to visit rebel-controlled Khan al-Assal as part of a separate investigation into the alleged use of chemical weapons . The rebels announced Friday they had written U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , requesting an investigation and demanding "  that any individuals found to be involved in the deployment of chemical weapons in Syria be held accountable for these crimes . " According to the United Nations , more than 100,000 people have been killed since fighting began . Almost 2 million have fled the country , and 4 million more have been internally displaced . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	U.N. commissioner : Video shows rebels may have executed up to 30 people Office says it has information rebels may still be holding soldiers , others hostage Report comes as rebels urge U.N. to investigate use of chemical weapons About 100,000 killed , 6 million displaced since fighting began , U.N. says
CNN  -- They barely slept . That 's the case for an unusual number of black bears in western Nevada , where an abnormally warm and dry winter has spurred them to halt their hibernation and head out for food . "  They may be sleeping under a deck or under a house in a crawlspace , and they will emerge when it is a garbage day and raid some garbage cans and then go back to a sleep for a while , " explains Chris Healy , a spokesman for the Nevada Department of Wildlife . Mother Nature can take credit for these bears ' abbreviated slumber . Whereas parts of the Midwest and Northeast are now buried in snow and shivering in cold , that 's not the case in many communities around Lake Tahoe and elsewhere . The National Weather Service 's forecast for Incline Village , Nevada , for instance , calls for high temperatures heading to or well past 50 degrees for the next week at least , with nary of snow flurry in sight . What 's with this weather ? Hot is cold and cold is hot It 's not just Nevada : Nearby Northern California is also seeing an abnormal number of black bears , with CNN affiliate KXTV showing images taken from Yosemite National Park and Lake Tahoe 's Heavenly Ski Resort . Healy said "  a disastrous winter " -- adding "  we need the snow " -- and relatively mild temperatures have thrown off some black bears that live in more settled areas , where they can readily access human garbage . "  We documented this and , in the past 15 years , it occurs sporadically , " the spokesman said . "  A lot of it is dictated by the weather conditions . " Even in a typical winter , black bears do n't hibernate completely as some might think , usually taking a few weeks for their metabolism and body temperature to wind down . They will occasionally wake up , roam a bit , but wo n't eat , drink , urinate or defecate , according to SierraWild.gov , a cooperative website of the federal U.S. Forest Service , National Park Service and Bureau of Land Management that covers the Sierra Nevada mountain range , including Lake Tahoe  . Bears in this range typically "  den " between mid-December into March or the beginning of April , SierraWild.gov notes . This is less than the seven and a half months for some black bears that live in colder climes , but still well beyond what 's being seen in parts of Nevada . In the past , "  lighter winters " have been correlated to "  bigger bears that live among humans in Incline Village in the Lake Tahoe basin , " notes Healy . But it 's not like every black bear is cutting short hibernation and heading out on the town . Healy notes , "  Bears in the backcountry -- truly wild bears -- do n't partake in this . " "  They eat nuts and berries and things that are not found in nature right now , " he said , in contrast to the relatively ever-present trash rummaged through by other bears . "  So they would n't wake up to eat , they would n't find anything . " It has also been "  unusually warm " this winter in much of Alaska . But state wildlife official Riley Woodford said that bears coming out of hibernation early has n't been an issue there yet . That 's because the winter started off , around November , normally . Even though it 's warmed up , the bears climbed up to 1,000 feet to den in snowy and icy spots that 's cold enough to keep them in , he says . Still , the state Department of Fish and Game admits that , hibernating or not , the weather has been weird . It 's not even forecast to go below freezing -- even at night -- in Juneau for at least a week . And last week , it was even raining 3,000 feet above sea level in one ski resort around the Alaskan capital , Woodford recalls . Historic California drought forces rancher to thin herd of horses CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Black bears in the Sierra Nevadas typically "  den " from December through early spring But some emerge from hibernation early in what 's been called a "  disastrous winter " Such bears live near places they can root through garbage ; "  wild bears " are n't affected yet Official : It 's also been unusually warm in Alaska , but bears there so far have stayed put
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Several Japanese Coast Guard ships fired water cannon and shouted warnings at a boat carrying Taiwanese activists who were attempting to land on islands disputed by Taiwan , Japan and China , a spokesman said . Through loud speakers , the Japanese Coast guard urged the activists and four Taiwanese Coast Guard vessels accompanying them , to retreat from waters around the islands , which are known as the Senkakus in Japan , and Diaoyu in China . The deterrent worked and the Taiwanese ships left the area , the Japanese Coast Guard said . According to state news agencies in Taiwan and China , the confrontation occurred about 28 nautical miles from the islands in the East China Sea . Several activists were aboard the main protest boat , Chinese news agency Xinhua said , adding that it was the third time since June 2008 that the ship had been involved in a confrontation with the Japanese Coast Guard . Why Asia is arguing over its islands Once on the islands , the activists planned conduct ceremonies relating to Matsu , the "  Goddess of the Sea " on the islands , according to the Li Yiqiang , secretary general of World Association for Protecting the Diaoyutais . The activists included Hsieh Mang-lin , chairman of the Chinese Association for Protecting the Diaoyutais . He told Taiwan 's Central News Agency  CNA  that they planned to erect a statue of Matsu on the island to help protect Taiwanese fisherman operating in the area . According to CNA , the Taiwanese fleet set out at 1.45 a.m. local time Thursday from Shenao in New Taipei and planned to return home the same afternoon . Disagreement over who owns the islands strained relations between Japan and China during the latter half of 2012 , and the dispute shows no signs of waning . Protests flared across China in September , soon after Japan announced it had bought the islands from private Japanese owners . The deal was struck in part to prevent the islands being bought by Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara who had called for donations for a public fund to buy them . China was outraged , as were protesters who marched through several Chinese cities calling for boycotts of Japanese products and urging the government to give the islands back . In December , the dispute escalated when Japan scrambled fighter jets after a Chinese plane was seen overhead . A number of Chinese ships have also entered contested waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . CNN 's CY Xu and Xinlei Pan contributed to this report	Taiwanese protest boat returning home after run-in with Japan Coast Guard Japan officers fired water cannon on the boat which entered disputed waters Activists had planned to erect statue of sea goddess Matsu on islands The islands are disputed by Taiwan , Japan and China
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Philadelphia prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty against suspected serial strangler Antonio Rodriguez , according to District Attorney spokeswoman Tasha Jamerson . Rodriguez appeared at a preliminary hearing Wednesday where two police detectives read confessions Rodriguez gave regarding three women he allegedly killed and sexually assaulted between November and December of last year , according to Assistant District Attorney Jennifer Bretschneider . Nicknamed the Kensington strangler , the 21-year-old Rodriguez was arrested after DNA testing linked him to the attacks in the city 's Kensington district , according to Detective Justin Frank . "  We 're hopeful that this will put an end to this , " Frank said . Rodriguez is suspected of killing Casey Mahoney , 27 ; Elaine Goldberg , 21 ; and Nicole Piacentini , 35 . Police Capt. James J. Clark said Rodriguez is a homeless man . In December , a 33-year-old woman was pulled into an alley and may have been the victim of the same attacker , police said . Despite being choked , punched and hit on the head with a brick , she escaped her assailant , who fled from the scene , according to the police report . CNN 's Upinder Pathania and Sarah Hoye contributed to this report	Antonio Rodriguez has been charged in the murders of three women He was arrested after DNA testing linked him to the attacks
CNN  -- Damn those extreme Republicans . President Obama and White House press secretary Jay Carney have found Republicans guilty of extortion and blackmail . Joe Biden , per a report in Politico , once christened Republicans as terrorists . Liberals have led a media assault , calling the GOP anarchists , jihadists , "  gun to head " hostage takers , and the political equivalent of the Taliban . White House advisor Dan Pfeiffer has likened Republicans to suicide bombers "  with a bomb strapped to their chest . " What could be more extreme ? The Democratic Party . True , the Ted Cruz wing in the House of Representatives is relentless , uncompromising and unmoved by practicality . As we all know , there are perhaps 40 or so "  bullet-proof Republicans " in the House , in safe GOP districts , invulnerable except to Kryptonite . They fear a fellow Republican getting to their right in a primary more than a long-shot Democratic opponent who would paint their district blue in a general election . No doubt , the GOP is a party divided , but there are a lot of Democrats in safe districts , too . Why do n't they fear a fellow Democrat getting to their left in a primary ? Why are n't the Democrats a party divided between a centrist mainstream and a more extreme , radicalized left ? Let us count the reasons : Barack Obama has taken the Democratic Party left of Clinton . He left blue-dog , centrist Democrats to be punished for his sins and they were wiped out in the GOP 's 2010 Congressional landslide . All the while , the Internet has empowered and organized the party 's remaining and most extreme elements . The Democratic Party ca n't go left . It is left , in entirety . They already occupy America 's left fringe . Bill Clinton 's New Democrats are dead . This is not Hillary Clinton 's Democratic Party . Today 's Democratic Party belongs to Elizabeth Warren . It is the party that just nominated a Sandinista trainee who returned from Nicaragua with "  a vision of unfettered leftist government " for mayor of New York City , according to the New York Times . And today 's Democrats think this is a good thing . They dream audaciously , as Ruy Teixeira wrote in the Atlantic , of a new "  Emerging Democratic Majority . " As Peter Beinart noted in a Daily Beast piece , "  The Rise of the New New Left , " "  Bill de Blasio 's win in New York 's Democratic primary is n't a local story . It 's part of a vast shift that could upend three decades of American political thinking . " The Democratic Party is now animated by the "  mobilized left , " Beinart writes , emboldened by Internet activism . Their cause was galvanized by President Obama 's seemingly impossible re-election . Once , Obama may have campaigned as a centrist , but that was long ago . He has since governed as an old school economic liberal from the '60s . As Fred Thompson has noted , Barack Obama has been "  George McGovern without the experience . " Obama 's answer to every economic challenge has been top-down . Our governing class knows best , he believes , especially since Washington 's elite now includes him . If the world has changed in eight decades , our President has n't noticed . His view of government is cast from the bronze of Franklin Roosevelt and the '30s . He puts our big , dumb , inflexible public sector at the top of American life , to mandate redistribution and prosperity . At every opportunity , he has grown the public sector 's archaic program-and-policy factory . This empty presidency tries only to cure too much old government with even more of it . Though little of what he has tried has worked , it has not seemed to deter his party . It has n't deterred him . His government does n't govern education : The U.S. educational system barely edges out nations such as Slovakia , in international rankings . His government does n't govern retirement : Our public-sector retirement system is akin to an unsustainable Ponzi scheme . His government does n't govern health care : The Affordable Care Act is making health care more unaffordable for many seniors . His old government does n't govern our economy : A record high 89 million Americans do n't participate in the workforce and 300,000 more dropped out this August . Barack Obama is building the largest public sector since World War II and , yet , our government governs nothing . Still , an intellectually exhausted Democratic Party proposes nothing new . If at first you do n't succeed , keep trying until you are $ 20 trillion in debt and failure litters your streets . The rollout of the Obamacare website is but another symptom of an old , hierarchical bureaucracy incapable of keeping pace with the complexities of a modern , adaptive America . Healthcare.gov is the best old Washington can do , not the worst . While our world transforms itself through revolutions in energy , technology and communication , the ideologists of the left stagnate . Barack Obama 's Democratic Party is intellectually exhausted . Their old Democratic Party has nothing up its sleeves but more of the same . How our young President could only offer such dated ideas will be studied for decades . For now , we can mark candidate Obama 's transformation from agent of hope and change to defender of liberal calcification as one of the great sleight-of-hand tricks in political history . With any luck , he will be the last President who tried to teach our dinosauric public sector to dance to the music of a new and adaptive era . Others , beyond Obama , will not expand but instead transform what we now pretend "  governs " us . As for his legacy , today 's tweeters and texters will remember Barack Obama as the last President of the Industrial Age and once he is gone , there will be no cover for his party 's intellectual barrenness . Obama will leave a Democratic Party epitomized by ancient ideas , radically positioned left of our political center . The political trouble Barack Obama inherited from George W. Bush is nothing compared to what Obama has teed up for a future contender such as Hillary Clinton . Our former secretary of state has had no choice but to campaign for president earlier than she would have chosen . Clinton can see that this radicalized Democratic Party could easily leave her behind and find another champion . It did so before , to her distress , in 2008 . No other member of the old Democratic elite can possibly hold its left-sliding legions together , yet Hillary Clinton has only one credential that appeals to her party : She could be our first female president . Elizabeth Warren 's growing followers , more in tune with today 's radicalized , populist Democrats , are likely to find that distinction unimpressive . If Clinton 's rationale begins to fray , all hands on deck : The Democratic Party 's 2016 nomination process is going to look like the casting call for "  One-Flew-Over-The Cuckoo 's Nest . " Howard Dean may have screamed his way past the Democratic nomination in 2004 , but the revolution he started has borne fruit . The 2016 nomination battle may be a fight between Elizabeth Warren , Governors Martin O'Malley and Deval Patrick , an unpolished pack of ideological duds and even a reinvigorated Dean , all vying to out-crazy each other and take the Democratic Party over a precipice . They 'll make the troupe that sought the 2012 GOP nomination look like the committee awarding the Nobel Prize for Physics . Which party is more extreme ? A Republican Party divided between 180 mainstream House members and 40 Ted Cruz mini-me 's ? Or a Democratic Party united to preserve our fossilized , ineffective public sector ? A Republican Party advocating a path to fresh , natural , economic growth ? Or a Democratic Party offering young voters the outdated economics of conformity , artificially imposed by Washington 's elites ? A Republican Party being driven to offer change ? Or a Democratic Party united against it ? Entrepreneurs , start printing tie-died shirts now . They will be hot sellers at the next Democratic Convention . Both sides are in for an interesting ride , but for Democrats , it 's going to be an extreme 2016 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos : While everyone focuses on GOP 's right , the Democrats are being ignored He argues that Democrats as a party have moved much further , in this case , to the left Democrats are celebrating the shift to a more liberal view of role of government , he says Castellanos : Elizabeth Warren wing of party could make life difficult for Hillary Clinton in 2016
London  CNN  -- Despite the spring sunshine , the start of the London Marathon on Sunday was a somber occasion . Thousands of runners joined in a 30-second silence on the start line to remember those killed and injured by the blasts near the finish of the Boston Marathon on Monday . Before the tribute , signaled by a whistle blast , an announcer told the massed runners : "  We will join together in silence to remember our friends and colleagues for whom a day of joy turned into a day of sadness . "  Let us now show our respect and support for the victims of the tragedy in Boston . " The runners , many also wearing black ribbons as a Boston tribute , then poured over the start line to begin the 26.2-mile race . Along the route , the mood became more festive , with loud cheers and applause for the passing runners from the spectators lining the barriers . Prince Harry also made an appearance , visiting the finish line to show his support for the race stewards . READ MORE : Silence falls over London Marathon Tatyana McFadden , who won the women 's wheelchair marathons in London on Sunday and in Boston last week , dedicated her Sunday victory to those who died or suffered in last week 's Boston bombings . "  We hope such small acts will help the healing process . Other efforts are in the works , " her mother , Deborah , told CNN . McFadden , who was born in St. Petersburg , Russia , spent her early years in a Russian orphanage -- walking on her hands because she had no wheelchair -- but embraced athletics after she was adopted and brought to the United States by her new family . The winner of the men 's wheelchair race was Australia 's Kurt Fearnley , and the winning runner in the men 's elite race was Tsegaye Kebede of Ethiopia . The first-placed runner in the elite women 's event was Priscah Jeptoo of Kenya . Fellow countrywoman Edna Kiplagat came in second . The race is being staged amid heightened security , as police take extra precautions after the Boston Marathon bombing six days ago . Although some spectators admitted to slight apprehension about coming out Sunday , the prevailing mood seemed one of solidarity . "  If you live your life just scared of what 's going to happen , you wo n't do much , " one man near the finish line told CNN . "  I think it 's important everyone comes and just shows that there are thousands of people who are here for the right intentions . " More than three-quarters of those taking part in Sunday 's race are raising money for charity . Race organizers are also donating 2 British pounds to the One Fund Boston -- set up to help those most affected by the Boston bombing -- for each runner to cross the finish line . With about 35,000 runners , that 's expected to come to about $ 100,000 . Mayor of London Boris Johnson tweeted Sunday to wish all those involved in the event good luck and "  a great day out , " adding , " @bostonmarathon our thoughts are with you today . " Race director Hugh Brasher urged participants in an e-mail Friday not to lose sight of what the London Marathon stands for . "  One of the original aims of the London Marathon was ` to provide some fun and a sense of achievement in a troubled world , ' " he wrote . "  Following the tragic events in Boston earlier this week , that goal will be even more meaningful when the running community comes together on the start line of this Sunday 's race . " Several hundred additional officers were on the streets for the event , a move the Metropolitan Police said was intended to "  provide visible reassurance to the participants and spectators . " Police also appealed for anyone there to take extra care with their belongings , to avoid sparking security scares . Hundreds of thousands of spectators usually turn out to support those taking part in the race . WATCH : Boston wheelchair champ races London Chief Supt. Julia Pendry , police commander for the event , said police worked with the organizers , partners and other emergency services to ensure the right plans were in place . "  Following the terrible events in Boston , we are providing additional visible reassurance to the public in what is naturally a worrying time , " she said . "  I would stress there is no change to the threat level to London and nothing at this stage to link the Boston bombings to the London marathon . " Will Geddes , managing director of threat management company International Corporate Protection , told CNN this week that it is "  very difficult " to secure a marathon because of the length of the route . Any potential terrorist "  will be looking for the largest number of casualties they can achieve , so the start point and the finish point will no doubt be two areas the Metropolitan Police will be focusing on and how they can secure those , " he said . But , he added , "  to a certain degree , there is only so much they can do . " The course , which starts in southeast London , wends through the Canary Wharf business district and passes by some of the capital 's most famous landmarks , including Tower Bridge and Westminster , before finishing near Buckingham Palace . Last summer , authorities implemented a huge security plan to keep the city safe during the London Olympics . And they sought to reassure the public ahead of Sunday 's race , with calls for supporters to come out in droves to show solidarity after the tragic events in Boston . Sport Minister Hugh Robertson told the UK public broadcaster , the BBC , "  The best way for us to react is to push ahead with the marathon , to get people on the streets and to celebrate it as we always do in London -- and to send a very clear message that we wo n't be cowed by this sort of behavior . " The London Marathon 's chief executive , Nigel Bitel , also said , "  It 's a great occasion , the London Marathon , and I know that people will want to come out and send a message of support to runners on the day . " CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Double winner of women 's wheelchair race dedicates her victory to Boston victims NEW : Supporters voice solidarity with Boston as they cheer on the London runners Runners joined a 30-second start-line silence in tribute to the Boston bombing Security is ramped up for the event , with more police on the streets
Washington  CNN  -- The federal budget has always been a tool for partisanship , but never more so than in the past few years . Like the awkward and irreverent distant relative at the dinner table , the Senate tried for several years to ignore it . But everyone knew it was in the room , helping to create a permanent state of partisan gridlock . But the government shutdown in October caused so much political fallout that most Republicans and Democrats in a Congress already rated poorly by the public did n't want to go through it again with midterm election campaigns just getting off the ground . Passing a budget became an imperative . Two ideologically opposite lawmakers agreed to the same spending plan -- a notable feat considering Congress has lurched from fiscal crisis to fiscal crisis since President Barack Obama took office , deeply at odds over taxes and spending . Perhaps more miraculously , the House , which has been the hotbed of partisans , passed the two-year budget plan last week overwhelmingly before leaving town for the holidays . Republicans and Democrats supported the deal , even though neither side swooned . Some of the most liberal and conservative members opposed it . But for the first time in years , a core of the House came together to support federal spending . The vote was 332-94 . The proposal then traveled across the marble corridor of the Capitol to the Senate , where bipartisanship is usually more common . But this is where the whole thing gets more difficult due to arcane rules of the Senate , political realities ahead of midterms and the 2016 presidential race , concerns about spending , and a bruising fight over how the Senate operates that has sharpened partisan feelings . Senate supporters think they have votes Most insiders believe the bill that aims to avert a possible shutdown in mid January , relax sweeping spending cuts under the so-called sequester , and give everyone some political breathing room from the issue for two years , will ultimately pass and be sent to Obama for his signature . Those chances seemed to improve by the hour on Monday as supporters gained some conservative backing needed to clear a 60-vote procedural hurdle on Tuesday . Still , there are a number of Republicans who oppose the measure and nothing 's certain yet . A confluence of factors -- both relating to the budget and not -- will influence the outcome . Here 's how things look : 1 . 2014 reelection worries The numbers tell the story . Seven of the 12 GOP Senators running for re-election next year are facing primary challenges from the right . And that list includes the top two Republicans : Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Minority Whip John Cornyn of Texas . McConnell will not vote for the agreement . Cornyn appears skeptical . Some major conservative groups have criticized the budget agreement , including Americans for Prosperity , Club for Growth , Heritage Action for America , Freedomworks , and Senate Conservatives Fund . They are influential with tea party activists and other grassroots advocates who vote in big numbers in the Republican primaries -- aka , the kind of voters these Senators will need to win reelection . "  Yes . I think the primary challenges and the threat of future primary challenges is a factor when Senators go to the floor to vote . It may not be the biggest factor , but to ignore the impact of primaries would be silly , " said Nathan Gonzales , political editor of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report . One other factor that could be at play when it comes to Senators in the GOP leadership : This is not their deal . There is not Senate equivalent to the agreement struck by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan and his Senate counterpart , Democrat Patty Murray . 2 . 2016 politics Sentiments of those same Republican primary voters could be why three GOP Senators not up for re-election in 2014 quickly opposed the deal last week . Marco Rubio of Florida , Rand Paul of Kentucky , and Ted Cruz of Texas are all considered possible contenders for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination . Because of that , just about every vote they take will be scrutinized by outside conservative groups influential with core voters in presidential primaries and caucuses . Durbin says 2014 and 2016 politics is a factor when it comes to Senate Republican opposition . "  A handful of members of the Senate are vying for the presidency in years to come and thinking about this vote in the context . And others are frankly afraid of this new force , the tea party force , the Heritage Foundation force , that is threatening seven out of the 12 Republican senators running for re-election , " Durbin told "  Face the Nation . " Do n't expect Boehner to totally change his tune 3 . Read the bill Members on both sides of the aisle are n't enthusiastically supporting the budget deal -- a good sign that it is a true compromise . On the left , some are opposed to the fact that it does n't include an extension of unemployment benefits , cutting off 1.3 million Americans three days after Christmas . "  It 's really unconscionable , " Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa said on Radio Iowa last week . On the right , Republicans oppose the amount of government spending . It preserved about 60 % of the automatic sequester cuts that went into effect in March , reducing them by about $ 45 billion . With proposed federal spending at $ 1.012 trillion for this fiscal year and $ 1.014 for next , some Republicans say that 's too high . "  I 'd really like to stay within the  spending  caps , " complained Sen. John Boozman , an Arkansas Republican about limits imposed by a 2011 budget law . Others oppose cuts to military retiree pensions as a way to save money . "  We need to find a better way to save $ 6 billion than take it out of the hides of our retired veterans , " said Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi , who said he would vote against the bill . Opinion : Obama 's very tough year 4 . Filibuster fallout After Democrats changed the Senate rules to weaken the ability of minority Republicans to block presidential appointments , the GOP may not be in the mood to play nice . The Senate was locked in fierce partisan bickering over this while the House was passing the budget . Angry over the rules change , Republicans took advantage of Senate procedure and forced two consecutive all-night sessions , an attempt to prove a point and annoy Democrats . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid responded to Republican tactics by telling them he ca n't "  heal hurt feelings " and said he would press forward to pass the budget and other items before the waning time left before Christmas . "  I understand that Republicans are still upset , " Reid told reporters last week . "  I ca n't wave a magic wand and heal hurt feelings , but I can appeal to my colleagues to be reasonable and work with us and to schedule votes in a timely manner on the important work we have left to do . " Republicans , who do n't love the budget deal , might feel like making things a little more difficult . 5 . Fears of another shutdown The 16-day government shutdown was a political disaster for the GOP . Conservative Republicans triggered the political debacle by insisting that money to fund the government be tied to defunding Obamacare , which they despise . The public mainly blamed them , and their poll numbers quickly dropped in the so-called generic ballot , a key 2014 metric in the battle for control of Congress . Republicans currently control the House and Democrats , the Senate . Many Republican lawmakers are quietly worried the GOP brand would suffer further damage if they take the blame for another shutdown even though Democrats and Obama have their own problems with voter sentiment on their job performance . Opinion : Democrats lose on budget deal Ryan , in touting his deal on Sunday , highlighted that "  we 're preventing two government shutdowns from possibly occurring . " Republicans say they plan to campaign against the Obamacare health reforms under the Affordable Care Act as they work next year to try and regain the Senate , which Democrats hold by 10 seats and keep their double-digit majority in the House . Another government shutdown would sidetrack them from their mission . "  Democratic political strategists would like nothing more than for the GOP to take the focus off Obamacare again and to shoot themselves in the foot with another government shutdown , " said Brian Walsh , a GOP strategist and communications director for the National Republican Senatorial Committee in the 2010 and 2012 election cycles . "  This agreement takes that scenario off the table and keeps the Democrats firmly on defense with their disastrous healthcare law heading into 2014 . " 5 reasons why Congress might  finally  pass a budget CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report	The Senate is expected to take up the budget on Tuesday 2014 and 2016 politics will play into Senate budget vote The fallout from the filibuster rule change has left hard feelings in the Senate Fear of another government shutdown has pushed some to support the deal
Mexico City  CNN  -- Tropical storm Ernesto skirted the Mexican coast Thursday with top winds of 60 miles an hour , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said . As of 2 p.m. ET , the storm was about 5 miles north of Coatzacoalcos , which is southeast of Mexico City along the Gulf of Mexico , the Hurricane Center said . A tropical storm warning was in effect from Veracruz to Chiltepec , about 60 miles inland . Ernesto is expected to move slowly over southern Mexico later Thursday and on Friday and weaken as the center of the storm moves over the high terrain of Mexico , the Hurricane Center said . NASA study links extreme weather , climate change The storm could bring as much as 10 inches of rain to the state of Veracruz and neighboring Tabasco , Puebla , and Oaxaca through Friday , and may produce life-threatening flash floods or mudslides over high terrain , the hurricane center said . It also warned of a storm surge of 1 to 3 feet above normal along the coast , along with large and dangerous waves . Ernesto made initial landfall Tuesday night as a Category 1 hurricane in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo , on the Yucatan Peninsula , before moving back into the Gulf . Complete coverage of weather	NEW : Ernesto is 5 miles from Mexico 's Gulf coast NEW : It is expected to weaken as it moves over land NEW : A tropical storm warning is in effect for the region The storm surge could reach 3 feet , forecasters say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Fighter jets and other combat aircraft used Taiwan 's main highway as a makeshift airstrip Tuesday as part of a dawn drill that simulated an attack from China . Taiwan 's Central News Agency  CNA  said the aircraft practiced emergency take-offs and landings near the city of Chiayi , on a section of the main north-south route that runs along the island 's west coast . Ground crews practiced refueling and re-loading ammunition , CNA said . The drill is part of Taiwan 's annual "  Han Kuang " exercises that last five days and test the military 's combat readiness in the event of an attack from China , said J. Michael Cole , a correspondent for IHS Jane 's Defense Weekly and a fellow of the China Policy Institute at the University of Nottingham in the UK . "  Taiwan is a small place with a limited number of air bases , " he told CNN . "  China has 1,500 to 1,600 short and mid-range missiles targeted at Taiwan and it 's understood that the first phase of a missile attack would target these air bases so they would have to find an alternative . " The aircraft involved included an F-16 A/B jet fighter , a Mirage 2000-5 and an Indigenous Defensive Fighter , as well as an E-2K airborne early warning aircraft , a CH-47 Chinook helicopter , an OH-58D reconnaissance helicopter and two AH-1W Super Cobra attack helicopters , CNA reported . The military exercises also involve live-fire maritime drills on Taiwan 's east coast and near the island of Penghu in the Taiwan Strait . Breakaway province Beijing considers Taiwan a breakaway province and has never ruled out the use of force to achieve reunification . Relations between the two sides have improved since the Kuomintang party came to power in Taiwan 's 2008 election . In February , Taiwan and China held their highest level talks for more than six decades -- the first government-to-government contact since the pair 's acrimonious split in 1949 amid civil war . Cole said that while relations have improved in some respects , with more exchanges in terms of tourism , investment and education , the underlying cause of the conflict has yet to be resolved . "  People here see themselves as Taiwanese but at some point Beijing will want them to move nearer  to reunification  and the military option remains on the table . In my view , it 's a distant probability but it remains an option . " Small plane makes forced landing on Bronx highway	Fighter jets and other combat aircraft used Taiwan 's main highway as a makeshift airstrip Drill part of annual military exercises that simulate an attack by China Beijing considers Taiwan a breakaway province . It has n't ruled out use of force to achieve reunification
CNN  -- Anyone that bikes dreams of riding a Tron Light Cycle . Revolights , a set of wheel-mounted LEDs , now makes that dream a little closer to reality , and a new built-in version is helping that system become even more lightweight and simple than the original bolt-on setup . The white-and-red lighting comprises a ring of LEDs that you install around the entire edge of each of your bike rims . Using a pair of clever devices , only the forward-facing lights  or backwards , in the case of the rear wheel  illuminate when the wheel spins . The result is beautiful arcs of light that make you visible from all angles , an effect that Revolights ' co-founder and CFO Adam Pettler says came by accident . Revolights inventor Kent Frankovich did n't set out to produce the arcs , instead he was looking for a better headlight design , one that would make obstacles stand out more clearly though low angle lighting . The timed blinking of the lights was to prevent them from shining in a rider 's eyes . "  It was n't until after he had created the first prototype that we realized the huge increase in rider visibility that came with it , " Pettler says , "  He then quickly made a red taillight to match . " The lights use two mechanisms to tell the LEDs when to turn on and off . At low speeds , an accelerometer determines the position of the lights by reading the pull of gravity . At higher velocities , the lights switch over to calculating speed based on the wheel 's period of rotation . That allows the system to synchronize a cascading LED pattern . This is Revolights ' second Kickstarter campaign . The first one was completed in 2011 , raising five times its initial goal . Pettler says this second Kickstarter is being done to celebrate the release of a v2 version of the product . Interestingly , the revamped Revolights City v2 .0 kits are n't one of the Kickstarter rewards . "  The City represents our second product , designed with the goal of making Revolights more accessible , " says Pettler . "  And while it is a new product we now offer , Revolights City is an aftermarket kit you install on your own wheels , and we felt putting it on Kickstarter would be too similar to our last campaign . " So they went bigger . The current Kickstarter is for custom wheels with the lights built right in . It 's a project created in partnership with Mission Bicycle Company  also a Kickstarter alum  . "  We designed Revolights Wheels to address our largest design challenges : installation and compatibility , " says Pettler . "  While many cyclists enjoy their existing wheels and want to put Revolights on them , there 's a whole other group of riders out there that do n't want to install their own lights . " It 's a smart way of using Kickstarter . For simple product updates , there 's no need  and indeed some discouragement  for using Kickstarter . But by putting together an ambitious product for the crowd funding site and timing that to coincide with an update of your more stable product , you get the best of both worlds as a creator . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Revolights are a set of wheel-mounted LEDs which increase cycle visibility The project raised five times the goal funding on Kickstarter in 2011 Now the team is looking to Kickstarter again to develop wheels with in-built lights The lights are timed to blink depending on the speed the bike goes , preventing them from blinding riders
Lucifer can not be born in New Zealand . And there 's no place for Christ or a Messiah either . In New Zealand , parents have to run by the government any name they want to bestow on their baby . And each year , there 's a bevy of unusual ones too bizarre to pass the taste test . The country 's Registrar of Births , Deaths and Marriages shared that growing list with CNN on Wednesday . Four words : What were they thinking ? In the past 12 years , the agency had to turn down not one , not two , but six sets of parents who wanted to name their child "  Lucifer . " Also shot down were parents who wanted to grace their child with the name "  Messiah . " That happened twice . "  Christ , " too , was rejected . Specific rules As the agency put it , acceptable names must not cause offense to a reasonable person , not be unreasonably long and should not resemble an official title and rank . It 's no surprise then that the names nixed most often since 2001 are "  Justice "  62 times  and "  King "  31 times  . Some of the other entries scored points in the creativity department -- but clearly did n't take into account the lifetime of pain they 'd bring . "  Mafia No Fear . " "  4Real . " "  Anal . " Oh , come on ! Then there were the parents who preferred brevity through punctuation . The ones who picked ' " * "  the asterisk  or ' " . "  period  . Slipping through Still , some quirky names do make it through . In 2008 , the country made made international news when the naming agency allowed a set of twins to be named ' "  Benson " and "  Hedges " -- a popular cigarette brand -- and OK 'd the names "  Violence " and "  Number 16 Bus Shelter . " Asked about those examples , Michael Mead of the Internal Affairs Department  under which the agency falls  said , "  All names registered with the Department since 1995 have conformed to these rules . " And what happens when parents do n't conform ? Four years ago , a 9-year-old girl was taken away from her parents by the state so that her name could be changed from "  Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii . " Not alone To be sure , New Zealand is not the only country to act as editor for some parent 's wacky ideas . Sweden also has a naming law and has nixed attempts to name children "  Superman , " "  Metallica , " and the oh-so-easy-to-pronounce "  Brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116 . " In 2009 , the Dominican Republic contemplated banning unusual names after a host of parents began naming their children after cars or fruit . In the United States , however , naming fights have centered on adults . In 2008 , a judge allowed an Illinois school bus driver to legally change his first name to "  In God " and his last name to "  We Trust . " But the same year , an appeals court in New Mexico ruled against a man -- named Variable -- who wanted to change his name to "  F -- Censorship ! " Here is a list of some the names banned in New Zealand since 2001 -- and how many times they came up Justice :62 King :31 Princess :28 Prince :27 Royal :25 Duke :10 Major :9 Bishop :9 Majesty :7 J :6 Lucifer :6 using brackets around middle names :4 Knight :4 Lady :3 using back slash between names :8 Judge :3 Royale :2 Messiah :2 T :2 I :2 Queen :2 II :2 Sir :2 III :2 Jr :2 E :2 V :2 Justus :2 Master :2 Constable :1 Queen Victoria :1 Regal :1 Emperor :1 Christ :1 Juztice :1 3rd :1 C J :1 G :1 Roman numerals III :1 General :1 Saint :1 Lord :1 .  full stop  :1 89:1 Eminence :1 M :1 VI :1 Mafia No Fear :1 2nd :1 Majesti :1 Rogue :1 4real :1 *  star symbol  :1 5th :1 S P :1 C :1 Sargent :1 Honour :1 D :1 Minister :1 MJ :1 Chief :1 Mr :1 V8 :1 President :1 MC :1 Anal :1 A.J :1 Baron :1 L B :1 H-Q :1 Queen V :1	New Zealand has an agency that signs off on baby names Some names that have been vetoed are Mafia No Fear and Messiah New Zealand is not the only country to edit names Sweden also has a naming law and has nixed Superman as a baby name
CNN  -- The president of the Central African Republic has fled the country 's capital and rebels have seized control of the city , a government official said Sunday . President Francois Bozize crossed into the Democratic Republic of Congo , said Jules Gautier Ngbapo , a spokesman for the government 's territorial administration minister . He declined to disclose Bozize 's location Sunday . Read more : What 's behind the unrest ? "  The Central African Republic has just opened a new page in its history , " said a written statement from Justin Kombo Moustapha , secretary general of the Seleka rebels . The statement described Bozize as the country 's former president and urged residents of the landlocked country to remain calm and prepare themselves to welcome rebel forces . Word of Bozize 's surprise departure came as violence erupted in the capital , Bangui . Read more : Who are Seleka ? Witnesses reported hours of gunfire , and Ngbapo said at least seven civilians were killed as rebels and local residents looted shops . Some South African soldiers were killed in clashes , according to a statement from the office of French President Francois Hollande . South African officials could not be immediately reached for comment . A United Nations spokeswoman based in Bangui described the situation as confusing and very tense . "  A number of U.N. offices have been looted as well as residences of some U.N. personnel , " spokeswoman Uwolowulakana Ikavi said . Sounds of fierce gunfire rang out for hours Sunday , she said . The country has been on edge since rebel fighters pushed their way into the capital . The wave of unrest started in December , when the Seleka rebel coalition launched its offensive . The rebels accused Bozize of reneging on a peace deal and demanded that he step down . The rebel group , based in the country 's north , managed to take control of several towns and move toward Bangui in the following weeks . The Seleka and the government brokered a new peace deal in January , agreeing to form a unity government led by Bozize . But that peace deal also fell apart . On Saturday , about 150 French troops secured the airport in Bangui . France also asked for an urgent U.N. Security Council meeting to address the crisis in its former colony . Hollande 's office said the French president had spoken Sunday with South African President Jacob Zuma , expressing condolences for the soldiers ' deaths . "  They called on all the parties to be calm , " the statement from Hollande 's office said , "  to stop looting and to respect the political accords of Libreville , " where leaders signed a peace deal in January . Read more : French troops deployed to Central African Republic The African Union condemned the Seleka rebels ' renewed offensive and also announced a travel ban and asset freeze against political and military actors involved in violating humanitarian rights or the January peace agreement . Meanwhile , on Sunday , U.N. officials in the Central African Republic were preparing to evacuate . U.N. staff on the ground in Bangui are not allowed to leave the compound , Ikavi said , and non-essential staff will be evacuated or relocated once the security situation allows . "  As a human being , I am afraid , " Ikavi said . "  No one can stay calm when you hear heavy shooting not far from the place that you are staying . " CNN 's Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebel official : "  The Central African Republic has just opened a new page in its history " NEW : U.N. offices are among the targets of looting , a spokeswoman says Rebels seize control of capital of Central African Republic , official says President left Bangui via the Democratic Republic of Congo , an official says
