Before authorities arrested him at O'Hare International Airport and accused him of attempting to provide aid to ISIS , a teen from the Chicago suburbs left behind a letter for his parents . Mohammed Hamzah Khan , 19 , wrote that he was leaving the United States and on the way to join ISIS , according to a criminal complaint . He invited his family to join him in the three-page letter , which authorities found in the bedroom he shared with a sibling in Bolingbrook , Illinois . But he warned them not to tell anyone about his travel plans , the complaint said . "  First and foremost , please make sure not to to tell the authorities , " he wrote , according to the complaint . "  For if this were to happen it will jeopardize not only the safety of us but our family as well . " A round-trip ticket was purchased for Khan from Chicago to Istanbul , authorities said . But the teen never made it to his destination . Once he crossed security at the airport Saturday , federal agents stopped him and executed a search warrant at his home , where documents expressing support for ISIS and jihadists were recovered , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Among them , according to the complaint : drawings of the black ISIS flag and a notebook including a sketch of an ISIS fighter accompanied by words in Arabic : "  Come to Jihad . " Now he 's charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . The teen was taken into custody without incident and made his first court appearance Monday CNN affiliates reported . The charge he faces carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . His parents declined to comment after Monday 's hearing , The Chicago Tribune reported . "  As Khan was being led from the courtroom by deputy marshals , his father put his arm around Khan 's weeping mother and sought to calm her , " the newspaper said . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? Letter : Teen felt obligated to ` migrate ' Details about who purchased the airplane ticket for Khan and whom he was planning to meet in Turkey were not included in the criminal complaint . But the court document does state that the FBI has withheld many details for now , including in the document only enough to persuade a judge to criminally charge Khan . The search at Khan 's Bolingbrook home , where he lives with his parents , turned up documents allegedly written by Khan that stated his intentions . In the letter , Khan wrote that there is an obligation to "  migrate " to ISIS-controlled territory . ISIS , an extremist Islamist group , has been fighting to take over a swath of territory in Iraq and Syria where it wants to establish a caliphate or Islamic state . "  We are all witness that the Western societies are getting more immoral day by day , " Khan is wrote in the letter , according to the complaint . "  I do not want my kids being exposed to filth like this . " Finally , he asks his family to join him in the "  Islamic State . " During questioning at the airport , Khan waived his Miranda rights and told FBI agents that a person he met online  not identified by name in the court document  had given him the phone number of a person to call once he arrived in Istanbul . That person , Khan told agents , was to take him to ISIS territory . According to the complaint , Khan told authorities he was planning on being in some type of public service -- like a police force -- or providing humanitarian work or a combat role . Turkey , the complaint notes , is a common transit point for foreign fighters from Western countries who travel to join ISIS . Feds : NY store owner plotted to kill U.S. troops himself Other alleged ISIS recruits in America Opinion : How to stop ISIS from recruiting Americans This is n't the first time authorities have accused Americans of supporting ISIS . "  ISIS is smart , and they 're using social media to recruit as many Americans or other allies to come to Syria to be radicalized and trained to fight , " Rep. C.A. "  Dutch " Ruppersberger , D-Maryland , said Monday . "  There are other Americans who are being recruited , " the congressman told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  It does n't mean they 're going to Syria , but some do . " On Sunday , FBI Director James Comey told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that his agency is tracking a dozen Americans that have joined terrorist groups inside Syria . "  These homegrown violent extremists are troubled souls who are seeking meaning in some misguided way , and so they come across the propaganda , and they become radicalized on their own , sort of independent study , and they 're also able to equip themselves with training , again , through the Internet , " Comey told CBS . "  And then engage in jihad after emerging from their basement . " Last month federal authorities detailed their case against the owner of a New York food store who they accused of funding ISIS and plotting to gun down U.S. troops who had served in Iraq . A law enforcement official told CNN that former Boston resident and U.S. citizen Ahmad Abousamra could be a key player in the ISIS social media machine that 's become renowned in recent weeks for spewing brutal propaganda online -- messages meant both to terrify and recruit Westerners . And CNN obtained tapes of American terrorists recruiting friends in the United States to join terror groups like ISIS . ISIS has successfully recruited large numbers of foreign fighters from across the globe , including from the United States and Western Europe . A CIA source told CNN last month that more than 15,000 foreign fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , had gone to the civil war in Syria . It was not immediately clear how many had joined ISIS and how many were with other groups opposed to the Syrian government . The foreign fighters come from more than 80 countries , the CIA source said . A top State Department official insisted Monday that American efforts to combat ISIS ' powerful online message are working , successfully keeping disaffected youth from joining the extremist group . "  We have evidence that there are young people who are not joining because we have somehow interceded , " Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Richard Stengel told CNN 's Elise Labott on Monday . "  They 're reading the messages , they 're hearing the messages -- not just from us but from the hundreds of Islamic clerics who have said that this is a perversion of Islam , from the hundreds of Islamic scholars who have said the same thing . " "  It 's a very small cohort , " Stengel said of these so-called "  foreign fighter " cases originating from the United States .	Congressman : "  There are other Americans who are being recruited " by ISIS Mohammed Hamzah Khan made his first court appearance The 19-year-old was arrested at O'Hare International Airport on Saturday Authorities allege there is evidence that he wanted to join ISIS
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- NATO and Afghan forces fought back Taliban attackers who launched an assault Monday on a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan , near the border with Pakistan . The insurgents detonated explosives and then began firing guns in an area where NATO supply trucks were parked in Nangarhar province , said Ahmed Zia Abdulzai , a spokesman for the province 's governor . The initial attack was repulsed and Afghan and NATO troops engaged the militants in a firefight for about two hours , during which all the attackers were killed , Abdulzai said . No civilians or military personnel were killed , he said , and only a few NATO supply trucks caught fire during the violence . Firefighters are trying to put out the flames , he said . Taliban spokesman Zabiulah Mujahid claimed the attack , in which several suicide bombers participated , had killed soldiers at the base . But NATO said that no service members from its International Security Assistance Force had died . Situated at the border town of Torkham , the base is a transit point for the NATO supplies from Pakistan . The attack prompted authorities to close the border with Pakistan at Torkham and suspend traffic on the highway between Torkham and the Afghan city of Jalalabad . Militants in Afghanistan kill at least 12 CNN 's Khushbu Shah and journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi contributed to this report .	Taliban insurgents detonate explosives and fire guns in the assault NATO supply trucks catch fire amid violence All the Taliban attackers are killed by Afghan and NATO forces , an official says The Taliban claims it inflicted casualties , but NATO says no troops were killed
CNN  -- You may have heard of yoga 's "  downward-facing dog " pose , but what about "  upward-staring horse " ? Well , that 's sort of the idea at one animal school in Argentina . A video of a wrangler performing yoga-esque poses atop a strapping steed went viral on the internet earlier this year , bringing predictable headlines like "  You 'll neigh-ver believe it " and "  Horse yoga is actually a thing ! " But the practice turns out to be not quite the same ancient Indus Valley art that such reports have suggested . Instead , it owes its formation to the indigenous communities of rural Argentina , in which horses have played an integral , almost mystical role for centuries . According to Cristabal Scarpati , co-founder of the Doma India school in the town of San Luis , these impressive skills have been honed and passed down through tribes , towns and settlements in the region for generations . "  The philosophy of our school is the philosophy that my father learned from an old Indian named Don Cristobal Luna , " Scarpati told CNN . "  He taught us how to recreate these exercises practiced by the Indian aborigines . "  These people were endowed with extraordinary abilities and very often the survival of their tribes depended on them . It was also a way for cawelche  tribal horse experts  to display their union with the animals and show off their skills . " On the film , a man can be seen stretching a horse 's legs before carefully performing a headstand on its chest . He then maneuvers the horse onto its side , soothing it into a trance like state of relaxation . It 's an oddly enchanting sight , displaying the controlled movement and calmness that many who have dabbled in the practice of yoga or meditation will recognize . "  For many years I traveled the world bringing this message and what we can say is that horses -- regardless of race or color or origin -- are all susceptible to the same stimuli ... like affection , empathy , respect and solidarity , " Scarpati said . "  I 've never done yoga but now people tell me a little about it I actually think there are many points of connection , " he added on the similarities of the concepts . "  The pursuit of harmony , peace of mind and body health are closely intertwined in both activities . I think the suggestion is quite correct . " Thousands lose sleep over horse 's birth Doma India primarily exists to teach owners about the mental state of horses and to help tame horses that are troublesome , untrusting or insecure . However , the school also aims to help people meditate or seek an inner calm through the experiences and interactions they can have with horses . "  The horse can actually produce a calming effect on people , " Scarpati said . "  I sincerely believe that we can enjoy something very similar to yoga if we encourage people to play with horses and if we dare to truly connect with them on their frequency in the frequency of nature . " With that in mind , maybe the upward-staring horse pose is n't so far fetched after all . See also : Thoroughbred therapy on Cape Town coast See also : Top 10 grandstand views	Doma India is a school in Argentina that practices ancient horse taming methods A video of a wrangler at the school performing atop a horse went viral on the internet Spectacular poses have been passed down through generations of local tribes
CNN  -- Before humans ever went into space , there were books about the possibility . Some were fantasies about life in the cosmos . Some were scientific histories . Eventually , after the Space Age began , some profiled the men and women who brought space exploration to life . With the shuttle Atlantis concluding America 's 30-year space shuttle program , it seems only fitting that we sample a few books about space exploration . The United States began its program with the seven Mercury astronauts , so here are seven books -- six works of nonfiction and one of fiction -- about aiming for the stars . Top 5 space movies "  The Right Stuff " by Tom Wolfe Wolfe 's history of the early space program , which originated as a four-part series in Rolling Stone , was a 1979 best-seller . The book blends the stories of test pilots such as Chuck Yeager -- fearless , free-spirited fliers who blazed the trail for the future Mercury astronauts  all of whom were pilots themselves  . "  It is Tom Wolfe at his very best , better in fact than he 's been before . It is technically accurate , learned , cheeky , risky , touching , tough , compassionate , nostalgic , worshipful , jingoistic -- it is superb , " wrote C.D.B. Bryan in The New York Times . Indeed , it may be Wolfe 's best book . "  Apollo : The Race to the Moon " by Charles Murray and Catherine Bly Cox There are a number of fine books on the Apollo program , including "  Moon Shot , " by astronauts Alan Shepard and Deke Slayton , and Andrew Chaikin 's "  A Man on the Moon . " But Murray and Cox 's thorough 1989 history of the program that led to the moon landing remains a standout , with finely etched portraits of NASA 's behind-the-scenes personnel and the drama of overcoming scientific and political obstacles . Space station crew takes final spacewalk of shuttle era "  Packing for Mars " by Mary Roach So you think being an astronaut is easy ? As Roach demonstrates in her amusing and informative book , which came out last year , it 's anything but . Humans were n't designed for space , with its lack of gravity and endless opportunities for boredom , and Roach  "  Stiff , " "  Bonk "  revels in tales of bodily fluids gone awry , the use of cadavers , and what it 's like being trapped on a long mission , in a small capsule , with people you may not really like . Something to think about before booking that trip on Virgin Galactic . Minute by minute : Atlantis shuttle lifts off for final time "  Magnificent Desolation " by Buzz Aldrin The second man to land on the moon is more than just an astronaut . Aldrin has a doctorate in aeronautics and put his name on an iPad app . But he 's also had his share of struggles . In this memoir , he talks about his life as an astronaut -- but also life afterwards , when he coped with alcoholism and depression . He also has some pointed words about the space program 's future . "  Riding Rockets " by Mike Mullane The space shuttle has been praised as "  a fantastic vehicle " by a NASA employee , but the people who have been at the controls did n't always think so . Mullane , a former pilot who flew three shuttle missions , is brash , profane and blunt in talking about NASA 's culture -- and often tender when telling stories about his fellow astronauts . He 's also hilarious . Atlantis mission extended "  Moon Dust " by Andrew Smith For all the people who have gone into space -- about 500 -- just 12 have stepped on the moon and returned to tell the tale . Smith , a British journalist , went in search of the surviving moonwalkers and found a set of men who were , by turns , driven , spiritual , reserved and thoughtful . He even got in a few questions with the notoriously private Neil Armstrong . "  The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " series by Douglas Adams OK , so the Earth has n't been destroyed to make way for an hyperspace bypass , and Norway was n't created by an interstellar architect . Nevertheless , Adams ' points remain timeless : The human race is just a giant science experiment , always bring a towel , and -- above all -- do n't panic . Good advice whether you 're exploring the galaxy -- or Bournemouth . NASA flight director relishes the moment , focuses on the mission	In honor of the shuttle program , here are seven books about aiming for the stars Read about Buzz Aldrin 's life in space and on earth in his memoir "  Magnificent Desolation " Journalist Andrew Smith tracked down the 12 astronauts who walked the moon
Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with a man who allegedly scaled a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire to get into her house last month , according to a police search warrant . The warrant , obtained by TMZ , said that Bullock , upon hearing banging inside the house around 1 a.m. June 8 , found the intruder in the hall outside her bedroom door . Joshua Corbett , 39 , is accused in the case and faces multiple felony charges . DA : Sandra Bullock 's stalker owned ` arsenal ' of machine guns Bullock said she slammed the door and called 911 . According to TMZ 's story , when the police arrived , the intruder started screaming , "  Sandy , I 'm sorry . Please do n't press charges . " In another twist , the intruder was carrying a notebook featuring photographs of Bullock and a number of handwritten notes , the TMZ story said . One of them read , "  I will forever be thinking of you and  Bullock 's son  Louie , my son , as you are my wife by law , the law of God and you belong to me and me to you . " An arrest was made at Bullock 's house . Police said they later searched Corbett 's Montrose , California , house and found "  an arsenal of weapons " that included a half-dozen illegal machine guns . The finding of the weapons led to 19 felony counts , including seven counts of possession of a machine gun , two counts of possession of an assault weapon and 10 counts of possession of a destructive device , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office told CNN last month . Corbett pleaded not guilty after the initial charges were filed . After the added counts , his bail was increased from $ 185,000 to $ 2.2 million . The charges carry a potential maximum of 12 years in prison if Corbett is convicted , Deputy District Attorney Wendy Segall told CNN last month .	An intruder got into Sandra Bullock 's house last month Bullock saw the man in the hall , slammed bedroom door and called 911 Joshua Corbett , 39 , has been charged with multiple felonies in the case Police say a search of his house revealed "  an arsenal of weapons "
Provincetown is an oasis with the kind of light that inspires artists and writers , a town at the tip of Massachusetts ' Cape Cod that celebrates the LGBT community . It 's a small town of nearly 3,000 year-rounders that grows to 60,000 to 100,000 residents in summer , when many visitors come to celebrate Carnival , Family Week , Bear Week and more . They also come to see the Broadway theater types and drag queens who hawk their shows along Ptown 's main drag , Commercial Street . Day tourists jump on the fast ferry from Boston to buy T-shirts and gawk , while nature lovers leave town to explore the many different sides of Cape Cod National Seashore . Around the world in 18 photos Is n't that enough for a town of just three square miles ? But there 's more . It 's also where Anthony Bourdain started as a dishwasher at the Flagship Bar & Grill , called the Dreadnaught in his classic chef 's memoir , "  Kitchen Confidential : Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly . " As Bourdain returns to Massachusetts in this week 's episode of "  Parts Unknown , " we explore other reasons to love Ptown . The country 's oldest continuous art colony Look at the landscape and you 'll know why Jackson Pollock and Willem de Kooning painted here . But it 's not just the beauty of the place ; it 's also the community that helps artists create and show their work . Founded by local artists and townspeople a century ago , the Provincetown Art Association and Museum  PAAM  supports the town 's incredible art scene through exhibitions , conversations and its Museum School . The colony is nestled in the town 's East End , known for its large concentration of galleries  although other galleries are located throughout town  . Start at the PAAM building and wander down Commercial Street for more inspiration . 10 things you did n't know about Vegas A who 's who of writers shacked up here Some of the world 's best writers , playwrights and poets have come to the Outer Cape . Writers Norman Mailer and Jack Kerouac , poet e.e. cummings and playwright Eugene O'Neill were drawn to the beach shacks near Provincetown to write . You can write there , too : The National Park Service , which oversees the shacks now , and local non-profits help pick artists and writers for residencies at the shacks . Director John Waters can sometimes be spotted in town , as can Pulitzer Prize-winning author Michael Cunningham . Our understated favorite , often called the poet of Provincetown 's off-season , is noted Pulitzer Prize - and National Book Award-winning poet Mary Oliver . She 's lived here for more than 40 years . Oliver 's work quietly whispers of the beauty of the place : "  At Blackwater Pond the tossed waters have settled/after a night of rain . / I dip my cupped hands . / I drink/a long time . It tastes/like stone , leaves , fire . It falls cold/into my body , waking the bones . I hear them/deep inside me , whispering/oh what is that beautiful thing/that just happened ? " Tennessee Williams made his mark here American playwright Tennessee Williams spent just four summers in Provincetown in the 1940s , but the work he wrote here -- "  The Glass Menagerie " and "  A Streetcar Named Desire " -- is seminal . That 's why the Provincetown Tennessee Williams Theater Festival was launched in 2006 . The festival presents the works of Tennessee Williams in September , two weeks before Columbus Day . Ten works have had their world premieres here . Harvest your own cranberries Cape Cod National Seashore stretches beyond the tiny enclave of Provincetown , protecting some 44,600 acres of seashores , marine life , dunes and more . While swimming , exploring the dunes and tide pools and hiking is popular during the summer season , there 's also much to explore off-season . Locals know you can gather certain fruits and berries , including cranberries and blueberries , at harvest time . There 's a daily fruit limit of one gallon per person , while the limit on edible mushrooms is five gallons per person per day . At most national park sites , visitors are not allowed to collect the park 's resources for personal use . However , limited foraging of certain foods is allowed within the national seashore , because it 's a traditional use on Cape Cod . National Park Service foraging rules on Cape Cod  PDF The Pilgrims came here first The Pilgrim Monument that towers over Provincetown honors the first landfall of the Mayflower Pilgrims in the so-called "  new world " on November 21 , 1620 . The five-week stay was important : While anchored in Provincetown harbor , the Pilgrims wrote and signed the Mayflower Compact establishing the founding principle of self-rule for the group . Apparently Provincetown was not to their liking as much as it is to ours : The Pilgrims left for Plymouth after a few weeks to establish a settlement there . The monument was built between 1907 and 1910 . Modern visitors who can climb to the top of the 252-foot-tall monument , get a sticker and bragging rights for the day . The Portuguese came next While the Portuguese fishing community that once thrived in Provincetown since the 1840s is mostly gone , a few fishing vessels and the culture 's influence remain . A fine bowl of Portuguese soup can still be found at the Mayflower and Lobster Pot restaurants . And it 's worth standing in line at the Portuguese Bakery for the sweet , fried dough called mulosayos .  Buy them hot .  Want more ? People come to celebrate the town 's Portuguese heritage during the town 's annual festival . Spot the floating houses Scattered throughout Provincetown are homes dating back to the early 19th century . They are called Long Point Floaters , adorned with blue and white plaques of a house floating on water . These homes were originally built in the nearby community of Long Point . When shore fishing became more difficult around 1850 , more than 30 homes were floated across the harbor to Provincetown . The plaques mark the homes that still exist today . From whale hunting to whale watching The whaling industry dominated Provincetown life during the 19th century . Although the discovery of oil in Pennsylvania would eventually reduce the demand for whale oil , the last whaler did n't stop sailing until the 1920s . Some 50 years later , the town became known for whale watching and preservation . Dolphin Fleet has been operating whale watch tours since the 1970s , and summer tourists crowd the ships during the summer . The trips feature naturalists trained by the town 's Center for Coastal Studies , which works to preserve marine life off the coast of Cape Cod . The center offers programs year-round to educate adults and children alike on the wonders of humpback and right whales , seals and the area 's magical tide pools .	The town where the Pilgrims first landed is also home to a century-old art colony Norman Mailer and Tennessee Williams came to the Cape 's beach shacks to create The beauty of Cape Cod National Seashore still inspires legions of painters The town 's waning Portuguese influence can still be found in its dining
Jerusalem  CNN  Israel did not spy on closed-door talks over Iran 's nuclear program involving the United States and other world powers , an Israeli official said Tuesday , denying a Wall Street Journal report . The newspaper reported late Monday on its website that Israel had obtained confidential information about the negotiations to help it argue against a potential deal . "  These allegations are utterly false , " the senior official in the Israeli Prime Minister 's office told CNN . "  The state of Israel does not conduct espionage against the United States or Israel 's other allies . " The Israeli government 's use of the information it allegedly gleaned -- sharing it with U.S. lawmakers and others to undercut support for a deal -- was what really angered the White House , the Journal reported Monday , citing current and former U.S. officials . "  It is one thing for the U.S. and Israel to spy on each other . It is another thing for Israel to steal U.S. secrets and play them back to U.S. legislators to undermine U.S. diplomacy , " a senior U.S. official briefed on the matter said , according to the newspaper . The Israeli espionage efforts included eavesdropping and also acquiring information from confidential U.S. briefings , informants and diplomatic contacts in Europe , the report says . The senior Israeli official told CNN that "  the false allegations are clearly intended to undermine the strong ties between the United States and Israel and the security and intelligence relationship we share . " That 's not to say Israeli officials have n't been asking around about the Iran nuclear talks , as participating parties race to get a framework agreement ahead of a March 31 deadline . Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz and Yossi Cohen , Netanyahu 's national security adviser , led an Israeli delegation that met early this week with a negotiating team from France , Israeli Intelligence Ministry spokesman Eyal Basson said . The same Israeli officials left France on Tuesday morning for the United Kingdom to meet with Britain 's delegation on the Iran nuclear talks , according to Basson . Both France and Britain are among the Western powers in the P5 +1 , a group that also includes the United States , Russia , China and Germany , whose representatives have been across the table from Iran . While in Paris , the Israeli delegation did not meet with French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius , said French Foreign Ministry spokesman Romain Nadal . The Israeli officials ' apparent aim in France was not to "  influence Paris ' position in the negotiations , but to further develop the debate on the Iran nuclear talks , " according to Nadal . Netanyahu himself has been clear on where he stands on this debate : He told the U.S. Congress earlier this month that a proposed agreement , as he depicted it , was "  a bad deal . " The Israeli leader predicted that not only would such a deal not stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons , it would "  all but guarantee that Iran gets  nuclear  weapons , lots of them . " "  This deal wo n't be a farewell to arms ; it would be a farewell to arms control , " Netanyahu said . "  And the Middle East would soon be crisscrossed by nuclear tripwires . " Iranian officials have said they want a nuclear program for peaceful energy purposes . And they also want an end to the crippling sanctions which the United States and others have instituted to pressure Tehran . U.S. officials have long insisted their goal is to make sure that Iran does n't develop nuclear weapons . But U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration also has been open to talks -- and felt undermined by some moves by Netanyahu , who appears poised to remain Israel 's prime minister after an election last week . In particular , Netanyahu 's speech to Congress stoked long simmering tensions with Obama , not least because it was organized by House Speaker John Boehner without the White House 's prior knowledge . Some questioned where Netanyahu got his information on a proposed nuclear deal , particularly at a point when negotiations were in flux with no agreement in place . According to the Wall Street Journal report , the sharing of sensitive information about the talks took place before Netanyahu 's address . It describes efforts by Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer to lobby U.S. lawmakers before an interim agreement with Iran in November 2013 and briefings by Dermer and other Israeli officials in the early months of this year . But a spokesman for the Israeli embassy in Washington , Aaron Sagui , told the Journal that "  Ambassador Dermer never shared confidential intelligence information with members of Congress . " CNN 's Oren Liebermann reported from Jerusalem , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Laura Akhoun contributed to this report .	Israeli intelligence minister met with French delegation , his spokesman says WSJ : Israel used information it obtained to try to undercut support for a deal "  These allegations are utterly false , " an Israeli official says of the spying claim
CNN  -- Lionel Messi was named World Player of the Year for the second straight year Monday , pipping Barcelona teammates Andres Iniesta and Xavi to the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or . Argentina star Messi is the first footballer to win the global award for two years in row since Brazil 's Ronaldinho claimed the honor in 2004 and 2005 . 23-year-old Messi starred as Barcelona retained Spain 's La Liga title and has continued his heroics as they lead the standings this season . He scored no less than 60 goals for his club and country in 2010 . Iniesta and Xavi share a midfield partnership for the Catalan giants and both played a key role as Spain won the World Cup , with Iniesta scoring the only goal of the final as they beat the Dutch 1-0 . Messi won with 22.65 percent of the votes cast , with Iniesta on 17.36 percent and Xavi third with 16.48 percent . He said he had been surprised to win the award again . "  To tell you the truth , I did not expect to win today , to win it makes a very special day , " Messi told the audience at the gala ceremony in Zurich , which was hosted by CNN 's Pedro Pinto . This year was the first for the FIFA Ballon d'Or . It is an amalgamation of FIFA 's World Player of the Year and France Football magazine 's Footballer of the Year award , which started back in 1956 . Earlier , Jose Mourinho was named Coach of the Year for leading Inter Milan to an historic treble of Champions League , Serie A and Italian Cup . Have your say on Blatter 's decisions Portugal 's Mourinho , who took charge of Real Madrid in the summer , beat off the challenge of Vincente Del Bosque , Spain 's World Cup coach , and Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola . Brazilian Marta took the FIFA Women 's World Player of the Year for the fifth successive year . Turkish international Hamit Altintop won the FIFA Puskas Award for the best goal of 2010 , his superb volleyed strike ending the hopes of part-time player Matty Burrows of Glentoran . Part-timer took on the elite of world football Burrows , whose spectacular backheeled volley became a big hit on YouTube , was mixing it with the elite of world football , among them Messi , from a selection of 10 spectacular goals . But football fans picked Altintop 's goal for his country in a European Championship qualifier against Kazakhstan .	Lionel Messi wins FIFA Ballon d'Or as the World Player of the Year Argentina maestro repeating his 2009 triumph in annual poll His Barcelona teammates Xavi and Andres Iniesta others on three-man shortlist Real Madrid and former Inter coach Jose Mourinho wins Coach of the Year award
CNN  -- Another landmark decision has been made on the day Scotland decides on independence from the United Kingdom and this vote is in favor of union . The Royal & Ancient Club of St Andrews abandoned its 260-year men-only membership policy Thursday and voted to allow women to join its ranks . More than three quarters of the club 's membership returned ballot papers , with 85 % voting in favor of the change . A two thirds majority was required under the R&A 's constitution . "  This is a very important and positive day in the history of the Royal and Ancient Golf Club , " said its secretary Peter Dawson . "  This vote has immediate effect and I can confirm that The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews is now a mixed membership club . "  The membership has also acted to fast-track a significant initial number of women to become members in the coming months , " added Dawson . Female golfers are already able to play on the famous links course on the east coast of Scotland but until now they were not allowed to enter the clubhouse as members or take any part in club decisions . In March this year , the Royal & Ancient Club decided to ask its 2,500 male members across the globe to change his historic policy . It also asked its members to agree to allow 15 new female members to join immediately . The decision to ratify both the proposals was announced at the club 's annual meeting Thursday September 18 , coincidentally the same day as the Scottish referendum . "  Society is changing , sport is changing , golf is changing , " R&A chief executive Peter Dawson commented before the decision was announced . Organizers of the global game have come under increasing pressure to abandon what is seen as an archaic single-gender policy . In 2012 , Augusta National allowed female members to join the prestigious U.S. club for the first time in 80 years . Augusta , which hosts the Masters , faced years of protests with President Obama also adding pressure on the organization . Former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and South Carolina financier Darla Moore became the first women to be admitted as members . The R&A , which serves as golf 's governing body outside of the U.S. and Mexico , was criticized ahead of the 2013 British Open for choosing East Lothian 's Muirfield , which has a male-only membership policy , to host Europe 's only major . Muirfield remains as one of three courses on rotation to host the Open , along with Royal Troon and Royal St George 's , which do not accept female members . The historic decision by the Royal & Ancient Club -- which will host the 2015 Open -- is another important step towards phasing out one of golf 's most controversial traditions . The St Andrews club was established in 1764 and is regarded as the historic home of golf . Welcoming female members ensures the Royal & Ancient remains relevant in an egalitarian , new future .	Royal & Ancient Golf Club votes in favor of admitting female members The Scottish club abandons its 260-year men-only membership policy Augusta National welcomed female members for the first time in 2012 Some famous courses including Muirfield , host of the 2013 British Open , remain single-gender clubs
China announced Sunday that it had landed a fighter jet on the deck of an aircraft carrier for the first time , but it may be years before the ship is fully operational . China 's "  first generation multi-purpose carrier-borne fighter jet , " known as the J-15 , successfully completed its first landing on the Liaoning , an aircraft carrier China built using an abandoned Soviet hull , according to China 's official news agency Xinhua . The J-15 's capabilities are comparable to the Russian Su-33 jet and the U.S. F-18 , Xinhua reported . The Chinese-designed jet can "  carry multi-type anti-ship , air-to-air and air-to-ground missiles , as well as precision-guided bombs , the report said . The U.S. military , in its latest annual assessment of China 's military capability , predicted "  it will still take several additional years for China to achieve a minimal level of combat capability for its aircraft carriers . " The Liaoning will be able to carry 30 J-15 fighter planes and will have a crew of 2,000 , according to a People 's Daily Online report published when it completed its first sea trials in August 2011 . China bought the shell of the carrier , then called the Varyag , from Ukraine in 1998 . Its construction was begun under the Soviet military before the breakup of the Soviet Union . The Pentagon report said another carrier , one made from components made in China , may already be under construction and ready to sail in 2015 . "  China likely will build multiple aircraft carriers and associated support ships over the next decade , " the U.S. assessment said . The United States , Britain and Japan launched the first aircraft carriers nearly a century ago . The U.S. Navy , with 11 , is the only fleet that currently operates more than one .	China 's J-15 jet completed its first landing on the aircraft carrier Liaoning , Xinhua says The Liaoning is built in the shell of an abandoned Soviet carrier The Liaoning aircraft carrier will be able to carry 30 J-15 fighter planes , Chinese media reports The U.S. predicts it will be years before China 's carrier has a minimal level of combat capability
Mashable.com  -- Facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature , Facebook Questions , which will allow users to get answers to their queries from the entire Facebook community . Similar in concept to Yahoo! Answers , Quora and Mahalo , Facebook Questions gives users the opportunity to ask questions just by clicking the "  Ask Question " button on the homepage . Questions is also available on friends ' profiles just as you would post on someone 's wall . We first learned of Facebook 's Q&A feature two months ago , when the company started asking for volunteers to beta test the product . The world 's largest social network even went so far as to promise beta testers a trip to Facebook 's offices to meet with the Q&A team . I had the chance earlier today to discuss the new feature with several Facebook employees . Questions has several defining features : • Photo questions : For example , if you take a picture of a bird , but do n't know what species it is , you can post the picture on Facebook Questions and get your answer . • Polling : If you 're simply looking for the answer to "  Which city is better : Chicago or Dallas ? " , you can get your answer by creating a poll . • Tagging : The company seems to be placing a lot of emphasis on tagging questions based on category or topic . The goal seems to be to make Q&A discovery an easier and faster process by making it simple to look up questions on cooking , photography , San Francisco or a variety of other topics . • Topic exploration : Facebook described this as a roulette-type feature that allows users to browse Facebook 's eventual mountain of Q&A . Under the "  Questions about " drop-down menu , there 's a feature called "  Everything " that allows users to browse the company 's catalog of questions . • Following : You can follow specific questions for updates and new answers . • Updated homepage : Facebook Questions does actually change the homepage , adding a new bar at the top of the page where you can choose to update your status , ask a question , add photos , or post a link . There was one more thing that Facebook made clear to me : Facebook Questions is not an advertising product . While brands with Facebook Pages will eventually be able to answer questions , it 's not meant to be a promotional platform ; it 's meant to be a useful and insightful product for users . Facebook Questions will roll out to a limited group of beta testers today , but the company promises to "  bring this product to all of you as quickly as we can . " The entire feature is public , so we do n't suggest posting those awkward bedroom questions on Facebook . Will Facebook Questions prove to be more useful than Quora or even Twitter as a Q&A platform ? We think so , if only because it has the biggest advantage of them all : 500 million users . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook has begun the rollout of a new feature , Facebook Questions Questions will allow users to get answers to their queries from the Facebook community Feature will roll out to a limited group of beta testers Thursday
Moscow  CNN  -- Voters in rebel-held eastern Ukraine turned out at the polls Sunday to elect members of Parliament and prime ministers in the pro-Russian separatist provinces of Donetsk and Luhansk in a vote criticized by the Ukrainian government in Kiev and Western governments . Against a backdrop of violence and bloodshed , the vote played out despite a truce on paper between pro-Russian separatist groups and Ukrainian government forces . Moscow has said it will recognize the results , while the central Ukraine government in Kiev , the United States and European Union have condemned the elections , calling them "  illegitimate " and a violation of the Minsk agreement . The self-proclaimed People 's Republic of Donetsk announced that its current Prime Minister , Aleksandr Zakharchenko , had won the vote there . After all the ballot papers were counted , Zakharchenko secured 765,350 votes , Roman Lyagin , the leader of the Central Election Commission in Donetsk , told a news conference Monday . He did n't say what percentage of the vote that was . "  Everything went better than expected , " Lyagin had earlier told Novorossiya , the press center for the separatist Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk . In the self-declared Luhansk People 's Republic , the head of the Central Election Commission said more then a half million people turned out to cast ballots at over 100 polling stations , including three inside Russia , according to preliminary numbers from the CEC 's website . The vote count is now under way . Earlier Sunday , Luhansk CEC head Sergei Kozyakov told Itar-Tass so many people turned out to vote they extended polling station hours at several locations until 10 p.m. . The Russian news agency also reported on a statement from the Russian Foreign Ministry , which said it considers the vote valid . "  The elections in the Donetsk and Lugansk regions were held in an organized way in general and with high voter turnout , " the ministry said , according to Itar-Tass . "  We respect the will expression of the citizens of the southeast . " Authorities in Kiev are basically ignoring the election . In a statement Sunday , the Security Service of Ukraine said "  it is a false election ... and a farce organized by criminals to collect data about people . " Before the vote , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called the ballot "  pseudo elections ... by terrorists and bandits . " Ukrainian authorities also said Sunday they are launching a criminal investigation into the separatist elections , calling it "  a power grab , " Agence France-Presse reported , citing the Security Service of Ukraine . Vegetables in exchange for votes Some residents of the devastated region have said they were determined to participate in the vote , whether it 's recognized by Kiev or not . And many were rewarded with offers of free or cheap fruits and vegetables . Pictures at polling stations show large piles of vegetables outside stations in some areas in a bid to lure voters to polls . Produce aside , people said they hoped the election would help end the violence . "  Day and night we hear shots . Yes , they bomb us . Yes , we have bomb shelters and basements . But we do n't want to go back there . That 's why we are preparing for the elections and hope for something better , " said Tatyana , a schoolteacher . "  Mostly people are afraid . The constant shooting scares people . But of course we should go and vote to reach something good in life , " said Valentina . But there is no way to even verify the credibility of the balloting in the rebel-held areas . The voting has actually been under way for a week , by email and at mobile voting stations . And no official observers have been used to monitor the voting . Last weekend , the bulk of Ukraine under government control held its own parliamentary elections , which kept pro-Western parties in power . But citizens in Russian-annexed Crimea and the eastern areas controlled by separatists did n't participate in those elections because of the ongoing violence . U.S. and Russia at loggerheads As Ukraine wrestles with internal turmoil , torn between Russiaan influence and Western support , the United States slammed the separatist vote . "  US will not recognize any election in separatist areas that does n't follow Ukrainian law  and  is not held with consent of Ukrainian government , " Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , tweeted on Sunday . "  We deplore the intent of separatists in parts of eastern Ukraine to hold illegitimate so-called local ` elections ' on Sunday , November 2 , " National Security Council spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said in a statement Friday . She warned Russia "  against using any such illegitimate vote as a pretext to insert additional troops and military equipment into Ukraine . " Russia is rejecting calls to distance itself from the rebel vote . "  We will of course recognize their results . And we expect that this election will be free and that no one will try to disrupt it from the outside , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said last week . Victoria Butenko in Kiev and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report	NEW : Rebel Prime Minister wins in self-proclaimed People 's Republic of Donetsk Russian Foreign Ministry considers the vote valid Exit polls show more than 500,000 people voted in Luhansk The Ukrainian government and Western countries have criticized the elections
CNN  -- Think of it as a giant barometer for climate science . With a new groundbreaking study on climate change seemingly coming out every other week , it can be hard to keep up with the latest findings . Fortunately , every five to six years , the United Nations sums it up in a comprehensive report . That 's what 's going on this week in the Swedish capital Stockholm , where the latest Assessment Report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is set for release on Friday . The document will bring together the latest research from top scientists around the field . The IPCC is recognized as the leading authority on the subject of global climate change . The first section of its new report -- the fifth since the organization was formed in 1988 by the United Nations and the World Meteorological Organization -- contains a "  Summary for Policymakers , " aimed at guiding politicians and lawmakers worldwide on decisions regarding the environment over the next several years . The amount of research that goes into each section of the report is staggering . Friday 's report is the culmination of work by over 250 authors from 39 countries and was subject to an extensive review process involving more than 1,000 experts . In addition to the rigorous scientific review , representatives of 195 governments are meeting in Stockholm to approve , line-by-line , each section of the Summary for Policymakers before its release . More than 850 expert authors from 85 countries contributed research for the full report , which will be released in three stages through April . The first , on the physical science behind climate change , will accompany the Summary for Policymakers on Friday . The second , expected in March , will cover "  impacts and vulnerabilities " of climate change ; the third , on mitigation efforts , is set to go out in April . Bloomberg : Why Sandy forced cities to take lead on climate change What is expected in the report Friday 's report is expected to contain language that further identifies the role human activity is playing in increasing global temperatures through burning of fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions . The last report , in 2007 , indicated that it was "  very likely " that humans were responsible for most of the observed warming -- a judgment that corresponds to a confidence level greater than 90 % . A draft that leaked in August raised that confidence level to "  extremely likely , " or greater than 95 % confidence that humans are responsible for the majority of global warming through carbon pollution . The impacts of this warming are already being seen through increases in extreme weather events like heat waves , droughts , and extreme flooding events , which the assessment will highlight . The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century , based upon four different carbon emission scenarios . Those range from a low end which would require significant cutbacks in emissions , to a worst-case scenario in which carbon emissions would continue to climb unabated . The projections will provide more details about sea-level rise , for which observations show rates increasing , and should give a more precise estimate of the levels we will see at the end of the century . Loss of sea ice will also be addressed , and the report will discuss the accelerating loss of sea ice in the Arctic and the slight increase of ice seen in the Antarctic . Climate change may increase violence , study shows Critics of the report Despite the overall breadth of the scientific expertise involved , and the extensive review and approval process , the IPCC Assessment Reports spark quite a few criticisms , from both climate change believers and skeptics . Skeptics claim the IPCC exists only to produce further evidence supporting the idea of man-made climate change while ignoring opposing research . But climate change activists , and many climate scientists , believe that the IPCC 's consensus-seeking policy produces conclusions and estimates that are too conservative . Another often-cited critique of the report is that , due to its size and lengthy approval process , it is already outdated by the time it is released . Several important studies already have been published in the past year in the constantly evolving science of climate change that will not be included in this assessment . Despite the critics , this week 's document will serve as a major measuring stick for the current state of the world 's climate and what type of change is in store . The Summary for Policymakers will be available Friday at http://www.climatechange2013.org . Climate sticker shock : Arctic thaw could cost $ 60 trillion	The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released a report every five or six years The first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymakers A draft that leaked in August said there is more certainty that humans are playing a role The report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century
CNN  -- It may have a fairy tale ending -- a story of perseverance and second chances that 's playing out live on the public stage of online networking . Brianna Karp 's trailer now sits outside a friend 's home near Los Angeles But 24-year-old Brianna Karp 's story started as a nightmare . In a rocky economy , Karp was laid off from her Irvine , California , job as an executive assistant in July 2008 . She got by for a while on temp jobs and unemployment benefits . But when her savings dried up , she was no longer able to afford her rent . The only answer she saw then was a trailer she 'd inherited from her father -- a man she barely knew who had recently committed suicide . "  I was left with a truck and this camper , which I was going to sell but coincidentally this happened to me , " she said . "  I thought , ` Well , I have this . ' " Karp , who writes that she is also estranged from her mother , ended up camped in a Los Angeles-area Walmart parking lot . "  The first night , I think , in the Walmart parking lot was the scariest , " she told CNN . "  I was panicking , and I was just afraid . " For comfort , she had her mastiff named Fezzik . And she had her laptop computer . As she spent five months looking for jobs and blasting out resumes , often spending hour after hour at a coffee shop to take advantage of its free Wi-Fi connection , she also started blogging . The result , the Girl 's Guide to Homelessness , chronicled the ups and downs of her new life . She reminisced about adopting her dog , named for a character from the movie "  The Princess Bride , " and mulled the pros and cons of having a pet while homeless . She recounted details from failed job interviews and offered tips for other homeless women . "  I was trying to stay positive and cheerful , " Karp said . "  I started writing the blog in a tongue-in-cheek way to kind of laugh about my circumstances , keep them chronicled . I did n't think anyone would actually read it . " Watch CNN 's Ted Rowland 's report on Brianna . " But people did , including Matt Barnes , formerly homeless himself and running a Web site about his own homelessness issues in Scotland . He asked her to write for his site and would eventually become Brianna 's boyfriend . Another big break came through a shot at the weird world of reality television . Karp applied for a show that would offer contestants the chance at a job with Elle magazine advice columnist E. Jean Carroll . She was granted an audition for the show and , by her own account , totally botched it . "  I went back and blogged about bombing the interview and made fun of myself , " she said . On a lark , she then wrote to Carroll via her column . "  Dear E. Jean : I 'm currently homeless and living in a Wal-Mart parking lot , " her e-mail began . "  I 'm educated , I have never done drugs and I 'm not mentally ill . I have a strong employment history and am a career executive assistant . The instability sucks , but I 'm rocking it as best as I can . " She told Carroll about her poor interview for the show and finished the note with the question , "  How does one get another shot when one screws up a job interview ? -- Homeless , but Not Hopeless . " Carroll said she was floored by the note . " -LSB- The phrase -RSB- ` I 'm living in a Walmart parking lot ' hooked me , " she said . "  I thought , she 's so ready to work , obviously she can write , she 's got some skills . " Her response appeared in the August issue of Elle -- she offered Karp an internship and a chance to write a fashion blog for the magazine . "  I think she 's a new voice , " Carroll said . "  She 's a voice we have n't heard , and I 'm excited for her future . " Not that all of her troubles were instantly over . Last month , she wrote , Walmart finally had her trailer towed , and she has now parked her mobile home at a friend 's house outside Los Angeles . She 's also still seeking that elusive full-time job , while hoping her newfound high profile will help spread the word about homelessness , and how it can happen to the most unlikely people . "  If you saw me walking down the street , you would n't assume I live in a parking lot , " she writes on the blog . "  In short , I am just like you , except without the convenience of a permanent address . " CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	24-year-old went from being executive assistant to homelessness after layoff Karp lived in Walmart parking lot , and her blog started grabbing attention Elle columnist : "  I 'm excited for her future " Karp hopes blog will educate people about homelessness
London  CNN  -- It is rare for me to attend a retrospective of someone 's passion , their life 's work , while chatting to that person amid that work . But that 's what happened when I met the friendly and very talkative Jean Paul Gaultier . He gave me 15 minutes of his time , surrounded by some 165 garments stretching throughout his 38 years as a fashion designer . I told his PR person I needed five minutes , she told me Gaultier would chat too much to fit that window . She was correct . "  The Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier ; From the Sidewalk to the Catwalk " is open now and runs through the summer at London 's Barbican center . I started my interview by delicately pointing out retrospectives tend to come when someone is ready to retire , to slow down . I was surprised he agreed . "  Of course I want you to say that . I feel the same , " the 61-year-old Gaultier exclaimed with a big grin on his face . He stressed he still has to produce clothes for eight shows a year , but that it is time to slow down . From now on , Gaultier told me , he might only do one show a year . "  It 's a lot , a lot , a lot . So , it 's true , I have arrived at a point where I can see the work I have done , you know . And I am still doing , but maybe I will restrain -LSB- it -RSB- a little . " Gaultier also surprised me by insisting he is not an artist , though he said he can be inspired by art . I would say his tartan punk , his Madonna Blond Ambition Tour costumes , and his chic rabbi garment from the 1993 collection that caused outrage could very much be seen as art . Exhibition curator Thierry-Maxime Loriot agreed . "  When you see the work , some of his dresses , I think it is art , " Loriot said . Pointing to a leopard skin dress from the Russian collection of 1997 as an example , Loriot added : "  I think you can have the same emotion when you see haute couture as a sculpture or a painting . " Gaultier told me he did not sell any garments from his first two shows . Then , a piece sold from his third collection in 1976 . At that time , his focus was Brit Punk and some bands would buy his clothes without his knowledge , Gaultier said . He 'd realize only when seeing the video . Of course , that was not the case with the likes of Madonna and Kylie Minogue , who have proudly warn his creations on stage . And paid for them , if Gaultier is to be believed . He insists he never gives his clothes away to gain publicity . "  Honestly , I think I am of the generation that , you know , the people that have the money to pay should pay . " Gaultier says he 's no businessman , but that sounds like good business practice . "  It was very good to have clothes that sell . For me the purpose was to sell , even if it looked sometime provocative , I did n't do it to show my own fantasy , some fantasy , or to show art . "	CNN 's Jim Boulden sat down with designer Jean Paul Gaultier to talk to him about his career Gaultier said he did not sell any garments from his first two fashion shows "  The Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier ; From the Sidewalk to the Catwalk " opens in London
CNN  -- Lionel Messi 's became Barcelona 's highest goalscorer of all time after his hat-trick against Granada helped the Spanish champions close on La Liga leaders Real Madrid . The Argentina striker , who is still only 24 years old , took his tally to 234 goals for the club to overtake Cesar Rodriguez , who had a prolific spell for Barca in the 1940s and '50s . Messi took his tally for the season to 54 in 45 games as Barca 's 5-3 victory on Tuesday helped cut the gap to rivals Real to just five points . Barca have played a game more than Real , but now the second league "  El Clasico " of the season between the two clubs scheduled for April 22 looks increasingly pivotal in the title race . "  We are witnessing the best player in every sense , " said Messi 's coach Josep Guardiola . "  He does everything , and he does it every three days . "  I 'm sorry for those that want to sit on his throne , but this lad is the best . Hopefully we can enjoy his football for many more years . " Guardiola compared Messi 's dominance in football to the basketball supremacy of NBA legend Michael Jordan . "  Leo has rightfully entered into history , " he said . "  There are few players that dominate in this fashion , and he does it . " A recent study by Barcelona 's Center of Documentation and Studies discovered that Cesar had scored 232 goals in competitive matches , not 235 as previously thought . And Messi wasted little time in equaling Cesar 's tally , with a crisp volley after Isaac Cuenca 's cross had fallen to him on the right edge of the box after 17 minutes . His opening goal made it 2-0 on the night after Messi had teed up Spain midfielder Xavi for the first after only six minutes . But Granada -- placed 15th in the 20-team division -- stunned Barca in the second half as Diego Mainz headed a free-kick past Victor Valdes before Dani BenÃtez drew a foul from Dani Alves in the box and Guillherme Siqueira fired home from the penalty spot . The visitors were n't level for long as Alves floated a ball over their defense for Messi , who controlled and lobbed Granada goalkeeper Julio Cesar to spark a prolonged round of celebrations with his teammates . Tello added a fifth for Barca when he slotted home in the final 10 minutes after Messi had been denied by Cesar . The gloss was removed ever so slightly from Messi 's record-breaking night when Alves was sent off after conceding another penalty , converted by Siqueira , and defender Adriano was sidelined for 10 days with a leg injury . In La Liga 's other game on Tuesday , Osasuna moved into sixth place in the table despite drawing 0-0 with Getafe , who remain 11th . Elsewhere , Juventus booked a place in the Italian Cup final after Mirko Vucinic 's extra-time strike sealed a 4-3 aggregate win over AC Milan . Leading 2-1 from the first leg , Juve edged further ahead when veteran striker Alessandro Del Piero scored on 28 minutes but Serie A leaders Milan hit back with goals from Djamel Mesbah and Maxi Lopez to force an extra half an hour . But Vucinic 's goal five minutes into the extra period settled the tie . Juve will face either Napoli or Siena in the final -- they play on Wednesday with Napoli trailing 2-1 from the first leg . Meanwhile , Blackburn Rovers boosted their hopes of English Premier League survival with a 2-0 win over Sunderland at Ewood Park . Striker Junior Hoilett opened the scoring with a 58th-minute volley to record his third goal in two games before a late Yakubu header sealed back-to-back wins for Rovers , who moved six points clear of the drop zone .	Lionel Messi becomes highest scorer in Barcelona 's history after hat-trick against Granada Argentina striker 's treble helps Barca to a 5-3 win to close on La Liga leaders Real Madrid Messi 's haul takes his tally to 234 for the club , past Cesar Rodriguez 's long-held record The 24-year-old has 54 goals for the Spanish and European champions this season
Istanbul  CNN  -- Iraq 's foreign ministry summoned the Turkish ambassador in Baghdad on Thursday to deliver a diplomatic letter protesting Turkey 's aerial and artillery bombardment of northern Iraq . Turkish armed forces have been striking what the country calls PKK safe havens in Iraq 's Kurdish autonomous region . About 90 to 100 Kurdish rebel fighters have been killed since the incursion started , Turkey said Tuesday . Around 80 people have been wounded in the push , the military said . Targets included rebel barracks , caves , ammunition depots and anti-aircraft positions in the region , part of Iraq 's Kurdish autonomous region . On Sunday night , a PKK spokesman said no rebels had been killed . PKK refers to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , which the United States considers a terror group . Dozens of Turkish soldiers have been killed over the last month , in a clear escalation of the conflict that has raged intermittently between Kurdish separatists and the Turkish state since 1984 . More than 30,000 people have been killed in the conflict , many of them ethnic Kurds . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority .	Around 80 people have been wounded , Turkish military says Targets included rebel barracks , caves , ammunition depots and anti-aircraft position A PKK spokesman said no rebels had been killed
The American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan has filed what it is calling a "  first-of-its-kind " lawsuit against the state , its Department of Education and one Detroit-area school district for allegedly failing to teach students to read at grade level , as mandated by state law and its constitution . "  What 's unique about this is that we 're focusing in on literacy and the right to read " Michigan ACLU Executive Director Kary L. Moss said of the complaint filed last week in state court . "  Literacy is the gateway to all other knowledge . " The suit names the Highland Park school district as a defendant , and it seeks to have the state and school district enforce a state law requiring that "  a pupil who does not score satisfactorily on the 4th or 7th grade reading test shall be provided special assistance reasonably expected to enable the pupil to bring his or her reading skills to grade level within 12 months . " Filed as a class action on behalf of eight students who , the ACLU said , represent nearly 1,000 students in the district , the lawsuit cites individual cases of students struggling with basic literacy . One of the student plaintiffs reportedly failed the state 's standardized tests in his fourth , fifth and sixth grade years without receiving "  any specialized reading intervention in 4th or 5th grade , " the lawsuit says . Another student plaintiff has , according to the suit , attended Highland Park schools since first grade and after completing eighth grade earlier this year "  his reading proficiency level is appropriate for the 2nd or 3rd grade . " Highland Park is one of the worst performing school districts in Michigan , according to the state Department of Education , and its high school currently ranks in the bottom 1 % statewide . "  No case ever filed anywhere in the U.S. has addressed a school system in such dire straits . " said attorney Mark Rosenbaum , a member of the Michigan ACLU legal team . "  The Highland Park School District is among the lowest achieving school districts in the nation , let alone Michigan , " Rosenbaum added in an ACLU news release . On January 27 , less than a month into his first term , Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder appointed the first of two emergency managers to take action in the Highland Park school district . Though unable to comment directly on the suit , Sara Wurfel , spokeswoman for Snyder , said , "  Everything we have done and are doing is to ensure that the kids of Highland Park schools get the education they need and deserve . " A statement released Monday by the Michigan Department of Education said : "  The Michigan Department of Education has been counseled by our state Attorney 's General office to not comment on pending litigation . " No one in the office of state Attorney General Bill Schuette could be reached for comment . For Moss and the ACLU , the situation and the lawsuit have national significance . "  If kids are n't reading , nothing else is going to come , " Moss said . "  If we 're not preparing our children , there is no way our economy can recover . "	Suit : An 8th-grade plaintiff has reading proficiency "  appropriate for the 2nd or 3rd grade " The ACLU suit says students are not being educated as state law requires A spokeswoman for the governor says the state is working to improve the situation
CNN  -- The search for a 2-year old boy who went missing in suburban Seattle more than a week ago continued Monday with no new suspects or information in the case , Bellevue , Washington , police said . Maj. Mike Johnson said his department had received 900 tips in the boy 's disappearance , but none "  have led to any high-priority actionable evidence . " Though none of those leads has led to a breakthrough in the investigation , Johnson urged the public to continue providing information in the case . He said the case could eventually become a "  criminal investigation , " but "  we 're not there . " "  All theories are viable , " Johnson said . "  We have not ruled anything out as a possibility in this case . ... The thing that we 're lacking is evidence . " Over the weekend , Johnson said police had expanded the search radius at the apartment in Redmond where toddler Sky Metalwala lived with his mother , Julia Biryukova , and the wooded area where she told police she last saw her son nine days ago . The brown-eyed boy with short , dark hair was last seen wearing a dark-green hooded sweatshirt and blue-and-gray-striped pants . On Friday , Johnson said the police were "  frustrated by the lack of information we 're getting " from the boy 's mother . According to Johnson , Biryukova initially reported that she 'd run out of gas early November 6 in Bellevue , just east of Seattle , leaving the toddler in the car while she took her 4-year-old with her to get help . Police later determined that the car had gas and was working . "  I 'll let the evidence speak for itself , which is : There was gas in the car ; the car was able to drive and operate , " Johnson said . "  That 's not what Julia told us . " But on Monday , Johnson told reporters that he was "  not comfortable calling her a person of interest or a suspect . " He said the boy 's mother "  continues to cooperate , " though she has not responded to requests issued through her attorney "  to come and talk to us at length . " "  It 's something we 're going to keep trying to do , " the police major said of the outreach efforts to Biryukova . Other than the boy 's mother and his 4-year-old sister , no one has reported seeing the toddler in the past two weeks , police spokeswoman Carla Lafrate said last week . Attorneys for Biryukova have declined to comment to CNN about the case , citing the ongoing investigation . Repeated attempts to reach Biryukova by CNN affiliates in the Bellevue and Redmond area have been unsuccessful . The father , Solomon Metalwala , who is separated from Biryukova , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Monday that he 'd taken two polygraph tests in recent weeks , declining to offer details on whether he 'd passed them or what questions he answered . "  He 's always ready to assist law enforcement in any way , " added his attorney , Leslie Clay Terry III . Solomon Metalwala said he had n't seen the children since December , having lost custody of them . He added that he was getting ready for church the Sunday morning of November 6 when Biryukova reportedly woke the children up earlier to take his young son , Sky , for treatment at an area hospital . "  We 've tried since January to get the children out of  Biryukova 's  custody , " Terry told HLN . Court records indicate Sky 's parents have had a tumultuous relationship . Biryukova has said she feared for her safety and that of her children around the elder Metalwala , according to records . "  I am told by my husband Solomon  and  his family that if I take any action towards custody of our children he will take them out of the country  and  I will never see them again , " she wrote in court papers . Metalwala responded in court filings that his wife suffered from mental health problems and was unable to care for the children on her own . Both parents were charged in 2009 with reckless endangerment for leaving then-3-month-old Sky alone in their parked car . Court records show they completed court-ordered parenting courses following the incident .	NEW : The missing boy 's father takes polygraphs and is "  ready to assist " authorities NEW : His lawyer says the father had not seen his two children since December Bellevue , Washington , police receive 900 tips , but nothing "  actionable " Sky Metalwala disappeared 9 days ago in suburban Seattle
CNN  -- Real Madrid and Barcelona remain on course to face each other in the final of the Spanish Cup after both claimed semifinal first leg victories on Wednesday . Karim Benzema scored the only goal of a tempestuous match to give Real Madrid a narrow 1-0 victory at holders Sevilla in the first leg of their semifinal . Meanwhile , a devastating first-half display set Barcelona on their way to a 5-0 home win over Almeria , leaving the second leg looking like a formality . Benzema , whose place in the Madrid side is under threat following the loan signing of Manchester City striker Emmanuel Adebayor , settled the contest at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium in the 15th minute , dribbling past one defender before cutting inside and curling home a left-foot shot . However , the home side were adamant they had levelled on the stroke of half-time when Luis Fabiano rounded goalkeeper Iker Casillas , only for Raul Albiol to clear the ball off the line . Sevilla players crowded the referee and his assistant claiming the ball had cross the line , but the officials waved away their protests and TV replays proved inconclusive . Both sides had chances to score after the break , notably Real when Mesut Ozil and Cristiano Ronaldo combined to somehow miss from close range . The match finished amid ugly scenes with Casillas holding his head after being struck from a missile thrown from the crowd . The result proved a timely present for Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho on his 48th birthday and also edged the club closer to the final of a competition they last won in 1993 . Should Real avoid defeat in the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu , they will almost certainly face old rivals Barcelona for the first time in a final since 1990 . Two goalkeeping errors handed Lionel Messi and David Villa early goals in the first half to give Barca a perfect start and some more Messi magic made it 3-0 by just the 16th minute . Pedro headed home a Xavi free-kick in the 31st-minute for their fourth goal and a flowing move resulted in Seydou Keita adding a fifth with just two minutes remaining . Elsewhere , Serie A leaders AC Milan are through to the semifinals of the Italian Cup after a 2-1 victory at Sampdoria . Two goals from Brazilian Alexandre Pato earned victory for the visitors , and ensured Milan striker Antonio Cassano made a winning return to Genoa , less than a month after being effectively sacked by Sampdoria after falling out with the club 's president . Pato struck twice in the space of five first-half minutes , both times being set-up by new Dutch signing Urby Emanuelson . The home side pulled a goal back early in the second half when Massimo Maccarone netted on his debut following his move from Palermo , but Milan held on to reach the last four of the competition . Milan were joined in the last four by holders and city rivals Inter Milan , who beat Napoli 5-4 on penalties , after 90 minutes and extra time went by without either side scoring a goal . Palermo secured their place in the last four on Tuesday , also going through on penalties against Parma , while Juventus and Roma will face each other on Thursday for the final remaining place . The semifinal line-up for the German Cup has also now been decided following Wednesday 's remaining last eight matches . Thomas Mueller scored twice as holders Bayern Munich cruised to a 4-0 victory at second division side Alemannia Aachen . However , there were shocks in the two other matches on Wednesday with second division Energie Cottbus and Duisburg putting out Bundesliga sides Hoffenheim and Kaiserslautern . Schalke sealed their place in the semifinals with a 3-2 extra time victory over Nuremberg on Tuesday .	Real Madrid win 1-0 at holders Sevilla in their Spanish Cup semifinal first leg Karim Benzema scores the only goal to give Madrid a crucial advantage Barcelona thrash Almeria 5-0 in the other semifinal , scoring four goals in first half City rivals AC Milan and holders Inter Milan both through to the Italian Cup semifinals
CNN  -- The man who killed a University of Connecticut football player in 2009 was sentenced Friday to 18 years in prison for manslaughter in the first degree , said Rockland County Deputy Clerk Tammy Fluet . John Lomax III , 22 , stabbed Jasper Howard in the abdomen during a fight outside a campus dance on October 18 , 2009 . The UConn cornerback died later at a hospital in Hartford , Connecticut . More than 300 people at the dance left the building and spilled out into the street . A fight broke out between two groups , and Howard and another person were stabbed , police said after the incident . The second victim , who was treated and released , was Brian Parker , then 19 , another player on the UConn football squad , according to CNN affiliate WTNH . Maj. Ron Blicher of the UConn Police Department said in 2009 that more than 40 investigators from his department and the Connecticut State Police conducted more than 200 interviews during the course of the investigation . The university set up the Jasper T. Howard Endowed Scholarship to honor the slain student athlete .	John Lomax III , 22 , was sentenced to 18 years for manslaughter in the first degree He stabbed University of Connecticut football player Jasper Howard in 2009 Howard was hit in the abdomen during a fight outside a campus dance
CNN  -- Hyundai is recalling more than 220,000 Santa Fe SUVs and Sonata sedans because of potential problems with their air bags . The recall affects almost 200,000 SUVs from the 2007-2009 model years , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . These vehicles ' front passenger airbags may not deploy in the event of a crash because of a possible problem with their occupant classification system , which gauges the size of a passenger and based on that whether an air bag should be deployed . The system may need to be recalibrated to detect to "  small statured adults , " the federal safety agency said . The company is also recalling more than 22,000 sedans from the 2012-2013 model years , according to the administration . These cars ' curtain side airbags may inflate for no apparent reason because of a manufacturing error . Hyundai dealers are expected to notify owners and replace the curtain side airbags free of charge , the NHTSA said . Dealers will also update the classification software for free in the affected SUVs .	The recall affects almost 200,000 Santa Fe SUVs and more than 22,000 sedans The front passenger airbag may not deploy properly in the SUVs The curtain side airbags in the sedans may deploy for no apparent reason
Washington  CNN  -- Former FBI and CIA Director William Webster will lead an outside investigation of the FBI 's "  policies , practices and actions " before the November massacre at Fort Hood , the bureau announced Tuesday . Webster , a former federal judge , conducted a previous review of the FBI following the exposure of double agent Robert Hanssen in 2001 . He has been asked to look into "  whether there are improvements to our current practices or other authorities that could make us all safer in the future , " current FBI Director Robert Mueller said in a statement Tuesday . "  We must be sure that the systems we have in place give investigators the tools they need to carry out their responsibilities , " Mueller said . "  At the same time , we must ensure constitutional protections and the confidence of the American public we serve . " The FBI has said that Maj. Nidal Hasan , the Army psychiatrist charged with killing 13 people and wounding dozens at the Fort Hood Army post , came to its attention as part of an unrelated terrorism probe in December 2008 . Agents found Hasan and the subject of that investigation -- identified as a radical cleric from Yemen who had once preached at a Virginia mosque Hasan attended -- had been in communication , but their exchanges "  raised no red flags " that would have turned agents ' scrutiny on Hasan , senior investigative officials said in November . Webster , 85 , led the FBI from 1978 until 1987 , when then-President Ronald Reagan named him CIA director . Webster took over the spy agency in the aftermath of the Iran-Contra scandal and led it until 1991 . The FBI already has conducted a preliminary review of the Fort Hood matter . Meanwhile , the Pentagon is conducting its own investigation into whether any signs that could have warned of the rampage were missed . Webster 's investigation will be coordinated with the Defense Department to avoid interference with the Army-led inquiry , and he "  will have complete access and whatever resources necessary to complete the task , " Mueller said .	FBI "  policies , practices and actions " before Fort Hood massacre are under review William Webster , 85 , a former FBI and CIA director , will lead the investigation Webster led a probe of FBI practices after a notorious spy case in 2001 Inquiry will focus on lack of "  red flags " after suspect 's actions drew FBI attention
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee on Wednesday stripped China of a bronze medal in the women 's team event at the 2000 Olympic Games after finding one of the team 's athletes was underage . The United States will be awarded the bronze medal instead , the IOC said in a news release . The International Gymnastics Federation  FIG  in February decided to cancel all results obtained by gymnast Dong Fangxiao at the Sydney , Australia , Games . "  The FIG conducted an inquiry which showed that the athlete was only 14 years old during the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games , " the IOC said . Under FIG qualification rules , athletes must be 16 in the year of the Games in order to compete . The IOC 's executive board on Wednesday decided to reallocate the results of the events that Dong participated in . She had placed sixth in the women 's individual floor exercises and seventh in the women 's individual vault . Dong has been disqualified from all the events she participated in , which also included the women 's individual uneven bars , the women 's individual all-around and the women 's individual balance beam .	China stripped of bronze medal from women 's team event at 2000 Olympics . Gymnast Dong Fangxiao found to be underage during the Games in Sydney . Dong 's results canceled as United States awarded bronze medal in China 's place .
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- At least 17 people were killed and six injured in an attack on a refugee convoy in the eastern Luhansk region , Ukrainian authorities said Tuesday . Fighting continues around the town of Lutuhyne , near where the convoy was attacked , the website of Ukraine 's counterterrorism operation said . The injured are hospitalized there , but the perimeter of the area is under fire , so no investigators or journalists can reach the scene . A spokesman for Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council earlier said that the bodies of 15 civilians had been recovered as of Monday night . Col. Andriy Lysenko told a press briefing in Kiev that Ukrainian forces were being prevented from recovering other casualties by "  fighting in the area which is still controlled by the separatists . " The Ukrainian military said Monday that women and children were among those killed in the attack on the caravan of refugees . The civilians were trying to escape fighting between pro-Russian rebels and the Ukrainian military but were not in an established humanitarian safety corridor when they came under fire , a military representative said . Lysenko said Tuesday that the convoy was traveling from Luhansk to Lutuhyne when it was attacked . Militants are now blocking access to the area around the destroyed convoy and are shooting at all vehicles in the area , he said . Meanwhile , fierce fighting continues for control of the city of Luhansk , a stronghold for pro-Russian rebels . The Ukrainian military has retaken one district , Lysenko said , and there is street fighting in the city center . Aid convoy halted Humanitarian agencies say thousands of people in the Luhansk and neighboring Donetsk regions do n't have access to water , electricity and proper medical aid . Ukrainian officials acknowledged Sunday that a convoy of more than 260 Russian vehicles on the border is , in fact , carrying humanitarian aid . But Lysenko said the aid had not started to move as of Tuesday morning , since the rebel Donetsk People 's Republic has not given the necessary safety guarantees to the International Committee of the Red Cross . A small group from the ICRC has been sent to Luhansk to evaluate the situation there and assess how to proceed with the cargo delivery , he said . As of Tuesday , 77 cities and villages in Donetsk region are without electricity . The convoy initially sparked fears that Russia was trying to use a humanitarian convoy as a cover for sending in more aid and weapons for pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine , which Russia and the rebels denied . The ongoing fighting -- sparked by a political crisis over whether Ukraine would seek closer ties with Europe or Russia -- has left more than 2,000 people dead and just under 5,000 wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April , according to estimates from U.N. officials . Diplomatic moves Efforts to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis in eastern Ukraine continue . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko spoke by phone Monday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , his office said . That conversation followed a meeting in Berlin on Sunday of the foreign ministers of Germany , Ukraine , France and Russia . "  We discussed the question of how we can find ways to reach an urgently needed ceasefire in eastern Ukraine , " German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said . "  We discussed the question of how we can improve and optimize controls at the Russian-Ukrainian border . " Russia 's Foreign Ministry said "  some progress " had been made on issues including ending the hostilities , border control , the delivery of humanitarian aid and creating the conditions for a political settlement . Poroshenko also spoke Monday and Tuesday with European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso , when the Ukrainian leader slammed the attack on the refugee convoy and pointed to "  continuing provocations of the Russian Federation aimed at escalation of the security situation in the region . " Poroshenko and Russian President Vladimir Putin are due to meet in Belarus next week at a summit also involving EU officials and the leaders of Belarus and Kazakhstan , the Kremlin said . Those two nations are members , with Russia , of the Eurasian Customs Union , a trade bloc . Ukraine signed a trade agreement with Europe this year in defiance of Moscow 's wishes . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Will Ripley contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 17 dead and six injured after attack on refugee convoy , Ukrainian officials say NEW : Fighting near the scene of the convoy attack prevents access for investigators Delivery of Russian aid is stalled pending safety guarantees , a Ukrainian official says Fighting continues for control of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions
Los Angeles  CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January in Compton , California . His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight 's bail , now set at $ 10 million , but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request . The judge lowered Knight 's bail earlier this month , to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , after defense lawyers called the $ 25 million figure excessive for the circumstances . Knight faces one count of murder for the death of Terry Carter , one count of attempted murder in the case of Cle "  Bone " Sloan , who was maimed in the incident , and one count of hit-and-run . Knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted . He is accused of running over the two men during an argument . In court testimony earlier this month , Sloan , 51 , declined to identify Knight as his attacker because Sloan does n't want to be a "  snitch " who sends Knight to prison , according to CNN affiliates KABC and KTLA . Prosecutors offered Sloan immunity , but he still refused to testify against Knight during the preliminary hearing , the affiliates reported . The deadly incident occurred about 11 miles south of downtown Los Angeles on January 29 , after a flare-up on the set of the biopic "  Straight Outta Compton , " a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group N.W.A. . At the time , Knight was out on bail in a separate robbery case . The alleged argument spilled over to the parking lot of Tam 's Burgers in Compton . The hit-and-run was captured on videotape , which shows Knight inside a red truck . In the video , the truck pulls into the entrance of the Compton restaurant and is approached by Sloan , who was working security at the site . The two men appear to talk for a few moments , with Knight still in his vehicle . Suddenly , the vehicle backs up , knocking Sloan to the ground . While still in reverse , the truck moves out of range of the security camera . The vehicle is then seen zooming forward , back into camera range , running over Sloan a second time , and then running over the second man , Carter , a former rap music label owner . Carter , 55 , later died . Knight 's attorney Matthew Fletcher has argued that Knight was the victim and was only defending himself against Sloan , whom the defense attorney accused of possessing a gun at the time . Fletcher added that Knight 's defense was to stand his ground . The incident is the latest run-in with the law for Knight , who founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 and signed artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg  now known as Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers , and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards .	Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight is accused of murder in a videotaped hit-and-run Judge declines to reduce his bail from $ 10 million
January 30 , 2015 We 're exploring a couple of constitutional issues today , from the concept of war powers in the U.S. government to the concept of selecting a jury . There 's some hopeful news concerning the Ebola virus , and there 's some expectation that this year 's Super Bowl could break all-time television viewership records . And a man in Canada is keeping fun on track for the kids in his neighborhood . Fridays are awesome on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What Southeast Asian country , the world 's largest democracy , is led by Narendra Modi ? 2 . What Middle Eastern nation saw a new leader ascend the throne following the death of King Abdullah ? 3 . A recent outbreak of what disease has been linked to a theme park in California ? 4 . In which U.S. state would you find the coastal town of Marshfield , where a blizzard 's storm surge broke through a seawall ? 5 . What animal in Phylum Echinodermata is the source of uni , a delicacy that 's growing in popularity among sushi lovers worldwide ? 6 . What country 's military forces liberated Auschwitz , the Nazis ' largest concentration and extermination camp , this week in 1945 ? 7 . In what year did a rancher from Roswell , New Mexico find U.S. Army materials in his pasture that some skeptics claim were the remains of a UFO ? 8 . What is the nickname of the group of protesters who staged a sit-in at a Rock Hill , South Carolina lunch counter on January 31 , 1961 ? 9 . In a controversial effort to wipe out a certain species in the Florida Keys , a British company genetically modified what kind of animal ? 10 . The Constitution grants what part of the U.S. government the power to declare war ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
Editor 's note : Nathaniel Frank is author of "  Unfriendly Fire : How the Gay Ban Undermines the Military and Weakens America " and is senior research fellow at the Palm Center , a think tank at the University of California , Santa Barbara , that has focused on gender , sexuality and the military . He also teaches on the adjunct faculty at New York University . Nathaniel Frank says there 's no evidence that letting gays serve openly would harm the military . CNN  -- This week , four senior retired officers wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post predicting "  grave harm " to the military if President Obama moves forward with his vow to let gays serve openly . "  Our experience , " they wrote , "  and that of more than 1,000 retired flag and general officers , " suggest that lifting the ban would harm unit cohesion , recruitment and retention , and would ultimately "  break the All-Volunteer Force . " The argument is an old one , and was an effective canard in defeating President Clinton 's move to lift the ban in 1993 . But it has never been rooted in fact or evidence , and the effort of these officers to defeat equal treatment this time around will face mountains of opposing data and a dramatically changed cultural landscape . The officers who oppose openly gay service do not base their arguments on any new information . In addition to their own experience -- an impressive credential that 's nevertheless too vague to hang an argument on -- the officers rely on a single poll . They cite an unscientific survey -- it does not draw from a representative sampling but from newspaper subscribers -- indicating that 58 percent of the military oppose lifting the ban and that , if it 's lifted , 24 percent claim they will leave or consider leaving after their tour ends . But it 's naïve at best , and disingenuous at worst , to confuse this opinion survey with a sound prediction of actual behavior . When both Britain and Canada proposed lifting their gay bans in the 1990s , similar opinion surveys found much higher numbers -- about two-thirds in both cases -- claiming they , too , would leave . In each case , no more than three departures were attributed to the policy change . Three . In fact , the evidence showing that openly gay service works is overwhelming . Since 1957 , when the U.S. military began doing its own studies on gays in the military , every last bit of research has shown that openly gay service works . Studies of foreign militaries include a 1993 Government Accountability Office study of allied nations that found that "  the presence of homosexuals in the military is not an issue and has not created problems in the functioning of military units " ; a 1994 assessment by the U.S. Army Research Institute for the Behavioral and Social Sciences finding that predicted negative consequences of ending gay exclusion in the Canadian Forces never materialized ; the 2000 assessment of the British Ministry of Defense , calling its new policy of equal treatment "  a solid achievement " with "  no discernible impact " on recruitment or other critical variables ; and four academic studies conducted by the Palm Center , where I work , finding that lifting bans in Britain , Israel , Canada and Australia had no negative impact on military readiness , including on recruitment and retention . The officers writing in The Washington Post question the relevance of foreign militaries to this debate , mocking the idea that the U.S. military "  must emulate Denmark , the Netherlands and Canada . " But they failed to note that 24 of our closest allies let gays serve openly , including Britain , whose combat-tested soldiers and sailors serve shoulder to shoulder with U.S. forces . While our military and culture are unique in the world , it 's an astonishing vote of no-confidence in American troops to say that they are not capable of doing what 24 other militaries have done successfully . Ours is a professional , disciplined fighting force , and the assertion that a diverse military would lack order and discipline is , as Rep. Patrick Murphy , an Iraq War veteran , has said , "  an insult " to him and the entire U.S. military . But it 's not just foreign militaries that provide real evidence on gay service . A majority of U.S. troops know of , or suspect , gays in their units , giving the lie to the most basic assumption underlying the gay ban : that openly gay service could never work . After all , gays are already serving , and serving openly , without causing problems . Yet despite the law 's failure to keep many open gays out , the ban 's persistence means that gay troops are subject to random dismissals and are often unable to access military support services for fear of being found out and fired . Even extensive research by our own military has concluded the gay ban is unnecessary , including a large 1993 study by the RAND Corporation -- a think tank created by the military itself -- and two official military studies -- a 1989 study by the Defense Personnel Security Research Center and the Navy 's 1957 Crittenden report -- which all found sexual orientation is irrelevant to military performance . Indeed , neither the military nor anyone else has ever turned up a shred of evidence tying openly gay service to impairment of the military . When the officers ' claims are pitted against the wealth of actual facts and research on this issue , they are shown for what they really are : fear and intolerance , rooted in a world that 's largely disappeared . Indeed , the vast majority of these retired officers , including the authors of this week 's op-ed , retired before the current "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy even began in 1994 . Their military is not the same as today 's , where three-quarters of troops are "  personally comfortable " with gays and lesbians , and "  do n't ask , do n't tell " is considered "  a joke . " These officers attribute current efforts to lift the ban to "  gay rights activists , " when in fact , according to consistent polling , four-fifths of the American public favors repeal , including majorities of Republicans , conservatives and even churchgoers . It also includes many retired officers who did serve under , and used to support , the current policy , such as Gen. John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who sees the ban as a threat to military readiness . The officers say there is "  no compelling national security reason " to accept the "  risks " of lifting the ban , which they say include the likely loss of "  experienced personnel who are not easily replaced . " But under current policy , more than 800 "  mission-critical specialists " have been fired just because they 're gay , including more than 60 Arabic linguists . Due to the military 's overall struggle to meet its recruiting goals , it has had to lower standards and admit convicted felons . Kicking out capable troops while replacing them with ex-convicts is not a recipe for good order and discipline . Forcing soldiers to lie to each other is not good for morale or cohesion . Drumming out Arabic linguists at a time when we do n't have enough to translate what our enemies are saying is bad , not good , for national security . If these officers care more about our nation than about preserving an embalmed military culture , they 'll cease and desist . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Nathaniel Frank	Nathaniel Frank : Some retired military officers oppose letting gay troops serve He says they do n't understand wide acceptance of gays today in military He says many other nations have approved gay service without harm Frank : Polls vastly exaggerate number of officers who might leave
CNN  -- Seven members of Mexico 's Zetas cartel were arrested Tuesday after a U.S. indictment accused a total of 14 cartel members of laundering drug money through the breeding and racing of American quarter horses in the United States , authorities said . Los Zetas leader Miguel Angel Trevino Morales , 38 , and his two brothers were named in the federal indictment , and brother Jose Trevino Morales , 45 , and his wife , 38-year-old Zulema Trevino , were among the seven arrested , federal authorities said . The 14 defendants were charged with a conspiracy using horse racing and breeding to launder the cartel 's drug money , authorities said . "  The allegations in this indictment , if proven , would document yet another example of the corrupting influence of Mexican drug cartels within the United States , facilitated by the enormous profits generated by the illicit drug trade , " U.S. Attorney Robert Pitman of the Western District of Texas said in a statement . Opinion : Illicit funds from Mexico find haven in U.S. . Since 2008 , cartel leader Miguel Angel Trevino Morales and brother Oscar Omar Trevino Morales directed millions of dollars in drug money to brother Jose and his wife for buying , training , breeding and racing quarter horses in New Mexico , Oklahoma , California and Texas , authorities said . Jose Trevino , his wife and others disguised the ownership of the horses through the use of "  front " companies , authorities said . Among the horses that were part of the alleged laundering operations were Tempting Dash , winner of the Dash for Cash at Lone Star Park racetrack in Grand Prairie , Texas , on October 24 , 2009 , and Mr. Piloto , winner of the $ 1 million All American Futurity at Ruidoso Downs on Labor Day 2010 in Ruidoso , New Mexico , authorities said . Federal authorities are seeking forfeiture of those race horses and others named Dashin Follies , Coronita Cartel and Separate Fire -- as well as property in Lexington , Oklahoma , and Bastrop County , Texas , and money in three bank accounts , officials said . The indictment alleges the horse racing and breeding conspiracy raised $ 20 million , and authorities are seeking a monetary judgment in that amount , officials said . The Los Zetas cartel , headquartered in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , directly across the border from Laredo , Texas , is Mexico 's largest drug cartel in terms of territory and has operations in 11 Mexican states , the indictment said . The cartel sends thousands of kilograms of cocaine and other drugs annually to the United States , generating many millions of dollars , the indictment said . "  This case is a prime example of the ability of Mexican drug cartels to establish footholds in legitimate U.S. industries and highlights the serious threat money laundering causes to our financial system , " Richard Weber , chief of IRS Criminal Investigation , said in a statement . The five other people arrested Tuesday are Fernando Solis Garcia , 29 , in Ruidoso ; 26-year-old Carlos Miguel Nayen Borbolla , 32-year-old Adan Farias and 28-year-old Felipe Alejandro Quintero in Los Angeles ; and Eusevio Maldonado Huitron , 48 , in Austin , Texas , authorities said . Cartel leader Miguel Angel Trevino Morales and brother Oscar Omar Trevino Morales , 36 , are believed to be in Mexico , authorities said . The five others indicted who have n't been arrested as of Tuesday are Raul Ramirez , 20 , of El Paso , Texas ; Francisco Antonio Colorado Cessa , 51 , of Veracruz , Mexico ; Victor Manuel Lopez , 31 , of Nuevo Laredo ; and Sergio Rogelio Guerrero Rincon , 40 , and Luis Gerardo Aguirre , 35 , both of Mexico , authorities said . In small-town USA , business as usual for Mexican cartels	The brother of a Mexican cartel leader is among seven people arrested The leader of Los Zetas cartel and six others indicted are still at large Los Zetas allegedly used fronts to hide horse ownership At least a couple of the cartel 's horses were winners at the track
CNN  -- Apple sue us next ? Not a chance . That 's the gist of Google 's message following Apple 's $ 1 billion victory over Samsung in a California patent suit . The search giant is doing its best to quell fears that its Android operating system could be the next target for Apple 's lawyers . And you ca n't blame them . Google has to do something to keep its partners in the smartphone and tablet world from panicking , to say nothing of investors . But experts say that while the Apple v. Samsung suit did n't describe a legal route that leads directly to Mountain View , Google had better watch its back . Apple v. Samsung ripped apart both the hardware and software used in Samsung 's very popular smartphones and tablets . Arguments hinged on whether certain hardware features -- like a bezeled display and a lozenge-shaped earpiece -- had been ripped off from Apple by Samsung 's designers . A jury decided that in multiple instances they had . Apple also filed claims that Samsung developed operating system features that violated Apple patents . Samsung licenses Google 's Android operating system for its tablets and phones , and makes changes to personalize the user experience . Those small changes include pinch-to-zoom , tap-to-zoom , and bounce-back features , which fall under Apple-owned utility patents . Google , which has stayed silent about the case until now , said Monday that these utility patent features are n't part of the core Android operating system , which runs underneath Samsung 's and other device manufacturer 's modifications . Google gives its licensees a plain , stock version of the Android operating system , which by itself does not violate Apple 's patents . However , licensees can modify the Android system and build any feature they like , and those features could violate other patented technologies . Here 's Google 's full statement in reaction to the verdict : "  The court of appeals will review both infringement and the validity of the patent claims . Most of these do n't relate to the core Android operating system , and several are being re-examined by the US Patent Office . The mobile industry is moving fast and all players -- including newcomers -- are building upon ideas that have been around for decades . We work with our partners to give consumers innovative and affordable products , and we do n't want anything to limit that . " Phillip Philbin , an intellectual property attorney with national law firm Haynes and Boone , says Google 's statement is a message to its partners that the verdict only applies to Samsung 's products , and not the entire Android ecosystem . "  It 's essentially Google saying that the patent issues apply to Samsung 's software changes and Samsung 's hardware , but not to ` core ' Android or other Android products , " says Philbin . Looking at the case , Purdue law professor Mark McKenna says Google is focusing on distancing itself from the pinch-to-zoom , the tap-to-zoom , and the bounce-back features that Samsung created , saying they are n't included in its base Android code . "  Google 's claim is that those features are part of the modified experience from other companies that license the Android operating system , " says McKenna . Analysts agree with Google 's stance , saying there is no evidence out there that the core Android operating system has infringed on Apple or any other company 's patents . But Google has yet to endure the scrutiny of a full-blown patent suit . The California jury was looking at what Samsung did or did n't do , not what Google did or did n't do . That 's a key distinction . But if Google has its way , no jury will ever test its claims . Google has gone to great lengths to keep its operating system distinct from iOS with widgets , rotary and pull-tab lock screens , and an applications menu separate from the home screen . All very un-Apple-like design flourishes . Even Google 's Nexus hardware line , made with Samsung , HTC , and Asus , includes designs with rounded corners , curved screens , and textured battery covers that could never be mistaken for an Apple device . Still Google is not immune to a patent lawsuit , even though it would n't be easy for Apple -- or anyone else -- to bring a case . One of the chief reasons Apple has n't yet gone after Google , McKenna says , is because Google does n't make any money from selling the Android operating system  it makes money from mobile ads  . Since Google is giving away Android , it makes it hard for Apple to prove that the operating system harms its market share . "  That does n't mean Apple could n't sue Google , it just makes it more challenging to prove the direct impact , " says McKenna . "  That 's why Apple 's gone the indirect route , by suing device manufacturers that can modify Android . " And it 's not inconceivable that Apple eventually decides to go directly after Google , McKenna says . If it gets on a winning streak in U.S. courts against the rest of the handset makers , it might take a shot . "  This is Act 1 in a multi-act play , " says McKenna . "  Apple is on the record saying they want to destroy the Android ecosystem , and to do that it 's either going have to go after the all the software makers , or every single hardware manufacturer that sells these things . " Whether its Apple going after its next victim , or the Samsung case going to appeal , Philbin agrees there is a long way to go . "  Patent litigation takes place on at least three fronts â $ " the district court , the patent office and the federal circuit , " he says . "  What we 've had so far is just the district court 's ruling and we have n't even heard from the District Judge on this yet . So this process is far from over . " The legal process perhaps , but as is the case in the fast-moving tech world , the design process has already moved on . Pick up the latest Samsung smartphone and you wo n't see the hardware or software features that the jury found violated Apple 's patents . Samsung has learned its lesson , albeit in a very expensive way . Google already has a tight grip on Android , and you 're likely to see that grip tighten as it looks to avoid any of its own patent litigation woes . The good news for consumers is that rather than waiting for jury verdicts in the future , there 's a good chance we 'll be waiting for the next crop of smartphones and tablets with forms and features that are distinct -- not just a bunch of Apple copycats . With additional reporting by Nathan Olivarez-Giles . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google is trying to quell fears that its Android system could be the next target for Apple Experts say Google had better watch its back over possible patent litigation Analysts : there 's no evidence the core Android system has infringed on Apple 's patents
CNN  An AIG insurance company executive who 'd been missing for a week is dead , his family said on a Facebook page Thursday evening . Omar Meza went missing after a company dinner last Thursday at the JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort & Spa in Palm Desert , California . The 33-year-old was last seen around 11 p.m. on January 8 . He did not show up to meetings the next day and was reported missing . "  I spoke to him . ... I was the last conversation per his telephone records ... on Thursday night around 11:20 p.m. , " said his wife , Diane . "  It was late on a work night . I told him , ` Head to your hotel and call me when you get there . ' I never got that call , " she said . "  I tried calling him , but he did n't answer . I just went to bed . Did n't think too much of it . " She said her husband suffered short-term memory loss from a traffic accident last year . It 's uncertain whether that had any effect on his disappearance . Meza 's jacket and wallet were found on the resort 's golf course , CNN affiliates KESQ and KMIR reported . A man 's body was found in the 74800 block of Country Club Drive , a tweet from the Riverside County Sheriff 's Office said . Investigators have not confirmed the identity of the body . However , it was found in a body of water and appears to be male , the Riverside County Sheriff 's Department said in a news release . The body was taken to the Coroner 's Office , which will determine the cause of death . On the Facebook page dedicated to "  Find Omar Meza , " the family asked for privacy , saying , "  we are with heavy hearts tonight as we announce the passing of Omar Meza . He was a very loved son , husband , brother & friend . " The family also thanked those who supported them , writing , "  it brings tears to our eyes to see how well loved Omar was , he will be missed by many . "	Omar Meza , 33 , went missing on January 8 at a resort in Palm Desert , California His jacket and wallet were found on the resort 's golf course , news outlets report The body of a male was found , but it has n't been identified , authorities say
CNN  -- A month ago , Martin Kaymer paid an emotional tribute to his deceased Mum after winning the Players ' Championship on Mother 's Day . On Sunday , the German was victorious again , this time at the U.S. Open and this time on Father 's Day , a fitting tribute to his Dad Horst , a retired corporate executive . "  It was nice to win on Mother 's Day and our Father 's Day -LSB- in Germany -RSB- was a couple of weeks ago and I did n't get him anything , " said Kaymer after a gargantuan eight-shot victory at Pinehurst on Sunday . "  Maybe this works today . " The 29-year-old was in a class of his own during the four rounds , carding the lowest score over two rounds in the tournament 's history and , from that point , was never really challenged by runners-up Erik Compton and Rickie Fowler . Kaymer plays with a single sunflower on his bag , the favourite flower of his mother Rina , who died of complications from skin cancer in 2008 . Following his Players ' Championship victory , Kaymer said holding back the tears : "  My mother was always there to be affectionate and show us love . When my Mom passed away , that stopped . Mother 's Day is always a nice day . " After his Pinehurst win , the German admitted he still thinks of his mother every day but it was a victory dedicated to his father , who once flew over from Germany to his home in Scottsdale , Arizona , for a mere 24 hours just to celebrate his son overtaking Lee Westwood as world No. 1 in the spring of 2011 . "  He says ` next time in Germany , who knows if you 'll still No. 1 so I just wanted to take the opportunity to say congratulations ' , " recalled Kaymer of his father 's gesture . "  And the next day he flew out to Germany . Not a lot of parents do that , and it was nice . It was a 30-hour trip for pretty much 24 hours there . " A U.S. PGA winner in 2010 , Kaymer tried to remodel his game to make it perfect , often leaving the driving range with bleeding hands , with his world ranking plummeting as the changes took time to work . Bar the Ryder Cup-winning putt in 2012 , there were few highlights to speak of , with Kaymer not winning an individual event for two-and-a-half years by the time he was victorious at the Players before becoming the first player from Europe to win the US Open . "  The way I play golf right now , I should n't think too much about technique , " added Kaymer , reflecting on his restructured game . "  I 'm very happy with the way I hit the ball . " While Kaymer 's recent victories produced a nice family tale , Compton 's position as runner-up was even more remarkable given he had twice undergone heart transplants , once in 1992 and again in 2008 . "  When you have disabilities or you have health issues , some days are really bad and then you 've got to try to make the best of it the next day and wake up and move your body , " said Compton , who pocketed $ 790,000 after his share of second place . "  And I 'm the perfect example of that . I 've been on my back twice and I never thought I would ever leave the house . "  Now I just finished second at the U.S. Open which I do n't think anybody would have ever thought I 'd do that . You just ca n't give up . " Compton was diagnosed with viral cardiomyopathy at the age of nine but suffered a heart attack in 2007 with the new heart he was given aged 12 by a 15-year-old donor who had been killed by a drunk driver . Compton drove himself to the hospital in Miami , calling his mother Eli to tell her he did n't think he would survive . Seven months later , he underwent another transplant , this time from a 26-year-old killed on his motorbike by a hit-and-run driver . As a result , the pressure of the business end of a major tournament is relative child 's play for Compton . "  I have been through a lot in my life , " he said , "  and a lot more adrenaline pressure situations than hitting a tee shot on 18 . "	U.S. Open winner pays tribute to dad , Horst , after Father 's Day victory at Pinehurst German won Players ' Championship a month earlier on Mother 's Day His mother , Rina , died of complications following skin cancer back in 2008 Heart transplant survivor Erik Compton finishes second at the U.S. Open
CNN  -- November 8 , 1994 : It was a slaughter . In one night , Republicans seized 54 seats in the House and eight seats in the Senate , capturing Congress for the first time since 1954 . The newcomers , many from the South , were predominantly white , male and angry . "  You 're going to have a difference in style , " predicted an Atlanta-based Republican pollster . "  With the Southern Republicans , you get a more aggressive , assertive conservatism . This is a conservatism that has been built on confronting Democrats and liberals , not accommodating them . " Conservative leaders credited Rush Limbaugh , king of angry white men , with propelling the Republican revolution . "  He was the standard by which we ran , " said former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay . The Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank , invited Limbaugh to deliver the keynote at its orientation for new lawmakers . Limbaugh encouraged the newcomers to stay mean : "  This is not the time to get moderate . This is not the time to start trying to be liked . " The newcomers listened . Led by House Speaker Newt Gingrich , the angry white men of Capitol Hill shut down the government and spent the next six years trying to drive Bill Clinton from office . Those were the days , my friend . We thought they 'd never end . November 2 , 2010 : Four years after recapturing Congress , Democrats are again cowering in expectation of a brutal Election Day beating . Rush Limbaugh is still angry , but some of this year 's Republican candidates take their cues from someone new : Glenn Beck . Where Limbaugh was angry , Beck is paranoid . In his land of make-believe , devious enemies have infiltrated the government and are plotting to destroy America . Every significant phenomenon , from the recession to the BP oil spill , is part of their master plan . Their final objective is a fascist-communist-Big Brother-world-government-über-tyranny , and they will annihilate anyone who interferes , which is why Beck frequently asks listeners to pray for his safety . Just as Republicans channeled Limbaugh 's anger in 1994 , many of today 's Republican nominees exhibit Beck 's paranoia . For instance , Rand Paul , the Republican Senate nominee from Kentucky , has described a secret plot to merge the United States into a North American Union under a single currency , sealed by a colossal 10-lane highway from Mexico to Canada . "  It 's gon na go up through Texas , I guess , all the way to Montana , " he explained . "  If you talk about it like it 's a conspiracy , " he said , "  they 'll paint you as a nut . ... But I guarantee you it 's one of their long-term goals to have one sort of borderless mass continent . " Bill Randall , a Republican congressional nominee from North Carolina , speculated that the government has colluded with BP to create the oil spill : "  Now , I 'm not necessarily a conspiracy person , but I do n't think enough investigation has been done on this . ... I do n't know how or why , but in that situation , if you have someone from a company proposing to violate the safety process and the government signing off on it , excuse me : Maybe they wanted it to leak . " Sharron Angle , Republican Senate nominee from Nevada , has spoken of armed resistance to tyranny . "  You know , our founding fathers , they put that Second Amendment in there for a good reason , and that was for the people to protect themselves against a tyrannical government , " she warned . "  I hope that 's not where we 're going , but , you know , if this Congress keeps going the way it is , people are really looking toward those Second Amendment remedies and saying , my goodness , what can we do to turn this country around ? " Christine O'Donnell , Republican Senate nominee from Delaware , checks for political opponents hiding in her bushes . "  They 're following me , " she insisted . "  They follow me home at night . I make sure that I come back to the townhouse , and then we have our team come out and check all the bushes and check all the cars to make sure that -- they follow me . " Some Democrats have cheered these wild-eyed candidates , believing that extremists wo n't win elections . But history contradicts faith in Americans ' moderation . When militant conservatives seized control of the Republican Party in December 1992 , one Democratic analyst gloated , "  They are silencing the more moderate elements in their party and seeking an ideological purity from the right . A marginalized , right-wing Republican Party will be less competitive with Bill Clinton in 1996 than a more inclusive and centrist Republican Party . " But while the relatively moderate Bob Dole lost to Clinton , conservative shock troops swarmed into Congress and hobbled his presidency . The way things are going , the incoming Republicans of 2010 will make the class of 1994 look like pragmatic centrists . If so , we can look forward to years of partisan gridlock and poisonous incriminations . In the words of Glenn Beck , "  Buckle up , because trouble is coming . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolraich .	Michael Wolraich says Rush Limbaugh helped propel 1990 's GOP revolution But in 2010 midterms , candidates take cues from Glenn Beck , who uses paranoia GOP candidates such as O'Donnell , Paul have taken up paranoid theme to tar opponents Wolraich : Republicans of 2010 will make class of 1994 look like pragmatic centrists
London  CNN  -- If keeping track of friends was the first wave of social media , the next may be all about hooking up with strangers . Apps designed to connect like-minded people , both online and in the real world , are being promoted as potentially capable of generating the kinds of billions Facebook may or may not be worth . But to achieve this , tech companies must encourage users to make a leap into an unknown world and throw private information into a void . "  If we get this right , I can not think of a bigger thing to be working on right now , " said Paul Davison , CEO of Highlight , one of the most buzzed-about of such apps to emerge this year . "  We can take billions and billions of dollars . " Like other so-called "  social discovery " apps , Highlight works by allowing a small online cloud of personal information to follow a user wherever their cellphone goes . Whenever two users pass in the street or walk into the same venue , Highlight compares their data and alerts them to things they share in common , such as friends , music or favorite TV shows . Why faces matter to Facebook Davison , 32 , sees this as a powerful way to solve an imperfect social world in which many people try but fail to find the right friends , partners or employees . "  There is serendipity everywhere , " he told CNN this week at Le Web London , a tech conference that wraps up Wednesday . The event brings together some of the biggest names in social media innovation and its agenda showcases a number of data services which , like Highlight , attempt to steer us away from the vagaries of chance . "  But sometimes it just needs more engineering , " he added . Davison is clearly not alone in thinking this . Since its launch in January , Highlight has received positive reviews from tech-industry journalists and was one of the most heavily hyped apps this spring at SXSW Interactive , the tech conference in Austin , Texas . A similar app , Glancee , was snapped up by Facebook in May . Davison wo n't disclose how many people have signed up for Highlight to date , but our tests in London this week revealed a relatively thin pool of users .  For context , another fledgling rival , Banjo , hit 1 million users in April .  He appears to be some way off from the fabled "  critical mass " at which a network becomes an attractive user destination . To get there , he must first convince people of the value of sharing -- a task he acknowledges as tricky . "  People freak out , they say it 's creepy , " he said . "  And if they do n't want to share , then that 's fine , they do n't have to . But the social benefits to this far outweigh any cost to privacy . " Davison , who is currently expanding Highlight 's two-man operation with half a dozen new hires , said he believes users will be won over by the ability to validate peoples ' identities via Facebook or other existing social media platforms , and by the limited space in which the data is broadcast . Facebook to show you adds based on your Web browing "  We connect people over a 150-meter radius . There 's something about a short sense of space that creates trust , " he said . "  Trust is critical . We think about it all the time and we want to be a simple product that people love . We do n't want to be too spammy , too aggressive or anything like that . " Davison said he is not entirely sure how he will monetize his creation . Still , he is confident that it has lucrative potential -- provided it can avoid being pigeonholed as a dating app or conference-networking tool . "  Both those are big markets , but if you focus on them you end up with a very vertical growth plan , " Davison said . "  We want to go beyond that . We want something that everyone will use everywhere . " While some may doubt Highlight 's ability to persuade a mass-market audience to share with strangers , Davison 's goals are n't without precedent -- largely thanks to a trail blazed by similar app Badoo . Founded in 2006 by Russian entrepreneur Andrey Andreev , Badoo now connects 153 million people around the world . It is hugely successful in Europe and is currently pushing into the United States . Though it has a reputation as a dating site -- some news reports have described it as like Facebook , but for sex -- the motivation behind Badoo 's hook ups are numerous , according to Benjamin Ling , the company 's newly appointed chief operating officer . "  We 're solving a fundamental need of humans to connect and meet with other people , " Ling told CNN on the sidelines of Le Web . Could mobile apps save local news ? Whereas Highlight focuses on specifically locating and identifying strangers in close proximity , Badoo casts its net much wider , linking like-minded souls in nearby neighborhoods and leaving it up to them to set up a physical rendezvous . Yet , said Ling , it recognizes that people are clearly willing to take a leap into the unknown . "  As children , we have no problem meeting people , but as we grow up it becomes harder , " he said . "  The social friction increases . What we do is help reduce that friction . " Badoo makes money as a "  freemium " service . There is no charge to join , but users can pay to promote themselves across the network in the same way that retailers optimize their position in Google searches . Ling said further revenues could soon come from advertisements . Badoo has already achieved the critical mass needed to make it a going concern and seems to have no problem persuading users to share personal details -- a fact that should be encouraging to Highlight and other , newer social startups . Like any dating or social site , however , it must combat users who post false identities . Mobile devices offer ` seductive ' fantasy "  The key thing in gaining trust is user choice . Users only share the information they want to share , " Ling said . "  As with every open platform , it is open to abuse . We have the ability for our community members to flag abuse , and we have 250 moderators . We allow users to authenticate their profiles , via Facebook or Twitter or their mobile phones . " And , said Ling , he is confident the space will grow as society opens up to the possibilities of sharing with strangers . "  Teens growing up now are more comfortable with the online world , and so the cultural mores are beginning to change over time , and that makes us optimistic , " he said . "  This model of interaction is going to be much more prevalent in the future . "	Mobile apps connecting strangers in real world might be "  the next Facebook " Highlight connects mobile users within 150 meters based upon mutual friends or interests Badoo operates on same principle but covers more distance Some worry that GPS-aided introductions will seem creepy
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Ten years ago , teen Daniel Giddings shot a man during an attempted robbery and was sentenced to six to 12 years in prison . During his time behind bars , Giddings racked up almost 30 disciplinary infractions , was kicked out of two separate facilities for bad behavior and reportedly spent hundreds of days in the hole because of his conduct . After serving 10 years , Giddings was released last August . According to CNN affiliate WPVI , he allegedly assaulted several police officers days later . Then , in September , he allegedly killed a Philadelphia police officer before being fatally shot by another officer . We see classic cases of repeat offenders like this all the time . A teen is thrown into the abyss of the corrections system and comes back out no better , if not worse . If we had the right intervention for troubled teens , could we reduce their chances of becoming repeat offenders ? The fact that we constantly have to ask that question tells me America needs to change the way it fights crime . As a nation , we 're very good at locking criminals up , yet we still remain one of the most violent and crime-ridden societies in the developed world . According to the International Center for Prison Studies in London , England , the United States has the world 's highest incarceration rate , with one in 100 adults behind bars . In fact , the United States accounts for less than five percent of the world 's population , but almost a quarter of the world 's prisoners . Considering how much time , energy and money we spend locking people up , you 'd expect to see a bigger payoff . But in the United States there are about 16,000 homicides per year , or roughly six per 100,000 people , based on Department of Justice statistics . Compare that to Canada and Britain , which do n't even tally 1,000 homicides per year each . Our current system is broken because it is too focused on tossing criminals behind bars and hoping they get the message instead of rehabilitating them . I 'm not saying we need to stop punishing criminals . We just need to start peppering in prevention techniques and using creative solutions to identify red flags early . Quietly , the pendulum is swinging in that direction . Missouri 's groundbreaking juvenile justice system is the vanguard . It focuses on rehabilitation , therapeutic intervention and conflict resolution rather than force and punishment . Small groups of youths stay in dorms with a couple of adult facilitators to emphasize individual treatment . According to Harvard University 's Ash Institute , the youths attend daily meetings with peers , partake in educational and volunteer programs and serve as role models for each other . This approach appears to be bearing dividends , as the Department of Justice points out over 90 percent of Missouri youths avoid further incarceration for at least three years after graduating from the program . Thanks in part to these detention alternatives , Missouri 's adult prison population decreased from 2005 to 2007 after increasing each year from 1997 to 2003 , according to the Missouri Department of Corrections . Other states are catching on to the Missouri model . The Annie E. Casey Foundation , a leading supporter of alternative juvenile justice , says there are more than 100 sites using juvenile detention alternatives in 24 states and the District of Columbia . The proliferation of these alternatives may be having nationwide effects . The national juvenile arrest rate has decreased nearly 10 percent from 2000 to 2007 , according to FBI arrest statistics . Obviously the Missouri model is n't the only factor at play , but imagine the impact if we could spread those programs to the other 26 states . So how will we get the remaining "  tough against crime " politicians to implement similar systems ? By showing them how it will fatten up the government 's coffers . The Missouri model has been shown to reduce recidivism , meaning states will have fewer repeat offenders to incarcerate . And the best way to reduce prison costs is to reduce incarceration . I think certain aspects of the Missouri model must be expanded beyond corrections systems . After all , why should juvenile offenders be the only ones learning conflict resolution and peer counseling ? We should offer similar tools -- such as group therapy -- in public high schools to help all troubled kids before a potential descent into criminality . In these school-based programs , no topic should be off limits . Alcohol , drugs , sex , money -- whatever is bothering these children , they should have a place to share experiences , learn to cope with adversity and simply have someone willing to listen . Such a program would also enable children to discuss issues that they are unwilling or unable to share with their parents . As a recovering alcoholic , I know how powerful and effective therapeutic programs are . They help you dissect a problem and uncover its cause . Therapy helps millions of people with a variety of issues , yet most kids are n't exposed to these incredible tools when they need it most  unless they have rich parents to pay for therapy sessions  . It is very promising to see that America is moving toward a balance of punishment and prevention , thanks to inventive ideas like the Missouri model . No matter how many prisons we build and criminals we lock up , the fact remains the best way to fight crime is to stop it at the source . And that is exactly what these creative solutions aim to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : Locking up teen offenders wo n't solve problem of repeat crimes She says teens need therapy to help uncover source of their problems Missouri has lowered repeat crime by using innovative programs for teen offenders She says such efforts can not only reduce crime but also save money
CNN  -- Eight government troops were killed and at least 28 soldiers were injured in Abyan province when suspected al Qaeda militants attacked the governmental military base for Brigade 211 in Dofas district , a security official in the district confirmed . The militants escaped unharmed after the attack , which took place at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday , the official said . "  The militants attacked us at a time we were not prepared . That is the reason why the death and injury toll of the troops is high , " the official said . Two tribal fighters in the district said the militants have been attacking the base for the past two weeks in attempts to seize it . They said at least six attacks have taken place near the base . In a different incident , pro-government tribal fighters said that six suspected al Qaeda fighters were killed in a government air raid in Arqoob district of Abyan province , eyewitnesses said . Eyewitnesses said the bodies of the six militants were still lying on the streets of Arqoob four hours after the attack . The government has attacked the district hourly since the militants seized it on Sunday . Pro-government forces have been trying to retake the district since militants entered it , tribal fighters said . The fighters told CNN that they succeeded in uprooting at least nine road bombs that the militants had planted in the district of Arqoob by suspected al Qaeda militants .	Eight government troops killed , at least 28 soldiers injured in Abyan province Al Qaeda suspected of trying to seize military base for past two weeks In separate incident , six suspected al Qaeda fighters killed in government air raid
CNN  -- Four Virginia men were arrested Tuesday on allegations of bribery and kickbacks in what prosecutors describe as an elaborate scheme thought to involve hundreds of millions of dollars in contracts connected to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . The suspects include two long-time Corps employees charged in an alleged conspiracy involving more than $ 20 million in bribes and kickbacks , as well as a plan to try to steer a $ 780 million contract to a favored contractor , the U.S. Justice Department reported . Another of the defendants is director of contracts for a company that did business with the federal government , the Justice Department said . Corps employees Michael Alexander , 55 , and Kerry Khan , 53 , as well as Khan 's son , Lee , 30 , and Harold Babb , 60 , were all indicted on charges of conspiracy to commit bribery and wire fraud , conspiracy to commit money laundering , and aiding and abetting , according to a Justice Department statement . Both Kerry Khan and Alexander also face one count each of receipt of a bribe by a public official . If convicted , both men could each face a maximum 40-year sentence behind bars . Babb , meanwhile , also was handed a charge related to unlawful kickbacks , and could face up to 35 years in prison . He was director of contracts at Eyak Tek , an Alaska Native-owned small business based in Dulles , Virginia . Lee Khan , who controlled a consulting company with his father , faces a sentence of up to 25 years if convicted , according to the Justice Department . All four men pleaded not guilty in federal court in Washington Tuesday afternoon . Thought to have used their positions within the Corps , the elder Khan and his colleague Alexander are suspected of having funneled more than $ 45 million in payments by way of a federal contract that they oversaw , according to the indictment . About $ 20 million in fraudulent expenses were built into those invoices , which were then diverted to all four defendants , prosecutors say . . Authorities are in the process of seizing funds in 29 bank accounts , as well as three luxury vehicles and seven high-end watches , and are pursing a forfeiture allegation against 16 real properties financed in whole or in part with proceeds from the alleged crimes , the Justice Department said . . It was not clear Tuesday whether the suspects have retained legal counsel .	NEW : Defendants allegedly planned to try to steer a $ 780 million government contract NEW : Two defendants are employees of the Army Corps of Engineers NEW : The two are suspected of using their positions to try to funnel contracts
Easton , Maryland  CNN  -- New appliances and vacation packages are n't unusual giveaways in the housing slump , but one woman is taking the unorthodox step of throwing in a car with the purchase of her home . Catherine Poe is throwing in a Toyota Prius hybrid with the sale of her renovated Maryland house . "  My daughter came up with the idea , " Catherine Poe said . "  We 're losing money on the house , and the Prius only adds to losing money , but we also realize it 's time we really got to sell the house . " Poe and her daughter bought the 1907 three-bedroom colonial in Easton , Maryland , in 2005 as an investment property . In the past , the pair has bought two historic homes within minutes of Maryland 's shoreline , renovated and resold them during a red-hot housing market . Poe said she and her daughter bought this house for $ 335,000 , spent $ 300,000 restoring it and were hoping for a $ 40,000 profit when they first put it on the market . But after more than a year of trying to sell it , taking it off the market and putting it back on , they say they 're ready to cut their losses . With gas prices hovering about $ 4 a gallon in most states , they hope the fuel-efficient Toyota Prius hybrid , which costs about $ 23,000 for a new model , will sweeten the pot even more . Poe 's real estate agent said he is optimistic about the giveaway , saying that an incentive of that magnitude was a first for one of his clients . "  You have to be creative . You have to learn how to do different things , and if we learn anything from this , certainly , we will replicate it , " said Chuck Mangold , who has put an ad for the Prius in the local newspaper . But Elizabeth Blakeslee of the National Association of Realtors cautions buyers about "  gimmicks " to draw attention to a house . "  In my 18 years as a Realtor , I have never known anyone who has actually received whatever it was , the trip or the car , " said Blakeslee , a regional vice president for the NAR . "  It 's generally negotiated away during the process of the buying or selling negotiations . " She added that a competitive selling price is a better way to get buyers interested and generate a sale . According to the NAR , existing home sales remain 14 percent below a year ago . Even with a projected small uptick in 2009 , analysts are predicting a slow recovery . Poe said she is motivated by a love for old homes . "  It 's not flipping , so much as coming back and renovating and presenting it to the person who appreciates that , " she said . "  It 's not like coming and going ` Wham , bam , here 's a house for you , ' just jack up the price $ 100,000 . "  The love affair with historic houses is still there . We 're having to be realistic also . " The house is selling for $ 595,000 , and Poe says she is willing to reduce the price if a potential buyer does n't want the Prius . She just hopes the car gets them through the door , because a straight price cut apparently just does n't cut it anymore .	Catherine Poe hopes the incentive of a Toyota Prius will draw buyers Poe bought the 1905 Colonial home for $ 335,000 , hoped for $ 40,000 profit Some Realtors say the incentive is creative , others caution against it as a gimmick
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has met in Beijing with Kim Jong Il , the reclusive leader of North Korea , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Thursday . Kim was widely reported to have been in China , but both countries declined to formally confirm the visit -- even after grainy photos surfaced on websites that appeared to show Kim in China , North Korea 's closest ally . Kim was on his third China visit since last May , the news agency reported . It quoted him as saying that China and North Korea have made "  extensive achievements in their trade cooperation in recent years " and that they "  took a significant step forward in building a new cross-border bridge over the Yalu River . " Wen said "  it is a steadfast principle " of the Chinese government "  to consolidate and develop " a friendship between China and North Korea , the Xinhua report said . The news report added that "  both sides boosted substantial cooperation in trade and other areas , which have helped promote economic development and improve people 's lives in the two countries . " Kim noted that this year marks the 50th anniversary of a friendship and cooperation treaty between North Korea and China , Xinhua reported . He also called on both nations to expand cooperation to "  usher in a new era of full-flourish trade cooperation , " the news agency said . South Korean and Japanese media , whose journalists usually doggedly follow the North Korean ruler on such trips , had reported that Kim 's special train crossed the border into China Friday . They said the leader started his journey with several stops in the northeast , including a tour at one of the China 's biggest automakers . China usually confirms North Korean officials ' visits only after they have returned home . With heavy sanctions still in place on North Korea after its nuclear and missile tests , analysts have said that the communist nation clearly needs help , especially in light of recent reports that an unusually harsh weather has ruined its winter crops . "  Kim Jong Il wants to get something from South Korea or the U.S. or China -- economic aid or security assurances -- but at the moment he is not getting anything , and China is preventing North Korea from further provocations , " Choi Jin-wook of Seoul 's Korea Institute of National Unification has said . "  Kim wants to know what China is going to do for them . " As a U.S. government delegation traveled Tuesday to North Korea for a four-day trip to assess the food situation , China remained largely quiet on how it would respond to its isolated neighbor 's aid requests . "  Over the years China , within its means , has provided some assistance to  North Korea  aimed at helping it improve its people 's livelihood and developing its economy , " said Jiang Yu , a spokeswoman for China 's foreign ministry . "  We support international aid projects " in the North .	NEW : China usually confirms visits by North Korean leaders after they return home North Korean leader met with Chinese premier , Chinese state-run media reported It was Kim Jong Il 's third trip to China since last May
Washington  CNN  Pro-Clinton Democrats are trying to cash in on Sarah Palin . Ready for Hillary , a super PAC working to help Clinton in her all-but-certain presidential run , blasted an email out to supporters on Monday that featured a picture of Palin , the former Republican vice presidential candidate , holding a Ready for Hillary magnet . Palin spoke at the Iowa Freedom Summit over the weekend , where she needled Democrats for efforts like Ready for Hillary and others that are organizing around a Clinton run before she has even declared her candidacy . "  I 'm ready for Hillary , are you ? Are you coming ? " Palin said holding a magnet and urging Republicans to get "  ready " to confront Clinton . She added : "  Hey Iowa , can anyone stop Hillary ? To borrow a phrase , ` Yes we can ! ' And it starts here and it starts now . " "  No , Sarah Palin did not join Ready for Hillary 's effort , " reads the fundraising email . "  Let 's show Sarah Palin and everyone else that millions of Americans will stand with Hillary and have her back every single day . " If the donated $ 20.16 , according to the email , supporters would get a similar car magnet to the one Palin used as a prop . The pro-Clinton super PAC were not the first Democrats to needle Palin . After what both Democrats and Republicans said was a disjointed speech , Mo Elleithee , the Democratic National Committee 's Communications Director , simply said "  Thank you ! " in a statement .	Sarah Palin held up a Ready for Hillary magnet during her speech in Iowa on Saturday The pro-Clinton super PAC is now using that image to raise money for their efforts to urge Clinton to run for president In an email to supporters on Monday , the group offered car magnets similar to the one Palin used during her speech
Investigators say they sifted through hundreds of tips in their search for Charles Mozdir , but a phone call they got during CNN 's "  The Hunt " with John Walsh helped them crack the case . On Monday , eight days after the show first aired , the 32-year-old suspected sex offender died in a shootout in New York City as police closed in . During the show , first broadcast on July 20 , a deputy U.S. marshal fielding calls got a tip about Mozdir , accused in a 2012 California child molestation case . "  I know Mozdir . He left here 10 months ago , " the caller said , according to Supervisory Deputy U.S. Marshal Steve Jurman . The call "  really stood out , " Jurman said , "  because they mentioned that he had a dog . " The last time Mozdir had been spotted , Jurman said , his black Labrador , Lucky , was with him . The tip was the first strong lead about his whereabouts that investigators had in more than two years , but they did n't know where he 'd gone since . "  It was the newest information we had , " Jurman said . "  Our case went cold in 2012 . He was definitely living on cash , with a good fake ID . He was off our grid . " That changed Monday , when a New York police detective and two U.S. marshals entered the smoke shop in New York City where Mozdir worked . Mozdir "  fired on officers at a very close range , " New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said , and "  officers returned fire . " The officers were wounded during the shootout but are expected to recover , authorities said . He used a five-shot revolver and fired five times , a law enforcement official said . New York Police Department Detective Mario Muniz , 45 , was hit three times -- twice in a bulletproof vest and once underneath , a source briefed on the investigation said . A U.S. marshal was shot once in the leg . It 's unclear whether the second marshal was shot in the arm or the injury resulted from shrapnel and flying glass , according to the source briefed on the investigation . Mozdir had 10 bullet wounds -- six to the abdomen , two to the chest and two to the left arm , the law enforcement official said . A medical examiner will try to determine how many times he was shot ; some of the injuries could be entry and exit wounds . In addition , there is a chance that friendly fire injured one of the marshals , given the tight quarters where the shooting occurred , the law enforcement official added . Armed with a search warrant , authorities seized a number of items from Mozdir 's apartment Monday night , including a Gateway computer , an Acer laptop , a West Virginia driver 's license and prescription pills , the law enforcement official said . Mozdir had been sought by authorities since June 2012 . He had "  apparently changed his appearance from earlier times , " Bratton said , declining to provide further details on what he said was an ongoing investigation . A series of leads Walsh said that after the episode featuring Mozdir , authorities received a tip that he was working at a restaurant in Manhattan , but the information did n't pan out . After CNN re-aired Mozdir 's episode Sunday night , another tip came in that resulted in an address for him , according to Walsh . That tip led police to a woman in Florida . She gave Mozdir 's cell phone number , a senior law enforcement official said . U.S. marshals tracked the number to New York City 's West Village , a source briefed on the investigation said . Muniz and the two U.S. marshals went to the store to see if he was there . The detective entered the shop , recognized Mozdir and then left , police said . The marshals and Muniz then went back into the store to arrest him , and that 's when Mozdir opened fire , authorities said . Mozdir had changed his appearance with a beard and longer hair , an NYPD official said . While CNN 's "  The Hunt " aired Sunday , police warned that Mozdir was believed to be armed . "  Charles Mozdir owns a gun and is known to live off of the land , " police in Coronado , California , posted on Facebook last week . Mozdir had a .32 - caliber revolver with 20 spare rounds of ammunition in his pocket at the time of his death , the police commissioner said . Police are canvassing the area for video , according to a New York law enforcement source . Read more on Mozdir More on CNN 's "  The Hunt " The wounded officers , all of whom were part of a U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force , were transported to Bellevue Hospital , Bratton said . Officials said their injuries did not appear to be life-threatening and they were in stable condition . It 's likely that a bulletproof vest that Muniz was wearing saved his life , Bratton said . "  We appreciate their bravery , their strength , their decisiveness , " New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said , "  and we 're going to make sure each one of them is taken care of . " Family ` was destroyed , terrified ' Mozdir was arrested in California in 2012 after the young son of two close friends told his parents that Mozdir had touched his private parts . Mozdir was at their house , helping care for the now 7-year-old boy , who was ill with a high fever . His parents , who requested that their names not be used , immediately went to police . "  He was on the run for almost two years . And this family was destroyed , terrified that he would come back and hurt them because they had the courage to come forward and file charges against him , " Walsh said Monday . On the run from authorities , Mozdir had apparently shared with others his plan to one day kill the young boy 's father for turning him in , Walsh said . "  And now they do n't have to worry if this guy 's coming back to hurt the family or hurt their little boy . So there 's a big sigh of relief tonight that Charles Mozdir is off this planet . " After the parents ' report in 2012 , investigators in Coronado , California , executed a search warrant on Mozdir 's house and found evidence of child pornography and bestiality on his cell phone and computers , according to U.S. Marshals Service Deputy Brian Grimes . Mozdir was arrested four days after the incident and booked into the San Diego County jail before posting bail the next day . The district attorney told the couple that Mozdir had been accused in another child assault case when he was baby-sitting a young boy , who told his mother . On June 15 , 2012 , Mozdir failed to appear at his arraignment . Charges were immediately filed , and a $ 1 million arrest warrant was issued . Grimes said investigators think he took all his money and fled . Mozdir indicated that he was considering going to Mexico or Japan during one of his last phone calls . His roommate told police that Mozdir had two guns and had threatened to kill himself and kill a victim 's father . The Coronado Police Department and the U.S. Marshals Service searched for Mozdir in Georgia and California , as well as the Mexican state of Baja California . On June 20 , 2012 , Coronado police found Mozdir 's abandoned vehicle hidden in the brush outside the coastal Georgia town of Darien . The license plate had been ripped off , and there was an extra gas tank inside . A bloodhound picked up Mozdir 's scent near U.S. Highway 17 . Walsh : ` This is our first capture ' "  The Hunt , " which premiered on CNN on July 13 , aims to expose stories of ongoing criminal investigations of fugitives and expand the search internationally . On Monday , Walsh described Mozdir 's death as a "  tough ending . " "  It really reaffirms my belief that people do n't want to be vigilantes . They want to be involved and do the right thing , " he said . "  This is our first capture . I 'm very sorry that those police officers got wounded in the line of duty , " Walsh said , "  but this is one more lowlife that 's off the streets . "	Marshal says a tip during CNN 's "  The Hunt " helped investigators crack the cold case Before the tip , Charles Mozdir "  was off our grid , " an investigator says Mozdir was killed Monday in a shootout with officers in New York City Police have been looking for Mozdir since 2012
Washington  CNN  -- Fellow Democrats mounted increasing pressure Wednesday for Rep. Anthony Weiner to resign , a day after party leaders turned their backs on the liberal congressman embroiled in a "  sexting " scandal . Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Reps. Allyson Schwartz of Pennsylvania , Michael Michaud of Maine , Mike Ross of Arkansas , Niki Tsongas of Massachusetts , Larry Kissell of North Carolina and Joe Donnelly of Indiana joined a growing chorus of Democratic voices that have called for Weiner , D-New York , to step down over sexually tinged online communications with several women that he then lied about . "  Enough is enough , " Donnelly said in a statement . "  It 's time for Congressman Weiner to resign . His actions have disgraced the Congress . Everyone should be focused on jobs and the economy and his refusal to do the right thing is a distraction . " What do you think about Rep. Weiner 's confession ? In addition , Donnelly and some other Democrats have announced they were donating campaign contributions from Weiner to charity . David Axelrod , the former senior advisor to President Barack Obama now heading Obama 's re-election campaign , told CNN that he expected the situation to get resolved "  one way or another ... fairly quickly . "  I 'm sure he 's doing a lot of soul-searching , " Axelrod said of Weiner . A Democratic legislator familiar with discussions with and about Weiner told CNN that Weiner 's colleagues are telling him he should resign "  to preserve his own dignity . " The congressman , who spoke on condition of not being identified by name in order to discuss private conversations , said the public call by Schwartz was part of a stepped-up effort to force Weiner out . According to the source , the effort includes private and public calls explicitly telling him it 's time to leave Congress . "  There is increased resentment by his colleagues that far from having a press conference where he was going to tell the truth and roll with the flames , the flames are just getting worse and he 's dragging us through it , " the source said . "  We really thought by now , after the press conference , we would be able to talk about the Republicans ' Social Security privatization bill and instead we keep talking about Anthony Weiner . And people are getting angrier and more resentful . " A new explicit photograph now published on the Internet , allegedly of Weiner 's naked genitals , is the latest example of how the issue was not going away , the Democratic legislator said , adding it was unclear if Weiner would listen . "  I think he is truly conflicted and the people around him are truly conflicted , " the source said . "  Nobody knows what is going to work . " More public calls for Weiner 's resignation are expected , the source added . Also Wednesday , multiple New York Democratic sources told CNN it is highly likely Weiner 's district will be eliminated as part of next year 's redistricting process . Weiner , who is married , admitted earlier this week that he engaged in sexually tinged communications with multiple women and lied about it . The New York Times reported Wednesday that Weiner and his wife , Huma Abedin , are expecting their first child . Philippe Reines , a colleague and friend of Abedin , responded "  no comment " when asked about the pregnancy report . Weiner 's admission Monday launched calls from Republicans and then an increasing number of Democrats for him to step aside . "  It would be fine with me , " Pryor said Wednesday . "  I think at this point it would probably be a good thing if he would go ahead and resign . " Former Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine said Tuesday that Weiner 's attempted cover-up of the scandal makes him unfit for office . "  Lying is unforgivable , " said Kaine , now a U.S. Senate candidate in Virginia . "  Lying publicly about something like this is unforgivable and he should resign . " While other Democrats have n't explicitly called on Weiner to step down , they have done little to demonstrate any support for him . "  Representative Weiner has some problems , " Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the Senate 's No. 2 Democrat , told reporters Wednesday . "  I wish there was some way I could defend him , but I ca n't , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Tuesday . Asked what he would say if Weiner sought advice , Reid smiled and responded : "  I 'd tell him to call someone else . " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , who called for an ethics investigation Monday , released a letter Tuesday detailing her formal request for the inquiry . Pelosi 's letter "  certainly adds pressure for him to go , " said a senior Democratic aide , who spoke on condition of not being identified . Weiner , who has said he would welcome an ethics probe , publicly apologized Monday for sending flirtatious messages and images on Facebook and Twitter to six women over the past three years and then denying it for a week . Over the past three days , he has been reaching out to a number of colleagues and supporters , according to one source . Among other things , Weiner called former President Bill Clinton -- who officiated at his wedding ceremony -- to personally express regret for his actions . According to a Democratic congressman who got one of the calls , Weiner was "  very contrite " and said he "  let everyone down . " The legislator , speaking on condition of not being named because it was a private conversation , said Weiner was so choked up he could "  barely get the words out , " and told him that he was going to "  get some help . " Wednesday 's publication online of the explicit photo that a conservative blogger claims shows Weiner 's genitals was the latest twist in the scandal . Andrew Breitbart , whose biggovernment.com website broke the story of Weiner 's sexting , said the photo came from a woman who told him Weiner sent it to her . Weiner acknowledged Monday that such an X-rated photo of him could exist . Also Wednesday , one of the women with whom Weiner communicated online said the congressman initiated sexual exchanges . "  I would want to talk politics . But he would turn it creepy , " Lisa Weiss , a 40-year-old blackjack dealer from Las Vegas , told CBS ' "  Inside Edition . " Weiss said she believes Weiner has "  a weird fetish , " but that "  it does n't make him a bad politician ... or a bad congressman . It makes him a bad husband . " Asked what she 'd say to Weiner 's wife , Weiss said : "  I want to apologize . I should not have been flirting with her husband . " An ethics investigation would examine if Weiner violated House rules or brought the chamber into disrepute . The code of conduct for members of Congress calls for them to conduct themselves "  at all times in a manner that shall reflect creditably on the House . " However , ethics experts say legislators are rarely , if ever , disciplined for violating that rule alone . Using government technology such as telephones and computers for his sexting could be another story . Weiner said Monday he used his personal BlackBerry and home computer , but added : "  I do n't have the knowledge of every last communication , but I do n't believe that I used any government resources . " Even if he did , that does n't automatically subject him to House discipline , said Stan Brand , a former House general counsel who has represented legislators before the ethics panel . Members of Congress sometimes use official resources for nongovernment activities , Brand noted , adding that "  the House has never taken a position or disciplined someone for that use . " Back in Weiner 's district -- which straddles Brooklyn and Queens -- voters were divided over what the congressman should do . Some constituents said he should "  never resign , " while others called for his immediate ouster . Weiner was first elected to Congress in 1998 and has won seven straight elections . Whether or not Weiner retains the support of most of his constituents , many analysts believe he has almost certainly lost his spot as a front-runner in New York 's 2013 mayoral election . In addition , multiple New York Democratic sources told CNN on Wednesday they believe it is highly likely Weiner will ultimately lose his congressional district as part of a redistricting deal . New York will lose two of its 29 U.S. House seats by 2012 due to recent U.S. Census results . Before news broke of the Weiner scandal , most New York state government observers believed one Republican seat upstate would be lost along with one Democratic seat downstate . The fact that Weiner is now tarnished makes it extremely likely his seat will be the one that Democrats sacrifice , the sources said . Two of the sources -- both Democratic strategists in New York -- said the impending redistricting is one reason New York Democrats are n't rushing to call on Weiner to resign . Many believe it is better for them if he stays because it makes it more likely that his district will be eliminated instead of theirs , the sources noted . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Peter Hamby , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Mary Snow , Meghan Rafferty , Josh Levs and Kate Bolduan contributed to this story .	NEW : Democratic colleague says contrite Weiner called to apologize More Democrats join call for Weiner to resign An explicit photo claimed to be of Weiner is posted online Sources say Weiner 's district will likely be eliminated in the redistricting process
Veteran news producer and former NBC Universal chief Jeff Zucker will become the president of CNN Worldwide in January , the network announced Thursday . "  Jeff 's experience as a news executive is unmatched for its breadth and success , " said Phil Kent , chairman and CEO of Turner Broadcasting System , CNN 's parent company . "  In a career that has seen significant professional success in both broadcast and cable , Jeff has demonstrated his ability to run multiple lines of business and fiercely defend journalists and journalism . " Zucker succeeds Jim Walton , who has headed CNN Worldwide since 2003 . As president , Zucker will oversee 23 branded news and information businesses , including CNN 's U.S. television network , CNN International , HLN and CNN Digital . The latter includes CNN.com , one of the world 's leading news websites . "  I am thrilled to join the distinguished team of journalists across the worldwide platforms of CNN , " Zucker said in a statement . "  The global reach and scale of the CNN brand is unparalleled in all of news . Outside of my family and the Miami Dolphins , there is nothing I am as passionate about as journalism . " His first challenge is likely to be turning around CNN/US television ratings , which have been declining in recent years . Zucker , who had most recently produced Katie Couric 's new daytime talk show , had been widely rumored to be in line for the position . It 's been that kind of whirlwind life for Zucker , who has had a rocket-like rise in the news and entertainment business . Zucker , who was born and raised in the Miami area , started his professional career as a researcher for NBC 's Olympics operation in 1986 . Within three years he was a producer for the "  Today " show ; three years after that , in 1992 , he became its executive producer at age 26 . He helped propel the morning show to the No. 1 position , which it consistently held through the rest of his tenure . In 2000 he was promoted to the head of NBC Entertainment -- essentially the network 's programming chief -- and followed that with continued ascensions until becoming head of NBC Universal in 2007 , overseeing the broadcast network including its news division and all its cable entities , such as MSNBC , CNBC and Bravo . Zucker had his struggles during his latter years at NBC , with the broadcast network falling into fourth place in the ratings and a much-publicized controversy over late-night programming involving Conan O'Brien and Jay Leno . Nevertheless , his news judgment and leadership made the "  Today " show the most profitable show on television . Zucker 's portfolio will include all CNN networks and digital properties . The original 24-hour news network , CNN has the greatest reach of any domestic news network . The CNN brand on television extends to 100 million households in the United States and 265 million households abroad , with significant online and mobile reach and a global newsgathering network with 45 locations .	Jeff Zucker to become new head of CNN Worldwide Zucker is a news and programming veteran who rose to head of NBC Universal While producer of NBC 's "  Today " show , helped make it No. 1 Zucker is "  passionate " about journalism
CNN  -- As the Passaic River in New Jersey threatened to crest to dangerously high levels Tuesday , residents continued to battle the floodwaters that have forced thousands of people to relocate , authorities said . Search and rescue teams are combing through Passaic County , evacuating residents who are still stuck inside their flood-ravaged homes in the wake of Hurricane Irene , said Edward O'Connell , a spokesman for the county 's Office of Emergency Management . About 1,700 residents have been evacuated from their homes in Wayne , Towa , Little Falls , Paterson and Woodland Park communities , said O'Connell . Many more left their homes on their own over the weekend , he added . Rescuers are pulling families and pets alike from their homes and using rafts to transport them down the county 's flooded roads . Evacuees are being transferred to several area shelters or taken to the homes of family members living on higher ground . "  It 's been pretty much 24 hours a day , " said Sgt. Alex Popov of the Paterson , New Jersey , Police Department . Popov estimated that about 500 people had been rescued from their homes in Paterson . "  We 're dealing with elderly people , families , small children and pets , " he explained . Forecasters have predicted that the Passaic River , which runs through the southern tip of the county , will swell to a level that is double what is considered to be a "  flood stage " in some areas . "  They are expecting it to crest sometime today and the other rivers will be rising a little bit as well , " O'Connell said . "  Hopefully it will crest soon and we can assess the damages , " he added . CNN 's Katie Silver and Rachel Garrett contributed to this report	The Passaic River is expected to crest at double the flood level , officials say Crews are trying to rescue people stranded in their homes Hurricane Irene made landfall in New Jersey Sunday
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The number of homicides in New York City rose about four percent in 2008 compared with the previous year , preliminary figures from the city 's police department showed . There were 516 homicides in New York City in 2008 , according to preliminary police figures . The NYPD 's CompStat data showed 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 . That 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when 2,262 homicides earned New York the title of "  murder capital " of the nation . Though the figures are subject to change , the 2008 tally also represents a drop from the 596 homicides investigated in New York in 2006 . The NYPD , which began compiling the report in 1963 , cited its Operation Impact as a chief reason for the improvement in recent years . The operation places more uniformed officers in concentrated areas where crime rates are high , the NYPD said .	There were 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 That 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when there were 2,262 homicides The NYPD cites its Operation Impact as a chief reason for the improvement The operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are high
North Korea said Thursday that it plans to carry out a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it said are a part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . The North 's National Defense Commission said the moves would feed into an "  upcoming all-out action " that would target the United States , "  the sworn enemy of the Korean people . " Carried by the state media , the comments are the latest defiant flourish from the reclusive North Korean regime , whose young leader , Kim Jong Un , has upheld his father 's policy of pursuing a military deterrent and shrugging off international pressure . U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said Thursday there are no "  outward indications " that North Korea is about to conduct a nuclear test , but he admitted it would be hard to determine that in advance . "  They have the capability , frankly , to conduct these tests in a way that makes it very difficult to determine whether or not they are doing it , " he said in a Pentagon press conference . "  We are very concerned with North Korea 's continuing provocative behavior , " Panetta said , but he added that the United States is "  fully prepared " to deal with any provocations . Read more : U.N. Security Council slams North Korea , expands sanctions North Korea 's statement followed a U.N. Security Council resolution submitted by the United States and approved Tuesday that condemned a recent rocket launch by the North and expanded existing sanctions . Pyongyang 's threatening statement "  should have been the expected outcome " from the U.N. decision , said Daniel Pinkston , senior analyst for the International Crisis Group covering Northeast Asia . "  I think they are completely outraged and insulted by it , " he said . North Korea 's statement prompted France and Great Britain to express exasperation with the secretive regime . Britain 's mission to the United Nations called on North Korean leaders to "  refrain from further provocation . " France said it "  deplores " North Korea 's statement , telling its leaders that they need not to threaten , but instead to work toward dismantling their nuclear and missile programs . Read more : North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch In addition to Panetta 's statement , the United States added sanctions against more North Korean bank officials and a business linked to the regime 's nuclear weapons program . The Treasury Department announcement targets two Beijing-based representatives of Tanchon Commercial Bank and a company -- Leader  Hong Kong  International Trading Limited -- that the U.S. government says shipped machinery and equipment in support of North Korea 's nuclear program . The organizations are "  part of the web of banks , front companies and government agencies that support North Korea 's continued proliferation activities , " said Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen . Read more : N. Korea 's launch causes worries about nukes , Iran and the Pacific "  By continuing to expose these entities , and the individuals who assist them , we degrade North Korea 's ability to use the international financial system for its illicit purposes , " he said . North Korea , which often issues bellicose statements in its state media , said Thursday that it rejects all Security Council resolutions concerning it , describing the most recent resolution as "  the most dangerous phase of the hostile policy " toward it . Read more : U.S. official : North Korea likely deceived U.S. , allies before launching rocket Analyst : Threat meant as a deterrence The threats toward the United States , a constant theme in the North 's propaganda , have more to do with deterrence than a desire for full conflict , Pinkston said . "  I do n't believe they have the capability , the intention or the will to invade or destroy the United States , " he said . "  They wish to deter interference from the U.S. or any outside powers . " Read more : North Korea 's rocket launches cost $ 1.3 billion North Korea 's successful rocket launch last month nonetheless changed the strategic calculations for the United States , showing that the North 's missile program is advancing despite an array of heavy sanctions imposed on it . Analysts say it still has a lot of work to do to master the technology necessary to mount a nuclear warhead on a missile or accurately target it . At the same time , Pyongyang has been hinting for a while that a new nuclear test could be in the cards . Read more : South Korean officials : North Korean rocket could hit U.S. mainland Just before the North sent out its latest hostile statement Thursday , a U.S. State Department official was telling reporters in Seoul that Washington hoped Pyongyang would n't go ahead . "  We think that that would be a mistake , obviously , " said Glyn Davies , the U.S. special envoy on North Korea . "  We call on North Korea , as does the entire international community , not to engage in any further provocations . " North Korea has carried out two previous nuclear tests , in 2006 and 2009 , both of which were condemned by the United Nations . Read more : Huge crowds gather in North Korean capital to celebrate rocket launch Pyongyang did n't say Thursday when exactly it would carry out a third test , but it could happen "  at any time , " according to Pinkston . He said it is hard for anybody outside the North Korean nuclear sector to know whether the country is technically ready to carry out the test , but that politically , "  it seems an appropriate time . " Demands unlikely to sway North South Korean defense officials said last year that they believed the North was in a position to carry out a new test whenever leaders in Pyongyang gave the green light . North Korea 's nuclear program is "  an element of threat to peace not only for Northeast Asia but also for the world , " Park Soo-jin , deputy spokeswoman for the South Korean Unification Ministry , said Thursday . "  North Korea should immediately stop its nuclear test and other provocation and should choose a different path by cooperating with the international community , " Park said . That appears unlikely at this stage , though . After a failed long-range rocket launch in April , North Korea ignored international condemnation and carried out a second attempt last month . That one succeeded in putting a satellite in orbit , Pyongyang 's stated objective . But the launch was widely considered to be a test of ballistic missile technology . And it remains unclear whether the satellite , which the North insists is for peaceful purposes , is functional . Both North Korea 's previous nuclear tests took place weeks or months after long-range rocket launches . Those tests were carried out under the rule Kim Jong Il , the deceased father of the current leader , and the man who channeled huge amounts of money into North Korea 's nuclear and missile development programs . Kim Jong Il died in December 2011 after 17 years in power , during which the North Korean people became increasingly impoverished and malnourished . Economically , the country relies heavily on trade with its major ally , China . China , which voted in favor of the U.N. Security Council resolution this week , appealed for calm on Thursday . Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lei urged North Korea and the West to "  keep calm , remain cautious and refrain from any action that might escalate the situation in the region . " The office of the South Korean president-elect , Park Geun-hye , said Friday that she would soon send a delegation to visit the United States . "  Issues of common interest will be discussed , " said Yoon Chang-jung , a spokesman for Park , without specifying whether that included North Korea . Read more : For the U.N. and North Korea : Game on	U.S. secretary of defense says predicting a North Korean test is difficult Pyongyang says it plans a new nuclear test and further long-range rocket launches It vows an "  all-out action " against the United States , which it calls its "  sworn enemy " North Korea is upset by a recent U.N. Security Council resolution , an analyst says
Gleneagles , Scotland .  CNN  -- Try as it might , Team USA could n't pull off its own miracle , having suffered the ultimate Ryder Cup indignity two years ago at Medinah in Chicago when leading 10-6 going into Sunday . Led by its talisman Rory McIlroy -- the world number one -- Europe saw off a brave challenge from those in red to retain the trophy by a ultimately comfortable margin of 16 1/2 -11 1/2 . It was the continent 's third straight victory , its sixth in the last seven and one that provoked searching questions for United States captain Tom Watson , not least from his star player Phil Mickelson . But "  Lefty " is also facing some questions after he was accused of throwing his "  captain right under the bus , " by former European skipper Nick Faldo . Watson 's European counterpart Paul McGinley will be subject to no such inquisition , universally lauded by his players and serenaded by a vibrant Scottish crowd once his triumph was rubber-stamped . Rookie triumphs Rookie Jamie Donaldson secured the clinching point by beating Keegan Bradley , and was promptly enveloped on the 15th green by cameramen , photographers and his wife , not to mention a jubilant European team . "  I ca n't really put it into words , " Donaldson , from Wales , said . "  It 's unbelievable . There is nothing like it in golf . The Ryder Cup is just a total one off and it 's amazing to be a part of it . " Before him Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell had overturned a three-hole deficit to topple rookie Jordan Spieth 2 & 1 while McIlroy 's 5 & 4 takedown of Rickie Fowler had a brutal edge to it . "  Early in the match , the trending was exactly where we wanted it to go , " Watson told reporters . "  We had a lot of red scored up there . The players responded early , we just could n't keep it going . "  The bottom line is they kicked our butts . They were better players this week . " Mickelson speaks out Watson was then forced to defend his own methods during a tense press conference after thinly veiled criticism from Mickelson , the five-time major champion , who has won on just two of his ten Ryder Cup appearances . The last of those came in 2008 and ` Lefty ' praised the approach of then captain Paul Azinger , who he said had involved the players in his decision making process and formulated a "  real game plan . " Watson responded by saying : "  Phil  has a difference of opinion . That 's okay . My management philosophy is different than his . I had a different philosophy than Paul . I decided not to go that way . " Mickelson 's comments drew withering criticism from former PGA Tour player and Golf Channel analyst Brandel Chamblee , who labeled the five-timer major winner as a golfer who had "  corrupted the experience of the Ryder Cup . " Chamblee added : "  That was as close to a one-man mutiny as I ever seen . " There was no such acrimony in the European press conference , Donaldson being spirited into it on the back of Thomas Bjorn , which was punctuated by the regular sound of champagne corks popping . Asked to describe his sense of achievement , McGinley said : "  Proud is the first word . I want to say as captain it has been a real honor to get these 12 players , they have all been Colossus . " Foursomes dominance In truth , McGinley 's men had wrested the Ryder Cup decisively away from the United States on Saturday afternoon , thanks to a dominant European performance in the foursomes . And while both camps paid lip service to the miracle possibility before taking to the fairways on Sunday , there would be no second successive seismic turnaround . The jubilant air around Gleneagles confirmed that few in blue considered an upset feasible , 2010 U.S. Open champion McDowell roared off by a crowd that had been entertaining themselves in song long before the first ball had been addressed . For several hours the first tee box was the epicenter of world golf , 18-time major champion Jack Nicklaus and former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson -- the most successful manager in the history of English soccer -- both present . Unlikely prospect And though the task was tall , the United States requiring eight-and-a-half points to pull off an unlikely victory , a few hours into the contest it led in five matches . Heeding Watson 's call to "  smoke 'em early " , Spieth raced into a three-hole lead over McDowell , the 2010 U.S. Open champion from Northern Ireland . Behind him , the other standout U.S. rookie , Patrick Reed , also advanced into an early lead over Sweden 's Henrik Stenson . Hunter Mahan , who succumbed in the crucial match at the climax of the 2010 Ryder Cup , birdied four of the opening six holes to seize the initiative in his clash with Justin Rose , from England . But as he had promised prior to the competition , four-time major winner McIlroy proved he was the fulcrum in Europe 's engine-room . Birdie burst Five birdies in six holes took him five clear of Rickie Fowler , and in effect , sealed the outcome of their tussle before they had even reached the ninth hole . For an hour or so , that lone sliver of blue on the leaderboard was engulfed by red . Slowly , the tide began to turn . Martin Kaymer , the reigning U.S. Open champion from Germany , took advantage of a wayward opening from Bubba Watson , the two-time Masters champion . Sergio Garcia and Ian Poulter forged ahead in the early stages of their matches , while Stenson was chewing away at the lead of Reed . But the top match was symptomatic of U.S. fortunes , as McDowell recovered from his stuttering start and stealthily set about hauling in Spieth . Trailing by three going down the tenth , the man who had been serenaded by European fans with with a chorus of "  You 've got Big Mac , we 've got G-Mac , " before teeing off , found his stride . Inspired play An inspired stretch of four birdies , acquired through a combination of formidable iron play and accurate putting , meant a symbolic switch from red to blue at the top of the leaderboard . It galvanized those behind him . Rose now roared back with four straight birdies of his own and ended with half a point against Mahan . Roars populated the course as the majority of the 40,000-strong crowd grew in energy and belief , fans glued to the big screens when there was no action to be seen in front of them . McDowell ended Spieth 's challenge on the 17th , and though Reed won the last to see off Stenson , Kaymer 's chip-in in front of huge crowds on 16 sealed another point . Mickelson carved out a win over home favorite Stephen Gallacher , while Matt Kuchar holed out from 160 yards on his way to a comprehensive win over Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn . But further down the leaderboard , Donaldson had assumed complete control of his battle with Keegan Bradley , the 2011 U.S. PGA Champion . Crowds gathered As it became clear the Welshman was most likely to be the one to retain the trophy , crowds scampered up to the 14th green and jostled for position as Donaldson stood over his ball . Though that one did n't drop , but glory was n't far away . A pitch perfect iron shot on the next hole landed barely two feet from the cup and once Bradley got down to the green he conceded . Following that decisive moment , Spain 's Sergio Garcia broke down on the 17th green after beating Jim Furyk , Ian Poulter and Webb Simpson halved their match , while rookie Jimmy Walker got the better of Lee Westwood to win another point for USA . It was left to Zach Johnson to strike the final blow of the 2014 Ryder Cup as he holed out to secure a half from French rookie Victor Dubuisson . With handshakes exchanged , Dubuisson was engulfed by his teammates , as a sea of champagne spray kickstarted a European party that is set to endure for another two years at least .	Europe retains the Ryder Cup Jamie Donaldson secures the winning point against United States at Gleneagles U.S. mounts fightback in singles after trailing 10-6 overnight Crucial Europe wins for Rory McIlroy , Graeme McDowell and Martin Kaymer
CNN  -- Diego Milito scored two second half goals as Inter brought an abrupt end to Juventus ' 49-match unbeaten run in Serie A with a 3-1 win in Turin Saturday . The Argentina international striker snapped his goal drought against Juve with a coolly taken penalty and then scored the second when Gianlugi Buffon could only parry out a shot by substitute Freddy Guarin . Rodrigo Palacio grabbed a late cinching third to leave Juve stunned after the home side had taken the lead straight from the kick off through Chilean Arturo Vidal . They maintained the advantage and might have added to it during a high-quality first half , but Inter stepped up their game after the break . They have moved to within a point of Juventus at the top of the Italian standings with the pivotal victory . Juve 's Angelo Alessio , standing in for Antonio Conte while the coach sits out a lengthy touchline ban , was left disappointed by their defeat . "  Unfortunately we lost after 49 games , but Inter took their chances and we did n't . It does n't matter that it was Inter who did this -- we played well and had several chances to double our lead in the first half , " he told Sky Sport Italia . Barcelona stayed on top of La Liga with a hard-fought 3-1 win over Celta Vigo in the Camp Nou to take their record to nine victories and a draw , their best start to a Spanish season . Adriano Correia put Barca ahead after 21 minutes before Mario Bermejo quickly leveled for the visitors . David Villa quickly restored the lead for the leaders and a Jordi Alba goal secured the three points in the second half . Barcelona 's arch-rivals and reigning champions Real Madrid kept pace with a 4-0 win over Real Zaragoza but they remained eight points adrift of the leaders . Gonzalo Higuain and Angel Maria struck within two minutes in the first half with Michael Essien and Luka Modric adding late efforts after the break . Second-placed Atletico Madrid lost 2-0 to Valencia in the late game to fall three points behind Barca . Roberto Soldado and Nelson Valdez scored the goals to inflict a first defeat of the season on Atletico . In the Bundesliga , Bayern Munich increased their advantage to seven points with a 3-0 win at Hamburg while second-placed Schalke 04 suffered a shock 3-2 defeat at Hoffenheim . Bayern were coming off their shock 2-1 home defeat to Bayer Leverkusen last Sunday but showed no ill effects as Germany midfielders Bastian Schweinsteiger , Thomas Mueller and Toni Kroos all scored in an easy victory . Schalke looked to have salvaged a point when Japan international defender Atsuto Uchida grabbed a late equalizer to make it 2-2 , but substitute Sven Schipplock struck for the home side in the first minute of added time to sink the Royal Blues . Eintracht Frankfurt remained third after their 1-1 draw with Guerth Fuerth Friday while defending champions Borussia Dortmund stayed fourth after they were held to a goalless draw by VfB Stuttgart . Dortmund captain Sebastian Kehl is an injury doubt for Tuesday 's key Champions League clash at Real Madrid after he broke his nose . .	Inter Milan beat Juventus 3-1 in Turin to end home side 's unbeaten run Diego Milito 's second half double sinks league leaders Juve Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 3-1 to stay top in Spain Bayern Munich stretch Bundesliga lead to seven points
CNN  -- If you want a snapshot of the challenges facing newspapers , you should have been with me at the exhibition area at the SXSW Interactive gathering in Austin , Texas , a few days ago . The New York Times had set up a booth , with hundreds of other companies , and a woman was hawking print and digital subscriptions . A man shuffled by and she made her pitch : You must read the Times , how about subscribe ? The man shrugged and said no thanks , but admitted he did read Times stories online . The woman pressed on , a bit sharper : Wait , you read the Times but wo n't pay ? You know how good it is . The man did not slow his pace ; he said he read the Times ' stories not at NYTimes.com or on a Times app , but on the Huffington Post and other aggregators . The look on the woman 's face was one of disgust . The Times umbrellas and others goodies for those who did sign just lay there . The man moved on . To its credit , the New York Times is having success with its digital subscription model -- total digital subs are up over a year ago and the Gray Lady even saw a bump in newspaper subscriptions because of the way it had bundled its digital offer . The newspaper industry is declining faster than any other industry in the United States , according to a report released last week from the Council of Economic Advisers . The best papers in the country are bleeding red ; skilled editors , reporters , photographers and ad people are being let go to balance the books and please creditors . So what ? Well , as millions of people grow suspicious of government on one side , or Wall Street on the other , the news media is about the only place left that can consistently hold institutions accountable . You do n't have a news business without people to gather it . As the paper side collapses it 's taking the news side with it . What happened ? The loss of classifieds to the Internet , an investment community that played these institutions like poker chips and left choking debt in the wake , owners without an honest commitment to independent news in a democratic society , and newspapers themselves that were slow as readers flocked to the Web . I grew up reading the Wilmington News Journal and New York Daily News and as an adult had a front row seat as papers and print publications struggled with all things digital : platforms , technology , audience trends and revenue . Newspapers need to succeed in five broad areas if they have a hope of saving the news : First , newspapers are losing their connection to enough readers to stay in business . Papers did not keep up as attention spans shifted and younger readers failed to develop a news reading habit . NPR 's new CEO Gary Knell told an industry group last week that no one under 30 has read a paper , and they never will . The noble and necessary work of covering , investigating and following stories goes on , but papers are slow to meet readers where they live . The commuter-friendly tabloid became a habit for generations of readers . It was the right format for readers crammed onto buses and subways . The lesson : Convenience is one key to connection and news habits . Authenticity is another factor  ask a Pete Hamill  . As a young reporter I grabbed the Philadelphia Daily News first because its voice captured the street sense of the city in a way that the excellent Inquirer never truly could . Second , newspapers do a rotten job explaining why they matter . Yes , they make the case every day in what they cover . But they need to share what they do , how they do it , why they do it , and show the difference they make . The Las Vegas Sun , in its investigation of appallingly negligent hospital care two years ago , showed how to explain the process to readers . Openness increases credibility . Papers also need to explain why professional newsrooms exist plus carve out a space for readers to have a meaningful role . The website Talkingpointsmemo.com has conducted groundbreaking investigations by relying on and trusting its readers . The site , and others , show that crowd sourcing works . There is a role for bloggers , readers and social media if it is done smartly . Next , the move to mobile . From phones to tablets , this is the most exciting development of a new medium since the Web itself . It is n't just that newspapers need apps or a presence on these devices , it 's what they should be doing with them . Far beyond repurposing news , this is a whole new chance to engage readers , curate the best coverage and display and explain news in new ways . I saw some compelling examples at SXSW that give me hope . The business side of the newspaper business remains a mess . Ad revenue continues leaking from the print side , and the digital side is taking a long , slow time to make up the difference . The days are long gone when all content can be locked behind a pay wall , as much as some wish . That does n't mean news has to be free even if it is freely available . Licensing of content still makes sense . Limited pay wall models , like The Times ' , clearly show promise . Finally , the biggest barrier to newspapers ' future is that guy who walked by The New York Times table and shrugged . The problem is us , the reader . Public media , my profession , asks listeners and viewers to pay part of the cost . Some do ; at least in large enough volumes to keep it going and  pretty much  healthy . I 'm not suggesting this will work for newspapers ; but we need people like you and me to value the news we read anywhere and also accept that we have to pick up the tab . The stakes are much bigger than a free umbrella . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Barth .	Study shows newspaper industry is declining faster than any other U.S. industry John Barth blames loss of ads to Internet , greedy investment firms , diluted news commitment He says papers need to connect to readers , be authentic , be creative on Web , platforms Readers need to realize , he says , they must pick up part of the tab for their news
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Do n't let Jack Johnson fool you . Jack Johnson makes sure his business and his concert venues are environmentally friendly . Tabbed as a "  mellow rocker " by perhaps one too many publications , the chart-topping singer-songwriter has a fire within that belies his laid-back manner -- a fire that extends to his company , Brushfire Records , and his environmental activism . Johnson started the record label in 2002 "  as a way to put out soundtracks for surf movies we were making , " he says . "  Then our friends G. Love and Special Sauce were coming to the end of their record deal with another label , and the idea came up to put out their stuff . " The Hawaii-based artist -- whose latest album "  Sleep Through the Static " hit No. 1 in the U.S. and sold over 2 million albums worldwide -- has continued to assemble talent . The label 's roster now includes indie-rockers Rogue Wave , folk-pop musician Mason Jennings and keyboardist Money Mark . Johnson says the record label is not driven by dollar signs . "  We never try to talk anybody into joining the label , but we just offer a lot of creative control over all their music and a fairer deal than with most other labels , " he explains . Watch Johnson , Zach Gill and Money Mark perform "  Hope " " Rogue Wave frontman Zach Schwartz is one of the converts . "  The music business is traditionally pretty cutthroat , nasty and evil , but -LSB- with Brushfire -RSB- , it is not that way , " he tells CNN . "  You can make the music you want to make . " Still , even in these major-label-dominated times , artist-friendly labels are n't unusual ; Dave Matthews has also attracted talent with his ATO Records . It 's in making Brushfire a model of green business that Johnson and his colleagues have stood out . As keen environmentalists , Johnson and his team have required Brushfire and its distributors to engage in earth-friendly implementations that have influenced others in the record business . "  The music is one thing , but there is this business side , " says Zach Gill , a Brushfire solo artist and member of Johnson 's touring band . "  I think more and more businesses are saying , ` Yeah , we want to be responsible . Responsible to our employees . Responsible for the waste our company generates . ' We 're starting to see that a lot in all kinds of businesses , not just in music , " he says . Watch Gill and Johnson perform "  Family " " Entertainment industry giant Universal Music Group -- the largest family of record labels in the recording industry -- has taken notice . Under Brushfire 's direction , UMG uses recycled stock on all of the packaging for its releases , including movies , ensuring that the paper is as environmentally friendly as possible . Some is even made using wind power . Moreover , Brushfire 's artists have exerted their eco-influence on venues and promoters for concert tours worldwide . The tour rider , a checklist of artists ' requirements at each venue , usually consists of specific brands of beer or  in one case involving Jennifer Lopez  the way the coffee is stirred . Brushfire uses an EnviroRider , a handbook of eco-friendly options and actions for various components of concert tour production . "  It gets augmented every year . What started out as suggestions are now becoming requirements -LSB- for us to play at a venue -RSB- , " says Johnson . Johnson and his management also created All At Once , a social action network that provides tools and information to people who want to become more involved in their community and worldwide . Visitors to the All At Once area at tour venues will be rewarded with exclusive music downloads by their favorite Brushfire artists . Johnson 's charity , Ohana Charitable Foundation , will match any donation  up to $ 2,500  to nonprofits made by fans at the shows or online . "  We shrink our carbon footprint always , but we have all these nonprofit groups that we all work with , " says Johnson . "  Money from the shows goes to these groups and helps bolster their memberships so that after we leave the town , these groups can continue to do good things . So more than just lessening our negative -LSB- environmental -RSB- impact , it 's actually leaving a positive impact -LSB- wherever we tour -RSB- , " says Johnson . Additional actions taken by Brushfire tours will include fueling tour vehicles with sustainable biodiesel , offering eco-friendly merchandise , working with venues to create waste management programs , onsite recycling and encouraging fans to use alternative transportation . Back at home , Brushfire has adopted a similar strategy . All the power for the recording studios and the offices is generated by solar panels . Insulation is supplied by cotton from scraps of blue jeans . Energy-efficient lighting runs throughout the building . Second-hand furniture is all you will find in its offices . The mission resonates with the other artists on the label 's roster . "  For me , it 's so great to be a part of the label because so many people provide information about what we can do to make it better -- touring more efficiently , biodiesel -- stuff like that , " says Jennings . "  I 'm learning a ton being around those guys . " At bottom , the atmosphere of collaboration and common purpose is rooted in the shared love of music , says Gill . "  Music is the great synchronizer . They 've become quite a wonderful community to be a part of . I feel grateful to Jack for having the idea to bring together all these like-minded people to make music together , " he says . Johnson agrees . "  It 's everything . It is the whole reason to play music . I learn so much from playing with these other musicians , " he says .	Jack Johnson has artist-friendly record label , Brushfire Records Johnson also puts green interests at forefront Singer-songwriter 's new album is "  Sleep Through the Static "
NASSAU , Bahamas  CNN  -- Videotapes secretly recorded by John Travolta 's attorney were played Monday at the trial of two people accused of trying to extort millions of dollars from the actor after his son died in the Bahamas in January . Two people in the Bahamas stand accused of trying to extort millions from actor John Travolta . The videotapes showed what Travolta 's attorney said were negotiations between himself and one of the defendants , with discussions centering on a document the suspects claimed could reflect unfavorably on Travolta 's actions after his son was found unconscious . Defendants Tarino Lightbourne , a paramedic , and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater are on trial on charges they plotted to extort $ 25 million from Travolta after 16-year-old Jett Travolta died from a seizure . Travolta attorney Michael McDermott testified Monday that he assisted police in a sting . As the videotape was played Monday , McDermott described it as depicting a meeting in a hotel room between himself and Bridgewater , who said she represented Lightbourne . Bahamian police had placed wireless microphones on McDermott and hidden two cameras in the room , McDermott said . Defense attorneys have attempted to convince the jury that Travolta 's attorney came to the Bahamas to "  set up " their clients . Murrio Ducille , who represents Bridgewater , on Friday said to Travolta 's attorney , "  you came to the island with evil in your heart . " Earlier in the trial , Travolta testified that his son was found unresponsive by a nanny at their home on Grand Bahama Island , where the family was spending their New Year 's holiday . Travolta said he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked and where Travolta , who is a pilot , planned to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in nearby Freeport . The paramedic , however , asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified last week . Travolta said that while he and his wife were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to divert to the hospital . At the hospital , the actor was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . Watch report from CNN 's John Couwels in the Bahamas " It is that release document that would-be extortionists hoped to use against Travolta , threatening to give it to the media if they were not paid , according to Travolta 's attorneys . Travolta testified last week that he learned of a demand for $ 25 million or "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press ... The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow . " The trial is expected to last through next week . John Travolta and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , are not expect back in court .	Two accused of trying to extort millions from actor after son Jett died in Bahamas Travolta attorney Michael McDermott testifies he assisted police in a sting Defense argues McDermott tried to "  set up " their clients with secret recording McDermott testifies video shows him meeting with one of the defendants
Washington  CNN  -- Following criticism for including ISIS footage of an American captive in an Arizona campaign ad , GOP House candidate Wendy Rogers ' campaign has edited the segment out of the ad -- but is standing by its contention that the incumbent Democrat is soft on terrorism . Rogers , a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel , launched the attack ad against freshman Rep. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona 's 9th District . In a statement defending the message in the ad , Rogers campaign spokesman James Harris said that the ad was edited to keep the focus on Sinema 's voting record on national security . "  She must explain why she voted for terrorists to be tried on American soil , where they could pose an even greater danger to our homeland , and how she justified voting to give constitutional rights to those intent on destroying our nation , " Rogers said in a statement . Obama 's commitment to fighting ISIS threat questioned The ad first went up on YouTube on Monday , drawing immediate criticism from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . The new version was published Tuesday night . The original footage showed American journalist James Foley on his knees as an ISIS militant , dressed in all black , swings a knife close to Foley 's side . The edited version cut the scene altogether , showing instead several ISIS militants walking in a group with guns in hand . ISIS Fast Facts While Sinema 's campaign did not immediately return CNN 's request for comment , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee 's western regional press spokesman , Tyrone Gayle , told ABC News via email : "  For Wendy Rogers to use such a reprehensible tactic to make baseless claims just to smear Representative Sinema proves how desperate her campaign has become . " Rogers apparently is the first candidate to use ISIS video footage in a campaign ad . New Mexico Republican candidate Allen Weh showed a still frame of Foley 's executioner with knife in hand in an ad against Sen. Tom Udall back in August . Foley himself was cropped out of the frame . Foley killer featured in Republican ad According to a CBS News/New York Times poll in September , a majority of Americans said they thought a terrorist attack is likely , with 17 percent saying that terrorism is one of the most important issues to them weeks going into the midterms . The anatomy of ISIS : How the ` Islamic State ' is run , from oil to beheadings	Republican congressional candidate 's ad had ISIS footage of American captive The footage is removed following criticism by Democrats The ad by challenger Wendy Rogers claims that Rep. Kyrsten Sinema is soft on terrorism Rogers ' campaign stands by the ad 's message
CNN  -- Through some highly successful crowdfunding and skillful negotiation , the last remaining laboratory of futurist inventor Nikola Tesla is now in the hands of a nonprofit group that wants to preserve the site and make it a museum honoring "  the father of the electric age . " The Tesla Science Center announced that it 's completed the purchase of the building and land of Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham , New York , after trying for more than 18 years . The original asking price was $ 1.6 million , but the deal closed for $ 850,000 . Last year , the nonprofit made a plea on the Internet for donors . Tesla fan Matthew Inman , creator of the Web cartoon "  The Oatmeal , " started an IndieGoGo crowdfunding effort irreverently titled "  Let 's Build A Goddamn Tesla Museum . " Fans of Tesla 's responded , raising more than $ 1 million in about a week before wrapping up with $ 1.37 million . The Wardenclyffe Tower was to be where Tesla realized his dream of developing wireless communications and clean , free energy for the world . It was never completed , and the building was later used by a photo processing company , leaving the area tainted with chemicals . The money left over after the purchase will be used to clean up and renovate the property . The ultimate goal , an interactive science museum honoring Tesla , will require much more cash . "  Now begin the next important steps in raising the money needed to restore the historic laboratory , " Mary Daum , treasurer of the Tesla Science Center , said in a statement . "  We estimate that we will need to raise about $ 10 million to create a science learning center and museum worthy of Tesla and his legacy . We invite everyone who believes in science education and in recognizing Tesla for his many contributions to society to join in helping to make this dream a reality . " On his website , Inman thanked donors and said an event is planned this summer in Shoreham to help finance the science center . Musical performances , lectures , interactive exhibits and tours -- with Inman as one of the guides -- are planned during the two-day event . Inman also plans a special Tesla demonstration during the event . "  I own a fully functional Tesla coil cannon and I plan to BBQ some Sriracha-bacon sandwiches by shooting them with its 20,000 volt electric arc , so the event will be both scientific and delicious , " Inman wrote on his site . "  Again , we 're shooting for this summer but we have n't pinned down a date yet . " The Tesla Science Center is also calling on volunteers to come out Saturday to assist in the cleanup along the perimeter of the site . Interested people can sign up using VolunteerSpot.com , which is helping organize the event . Largely forgotten for decades in the shadows of inventors like Thomas Edison , Tesla has emerged in recent years as a sort of unsung hero among the science-minded . Tesla foresaw the need for wireless transmissions in the late 1800s -- a hundred years before anyone picked up a cell phone . But Tesla 's work lost much of its financial backing after inventor Guglielmo Marconi sent radio signals across the Atlantic Ocean , and the lab site was lost in 1915 . Now , the nonprofit group hopes to soon be welcoming visitors who can understand and appreciate all the accomplishments and ideas envisioned by the inventor . "  This is a major milestone in our almost two-decade effort to save this historically and scientifically significant site . We have been pursuing this dream with confidence that we would eventually succeed , " said Gene Genova , vice president of the Tesla Science Center . "  We are very excited to be able to finally set foot on the grounds where Tesla walked and worked . " More information about fundraising events and the Wardenclyffe site can be found on the Tesla Science Center website , Facebook page and Twitter feed .	Nonprofit group has purchased former lab of inventor Nikola Tesla After years , purchase was aided by drive by "  The Oatmeal " creator Matthew Inman Group seeks to turn the ground-breaker 's former lab into a science museum Inman promises Tesla coil-fried sandwiches at upcoming fundraiser
CNN  -- Congress is reaching a point where it will no longer be able to function at all . Over the past two years , some members of the Republican Party have ramped up the partisan wars on Capitol Hill . They are threatening to bring the legislative process to a standstill . For many years , journalists and scholars have lamented the rise of partisan polarization on Capitol Hill . The number of moderates has vastly declined and the number of bills that receive bipartisan support has greatly diminished . The usual culprits range from the advent of the 24-hour news cycle to changing demographics . But now observers are starting to note that both parties are not equally to blame , especially in recent years . In their new book , "  It 's Even Worse Than It Looks , " Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein -- two of the most prominent talking heads in Washington , known for their balanced view and proclivity toward moderation -- say that the Republican Party is to blame . "  The GOP , " they wrote in a Washington Post op-ed based on the book , "  has become an insurgent outlier in American politics . " Mann and Ornstein trace the partisan style back to the emergence of Newt Gingrich and Grover Norquist in the 1970s , when the two men promoted a style of slash-and-burn , take-no-prisoners politics that has remained integral to the strategy of congressional Republicans . There is always a certain amount of nostalgia in American politics . The notion that Congress used to be a better place is one of the staple arguments in public rhetoric . But there are times when things are worse than usual . While both parties have played roles in the growth of polarization since the 1970s , since 2007 congressional Republicans have been taking the partisan wars to new extremes in several areas . The first is with the kind of brinksmanship budgetary politics that has now become normative . Last week , House Speaker John Boehner once again threatened that Republicans would not vote to increase the debt ceiling unless Democrats agreed to certain tax and spending policies sought by the GOP . Republicans have used this tactic repeatedly in the past few years , each time bringing the nation closer to the brink of default . This is no way to decide on a budget or to handle the nation 's debt . Holding the debt ceiling hostage to win political battles has undermined international confidence in the U.S. political system . It has also created an unhealthy atmosphere where politicians are willing to take great risks with the goal of winning certain legislative battles . There need to be some limits to what legislators are willing to do in the pursuit of victory . The second way Republicans push the envelope of partisanship is with the filibuster . As political junkies know , use of the filibuster has greatly increased since the 1970s . Both parties have been guilty . A tool once reserved for high-profile legislation such as civil rights became a normalized tool of combat making the Senate a supermajoritarian body on almost every decision . Senators do n't even have to filibuster anymore . They can simply raise the threat and that brings the discussion to an end . Senators have also employed additional tactics such as anonymous holds , whereby senators can secretly prevent action on a bill and nobody can know who was responsible . But the number of filibusters by Republicans has escalated , and they have been far more willing to use the tactic than their opponents . Since 2007 , the Senate Historical Office has shown , Democrats have had to end Republican filibusters more than 360 times , a historic record . Finally , there has been a much sharper shift to the right within the Republican Party than there has been to the left in the Democratic Party . Here , too , the data is rather clear . In January , political scientists Kenneth Poole and Christopher Hare concluded , based on their close analysis of the roll call vote , that "  in the last few Congresses , the overlap has vanished ; that is , the most liberal Republican is to the right of the most conservative Democrat . " Last week , the political-science blog The Monkey Cage pointed out that Sen. Richard Lugar 's political positions have changed little since he entered the Senate in 1977 , and yet : "  In his first term in Congress , Sen. Lugar was the 23rd most moderate Republican in the Senate ; in the most recent term  through 2011  , he was the fifth most moderate . " As Lugar 's recent primary loss shows , Republican activists are now targeting any member of the party who can be tagged as centrists , and they are pushing their caucus farther to the right , making compromise almost impossible . The current hardening of these procedural wars has some resemblance to the 1950s , when Southern committee chairmen , who were then the kings of Capitol Hill , used their power in the House and Senate to prevent any kind of progress on issues such as civil rights or health care . Although a series of events allowed for a huge legislative breakthrough in 1964 and 1965 , the Southern committee chairs regained power after the 1966 midterm elections and continued to assert their power in the closed rooms of Capitol Hill . The situation reached a boiling point in the 1970s , when in the aftermath of Watergate , reformers transformed the system by weakening committee chairs , empowering party leaders and opening up the legislative process through sunshine rules and more . It could be that Republicans will take things so far that we may reach one of those rare moments when congressional reform happens . If reform does not happen , and these trends continue , the nation will be left with an inoperative legislative process that ca n't handle the problems we face with the economy , social problems and foreign policy . This is a situation that should be of equal concern to the right , left and center . Without a functional Congress , the nation 's government will not be able to live up to the challenges of the day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Congress is reaching a point where it will no longer be able to function Observers are starting to note that both parties are not equally to blame , Zelizer says Since 2007 , Democrats have had to end Republican filibusters over 360 times , a record Zelizer : Republican activists now target any party member who can be tagged as centrist
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An earthquake in Pakistan , powerful enough to prompt the appearance of a small island off the coast , has killed at least 330 people , Pakistani officials said . The 7.7-magnitude quake struck Tuesday in a remote , sparsely populated area of southwestern Pakistan , but it had severe consequences . At least 330 people have lost their lives , a spokesman for the National Disaster Management Authority said Wednesday . In addition to the fatalities , 445 people were injured , he said . And more people are still feared to be trapped in wreckage . Images from the scene showed some buildings reduced to rubble . "  Still , there are some areas that are not accessible , " a spokesman for the Red Crescent told CNN . "  So that toll can be increased , " Khalid Bin Majeed said about the number of deaths . "  When we reach all the areas , then there will be a clear picture . " Rescue efforts are under way in the heavily hit districts of Awaran and Kech in Balochistan province . But severely damaged communications networks are hindering the operation , said Jan Muhammad Buledi , a spokesman for the provincial government . Thousands of survivors from the earthquake are facing difficulties in the two districts , he added , saying that authorities have received offers of support from Iran and Turkey . The Pakistani military has deployed more than 1,000 troops to the affected area to help with rescue and relief efforts , some of them traveling in helicopters and others in convoy on mountain roads . About 10,000 food packs have been sent to the region . Each pack can feed a family for 15 days . The troops are entering a difficult region . Militants fighting for a separate state in Balochistan operate out of part of Awaran district , which has been the site of bombings in the past . The remoteness of the area means that some of the injured are having to be airlifted to major cities such as Quetta , the capital of Balochistan , and Karachi , the capital of neighboring Sindh province . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes Island emerges The quake was strong enough to cause a mass 20 to 30 feet high to emerge from the Arabian Sea like a small mountain island off the coast of Gwadar , local police official Mozzam Jah said . A large number of people gathered to view the newly formed island , he said . Large quakes can cause significant deformation to the earth 's crust , particularly visible along coastlines . The island is about 100 feet in diameter and about one mile off the coast , GEO TV reported . Zahid Rafi , principal seismologist for the National Seismic Monitoring Center , confirmed the island had formed . He said it was "  not surprising , " considering the magnitude of the earthquake . But John Bellini , a geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey , said that generally it would be unlikely for a large island to emerge from such a quake as Tuesday 's . Many things , such as the tide , could come into play regarding the rise of the island , he said . With a depth of about nine miles  about 15 kilometers  , the quake struck 43 miles  69 kilometers  northeast of Awaran and 71 miles  114 kilometers  northwest of Bela , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The tremors lasted two minutes . People flocked out onto the streets of Quetta . Aftershocks could be felt in Karachi , hundreds of miles to the southeast . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and journalist Sophia Saifi reported from Pakistan . CNN 's Mari Ramos and Elizabeth Joseph also contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll could climb as authorities access hard-to-reach areas , a spokesman says Hundreds more are injured in powerful earthquake Rescue efforts are under way with people still feared trapped under rubble Quake powerful enough to create small island in Arabian Sea , officials say
CNN  -- The orgy of violence that has greeted Kenya 's disputed election result has led to hundreds of deaths and forced tens of thousands to flee their homes . But away from the tragic human cost , the unrest has also provoked concerns about the stability of the east African country 's economy , until now seen as a model for the region . Businesses have been destroyed and looted and supply routes disrupted after the opposition accused incumbent president Mwai Kibaki of election fraud after he was declared winner Sunday . Investors are watching events closely in the country , fearful of how it could affect one of Africa 's few economic success stories . And the early signs have been worrying . The equity market on the Nairobi Stock Exchange lost 40 billion Kenyan Shillings  $ 591 million  in value on its first day of New Year trading Wednesday , the Kenyan financial newspaper Business Daily Africa reported . And business leaders said that the government was losing around 2 billion Shillings  $ 29.5 million  a day in lost revenue as a result of the political violence , the paper reported . "  We do seem to be in a new place , there 's a lot of uncertainty about where we go from here . And a lot depends crucially on how long-lasting this is , " said Razia Kahn , an analyst specializing in Africa at Standard Chartered bank . Kenya has attracted a large number of multi-nationals and is home to one of the world 's fastest growing stock exchanges . Its relative economic success has been helped in part by its thriving tourist sector , with visitors attracted by its abundant wildlife and pristine beaches . Provisional figures for 2006 from the Kenya 's tourist board said the country had received 1.5 million visitors for the year , a growth of 5.2 per cent . However , fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the British Federation of Tour Operators announcing Thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this Saturday . Watch an aid worker describe fears that crisis may resemble Rwanda 's " British tourists already in the country have been advised by the British Foreign Office to stay indoors and to stay away from the major cities . There are also worries about the knock-on effect for the region , since around 40 percent of Kenya 's exports go to other African nations , Kahn said . Of even greater concern is the effect on Kenya 's lucrative agriculture industry . Exports of tea , coffee , vegetables and flowers are big earners for the country , with agriculture making up about a fifth of the total economy . There have been media reports of tea and coffee auctions being halted by the violence as well as widespread disruption to transport routes as rioters blockade major roads across the country . Arun Shah , who runs a coffee import business based in London , told CNN his livelihood depended on a stable Kenya . "  We have had absolutely reliable supply , " he said . "  We have had reliable quality and the quantities that we need for our trade . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Boulden in London contributed to this report	Kenya 's once-stable economy faltering due to violence following disputed election Equity market on Nairobi Stock Exchange lost $ 591 million on first day of 2008 Business leaders say the government losing $ 29.5 million a day in revenues Thriving tourist industry also hit , with British tour operators calling off flights
CNN  -- The growing Hispanic population in the United States has reached a new milestone , topping 50 million , or 16.3 % of the nation , officially solidifying its position as the country 's second-largest group , U.S. Census Bureau officials said Thursday . "  Overall , we 've learned that our nation 's population has become more racially and ethnically diverse over the past 10 years , " said Nicholas A. Jones , chief of the bureau 's racial statistics branch . Several trends emerged from the 2010 census , according to Robert M. Groves , director of the Census Bureau , and Marc J. Perry , chief of the population distribution branch . The country is growing at a smaller rate . Growth is concentrated in metropolitan areas and in the American West and South . The fastest-growing communities are suburbs such as Lincoln , California , outside Sacramento . And standard-bearer cities such as Boston , Baltimore and Milwaukee are no longer in the top 20 for population , replaced by upstarts such as El Paso , Texas , and Charlotte , North Carolina , the officials said . The most significant trend , however , appeared to be the nation 's new count of 50.5 million Latinos , whose massive expansion accounted for more than half of the nation 's overall growth of 27.3 million people , to a new overall U.S. population of 308.7 million , officials said . The Hispanic population grew 43 % since 2000 , officials said . In stark contrast , all other populations together grew by only about 5 % , officials said . The nation as a whole expanded by 9.7 % . Bureau officials declined Thursday to say how much illegal immigration has spurred growth among Latinos and other minorities , saying the sources of the growth are still being studied . "  Those are actually very excellent questions , " said Roberto Ramirez , chief of the bureau 's ethnicity and ancestry branch . "  We are actually in the middle of the process of investigating that . " D'Vera Cohn , a senior writer at the Pew Research Center in Washington , said the birth rate , rather than immigration , is the primary driving factor in the Latino boom . Hispanics now account for nearly one-quarter of children under the age of 18 , Cohn said . "  Hispanics are a younger population , and there are just more women of a child-bearing age , " she said . Although immigration remains a major contributor to Hispanic population growth , the recent recession and high employment rates may have prompted a tapering off in the rate of foreign-born nationals seeking U.S. residence , analysts said . Intensified border patrols may have reduced illegal immigration , but those measures "  remain at the margins , " said William Frey , a demographer at The Brookings Institution . He added that America 's overall undocumented immigrant population -- estimated at between 10 million and 11 million people -- may have even declined in recent years , though accurate numbers are difficult to acquire . While Latinos are evidence of a growing voting bloc , they may not necessarily spur immigration reform in Congress , which has been paralyzed politically for years on whether to reform immigration laws or roll out additional crackdowns such as a beefed-up border patrol , said one immigrant rights advocate in Arizona . "  We hope these census numbers signal a new era of racial politics in our states , rooted not only in strong economies but also equalities for all people , " said Jennifer Allen , executive director of the human rights organization Border Action Network . Home to the busiest border crossing for illegal immigration , Arizona has been the nation 's hotbed for several laws targeting illegal immigrants , including the much-publicized Senate Bill 1070 that is now being challenged on constitutional grounds in federal court because one of its controversial provisions allows racial profiling by police , critics charge . Several states have tried to pass measures similar to Arizona 's , but not with much success , Allen asserted . The census figures may dampen further immigration crackdowns in Arizona because the new population count "  demonstrates the growing importance of Latino voters throughout the state , " Allen said . As the census figures are used for congressional redistricting in states , Latino voters should not be "  written off and treated as disposable constituents , " she added . The census data show that while the white population increased by 2.2 million to 196.8 million , its share of the total population dropped to 64 % from 69 % , officials said . The Asian population also grew 43 % , increasing from 10.2 million in 2000 to 14.7 million in 2010 , officials said . Asians now account for about 5 % of the nation 's population . The African-American population , which grew by about 4.3 million , is now about 40 million , or 12.6 % of the population , a slight increase over 12.3 % in 2000 , officials said . Persons reporting "  some other race " grew by 3.7 million , to 19 million , or 5.5 % of the nation , figures show . The vast majority of Americans , 97 % , reported only one race , with whites as the largest group , accounting for about seven out of 10 Americans . The remaining 3 % of the population reported multiple races , and almost all of them listed exactly two races . White and black was the leading biracial combination , figures show . "  The face of the country is changing , " said Jeffrey Passel , demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center . Demographic data had already been released for all states except New York and Maine and for the District of Columbia . In fast-growing states where whites and blacks dominated past growth , Hispanics are now the greatest growth engine , Frey said . The significance of the numbers to the United States is more than just an increase of an ethnicity . Research shows that along with the changing demographics , the country has become more diverse in other ways , Passel said . For instance , there is a substantial mixing of the American population through interracial marriage , he said . Another change is the concentration of the growing populations . Previously , the Hispanic population was concentrated in eight or nine states ; it is now spread throughout the country , Passel said . Meanwhile , most of the data released so far show decreases in the population of white children , Frey said . Minorities will have a greater presence among future generations , he said . For example , in Nevada , 61 % of children are minorities , compared with 41 % of adults . In border states like Texas , demographers say , Hispanic populations are expected to surpass non-Hispanic populations within the next decade . "  Without question , we are becoming a Hispanic state , " said Texas state demographer Lloyd Potter . "  I live in San Antonio , and there you see Spanish advertisements , television shows and newspapers everywhere , " he said . In cities and towns across the region , there are Spanish-speaking restaurants , retailers and annual festivals . "  It 's helpful to be able to speak a little Spanish if you 're non-Hispanic , " Potter said . "  My neighbors do n't really speak much English . While my Spanish is n't great , at least we can interact and be neighbors . " But while the labor force may absorb Spanish-only employees , an emerging debate among policy makers asks whether their children face additional challenges in English-speaking schools . "  Education attainment is the single best determinant for a whole variety of social outcomes , " said Steven Camarota , director of research at the Center for Immigration Studies in Washington . Analysts speculate that while population levels swell , comparable growth in education levels may take some time . "  In New York City , Italians once had a much higher high school dropout rate , " Camarota said , noting an Italian immigration flux in the United States that spanned the years of 1890 to 1920 . "  It took them 60 to 70 years to lower those levels and close the socioeconomic gap . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	The Hispanic population is now 50.5 million , or 16 % of the country The white population is 197 million , dropping to 64 % The black population is 40 million , or nearly 13 % The Asian population grew 43 % to 14.7 million , or about 5 %
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart hopes to return to the United Kingdom as soon as a reported travel ban stemming from her criminal history is "  resolved , " the chairman of the company she founded said Friday . Martha Stewart has not been to the United Kingdom since her 2004 conviction , according to British media . "  Martha loves England ; the country and English culture are near and dear to her heart , " Charles Koppelman , chairman of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , said in a written statement . "  She has engagements with English companies and business leaders and hopes this can be resolved so that she will be able to visit soon , " Koppelman said . The statement was released after British newspapers , led by the Telegraph , reported that she had been refused a visa to enter Great Britain because of her criminal convictions four years ago . Stewart was scheduled to meet at the Royal Academy with several figures in the fashion and leisure industry , the Telegraph reported . The newspaper attributed the rejection of her visa to a blanket policy banning people with criminal convictions . A representative of the British Borders Agency would not comment on Stewart , saying only that "  we continue to oppose the entry to the UK of individuals where we believe their presence in the United Kingdom is not conducive to the public good or where they have been found guilty of serious criminal offenses abroad . " Stewart was convicted on four counts of obstructing justice in 2004 for lying to investigators about her sale of ImClone Systems Inc. stock at the end of 2001 . She served five months in prison .	British media report that Martha Stewart denied visa because of criminal convictions Claims surfaced after Stewart reportedly failed to show up for meetings in UK Chairman of Martha Stewart Living says she "  loves " UK , hopes situation is resolved Stewart served five months for lying to investigators about stock sale in 2001
CNN  -- At least six people were killed Thursday when a powerful earthquake struck off the coast of Honduras , President Jose Manuel Zelaya told CNN en Español Thursday . Thursday 's quake leaves part of a bridge damaged over the Ulua River in El Progreso , Honduras . Another 17 people were injured , said Jose Reyes , a spokesman for COPECO , the Honduran government agency that responds to natural disasters . Two of the victims -- a 15-year-old boy and a 2-year-old girl from Morazan -- died after a wall collapsed on them , Reyes said , adding that trauma was blamed for most of the fatalities . A 9-year-old boy died , and a heart attack proved fatal to a man from Tela , Honduras , the agency said . A woman suffered cardiac arrest . The 15-year-old boy 's brother suffered minor injuries , said Dilcia Fernandez , mayor of La Lima , where the boy died . La Lima is about 120 miles  200 km  north of the capital , Tegucigalpa . Eighty homes were destroyed and another 175 damaged , including 16 schools , nine churches , eight public buildings , seven factories , three bridges , two hotels , a hospital , an airport and a potable water system , Reyes said . Watch how the quake damaged a bridge " The 7.1-magnitude quake , which struck at 3:24 a.m. and was centered about 200 miles  320 km  north of the capital , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Half an hour later , a 4.8-magnitude aftershock hit about 155 miles  250 km  north of Tegucigalpa . Zelaya said the June 2-3 meeting of the Organization of American States will be held as planned in nearby San Pedro Sula , where he said one building had been damaged by the quake . The earthquake was centered , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , 27 miles  43 km  from Roatan , the largest of Honduras ' Bay Islands and a popular destination for scuba diving and snorkeling . The area -- known for its white-sand beaches , clear waters and rich ocean reef -- is popular among budget-conscious travelers . "  People were startled . They started walking , running , doing everything they could to get to higher ground about two miles away , " said Ron Cummins , who owns a resort there . "  I have been on the island for 14 years , this is the worst I have seen . "  iReport.com : Did you feel the quake ? Share photos , video Ressie Bodden Saphrey said she was sleeping when her house started shaking . "  There was dark everywhere , " said Saphrey , who works at a hotel in Roatan . Dishes and bottles crashed to the floor , she said . She and her 19-year-old daughter packed their passports , medicine , bottled water , canned food and a flashlight in case they were told to evacuate . They stayed inside their concrete three-story house , though many people in Roatan wandered the streets in the darkness , she said . A television station in Honduras , Channel 8 , reported damage to several buildings . The Honduras disaster-response agency urged people to safeguard any important documents , and store food and water they could take in a hurry , according to Channel 8 . Carol Frazier , who was vacationing in Roatan , said the quake knocked out power in her condominium and spilled water from the swimming pool . "  Everything was moving . The TV fell on the ground , " she said . "  The difficulty was we could n't even move . "  I really thought it was a tsunami or something . That was really our first concern , " she said . "  We ran out . " Ron Bobbette , who manages a hotel in West End Roatan , said power had been restored in most places and panic was subsiding . "  Everything is back to normal , " Bobbette said . "  I just finished walking around the hotel and there is no visible structural damage . " CNN 's Mark Bixler , Faith Karimi and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Eighty homes destroyed , another 175 damaged , official says Original quake centered about 200 miles  320 km  north of the capital , USGS says Quake centered 27 miles  43 km  from Roatan , popular scuba diving destination
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek lawmakers voted to approve a new round of tough budget-cutting measures Thursday , despite a second day of angry protests in which one demonstrator died . Tens of thousands rallied outside the parliament building as lawmakers debated the unpopular measures , aimed at bringing down the country 's huge national debt . After a peaceful start , violent clashes broke out between anarchist rioters and the police , and between the anarchists and some union demonstrators who wanted to keep the protest calm . Tear gas was fired into the crowd , while rocks and fire bombs were thrown . The protester who died was a member of the PAME workers ' union , lawmaker Makis Voridis told parliament . Hospital officials told CNN he was a 53-year-old man who suffered cardiac arrest . The Greek minister for health said the demonstrator had been taken to an Athens hospital without a pulse and could not be revived , but he had no injuries . Earlier reports suggested he had been injured . Lawmakers approved the austerity measures by 154 in favor to 144 against , despite nationwide protests and a two-day strike that has gripped the country . The new bill is expected to lead to around 30,000 job losses and further cuts to wages and pensions for workers in the public sector . "  We have no hope . The only hope we have is the strength of the people , " said protester Vagelis Filezis , a civil engineer , before the vote . He said Europe 's leaders were trying "  to save the banks but they do n't think about the people . " And he warned Italy and Spain , which are also facing debt crises : "  Look at us . This is where you will be in two to three years . " Organizers had urged protesters from all over the country to come to Athens Thursday , suggesting the crowd could be larger than the 70,000-plus police estimated Wednesday . Organizers estimated the turnout Wednesday at 120,000 , which would make it one of the biggest protests in the country in years . Police said there were about 40,000 people on the streets Thursday morning -- fewer than at the same time a day earlier -- and about 3,000 police officers . The mood early in the day was good-natured , but when violence erupted later it was unusual for the fighting that broke out between different groups of protesters , as well as confrontations with police . On Wednesday , clashes between protesters and police in front of the Greek parliament building left at least six protesters and 15 police officers injured , authorities said . At least 15 people were arrested . Some marchers Thursday accused the government of planting troublemakers in the crowd to spark violence . "  They have never been caught , " said teacher Thannasis Karametsus . "  Why not ? " Protesters aimed to shut down wide sectors of the country during the two-day national strike . "  Do n't bow your head , it 's time for resistance and struggle , " marchers chanted in the capital Wednesday as they gathered for the union-backed demonstration . "  I 'm here for my children and everyone else 's children . Those punks in there have destroyed everyone 's lives , " said former railway worker Diamandis Goufas , 62 , pointing at parliament . Greeks are angry at yet another round of planned austerity measures as Greece tries to bring down its stratospheric debt . Lawmakers are trying to cut government costs to reassure international backers it is doing enough to earn the bailout funds they have promised to pour into the country . European Union leaders are scrambling to minimize the effect of Greece 's debt on their common currency , the euro . Over the weekend , finance ministers from the world 's largest economies pledged their commitment to take "  all necessary actions " to stabilize markets . They aim to keep banks well capitalized so they can weather the effects of any defaults by Greece or other indebted countries , such as Portugal , Spain , Ireland or Italy . But there appears to be a split between France and Germany -- Europe 's two largest economies -- on how to do it . Germany has stressed that individual European states should inject capital into domestic banks that lack sufficient buffers . But analysts say France is opposed to this idea because it could jeopardize the nation 's top-tier credit rating . European leaders are expected to hear concrete details about how the plan might work at a European Council meeting Sunday . European Union heads of state are widely expected to finalize the plan in early November at a meeting of the Group of 20 world economic powers . CNN 's Andrew Carey , Elinda Labropoulou , Diana Magnay and Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Greek lawmakers pass new austerity measures despite protests Clashes break out in Athens between different groups of protesters and police One protester dies after cardiac arrest , hospital officials say European Union leaders worry that Greek debt threatens the euro
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's political troubles may reshape the Republican race much more radically than most commentators are yet predicting . To understand why , think of the Republican presidential nomination as a playoff game between two rival leagues . One league is composed of the Republican party 's donors and professionals . The other features the party 's activists and militants . In 2012 , Mitt Romney triumphed early and totally in League A , and then waited patiently for the nomination as League B stumbled its way through a garish series of impossible candidates . The only plausible player fielded by League B , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , whiffled out before he had properly started the game . This time , though , League B has attracted plausible talent . Whatever any detractor may say about Ted Cruz and Rand Paul , they are U.S. senators . They may be unelectable to the presidency , but they are not inherently unnominatable , in the way that Donald Trump and Herman Cain were unnominatable . A better League B puts new pressure on League A -- at exactly the same time when League A seems be sputtering in the way League B sputtered four years ago . League A 's brightest prospect , Christie , looks likely to soon be benched by self-inflicted injuries . There is other talent in League A , of course . If interested , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush could sweep League A -- but almost one-third of the way through the political cycle , he has yet to indicate that he is interested . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has fans in League A , as do Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and former vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan . This abundance of choice suggests that in 2016 , unlike 2012 , the League A contest will extend for a long time . The League A contenders will have months to run negative ads against each other -- and to remind League B fans why they dislike each League A player : Rubio , for wishing to widen immigration ; Ryan , for writing a budget that cut Medicare and Medicaid ; Bush , for his last name . The prospect of a long and bitter battle within League A -- conjoined to improvements in the seriousness and professionalism of League B -- calls into question many of the usual rules of Republican politics . Old Rule : The winner of the Republican nomination this time is the guy who came second last time . That rule held in every open contest from Ronald Reagan  runner-up in 1976  to Mitt Romney  runner-up in 2008  . Not this time : In 2016 , for the first time since the 1960s , there is no Republican heir apparent . Old Rule : The Big Money always wins . From the rejection of Hillary Clinton in 2008 all the way back to the defeat of Edmund Muskie in 1972 , Democrats have often preferred insurgents over leadership favorites . Not so Republicans . 2012 spectacularly confirmed the power of the Republican Establishment . But in 2016 , the rule is looking wobbly for the first time since 1964 . Old Rule : Electability matters most in Republican presidential primaries . Tea party voters took chances in 2010 and 2012 on many oddball candidates for House and Senate . They played it safe at the presidential level . But many will feel that the defeat of McCain in 2008 and Romney in 2012 discredit the case for the "  responsible choice . " In 2016 , Republican primary voters will for the first time since Barry Goldwater be offered a brace of seemingly plausible , irresponsible choices . If League A looks as disorganized in 18 months as it does today , will the GOP 's primary voters continue to refuse temptation ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Chris Christie , the leader among moderates , may not be a 2016 GOP contender Lack of a clear favorite may open way for GOP activists to pick the nominee , he says Candidates such as Ted Cruz and Rand Paul look more plausible , Frum says Frum : Old rules about how GOP picks a candidate may be thrown aside
CNN  A fire broke out early Saturday at a luxury apartment skyscraper in Dubai , engulfing several floors on at least three sides of the iconic Torch building and spewing flaming debris to the ground . There were no deaths or injuries , and the fire was out three hours after it began , the Dubai Civil Defense said . The cause was not known , the Dubai Civil Defense said . The fire started at 2 a.m.  5 p.m. ET Friday  , when many people were out and enjoying the nightlife in unseasonably warm temperatures , witness Leah Polonenko said . She shot video of the fire that showed flaming debris spilling from the 79-story building shortly after the fire started . The fire appeared to start around the 50th floor , but then strong winds blew the burning debris around to lower floors on other sides , witnesses said . At least four nearby buildings were evacuated as a precaution , Polonenko said . Hundreds of people , many of them evacuated residents , were in the street while emergency crews were on the scene . The Torch was the world 's tallest residential tower when it was completed in 2011 , according to the building 's developer , Select Group . It contains 676 residential units with 24-hour security and concierge , and six retail spaces . A resident of a nearby building told CNN he was watching a movie when he saw the fire . "  We went to the balcony , then it was one side of the building  that  was burning , " Jaime Mueller , 30 , told CNN by phone . "  We went downstairs and a lot of people were watching , " he said . "  Then we saw another piece of fire fall , and it started the fire on the other side . " The arc-shaped Dubai Marina is a popular and crowded residential area that has been developed rapidly in the past decade . CNN 's Hamzeh Noami and John Defterios in Dubai and CNN 's Samira Said in Atlanta contributed to this report .	There were no deaths or injuries , the Dubai Civil Defense says Witnesses say flaming debris spread the fire to other floors The Torch has 79 floors of luxury apartments
CNN  -- Someone out there just leapt all comic book purchase price records in a single bound . A near-pristine copy of Action Comics # 1 -- better known as the first appearance of Superman -- sold at an online auction Wednesday night for a staggering $ 2.16 million . The seller ? None other than cash-strapped actor Nicolas Cage , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Cage turned a super-sized profit , the Reporter noted . He bought the 1938 Man of Steel original 14 years ago for roughly $ 150,000 . The buyer has remained anonymous . But "  he 's an extremely passionate collector , and he treasures owning the best of the best , " said Vincent Zurzolo , chief operating officer of New York-based ComicConnect.com , which conducted the auction . "  In particular , he loves Superman . " When the comic book first went on the auction block November 12 , the top bid was around $ 900,000 , Zurzolo noted . The price rose to more than $ 1.5 million Monday and smashed the $ 2 million mark five minutes before the close of bidding . The previous comic book sale price record ? Roughly $ 1.5 million for another copy of Action Comics # 1 in March of 2010 . "  I 've been involved in the comic book business for over 25 years , " Zurzolo told CNN . Superman remains an "  icon that represents the best of this great country . " Cage 's copy of the all-American classic comes with a colorful back story . It was reported stolen in January 2000 , according to the Reporter , and remained lost for more than 11 years before showing up last April in an abandoned storage locker in California 's San Fernando Valley . Comic book collectors ' holy grails If you 're hoping to get your own original 1938 copy , do n't hold your breath . There are only about 100 copies still believed to be in existence , according to ComicConnect . About 100 copies of Detective Comics # 27 -- better known as the first appearance of Batman -- are also still believed to be out there . The Caped Crusader made his inaugural appearance in 1939 . An original Depression-era Batman wo n't come cheap , however . One copy sold last year for a little over $ 1 million . The good news : if you 're willing to settle for a more modern incarnation of the two crime fighters , you can probably afford it . "  All New Batman : The Brave and the Bold " went on sale last month for $ 2.99 .	An original 1938 Superman comic sells at auction for a record $ 2.16 million The comic is believed to have been sold by actor Nicolas Cage The previous record for a comic book sale price was $ 1.5 million
CNN  -- A Pakistani court has ordered a jailed American diplomat to remain in custody for 14 more days , authorities said Friday . The man 's lawyer then filed a petition calling for his immediate release , saying he is covered under diplomatic immunity . Raymond Davis , who allegedly shot and killed two men , was transferred from police custody to "  judicial remand , " said Munir Ahmed Khan , a member of the police investigative team . Pakistani law says police can only keep a suspect in custody for 14 days . After that , a judge can either release the suspect -- on bail or for lack of evidence -- or transfer him to judicial custody , which is usually a prison instead of a police station lock-up . Davis said he was attacked by the two men on January 27 who tried to rob him as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , according to the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan . The U.S. State Department has demanded that Davis be freed . Under international agreements , people carrying diplomatic passports are granted diplomatic immunity , the department said . Davis ' lawyer filed a petition Friday , challenging the court 's jurisdiction over the case . A judge will hear arguments on February 25 . The United States says Davis was assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad but was working at the U.S. Consulate in Lahore at the time of the shootings . Lahore Police Chief Aslam Tareen rejected Davis ' claim that he shot the men in self-defense . "  It was clear cut murder , " Tareen told reporters . Witnesses told police that Davis kept firing even when one of the men was running away , Tareen said . "  It means he wanted to ensure that that they were killed , " he said . He acknowledged the two men shot were armed , and that one of them pointed his gun at Davis -- but did n't shoot . "  All the bullets were in their chamber , " he said . The detention has strained relations between the United States and Pakistan . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , according to the State Department , has raised the issue with Pakistani officials . And the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan , Cameron Munter , has met with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on the issue . Members of Congress told senior Pakistani leaders that billions of dollars of U.S. aid are in jeopardy unless Davis is released . "  We indicated it could very well be " that the United States might consider withholding funding , Rep. Howard "  Buck " McKeon , R-California , said Tuesday after returning to Washington from meetings in Pakistan and Afghanistan . McKeon said he and two other congressmen on the trip had frank conversations with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and other senior officials about Davis . "  It is entirely possible that a member of Congress would come down and offer an amendment to cut funding for Pakistan , based on their detaining Mr. Davis , and my guess is there would be a lot support for such an amendment , frankly because of the outrage of detaining an American with diplomatic immunity , " said Rep. John Klein , R-Minnesota . The U.S. spent more than $ 1.5 billion in non-military aid to Pakistan in fiscal year 2010 . The case has sparked some protest and fueled anti-American feelings in Pakistan . During several protests last week , hard-line clerics condemned the shootings and demanded the government not release Davis to the U.S. government . Local television showed a rally in Karachi where protesters re-enacted their version of the shooting . Men wearing smiling masks and holding toy guns played the part of Davis and gleefully danced around several protesters , who pretended to be the shooting victims . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Charley Keyes and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Davis ' lawyer files petition for his immediate release NEW : Police chief calls the case "  clear-cut murder " Consulate employee Raymond Davis has been jailed since the January 27 shooting The State Department says the man has diplomatic immunity
CNN  -- As events continue to unfold in Syria , the future of this Arab nation remains unknown . There are many questions . Will the regime of President Bashar al-Assad eventually fall ? If so , what kind of leadership would replace al-Assad ? If not , would al-Assad 's style of governance change ? The answers will have a major impact on Syria 's neighbors and the Middle East . It 's a complicated web of affairs , laced with deep historical , political and religious ties . There are several factors to consider : Syria 's relationships with Iran and Hezbollah ; its presence in neighboring Lebanon , a country struggling to maintain a delicate balance among its religious and ethnic sects ; and the roles of Gulf Arab states like Saudi Arabia and Qatar . We asked four people to share their thoughts on the connection between Syria and the current state of affairs in the region , posing the question : "  What kind of impact do the events in Syria have on the rest of the Middle East ? " Leverett : War could draw in other countries Hillary Mann Leverett teaches foreign policy at American University in Washington . A former White House official who worked on Middle East issues , she held various roles with the State Department , the National Security Council and the U.S. Mission to the United Nations . She is also co-author of the blog RaceForIran.com . The civil war in Syria is likely to prove a watershed for the Middle East 's balance of power . It has the potential to become a full-blown regional war that could spill over into other countries and bring those countries into conflict , through proxies and perhaps even directly . On top of that , the temptation to arm and fund Syrian rebels could spark a great power confrontation over Syria . Russia and China have made it clear that that they oppose foreign military intervention in Syria , especially by the United States . And in Russia 's case , it has made it clear that it will protect Syria , its beachhead in the Mediterranean . Russia has a longtime relationship with the country , and it has drawn a red line against U.S. intervention . Russia has sent naval assets , weapons and radar to Syria , and it could even send Russian personnel to protect it . Russia and China 's approach to the Syrian conflict is very different from the posture they took toward the U.S. invasion of Iraq and Western military intervention in Libya . If you watch the Western or Gulf states ' media , you would have the impression that everyone in Syria opposes and is fighting the government . This is not true . In Syria , a significant portion of the population is disaffected , but the majority still supports the regime . A series of public polls , for example , show that the al-Assad government still retains a majority of the support of the population . The reason ? The basic majority , about 55 % of the population , is terrified at the prospect of the other 45 % forming a Sunni Islamist tyranny over the country . The 55 % have held together -- as they have for decades -- to essentially hold Syria together as an independent , secular political order . There are now several countries , principally Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Turkey , France and the U.S. , that have aligned themselves with the angry minority . The strategic problem for these countries is that even if rebels are militarily successful and force al-Assad from power , the new government would be one that roughly 55 % of the population does not want and/or fears . This means that without a negotiated way forward , we know that the outcome of arming or supporting the rebels means -- at a minimum -- only sustained violence and instability in Syria and for the region . Tabler : ` Cold war ' between Shiites , Sunnis Andrew J. Tabler is the Next Generation fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . He is also the author of "  In the Lion 's Den : An Eyewitness Account of Washington 's Battle with Syria . " The events in Syria impact the general struggle between Iran and the Sunni-Arab alliance in the region . The minority Shiite Alawite-dominated regime in Syria is backed by Iran , and the majority of Syrians are Sunni Muslims . There is sort of a cold war taking place between the two sides . I think you can see that playing out in terms of Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and Turkey clearly on the side of the opposition in Syria , while the Iranians are strongly backing the regime . What 's at stake is larger than what 's within Syria 's borders . Syria is a keystone of the Iranian alliance . It allows Iran to protect its power on the shores of the Mediterranean and its border with Israel , particularly its support of Hezbollah in Lebanon . And the more this violence continues , especially with the regime using brutal force , the more it enrages people in the Sunni Arab countries . Although other governments have been holding back in their support of the opposition until recently , there are many individuals in the region who will help sponsor the opposition within Syria . A lot of this is about the future of the Arab world and what the basis of these governments will be . For so long , it has been based on narrow regimes and , in the case of Syria , a narrow minority regime . Whatever comes next is likely to be a majoritarian system that has a larger base . Haddad : Interference would change the dynamics Bassam Haddad is the director of Middle East studies at George Mason University . He is also the homepage editor of Jadaliyya , an independent online Arab affairs magazine produced by the Arab Studies Institute . Haddad wrote "  Business Networks in Syria : The Political Economy of Authoritarian Resilience . " The Syrian situation is complex like any other uprising , but the situation has added complexity because it is at the juncture of several conflicts in the region . Those struggles involve local , regional and international power plays that make the situation a lot more charged . For instance , we have Syria at the center of the Arab-Israeli conflict . Syria is part of an axis , so to speak , with Iran and Hezbollah , confronting imperialism in various forms from inside and outside the region , particularly in relation to U.S. domination and Israel 's occupations and belligerence . There is also resistance to the conservative Arab camp that includes Saudi Arabia , Qatar and other conservative countries that are usually allies with the United States . Also , Syria is , in many ways , the guarantor of stability in Lebanon . Syria 's presence in Lebanon has guaranteed some stability despite many violations of Lebanon 's sovereignty by Syria . For all these reasons , Syria 's position in the region is pivotal . This is not simply another uprising against a dictator . It is also being transformed by other players into an effort to redraw the political map of the region and curtail further protests elsewhere . A lot of the anti-regime actors and analysts are placed in an odd position . They do not support the regime or the turn that the uprising has taken since fall of last year . So perhaps the task is to build an independent opposition away from the dictates of Saudi Arabia , Qatar or the United States . Military intervention in Syria will bring in Iran and Hezbollah , and that will change the dynamic of the conflict . Most people in the region are opposed to the Syrian regime 's domestic behavior during the past decades , but they are not opposed to its regional role . The problem is the Syrian regime 's internal repression , not its external policies . If there is no interference from the outside , the uprisings will be seen as legitimate . If it becomes regional and you bring in the U.S. and Israel in a fight against the Syrian regime , it changes the strategic dynamics of the conflict -- and not just the players involved . Dunne : Democracy takes time Michele Dunne is the director of the Atlantic Council 's Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East in Washington . Previously , she was a Middle East affairs specialist at the State Department and the White House . She also served as a diplomat in Cairo and Jerusalem . When I travel to the Middle East , it is striking how in the eastern part of the Arab world , sectarian issues are right on the surface of public discourse and shape the way people look at the uprisings . For example , the same person might support the uprising in Syria but not the one in Bahrain , or vice versa , depending on whether that person is Sunni or Shiite Muslim . There are many reasons for this , including the rise of Iran and the unleashing of sectarian sentiments in Iraq after Saddam Hussein was deposed . Sectarian feeling is less pronounced in the western part of the Arab world , which is largely populated by Sunnis . Last summer , Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states abandoned al-Assad and withdrew their ambassadors from Syria . Perhaps they did this partly because they saw how strong the popular uprising in Syria was and assessed that al-Assad might not be able to outlast it . Perhaps they also saw a chance of getting a Sunni majority government into power in Syria , which would make the Gulf states more comfortable . Probably , their desire to change the regional sectarian and political power balance has largely dictated their policies toward Syria . Certainly , Syria has been a key cog in the machine of Iran 's influence in the Levant . Syria has provided the avenue through which Iran could project political influence into Lebanon and Palestine through Hezbollah and Hamas . The Hamas link with Syria has already been broken . Hamas has turned against al-Assad , partly out of support for the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood and partly because Damascus is no longer a safe haven for them . Hamas is now working on closer relations with Egypt , where the Brotherhood controls close to half of the parliament , is running a candidate for president and is likely to have a strong presence in the new Cabinet . We are not going to see in any of the Arab countries a neat transition to a democracy in a year or two . Countries do not make that shift -- from authoritarianism to democracy -- so rapidly . Achieving a well-functioning democracy could happen in perhaps 10 to 15 years . There will be setbacks , bloodshed and disappointments along the way . But we have to stay with this for a while , develop sustainable strategies to help these countries , and not abandon them a year or two into their transitions . The opportunity to establish functioning democracies in the Arab world is a tremendous and historic one for the Middle East , and the risks if these transitions fail -- with all that could bring in terms of instability , safe havens for terrorists , etc. -- are also enormous . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the authors .	Whatever happens in Syria will have a major effect on its neighbors and the Middle East Expert : A regional war could draw in outside countries such as the U.S. , Russia The sectarian power balance might change if the Syrian regime is deposed
CNN  -- About 40 students at a university in New Jersey have been taken to hospitals for treatment after an outbreak of what authorities believe is the norovirus . The Rider University students , at the school 's campus in Lawrenceville , were brought to hospitals late Wednesday night , the school said Thursday . The suspected outbreak comes a week after an outbreak began at nearby Princeton University , which is still under way , officials said . "  We are coordinating treatment information with that university . We have also informed neighboring institutions , " Rider said on its website . Norovirus is a highly contagious illness that is often called stomach flu or food poisoning , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It is the most common cause of acute gastroenteritis in the United States . The most common symptoms are diarrhea , vomiting , and stomach pain . Most people get better within one to two days . Rider officials worked with health authorities throughout the night "  to identify ill students in the residence halls and treat them either on site or send them to area hospitals , " the school said . Some of those taken to hospitals have been discharged and returned to campus . People who get the virus are contagious "  from the moment they begin feeling sick until at least three days after they recover , " the school said . Infection can occur by eating contaminated food ; touching contaminated surfaces and then putting contaminated fingers in your mouth ; or having direct contact with an infected person . The school 's food and custodial services are taking necessary steps , including cleaning all residence hall bathrooms and other areas . Rider has about 4,700 undergraduate and 1,100 graduate students , and 250 full time faculty members .	The school worked through the night to help sick students The outbreak follows a similar one at nearby Princeton Norovirus is highly contagious
"  No matter where you are from , your dreams are valid . " Dignified , inspiring words spoken by young woman who looked like a fairy princess on Hollywood 's most spectacular night . Lupita Nyong ' o won the Academy Award for best supporting actress -- and black , brown and "  other " women and girls all around the world exhaled with relief and cheered with delight . The Cinderella story endures because deep down , people want to believe in improbable beauty and equal access to happily ever after . You know how it goes : A kind young girl alone and far from home is placed in a hostile environment , ignored and abused . Against all odds , she finds the power of her imagination , transforms into a graceful beauty and becomes the belle of the ball . Nyong ` o 's ascent into media stardom mirrors this legendary narrative . This is from Facebook : "  I admit it . I ca n't go more than three days without looking at a picture of her . #LupitaNyongo . " That 's one of the scores of daily posts on every social media platform about the breakout actress , mostly from women and girls of color . The image of Nyong ' o is feeding an old hunger familiar to the hearts of women of African decent and quenching a newfound thirst for everyone else . She is refreshing . She added , as they say in the fashion world , a "  pop of color " to the neutral landscape of types in the 2014 awards season . The beginning of Nyong ` o 's fairy-tale rise to Hollywood 's new It Girl began with her brilliant portrayal of Patsey , a filthy , psychologically abused and violently beaten slave in the best picture winner , "  12 Years a Slave . " And yet in a matter of months , the prevailing image of her is an exquisite beauty queen conquering every red carpet and glossy fashion page she 's graced . And there have been many . The Golden Globe Awards were Nyong ` o 's first major glamorous arrival . She did n't take home the best supporting actress award for which she was nominated , but from Vogue to tumblr , she reigned on all the best-dressed lists . It was a Cinderella moment . It was n't the stunning fire-engine-red winged column dress by Ralph Lauren Couture that made her splash so significant . It was her unlikely beauty , her exquisite "  otherness " that made the style media explode with excitement . And she has been slaying every other appearance ever since . Hollywood can be a hostile and stubborn place for diversity : Only 31 black people have won an Oscar in the 85-year history of the Academy Awards . It can be especially treacherous and narrow when it comes to images of women . And the women on the silver screen set the gold bar for the standard of beauty for much of the world 's media . Analyze any parade of actresses on any major awards show red carpet , and the message is clear : The criteria for a position in the elite clique of beauties are to be white and thin , with hair that blows in the wind . Though Nyong ' o certainly has a near-fatless body , her deep , rich skin tone and the length and texture of her hair are a sharp detour away from the standard . Unfortunately , it 's not rare that just one woman of color was nominated for major acting awards this year . Out of her many nominations , in addition to her Oscar win , she 's also won the Screen Actors Guild Award for best supporting actress , the NAACP Image Award for outstanding supporting actress and the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for best supporting actress . Other black women who have won the Academy Award in the best supporting actress category are Hattie McDaniel , Whoopi Goldberg , Jennifer Hudson , Mo ` nique and Octavia Spencer . What stands out about Nyong ' o is that she is top-model gorgeous , classically trained and impossibly elegant and has an indisputable African name . She 's the first black African to ever win . Nyong ' o can wear practically any gown that has ever been on a couture runway . She fits the high-fashion role while simultaneously expanding it . She is old-Hollywood elegant and new-school African . At the Oscars , it was her dark , luminous skin and short , tightly coiled hair that made the billowy cornflower princess gown by Prada look so dreamy . Like art and life , beauty without contrasts is n't interesting . Nyong ' o is a ravishing contrast against the pale landscape of beauty possibilities most women and girls are given from Hollywood and high-fashion media . She represents a possibility of another kind of dream girl . Young women of color from Nairobi to New Orleans can see a bright star that reflects them .	Lupita Nyong ' o won best supporting actress Oscar in a fairy-tale rise in Hollywood Michaela Angela Davis : She is a "  pop of color " in neutral landscape of awards season Davis : She gave a brilliant performance as the slave Patsey ; now she 's the It Girl Her deep , rich skin tone and beauty inspire women and girls of color , Davis says
CNN  -- Sarah Palin did not visit troops in Iraq , a spokesperson for the Republican vice presidential nominee confirmed Saturday , as new details emerged about the extent of the Alaska governor 's foreign travel . Gov. Sarah Palin 's aide confirmed to CNN details of her foreign travel Saturday . In July of last year , Palin left North America for the first time to visit Alaskan troops stationed in Kuwait . Palin officials originally said her itinerary included U.S. military installations or outposts in Germany and Kuwait , and that she had visited Ireland . A Palin aide in Alaska had said Iraq was also one of the military stops on that trip . The Boston Globe , however , reported Saturday that in response to questions about the trip , Alaska National Guard officials and campaign aides said Palin did not go past the Kuwait-Iraq border . In addition , campaign aides also confirmed reports to CNN Saturday that Palin 's time in Ireland on that trip had actually been a refueling stop . The Obama campaign -- which has increasingly accused the McCain campaign of deliberately lying in ads and on the stump -- was quick to highlight that story , along with a news report that explored whether the McCain campaign has been sending out wildly inflated crowd estimates . The McCain team has twice pointed to law enforcement as the source for those estimates -- but the same officials denied to Bloomberg News that they had provided the numbers cited by the Republican nominee 's campaign . "  The McCain campaign said Gov. Palin opposed the bridge to nowhere , but now we know she supported it , " said Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor in a statement . "  They said she did n't seek earmarks , but now we know she hired a lobbyist to get millions in pork for her town and her state . They said she visited Iraq , but today we learned that she only stopped at the border . Americans are starting to wonder , is there anything the McCain campaign is n't lying about ? " A Palin spokesperson also confirmed that the governor had visited Mexico on a personal vacation . She has also visited Canada . The Palin revelations Saturday are the latest in a series of barbs between the two presidential campaigns . McCain , appearing Friday on ABC 's "  The View , " was aggressively pressed on Palin 's qualifications to be vice president as well as his new campaign ads that several independent fact-check groups have called misleading . Co-host Barbara Walters asked about Palin 's reformist credentials , noting McCain has served in Washington for more than two decades and asking repeatedly , "  Who 's she going to reform , you ? " McCain answered by saying Democrats have controlled Congress for two years , but then Walters quickly interrupted : "  But tell me who she is going to reform -- we are n't talking about the economy , we 're not talking about housing ; she was chosen to reform , who is she going to reform ? " Appearing somewhat frustrated , McCain said , "  The Democrat Party , the Republican Party , even an independent . She 'll reform all of Washington . " Walters , seeming somewhat exasperated , asked , "  How ? What will she do ? What is she going to reform specifically , senator ? " McCain said Palin had a strong record on vetoing earmark spending . Watch more of McCain 's appearance on "  The View " " "  The fact is she was a reform governor , she took on an incumbent governor of her own party and defeated him . She sold the airplane and fired the chef , " McCain said , referring to Palin 's efforts to put her predecessor 's state jet up for auction on eBay and her dismissal of the governor 's personal chef . "  She sold the airplane at a loss , " Walters interrupted . The jet failed to draw sufficient bids on eBay and later was sold at a loss through an ordinary aircraft brokerage . Also on Friday , both campaigns accused each other of engaging in lies , unfair attacks and gutter politics in a series of television ads and memos . McCain 's campaign released a television ad , titled "  Disrespectful , " that accuses McCain 's Democratic rival of launching desperate attacks and smears against Palin . In the McCain ad , the announcer says the Obama camp had "  lashed out at Sarah Palin " and dismissed Palin as "  good-looking " as the Democratic nominee 's face appears on the screen . The announcer also says the Democrats had said Palin was doing "  what she was told " and had "  desperately " called her a liar . "  How disrespectful , " the announcer says . "  And how Gov. Sarah Palin proves them wrong , every day . " Obama never made any of the statements the McCain camp released to support the ad , and the comment that Palin was "  good-looking " was made by the Democratic vice presidential nominee , Sen. Joe Biden , in a self-deprecating joke when he was asked what the obvious differences were between the two vice presidential nominees . Watch the McCain ad " Biden repeatedly has said on the campaign trail that he respected Palin and that he thought she was qualified for the vice presidency . FactCheck.org pointed out the quote from an Obama adviser that Palin was doing "  what she was told " was taken out of context . The quote is taken from the response of Obama 's chief strategist , David Axelrod , in which he said Palin had misrepresented Obama 's legislative record . "  Maybe that 's what she was told " about his voting record , Axelrod said . The Obama campaign , meanwhile , launched two television ads Friday . In one , the campaign paints McCain as being out of touch by showing pictures of him when he first entered the Senate in 1982 as disco music plays . The ad also highlights McCain 's own admissions that he lacks computer skills and does not use e-mail . Watch the Obama ad attacking McCain " In the second Obama ad , the candidate himself appears . "  We 've heard a lot of talk about change this year . The question is , change to what ? " Obama asks . The ads come as Obama 's campaign manager , David Plouffe , issued a tough memo to reporters that accused McCain and his campaign of turning to "  smears , lies and cynical attempts to distract from the issues . " CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	New details emerge on Gov. Sarah Palin 's foreign travels Campaign now says she did n't visit troops in Iraq , only the border Questions surround the crowd size of a McCain-Palin event in Virginia John McCain gets grilled on "  The View " while defending Palin
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan was ordered Tuesday to serve 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions in violation of her probation . The judge also ordered Lohan to spend 90 days in a drug and alcohol rehab program after her jail term is completed . The actress must begin serving her sentence on July 20 , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Marsha Revel said . After Revel ruled that Lohan had violated her probation in a 2007 drunken driving conviction by missing weekly alcohol counseling sessions , Lohan began sobbing as she addressed the court . "  I did do everthing that I was told to do and did the best I could , " she said . Earlier , the alcohol counseling program director testified at the probation revocation hearing that Lohan missed nine alcohol counseling sessions since December , when the judge ordered her to attend weekly classes or face jail . Lohan has apparently not missed a weekly counseling session since May 20 , when Revel ruled that there was "  probable cause to believe -LSB- Lohan -RSB- is in violation of probation " from a 2007 drunken driving conviction . Lohan was ordered not to drink alcohol and an electronic bracelet was fitted on her leg on May 24 to detect if she did . The SCRAM bracelet measured an alcohol level of 0.03 percent in the actress ' body at midnight on June 7 , but reported a zero reading four hours later , Revel said during Tuesday 's hearing . The alert would be a bond violation , but not a probation violation , she said . Revel said she would consider only if Lohan missed weekly alcohol counseling sessions , as Revel ordered in December . Cheryl Marshall , the director of the Right On program where Lohan has been attending counseling , testified Tuesday morning that Lohan would sometimes call ahead when she was going to miss a weekly session . A report from the program to the judge said Lohan "  kept making up creative excuses " about her absences , prosecutor Danette Meyers said . Lohan 's father , Michael Lohan , was in court for the hearing . The judge denied him a chance to speak , although she did accept a letter from him . Michael Lohan has been calling for the court to order his daughter into alcohol and drug rehab .	NEW : Lindsay Lohan gets 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions NEW : Lohan sobs in court : "  I did do everything that I was told to do and did the best I could " Report said Lohan used "  very creative excuses " for missed sessions
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev welcomed Cuban President Raul Castro to Moscow on Thursday , marking the first time any Cuban leader has visited Russia 's capital since Fidel Castro made a trip there 22 years ago at the end of the Cold War . Cuban President Raul Castro reviews honor guards after arriving Wednesday in Moscow , Russia . The two presidents appeared together on Russian state television in an informal meeting in which the Cuban leader spoke fondly of his last trip to Moscow almost 30 years ago . Medvedev and Raul Castro will discuss bilateral issues Friday during their official meeting at the Kremlin . "  We plan to reach the signing of a number of agreements aimed at the promotion of interaction of our countries in the trade-economic , financial-investment and cultural-humanitarian areas at the talks , " Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergei Lavrov told Prensa Latina in an interview posted on the official ministry Web site . "  In general , there is no doubt that Castro 's visit will contribute to the strengthening of the Russian-Cuban partnership . " The last time Medvedev and Castro spoke face to face was in November when Medvedev traveled to Latin America , including a stop in Cuba . The visit , during which Medvedev also met with Raul 's ailing brother , Fidel Castro , was part of a regional tour to Venezuela and Brazil , sending a poignant message to the United States that Russia is quickly gaining support in its backyard . After the collapse of Soviet Union , ties between communist Cuba and ex-communist Russia cooled . In 2001 , then-Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Havana , Cuba , to begin new talks with the former Cold War ally . Besides discussing the world 's hot spots and the global financial crisis , Medvedev and Raul Castro will "  focus on solving the issue of lifting the blockade from Cuba under the new U.S. administration , " Lavrov said , referring to the decades-old U.S. embargo against the Caribbean island nation . "  We hope that the joint position of the vast majority of members of the international community on this issue will finally contribute to revising U.S. approaches in a realistic manner , " Lavrov told the interviewers . "  On our side , we are ready to decisively pursue our line aimed at canceling the blockade , in which we can see a relic of the past era . " Castro 's visit is due to last until Wednesday .	Cuban president 's trip intended to strengthen ties with Russia Relations between the two countries cooled when Cold War ended Solving lifting of U.S. trade embargo on Cuba among items on agenda Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visited Cuba in November
CNN  -- One of the jurors in the trial of Michael Dunn said that race played no part in the case . The Florida jury on Saturday convicted Dunn , 47 , on three charges of attempted second-degree murder for shooting into an SUV holding four black teenagers , after arguing with Jordan Davis , 17 , about the volume of their music . Dunn is white ; Davis was black . The shots continued even as the SUV was fleeing , and Dunn was also convicted of one count of shooting into the vehicle . But a first-degree murder charge for Davis ' death resulted in a hung jury . "  I never once thought about , oh , this was a black kid . This was a white guy , " Juror No. 8 Creshuna Miles told CNN on Thursday . "  We did n't even think about the race aspect of it , " she said . "  Race was never a factor ... when I was making my decision . " The case , for Miles , was just about justice . "  When I walked into it , I just wanted to bring justice to whoever it was , " she said . Miles , 21 , said she believes Dunn is guilty of murder , but not as charged . She thinks he was guilty of second-degree murder . "  I think he is a good guy . I do n't think he hates everybody . I do n't think he walks around wanting to shoot everybody . I think that he made bad decisions , " she said . Like Juror No. 4 , who spoke to ABC News ' "  Nightline , " Miles said that the jury was split over the issue of self-defense . In his testimony , Dunn insisted that Davis threatened him and that he saw a gun . Police never recovered a weapon . Both jurors felt Dunn crossed a line when he continued to fire at the SUV as it fled the scene , that any threat Dunn may have felt earlier had passed . "  I was honestly convinced that he was in self-defense until he chased the car down and started shooting more , " Miles said . "  Even if initially you did n't have the opportunity to take yourself out of the situation to stop , running behind the car and shooting more , that 's where you completely push your limits . " Miles is one of two black women who served on the jury . The others were four white women , four white men , an Asian woman and a Hispanic man . ` Could not agree ' Miles said that Dunn 's fiancee , witness Rhonda Rouer , made the biggest impact on her . Rouer testified that in the weeks after the shooting , Dunn had never mentioned to her that he had seen a weapon of any kind . "  She 's the sweetest lady , you can tell . She was nervous . She was shaking . She was trembling , like she could hardly move , but she yet she still got up there and told the truth , " Miles said . "  She knew she had to tell the truth , but she knew how much it would hurt her life . But yet , she still told the truth . " Miles said that she and the other jurors "  just could not agree " on the murder charge . When asked what she would tell Davis ' family members , the juror said that she would tell them that she tried . "  I really did try . I tried to fight for his son . We , everyone that felt he was guilty , we fought and we fought and we fought , and I saw the look on his dad 's face when we came to nothing , " she said . "  I know it hurts . It 's like thinking you 've got this wound healed and then somebody slices it open again because now they have to go through that whole process all over again . " Misgivings about Florida law Miles spoke the same day Davis ' parents told CNN 's "  New Day " that Florida 's laws about self-defense need to be changed . "  We 're going to go to Tallahassee , the state capital , and we 're going to try to get the ` stand your ground ' law rewritten , " said Ron Davis . "  That 's our mission -- to make sure that we bring to light and expose all the laws in our nation that are not effective in keeping our citizens safe , " said the teen 's mother , Lucia McBath . Florida law says the use of deadly force is justifiable if someone reasonably believes that the force is necessary to prevent imminent death or great bodily harm . Its law also says people have no "  duty " to retreat from a would-be attacker , as do laws in 21 other states , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Dunn 's attorneys did not use the "  stand your ground " defense , but prosecutor Angela Corey told CNN on Wednesday that the laws need to revert to what they were before "  stand your ground " was enacted , in 2005 . "  I believe prosecutors and the sheriffs association are in favor of the former laws that we had on use of deadly force , and we do believe that , before someone should engage in a physical altercation , or especially an altercation where deadly force is used , we do believe there should be a duty to retreat , " she said . Ron Davis said the jurors who deliberated for four days whether his son 's killer committed premeditated murder in the first degree faced another hurdle in not being able to use their "  common sense , " as prosecutor John Guy had urged them to do in his closing-argument rebuttal . "  Common sense and the law is not the same thing , unfortunately , " Davis said . "  To the layman , premeditation is if you go home to get a gun or you go in your car separately to get a gun or you plan something -- to us , that 's premeditation . But to the law , it could be three seconds . " Despite his assertion that the current law was responsible for the hung jury , Davis said he supported Corey 's decision to retry Dunn on the murder charge . "  The world needs to know that Jordan Davis did nothing wrong and that this man is guilty of killing our son , of murdering our son , " he said . ` Rap crap ' The incident occurred November 23 , 2012 , when Dunn pulled into a gas station in Jacksonville , parking next to a red Dodge Durango with four teenagers inside . The teens had gone there for gum and cigarettes ; Dunn , had just left his son 's wedding with his fiancee , who 'd gone inside the convenience store for wine and chips . Dunn did n't like the loud music -- "  rap crap , " he called it -- coming from the teens ' SUV . So he asked them to turn it down . What followed next is a matter of debate . Dunn testified that Davis threatened him , and he decided to take matters into his own hands upon seeing what he thought was the barrel of a gun sticking out of the Durango . But prosecutors say Dunn lost control , firing 10 bullets , nine of which struck the SUV , over music he did n't like . "  My intent was to stop the attack , not necessarily end a life , " he testified . "  It just worked out that way . " Police found a basketball , basketball shoes , clothing , a camera tripod and cups inside the Durango , but no gun . CNN 's Ed Payne , Greg Botelho , Steve Almasy and Sunny Hostin contributed to this report .	NEW : The case was about justice , not race , says Creshuna Miles Michael Dunn killed Jordan Davis , 17 , after an argument over loud music Jury was hung on the charge of first-degree murder
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Paris Jackson waited at home Sunday , hoping for a phone call from her grandmother , the woman who has cared for her since her father , Michael Jackson , died three years ago . "  yes , my grandmother is missing , " Paris Jackson , 14 , tweeted Sunday morning . "  i have n't spoken with her in a week i want her home now . " A nephew reported Jackson family matriarch Katherine Jackson , 82 , missing late Saturday after her grandchildren were unable to get in touch with her for a week . It is the latest chapter in a messy dispute between several of Jackson 's children and her advisers over her finances and legal affairs . Jackson 's nephew , Trent , filed the report with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office . But one of her sons involved in the dispute said in a series of Twitter postings Friday that Katherine Jackson was fine and resting in Arizona . "  I want to reassure everyone  inc all sudden medical experts  that Mother is fine but is resting up in AZ on the orders of a doctor , not us , " Jermaine Jackson tweeted . "  This is our mother and her health is paramount . We are not inventing or plotting anything . We are following doctor 's advice . Period , " he added . Paris Jackson 's responded to her uncle 's claim with her own tweet early Sunday . "  the same doctor that testified on behalf of dr murray saying my father was a drug addict  a lie  is caring for my grandmother ... just saying " she tweeted . The doctor who examined Jackson at her home on July 14 was Dr. Allan Metzger , according to Katherine Jackson attorney Sandra Ribera . Metzger was a defense expert witness for Dr. Conrad Murray last year . Murray was subsequently convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson 's death . Dr. Metzger was brought into Jackson 's Calabasas , California , home "  under false pretenses " by saying he was sent by her primary care physician , Ribera said . "  We came to find out that her doctor has no association with Dr. Metzger . " The doctor advised Jackson that it was better for her to take a plane on a trip planned for the next day , rather than ride in a RV driven by Trent Jackson , Ribera said . Jackson left with her oldest daughter , Rebbie , the next day to fly to Albuquerque , New Mexico , to attend a Jackson brothers concert two days later , she said . But she never arrived at the concert , Ribera said . When Paris Jackson called her aunts Rebbie and Janet over the past several days to find her grandmother , she was told each time she could not speak to her , Ribera said . In another tweet , Paris Jackson gave out her bodyguard 's phone number and asked people to call the authorities if they saw her grandmother . "  The kids were trying to get a hold of their grandmother and they have n't been able to reach her for almost a week , " Ribera said . "  They are told she 's unavailable . " "  I 'm concerned that she 's not safe , " Ribera added . Jackson "  has never gone 24 hours without talking to her kids , " she said . "  I 'm concerned that she would never do this . We have no idea what 's going on with her . No one has talked to her . " CNN reached out to Janet Jackson 's representatives several times but did not hear back . Family , fans remember Michael Jackson The sheriff 's homicide-missing persons unit has been asked to investigate , Ribera said . A letter was made public Wednesday in which two daughters , Rebbie and Janet , and three sons -- Jermaine , Randy and Tito -- charge that Katherine Jackson was being mistreated by the executors of Michael Jackson 's estate and mis-advised by her manager and lawyer .	NEW : A doctor examined Katherine Jackson "  under false pretenses , " her lawyer says "  i have n't spoken with her in a week i want her home now , " Paris tweets "  Mother is fine but is resting up in AZ , " Jermaine Jackson tweets She has not called Michael Jackson 's three children in a week , the lawyer says
Washington  CNN  Groups urging Sen. Elizabeth Warren to run for president in 2016 are kicking off their New Hampshire organizing efforts with a rally on Saturday in Manchester . MoveOn.org and Democracy for America , two liberal groups urging the progressive senator to run , are dispatching grassroots organizers to the first-in-the-nation primary state this week with the goal of encouraging local volunteers , politicians and activists to help convince Warren she needs to run for president . "  Our folks on the ground are going to reach out to the really strong activist community that exists in New Hampshire , " said Neil Sroka , Democracy for America 's spokesman . "  We want to show Elizabeth Warren that if she decided to get into the race , there is a strong grassroots army ready to do everything a candidate needs to run a competitive race in the Granite State . " Saturday will make the start of these efforts . Leaders from Democracy for America , MoveOn.org and other progressive come together for their first meeting in New Hampshire , with the goal of charting next steps in convincing Warren to run . Those steps are likely to include opening offices across the state and dispatching more organizers in the coming months . The "  Run Warren Run " efforts , which launched late last year , have so far picked up over 200,000 supporters across the country . While they are n't alone -- groups like super PAC Ready for Warren have been organizing around a possible Warren run since early last year -- the coalition of MoveOn and DFA has been some of the most organized work around the senator . That said , the efforts have so far not moved the Massachusetts senator to make a run at the presidency and , in some respects , Warren has moved further away from a run . In an interview published by Fortune Magazine on Tuesday , Warren was asked by former FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair whether if she will run for president . "  No , " the Massachusetts senator flatly said . That is new , given the senator has repeatedly knocked down presidential speculation by simply saying , "  I am not running for president . " The denial is in present tense , meaning Warren was n't running for president at this moment . When some reporters pressed her on this , Warren would just repeat , "  I am not running for president . " If she does decide to run , though , she would n't be the first politician to change their mind on a presidential bid . Warren outlined her liberal economic agenda earlier this month in a campaign-style speech that electrified liberal and labor organizers in the audience . "  For more than 30 years , too many politicians in Washington have made deliberate choices that favored those with money and power , " she told the AFL-CIO audience . "  And the consequence is that instead of an economy that works well for everyone , America now has an economy that works well for about 10 percent of the people . " RELATED : AFL-CIO president trumpets Warren , calls for Dems to pick sides on labor issues in 2015 Speeches like that , Sroka said , have made the liberal organizers more upbeat about their plans . Their view is that if more people saw Warren speak , they would be convinced to support her . "  We have watched very , very closely , " the organizer said of Warren 's speeches . "  What you saw there was a senator and frankly a potential presidential candidate speaking out for million of Americans who are struggling to get by and laying out a popular progressive economic message for the country . " He concluded , "  That is the kind of speech a presidential candidate might make . "	Pro-Warren liberal groups will start their New Hampshire organizing efforts with a rally on Saturday in Manchester They are trying to urge Warren to run for President and plan to open offices and dispatch organizers to the state In an interview published Tuesday , though , Warren flatly said "  no " when asked if she is running for president
CNN  -- The medical examiner has ruled that the death of Daniel Kerrigan , the father of figure skater Nancy Kerrigan , was a homicide , the Middlesex County district attorney 's office said Tuesday . The skater 's brother , Mark , was arraigned in January on assault and battery charges in an incident involving his father , but the district attorney 's office would not say if other charges might be filed against the younger Kerrigan in light of the medical examiner 's finding . Daniel Kerrigan , 70 , died January 24 after an alleged altercation with his son at the Kerrigan home in Stoneham , Massachusetts . The Kerrigan family released a statement through their attorney expressing disappointment "  that the medical examiner would release a cause of death without having all of the relevant facts . We believe this finding to be premature and inaccurate . " "  The Kerrigan family does not blame anyone for the unfortunate death of Dan Kerrigan , who had a pre-existing heart condition , " said the family statement , released by attorney Tracy Miner . Mark Kerrigan , 45 , pleaded not guilty to the charges against him January 26 . Through his attorney , he denied any responsibility in his father 's death . According to Middlesex County Assistant District Attorney Elizabeth Keeley , police responded to a 911 call at approximately 1:30 a.m. January 24 from Brenda Kerrigan , wife of Daniel and mother to Mark and Nancy Kerrigan . Keeley told District Court Judge Mark Sullivan during the arraignment for Mark Kerrigan that there was a violent argument and struggle between the father and his son , resulting in the elder Kerrigan falling or collapsing on the kitchen floor . Keeley said Mark Kerrigan told authorities "  that he did in fact have an argument with his father , the argument became physical , he grabbed his father around the neck , and at some point the father collapsed to the floor . " According to Keeley , police found Mark Kerrigan in the basement of the house , "  clearly intoxicated " and "  extremely combative . " He refused to comply with police officers , said Keeley , and they had to subdue him with pepper spray before forcibly removing him from the home . Mark Kerrigan 's attorney , Denise Moore , said in court that Kerrigan was unemployed , was recently released from a correctional facility and was living at home with his parents . He is taking medications and seeking psychological help for post-traumatic stress , apparently from his time in the Army , she added . Despite appeals from his attorney , the judge ordered Kerrigan held on $ 10,000 cash bail . His next court appearance is expected to be February 24 . Nancy Kerrigan first gained prominence by winning a bronze medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France . In 1994 she earned a silver medal in Lillehammer , Norway . But she is perhaps best remembered for being injured in an attack before the 1994 Winter Games by skating rival Tonya Harding 's ex-husband and an accomplice .	NEW : Death of figure skater 's father on January 24 ruled a homicide Daniel Kerrigan , 70 , died after a "  violent argument and struggle " with his son Mark Kerrigan in jail on assault and battery charges , may face additional charges He is being held on $ 10,000 cash bail ; next court appearance is February 24
Rafael Nadal completed his preparations for the U.S. Open by claiming the title in Cincinnati for the first time with a hard-fought 7-6 7-6 win over home hope John Isner Sunday . It was his 26th victory at a Masters 1000 tournament and second in succession after lifting the trophy in Montreal last week . Nadal , who has won nine titles in 2013 in a remarkable run since returning to the ATP circuit after injury in February , has moved to No. 2 in the world off the back of that success . It has relegated Britain 's Andy Murray , who will be defending his U.S. Open crown when the action starts at Flushing Meadows on August 26 , to third seed when the draw is made later this week . Only a shock first round exit at Wimbledon has interrupted Nadal 's charge to the top of the rankings with three of his successes coming on hard courts on top of his traditional dominance on clay . Isner , who had beaten World No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals , forced two set points at 6-5 on Nadal 's service in the opener , but could not punish his Spanish opponent . Nadal eventually took the subsequent tiebreak 10-8 before another closely fought second set . He could not force a single break point on the service of the giant Isner , but in the second tiebreaker forged a 5-1 lead to take control . A typical cross court winner gave Nadal victory in a shade under two hours , collapsing to the ground in trade mark fashion . It was his 15th straight victory on hard courts and he will be the man in form for the final grand slam of the season , looking at add to his French Open success earlier this year . "  This title is very important for me , the Open is still a week away , " he told the crowd after his victory . "  This is the time to enjoy this one . In a few days I 'll start thinking about the Open , " he added . But there was an upset in the women 's final as Victoria Azarenka recovered from a set down to beat World No. 1 Serena Williams 2-6 6-2 7-6 in two and a half hours . The second seed from Belarus had beaten Williams earlier this year in Doha , just after claiming the first grand slam of the season in Australia . But the latest triumph was only her third over the American in 15 attempts , giving her a morale boost ahead of next week in New York .	Rafael Nadal wins Cincinnati Masters title Beats John Isner in two tiebreak sets Up to No. 2 in world with latest triumph Victoria Azarenka beats Serena Williams in women 's final
It is , in the words of one frustrated official , "  one of the biggest open crime scenes in the world . " And yet , 11 days after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was blown out of the sky by a suspected surface-to-air missile , the Dutch investigators in charge of finding out what happened have yet to lay eyes on the wreckage or the human remains believed to remain strewn across the enormous debris field . The latest setback came Monday , when a 45-person team of Dutch and Australian experts , accompanied by monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , abandoned their effort to reach the site after hearing explosions and being warned of heavy fighting in the area . It 's the same thing that happened Sunday . "  We 're really sick and tired of being delayed , " Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe spokesman Michael Bociurkiw told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  We all know there are still human remains out there exposed to the elements , number one , " he said . "  Secondly , it is one of the biggest open crime scenes in the world as we speak , and it is not secured . There 's no security perimeter around the 30 - or 35-square-kilometer site . " According to unconfirmed reports from pro-Russian rebels , Ukraine 's military broke through to part of the crash site Monday and had stationed armored personnel carriers and dug trenches there . "  Safe work of experts and observers is impossible , " Vladimir Antyufeev , the acting Prime Minister for the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , said Monday . The United Nations and other countries have repeatedly called for a cease-fire to allow investigators a safe working environment at the crash site , which the U.N. human rights chief said Monday could be the scene of a war crime . The Malaysian government had struck a deal with rebels to allow unarmed international police officers to guard the site , but the fighting has made that impossible . "  This is a contested zone . There is active fighting going on , " Andrew Colvin , deputy commissioner of the Australian Federal Police , said at a news conference Monday in Canberra . "  We are working on the basis that if it 's a permissive environment , we will go in , " he said . Bociurkiw said Monday that investigators will try to reach the site again Tuesday . "  We will keep trying every day , " he said . A CNN crew joined the convoy that attempted to go to the crash site Monday , but the media were stopped by armed men near Shakhtorsk . The forensic teams turned around not long later . Other people were also fleeing the violence . One man said jets were flying over his home . "  My little one is terrified , " the man said . Identifying the bodies As of Monday , 227 coffins bearing remains from the crashed plane had been sent to the Netherlands , where forensic investigators were working to identify them . Of the 298 people killed in the crash , 193 were Dutch , 43 were Malaysian , and 27 were Australian . More than 200 forensics experts from all over the world are working at a Dutch military base to identify the remains , according to Howard Day , who is leading the effort . Investigators are n't sure how many sets of remains they have . Only one victim -- a Dutch man -- has been identified . "  This will take weeks ; it will take months , " Day said . Experts are using a variety of approaches in their work , including dental records , DNA analysis and fingerprints , he said . "  We do n't just identify people from a photograph or from an item of property that may be on them , because there 's been countless mistakes , examples of mistakes where that 's happened in the past over the years , even small incidents , like car crashes , " he said . Russian role in conflict debated The fighting appeared to be moving southeast from Horlivka , a city about 30 miles  about 50 kilometers  northwest of the crash site . At least 13 people , including two children , were killed in fighting Sunday in and near Horlivka , the Donetsk Regional Authority said . At least 332 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed and nearly 1,300 have been injured since April 7 , according to Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council and law enforcement agencies . There is no known figure for the number of rebels killed . Meanwhile , debate continued over Russia 's role in the conflict . On Sunday , the State Department released satellite images that it said showed Russians firing into Ukraine . "  We are putting out evidence to confirm the points that not only has Russia been providing the weapons across the border , including heavy weapons , but they have also now been firing artillery barrages across the border , " senior White House adviser Ben Rhodes said . Russian officials have denied arming the rebels . At a news conference Monday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he hoped that deployment of an Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe observer mission at two checkpoints on the Russian-Ukrainian border would clarify what was happening on the ground . Russia wants ` impartial ' MH17 investigation U.S. and Ukrainian officials have said that a Russian-made missile system was used to shoot down Flight 17 from rebel territory . Russia and the rebels have disputed the allegations and blamed Ukraine for the crash . On Monday , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said that what happened "  may amount to a war crime . " "  It is imperative that a prompt , thorough , effective , independent and impartial investigation be conducted into this event , " Pillay said . Russia announced over the weekend that it had formed a team to join the investigation , state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . It will be led by the deputy head of the Federal Air Transport Agency , Oleg Storchevoy . Lavrov called for an "  impartial " investigation carried out with agreement from the U.N. Security Council . But State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Monday on CNN that the United States has little faith in what Russia says . "  The Russians have mastered the art of saying one thing and doing another , " she said . Russian foreign minister shrugs off sanctions The United States will place new sanctions on Russia this week , White House Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken announced Monday without elaborating . Representatives from EU member states will meet Tuesday to consider the proposals , according to the EU website . The new proposals include sanctions on weapons , goods that can be used for both civilian and military purposes , access to European capital markets and on the export of energy technology from Europe to Russia . Psaki said Monday that what happens next is up to Russia . "  We 're seeing a serious impact of just the sanctions we have put in place to date , " she said . "  The Europeans want to do more . We expect they 'll do more , " Psaki said . "  So the question for the Russians is , do they care about the economy and how it 's impacting their people , or are they just going to be in denial about what impact these sanctions are having ? " Lavrov said Monday that the Russian government was n't happy about all the sanctions but that the country would overcome any economic difficulties and become more independent as a result . "  We are only seeing the desire of our Western partners to punish Russia , " he said . Also Monday , the United States accused Russia of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty , citing cruise missile tests that date to 2008 , senior State Department and White House officials said . "  This is a very serious matter which we have attempted to address with Russia for some time now , " said a senior State Department official . Russia 's suspected violation of the treaty was first reported Monday by The New York Times . "  The 2014 Compliance Report of the treaty includes a determination that the Russian Federation is in violation of its INF Treaty obligations not to possess , produce , or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range capability of 500 to 5,500 kilometers  310 to 3,417 miles  , or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles , " a White House official said , adding that they "  have kept the Congress and our allies informed of this matter . " The violation was for cruise missile tests that date back to 2008 , prompting an administration review as to whether the tests are in violation of the 1987 treaty between the United States and Russia banning medium range missiles . Officials told CNN that Washington had called for senior-level talks , but insisted the situation was not related to the violence in Ukraine . What you need to know about Russia and sanctions Malaysian PM 's ` quiet diplomacy ' Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels	Effort to identify bodies will take weeks or months , head of forensics team says Rebel leader says Ukraine military breaks through to part of crash site Flare-up in fighting near crash site in eastern Ukraine turns back investigation team Washington preparing further sanctions against Moscow
Washington  CNN  -- Homeowners who wound up paying thousands more dollars in special taxes than their neighbors for the same sewage service found no relief at the Supreme Court on Monday . The justices , by a 6-3 vote , upheld the decision by city officials in Indianapolis to deny refunds for some residents who paid their assessment fees up front , while forgiving the remaining taxes of those choosing an installment plan . Chief Justice John Roberts , in a tough dissent , said the result was a "  gross disparity . " Those with the heftier bills sued , saying their Equal Protection rights under the Constitution were being violated . The city had abandoned its installment plan option after just one year , and Justice Stephen Breyer said that was a proper exercise of government , since it reduced administrative costs . "  The city had a rational basis for distinguishing between those lot owners who had already paid their share of project costs and those who had not . And we conclude there is no equal protection violation , " he said . "  State law says nothing about forgiveness , how to design a forgiveness program , or whether or when rational distinctions in doing so are permitted . " He said the Supreme Court stepping in "  would risk transforming ordinary violations of ordinary state tax law into violations of the federal Constitution . " Indiana allows public works projects to be apportioned , meaning costs can be spread equally along "  all abutting lands or lots . " The Brisbane/Manning Sanitary Sewers Project began in 2001 , to connect about 180 Indianapolis homes to the city 's existing sewage system . Thirty-eight homeowners individually decided to pay their assessments up front -- $ 9,278 . The rest agreed to monthly installments spread over 10 to 30 years , including interest . But the city soon decided to shelve the long-standing assessment plan , concluding the lot-by-lot payments were discouraging families from moving from less healthy septic systems to more efficient sewer systems . The new public improvements financing system adopted by Indianapolis now relies on a single , flat $ 2,500 fee to connect sewer lines . City-issued bonds would help cover remaining costs . Outstanding payments under the old method were canceled , but refunds were denied those who had already paid in in full . Court records show some property owners on the installment plan paid as little as $ 309 , and a quarter of the rest put in less than $ 1,000 . The 38 homeowners who had paid in full asked for a partial refund , but officials in the state capital said in a letter that to provide one "  would establish a precedent of unfair and inequitable treatment to all property owners " who had also paid the assessments throughout the city , even partially . Thirty-one homeowners then sued , claiming disparate treatment . The average claim was about $ 8,000 . Breyer said the city 's desire to reduce "  financial hardships " for those paying under the old lot-by-lot system was adequate justification for the change , and did not amount to a constitutional violation . He said the controversy was a local one , not implicating interstate commerce . But Roberts disagreed sharply . "  Every generation or so , a case comes along when this court needs to say enough is enough , if the Equal Protection Clause is to retain any force in this context . " Joined by Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito , Roberts added that the city promised to treat all homeowners the same , but "  ended up charging some homeowners 30 times what it charged their neighbors for the same hook-ups . The equal protection violation is plain . " Groups opposing the city were disappointed in the decision . "  The Equal Protection Clause is supposed to mean what it says : that people are entitled to equal treatment , " explained Institute for Justice attorney Robert McNamara , who filed a supporting brief in the case . "  But the lesson of today 's decision is less ` people must be treated equally ' and more ` never pay the government up front . ' " The case is Armour v. City of Indianapolis  11-161  .	Homeowners seeking a refund of special tax payments lose their appeal The Supreme Court , in a 6-3 ruling , says the city had a rational basis for its action Some homeowners paid thousands more before the city changed its payment plan
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A humble pigeon has just flown into a herd of pouncing cats ! The white-colored bird had to spend time at an Indian police station along the country 's sensitive border with Pakistan as speculation grew it could be a spy on a mission from the neighboring nation . Officers say the pigeon was captured by residents of a border town in Punjab state 's Amritsar district . They found it "  peculiar " , said district police chief Gurmeet Singh Chohan . A Pakistani address stamped on its wings worried residents last week who then brought the bird to the police . "  It was kept at the police station for a day and now we have handed it over to wildlife  authorities  , " Chohan said . He denied news reports that the pigeon was "  detained " and became subject of a probe . "  In an era of spy planes and satellites , the Amritsar  rural  police have detained a white pigeon that could have been -- the police claim -- used as a Pakistani spy , " wrote the Hindustan Times in a page-one story Saturday . But Chohan claimed the spy theory was only "  speculation " on the part of local residents and that authorities did not endorse it . He also accused the media of misreporting the police role in connection with the captured bird , which he insisted was just fed by the officers . The Indian Express newspaper carried a picture showing a man holding the pigeon in his palm in front of a lock-up . But Chohan downplayed the photograph as a shot staged by camera crews . Pigeon-racing is a common rural sport in the Punjab region divided between India and Pakistan , he said . Kite-flying is another common passion . "  On many occasions in the past , kites from across the border too have come in , " Chohan said . India and Pakistan have fought three wars , two over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir , since the partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947 . Both nuclear-armed nations are in a fresh bid to mend their ties strained after the 2008 terror attack on Mumbai that India blamed on Pakistan-based militants . In April , Indian and Pakistani prime ministers met at Thimphu , Bhutan in what was seen as a thaw in the troubled relations between their countries . At a news conference in New Delhi last week , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh noted that both countries needed to build trust for better relations . "  The trust deficit is the biggest problem and unless we tackle the trust deficit , we can not move to substantive negotiations , " Singh remarked . " ... At Thimphu ,  Pakistan  Prime Minister  Yousaf Raza  Gilani and I have agreed that trust deficit is a major problem blocking progress in the direction of moving forward ... , " he said .	Residents bring bird to police Suspicion is raised that it might be spying for Pakistan Had Pakistani address stamped on its wings Bird handed over to wildlife authorities
London  CNN  British prosecutors have started a second attempt to convict a man of terrorism after he was caught with bomb-making directions , in a highly unusual case being heard partly in secret . The man , Erol Incedal , was found guilty last year of having details of how to make a bomb , but a jury failed to reach a decision on the more serious charge of plotting a terror attack . A new jury was selected Tuesday , and prosecutor Richard Whittam began the state 's second try . Incedal was arrested in October 2013 and found to have the address of a property belonging to former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife , Whittam told the jury . He also had the instructions for how to make a bomb on an SD card concealed between his phone and its case , Whittam said . Incedal does not need to have planned a specific attack or had a target in mind to be guilty of plotting terror , the prosecutor told the jury . The case is extremely unusual in that the media and public will be barred from hearing some of the evidence . A select group of 10 journalists will be allowed to hear other parts of the trial , but must leave their notes in court . The rest of the trial is open to the public . Incedal denies the charges . The trial could last for several months . London terror suspect recording : ` Terrorist ' is a great word	Erol Incedal was convicted last year of having bomb-making instructions A jury deadlocked on a more serious charge of plotting terrorism Incedal denies the charges
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Long gone are the days of ice sculptures and crepe suzette served up as a matter of course in first class cabins on airliners . But what is presented to premium passengers can still rival some top hotels or restaurants , and can often act as a good barometer for the health of an airline 's fortunes . "  When times get tough , food is one of the costs airlines can cut without jeopardizing safety , " says Andreas Weber , general manager of airline catering company , Gate Gourmet . "  It has changed back and forth  over time  ; airlines go through crises , " he says . "  Today  more airlines are investing substantially in their first and business class products . Making people comfortable in big seats , everyone is doing that already , but what is left is the catering experience . " Responsible for getting 15,000 meals a day onto planes departing Hong Kong International Airport , Gate Gourmet is well versed in meeting the demands of both airlines and passengers . It is one of three catering companies operating at the airport . Read more : How airlines choose high-flying wines Erich Seifert , head of production at the facility that employs over 300 people , is often faced with demands for a particular meal for a first class customer at short notice . "  The customer is always right , we have to make it , " he says , noting that special requests from airlines can come less than a couple of hours before a flight 's departure . Being able to react to last-minute requests for wagyu beef or whatever form the fancy of a passenger takes is down to a strict process -- from taking delivery of fresh ingredients in the morning to rolling out the meals on trolleys , all plated up on trays ready to be served on an evening flight . Read more : Google Street View goes inside the A380 "  We 're not like a lab yet , " says Seifert of the kitchens that look much like any large-scale catering facility . "  We have lots of standards and procedures ; we can trace every product , everything is recorded , what is cooked , when and how . " That is to ensure that should anything go amiss or the food is not satisfactory Seifert can tell where in the process it might have happened . But if the whims of premium passengers must be indulged as one-offs , general safety and hygiene are constant with the 24-hour operation . "  It 's essential for us the food is safe , this is our first priority . The first thing our people learn is the rule to wash hands , change clothes , cover hair , no jewelry and recording of all items , " says Seifert . Gate Gourmet 's facility at the edge of the airport could almost be a drive-thru for planes , it 's just a few hundred yards from the southern runway . Read more : Place your bid for an upgrade With the roar of jet engines in the background , dedicated chefs in the Indian , Middle Eastern and Chinese sections of the kitchens oversee the production of different meals for 17 international airlines . The "  blast chillers " are one exceptional piece of kitchen kit not usually found in regular restaurant kitchens . They are used to quickly bring the temperature down from cooking temperature to around 4 degrees Celsius ; the required temperature food must be when delivered to planes . Much of the first and business class cuisine , from scallop dumplings to macaron desserts , are hand-made and prepared directly to an airline 's specifications . Many of these carriers have a celebrity chef behind the creation of the menu . "  Usually the higher-end airlines send their own menus , or others will ask us to for the whole thing to develop it for them , " says Siefert . "  Most of them will make proposals ; our proposals will combine with theirs , and they give us roughly a vision of their food and they will come to our facility . It can be a very stressful day actually ... you have to change this and you have to take all the weights and record it all down to make sure it is exactly like this . " Read more : Economy class goes gourmet Those plating up the meals have pictorial guides , so when the food is served or the foil lid removed , passengers do n't lose their appetite with sloppy presentation . "  That 's what the customer wants and that 's what the customer insists , " says Siefert . For those who do n't have the luxury of sitting at the front of the plane , the hardy perennials of airline food -- beef , chicken and fish -- will continue to be the mainstay of dining in the sky . "  Most of the flying public they are not adventurous ; you wo n't be finding braised rabbit or pigeon on an aircraft , " says Weber . "  But we work with a lot of international customers so there 's a high expectation , especially as Hong Kong is a culinary hub . Even if you go for a dai pai dong , here the food is good . "	Much of premium class airline food is hand-prepared Gate Gourmet one of three airline catering facilities next to Hong Kong airport Company produces around 15,000 meals each day
The latest round of peace talks with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  remains the Turkish government 's best bet not just to solve the country 's 29-year old "  Kurdish problem " but also to feed its energy-hungry population and wean it off costly and politically risky Russian and Iranian energy imports . To cope with a fast-growing economy and an increasing demand for energy , Turkey must ensure an adequate energy supply . So far , its power generation has largely relied on Russian and Iranian imports . The Syria crisis , however , has created a rift between Turkey and these energy suppliers , leaving the Turkish economy vulnerable to regional dynamics and price shocks . To fuel its growing economy and reduce its account deficit driven by high prices of oil and gas , Turkey has been scrambling to find alternative energy resources . To that end , the Turkish government has quietly been building up its energy presence in the Kurdistan Regional Government 's  KRG  oil and gas industry . On March 25 , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani negotiated a framework deal that included Turkish stakes in exploration blocks and terms for the direct pipeline export of oil and gas from the KRG . The pipeline will allow Kurdish crude oil to be transported from the KRG directly into Turkey , bypassing Baghdad and setting up the KRG as a competitive supplier of oil to Turkey . In an effort to stave off political tension with Baghdad and Washington , the parties did not sign a government-to-government deal ; instead , they turned the KRG energy portfolio over to public and private energy companies . In the spring of this year , Turkey established a state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern Iraq . In January , Genel Energy , an Anglo-Turkish exploration and production company , was awarded the right to ship oil directly from the area . Since then , the company has been exporting crude oil from the KRG 's Taq Taq fields to Turkey 's Ceyhan port by truck . The amount of oil exported from Taq Taq will grow significantly when the construction of the pipeline is completed by the end of this year . The KRG 's gas resources are even more appealing to Turkey . In 2012 , Turkey 's daily gas demand was 125 million cubic meters ; this figure is likely to double this winter . As such , Turkey is expected to be one of Europe 's biggest gas consumers in a decade . Kurdish gas is attractive to Turkey because the framework agreement between Turkey and the KRG includes specific terms on the price of gas . Turkey thus has leverage over pricing . Some experts have said the KRG 's supplies could be three times cheaper than Russian and Iranian sources due to this leverage . This energy cooperation between the KRG and Turkey has been expanding rapidly . About a dozen Turkish companies have applied to Turkey 's energy watchdog to obtain licenses to import gas from and construct oil pipelines in the KRG , and the KRG recently granted six Turkish companies permission to explore for oil . Last month , news leaked that a Turkish company was issued a license to import natural gas directly from the KRG . The Turkish state company Botas has also started construction of a gas pipeline from the KRG to Turkey 's southeastern city of Mardin . Through this energy partnership , Turkey can secure an alternative low-cost supplier and realize Erdogan 's goal of promoting Turkey as an energy hub , and the KRG can ensure its economic independence from Baghdad . But the success of the Turkey-KRG energy partnership hinges on the peaceful resolution of Turkey 's Kurdish problem . The PKK has used pipeline attacks as a means of targeting Turkey 's strategic assets . Until very recently , PKK attacks on pipelines knocked out oil and gas flows , forcing Turkey to buy Russian and Azeri gas at higher prices and keeping the Iraq-Turkey route mostly idle . In order to assure pipeline security and investment confidence , Turkey must finish what it started a year ago . In an effort to end three decades of fighting between Turkey and the PKK , Turkish intelligence started negotiations with the imprisoned PKK leader , Abdullah Ocalan , in 2012 . As part of settlement talks , the PKK declared a ceasefire in March 2013 and started its withdrawal from Turkey toward its camps in northern Iraq in May . No serious fighting has been reported since , but that could change . Last month , the PKK announced that it halted its pull-out as both sides accused each other of failing to respect their part of the deal . Late last month , the Turkish government unveiled a reform package that allows the use of Kurdish language in election campaigns , lifts restrictions on the use of the Kurdish language in private schools , abolishes the requirement to recite the pledge of allegiance that forced schoolchildren to declare that "  I am a Turk , " and allows Kurdish towns to use their Kurdish names . For the Kurds , however , the reform package seems to only move forward halfway . Kurds have long asked for the right to public education in Kurdish , and the package only applies to private schools . The democratization package also does not offer concrete steps to address the Kurdish demand to lower the 10 per cent electoral threshold , which has mainly been used to keep pro-Kurdish parties out of parliament . After the announcement , the PKK warned that it may end the unilateral ceasefire . After a visit by Kurdish politicians to the prison island of Imrali where Ocalan has been held since 1999 , the Kurdish leader also relayed a message asking the government to lay the legal groundwork to address all Kurdish demands or risk a breakdown in talks . But for the Turkish government , there is no easy way forward . With the 2014 local and presidential elections looming and no end in sight for the Syrian civil war , political uncertainty seems guaranteed . In the highly charged pre-election atmosphere , the Turkish government has to operate such that it does not alienate nationalists while at the same time keeps the peace process moving . Yet the bigger challenge facing Turkish decision-makers is the regional fallout from the war in Syria . Turkish media is reporting that in retaliation to Turkey 's stance in Syria , Iranian intelligence has been talking to the PKK leadership in northern Iraq 's Qandil Mountains to convince it to abandon the peace process , promising support for Kurdish demands for autonomy in northern Syria in return . For Turkey , the stakes are higher than ever . Finding a peaceful resolution to its Kurdish problem will not only remove a strategic vulnerability ; it will also ensure a less costly and politically less risky energy alternative to Russia and Iran and will realize Erdogan 's dream of making Turkey one of the world 's ten largest economies by 2023 -- the hundredth anniversary of the Turkish Republic .	Syria 's war has created rift between Turkey and energy suppliers Iran and Russia Turkey negotiating deals with Kurdish energy firms to fill fuel gap Turkey has also established state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern Iraq
CNN  -- A decade ago , Britain 's Labor government was badly divided over whether to join the Euro . The prime minister strongly supported the idea , as did much of the British business community and many leading media voices . One of the proponents ' most effective tactics was to ridicule opponents as cranky and xenophobic -- even borderline racist . Here for example is a correspondent for the Guardian deriding some of them , members of the U.K. Independence Party  Ukip  , back , in 2004 . "  In the pub I encounter Reg Mahrra , an Indian Ukipper . ' I want out of Europe , ' he says . ` Europe is a disease . ' " That 's hardly an argument to take seriously . Only ... the Euro opponents were totally right . Right for the wrong reasons , but still right . It 's human nature to assess difficult questions , not on the merits , but on our feelings about the different "  teams " that form around different answers . To cite a painful personal experience : During the decision-making about the Iraq war , I was powerfully swayed by the fact that the proposed invasion of Iraq was supported by those who had been most right about the Cold War -- and was most bitterly opposed by those who had been wrongest about the Cold War . Yet in the end , it is not teams that matter . It is results . As Queen Victoria 's first prime minister bitterly quipped after a policy fiasco : "  What wise men had promised has not happened . What the damned fools predicted has actually come to pass . " Which brings us to the uproar over the Heritage Foundation 's study of the fiscal effects of immigration -- and the revelation that one of the study 's coauthors wrote a Ph.D. dissertation asserting large and enduring differences in intelligence between different ethnic and racial groups . Heritage is a powerful conservative think tank in Washington , very influential on Capitol Hill . On May 6 , Heritage released a study of the likely budget effects of the Senate plan to open a "  pathway to citizenship " for the 10 + million people who live in the United States in violation of the nation 's immigration laws . The study found that the plan would add $ 6.3 trillion to the nation 's budget deficits over the next 50 years . That conclusion ignited a huge controversy . Still , even the fiercest critics had to concede the basic validity of Heritage 's claim . In the words of Keith Hennessey , formerly director of the National Economic Council under President George W. Bush and an ardent supporter of the "  pathway to citizenship " : "  I expect making 8-9 million people here illegally into U.S. citizens would increase future deficits once these people are eligible for benefits . " The pathway to citizenship will add to deficits because of these basic demographic facts about the illegal population : It is very large and it is very low-skilled . As is , the immigrant population in the United States earns less and depends more on government benefits than the native-born population . As formerly illegal residents gain access to more benefits , that dependency can only rise . Perhaps the ultimate cost of legalization will be less than Heritage estimated : $ 4 trillion , say . Conceivably , the cost could be even higher . But it will be a cost , and it will be large -- nobody can gainsay that . Instead , critics respond with a non-sequitur : never mind the effects on government budgets , look instead at immigration 's impact on the overall economy . The trouble for them , however , is that every reputable study -- headed by the most exhaustive of them all , the 1997 National Academy of Science study -- finds that the economic benefits of immigration are very small , fractions of a penny for each dollar of national income , with the largest share of those benefits captured by the immigrants themselves . But it 's a basic rule of politics : If you ca n't disprove the message , you try to discredit the messenger . And one of Heritage 's messengers sure enough proved discreditable . While work on the Heritage study was led by that think tank 's welfare expert , Bob Rector , the heavy number-crunching was done by a recent Harvard Ph.D. , Jason Richwine . Richwine believes in a racial hierarchy of intelligence , with Jews and East Asians at the top and blacks at the bottom . Richwine has expressed that opinion in a number of places , including at a 2008 panel discussion at the American Enterprise Institute . I happened to be the moderator of that panel . I had n't met Richwine before , and this discussion was my first introduction to his work . Afterward , I asked him to come to my office for a talk . I told him then that he faced a choice : He could be a serious scholar of immigration -- or he could play in the fever swamps , but not both . Obviously , he did not heed my advice . Shortly after , he left AEI to find employment at Heritage . U.S. immigration policy has long been sullied by racial prejudice : the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 , the 1907 deal with Japan to stop migration from that country , the immigration acts of 1921 and 1924 that sought to halt migration of all groups except Northwest Europeans . It 's a shameful story , and the Richwine episode scratches at those painful national wounds . But it 's also true that math is math . We know how much low-skilled legal immigrants earn . We know how much government assistance legal immigrant households use . We can make projections about the likely budget costs of enrolling 10 + million formerly illegal residents as legal ones . Maybe Richwine did his math wrong . If he did it wrong , it would remain wrong even if he spent his leisure hours rescuing orphans from burning buildings . Maybe he did his math right . Then it would remain right even if he moonlighted as Grand Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan . Yet what is especially strange about the Richwine incident is this : The people who will lose most by the Senate 's immigration plan are precisely American citizens of minority origin . Blacks and Hispanics are more likely to be unemployed than whites . More ominously , they are more likely to be numbered among the long-term unemployed -- people who have been out of work six months or more . The long-term unemployed face an especially difficult path back to the labor market . The New York Times reports : "  Though businesses are reluctant to acknowledge bias in their hiring practices , some human-resource managers and consultants say privately that unemployment can be a red flag on a rÃ © sumÃ © , signaling that a worker may have outdated skills , or may be a short-timer who is desperate enough to take any work now but will leave when something better comes along . The National Employment Law Project , a nonprofit advocacy group , reported that companies across the country often posted job notices explicitly excluding applicants who are unemployed . "  Such discrimination against the unemployed is becoming more widespread as jobs are in short supply and employers can have their pick of applicants , according to labor and community leaders . They say it has created a blacklist of the unemployed , many of whom were laid off in recession-driven downsizing rather than because of performance issues . "  In New York City , on average , 372,000 people were unemployed in 2012 , 38 percent for a year or longer , according to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics . Blacks and Hispanics accounted for disproportionately large shares of the long-term unemployed . " There 's only one way to prod employers to hire the long-term unemployed : super-tight labor markets . In the late 1990s , when the unemployment rate tumbled to the lowest levels since the mid-1960s , employers became interested in categories of workers they usually rejected : former welfare recipients , the disabled , and so on . In the late 1990s , the black-white wage differential closed at the fastest rate since the civil rights era . The Great Recession has hit almost all Americans hard . But -- no surprise -- mass unemployment has had its worst effect on the poorest and most marginal . A 2013 study by the Urban Institute found that before the recession , the typical white family had four times the wealth of the typical black family . Since the recession , the gap has widened to six-to-one . The only thing that can close this gap is to tighten the labor market . And yet the Senate plan is a plan to slacken labor markets , and keep them slack for decades . That 's not a bug . That 's a feature . Not only will the plan legalize the formerly illegal , but it will hugely increase future immigration flows of both permanent and temporary workers : agriculture workers , technology workers , even ski instructors . The labor market is subject to the same laws of supply and demand as any other market . If supply is dramatically increased at a time when demand is already low , expect wages to steeply fall . That 's not an unintended effect of the immigration bill . It 's the intended effect . America 's legacy of racial oppression casts a long shadow . That legacy is not yet anywhere close to overcome . Yet it 's more than a little astonishing that the proponents of the Senate immigration bill would claim the banner of anti-racism to justify a measure that will deepen and prolong the subordination of those American ethnic groups already most deeply subordinated . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Heritage Foundation report estimated cost of immigration reform He says study 's co-author believes in an offensive theory about race and intelligence Frum : Co-author 's views reprehensible , but that does n't invalidate Heritage findings Frum : Immigration reform will add substantial costs for entitlements
NEW YORK  CNN  -- As Britain 's Prince Harry neared the end of his second and final day in New York City on Saturday , he described his experiences as "  fantastic . " Prince Harry smiles whilte touring the Harlem Children 's Zone on Saturday during a 36-hour visit to New York . The 24-year-old visited the Harlem Children 's Zone , a nonprofit organization that offers free programs and classes in a low-income area , then went to Governors Island in New York Harbor to play in the Veuve Clicquot Manhattan Polo Classic . Profits from the match will benefit Sentebale , a charity for orphans in Lesotho , Africa , a cause Harry 's mother , Princess Diana , had promoted . The prince was accompanied by Prince Seeiso of Lesotho , who also lost his mother when he was young . The men toured the Children 's Zone with founder Geoffrey Canada , and spent time in a classroom where some students were studying for a math test . A 10-year-old girl sitting at a desk covered with drawing paper and colored markers gave Harry a picture . "  Is this for me ? " Harry asked as he accepted it . Pointing to the desk and pens , he then asked , "  You find yourself very lucky to have all this ? " When she nodded , he replied "  Good . " A young boy gave Harry a bowl containing a dish he had prepared , and the prince ate it while the child sounded off the ingredients . Throughout the classroom visit , the prince smiled and chatted easily with students . Watch Soledad O'Brien 's report on the Children 's Zone " Cheering people lined the street as Harry entered the building . As he left , reporters shouted questions . Asked how he liked his first official visit overseas and meeting the children , the prince responded , "  It 's been fantastic -- really , really worthwhile . " "  It 's my first visit to New York . I 'm hopeful I 'll come back to visit again . " He also was asked whether he thought his appearances would change any image the public might have of him , apparently referring to some of his wild exploits ways when he was younger . Those incidents included a one-day stint in drug rehab in 2002 and accusations of racism in January . "  I do n't know what the image is of me . There is always the image that 's been given to me , but people have their own opinions , it 's the media that likes to stamp on the image which is n't really me . " On Friday , the youngest son of Princess Diana offered his condolences to September 11 victims at the former site of the World Trade Center . The prince met New York Gov. David Paterson and briefly spoke with family members of 9/11 victims . The prince then laid a wreath at the site and bowed his head in a moment of silence . Watch Prince Harry 's visit to Ground Zero " He left a handwritten note tacked to the wreath , citing an "  the courage shown by the people " of New York on September 11 , 2001 . Harry later paid tribute to his fellow citizens at Lower Manhattan 's British Garden at Hanover Square , where he honored the 67 British victims of the September 11 attacks , officials said . The third in line for the British crown , Harry is active in the British Army . He received a promotion to lieutenant in April 2008 and is currently training for an Army Air Corps pilot position , according to the prince 's Web site .	Prince Harry visits a nonprofit that offers free programs and classes in Harlem Harry also takes part in the Veuve Clicquot Manhattan Polo Classic On first visit to New York : "  Fantastic . ... I 'm hopeful I 'll come back to visit again " 24-year-old plays down criticisms of past , says media "  stamps on " false image
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Gunmen on motorcycles fired Friday on a campaign office for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , wounding two adults and a child , according to a report by Iran 's state-run news agency . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was not present at the time of the attack . The shooting happened about 5 p.m. in front of the entrance to the campaign office , campaign representative Mohammed Reza Zahed Shaikhi told IRNA . Ahmadinejad , who is running for a second term in office , was not present . Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 . The attack happened in Sistan-Balochistan province in southeastern Iran , the same province where a Shia mosque was bombed Thursday . Several suspects have been arrested in connection with Thursday 's attack in the town of Zahedan , which killed between 15 and 20 people , according to Iranian media reports . No group publicly accepted responsibility for the mosque attack , but the provincial governor , Ali-Mohammad Azad , blamed a terrorist group that he said would be unveiled to the public once the suspects have been interrogated , IRNA reported . Zahedan is about 1,100 km  700 miles  southeast of Tehran , near Iran 's borders with Pakistan and Afghanistan . Sistan-Balochistan province -- which shares a border with Pakistan -- is the site of frequent clashes involving Iranian police , drug dealers and armed groups . The province is located on a major narcotics-smuggling route between Afghanistan and Pakistan . Azad said information on the arrested terrorist group would be unveiled to the public once interrogations were complete . "  The terrorists and notorious gang planned to stir order and security in the province on the eve of  the June 12 presidential  elections , using ongoing insecurity in our eastern neighbors , " he said Thursday . Several days of mourning were reported to be under way for victims of the explosion . Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami , a hard-line cleric who led Friday prayers in Tehran , said there were signs that the United States and Israel were involved in the mosque bombing , IRNA reported . The cleric , who put the death toll at 25 , condemned the bombing before a congregation on the Tehran University campus . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorghmehr contributed to this report .	Gunmen fire on campaign office for Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Two adults and child wounded in attack ; Ahmadinejad not present Attack happened near where Shia mosque bombed Thursday , killing up to 20 No group has accepted responsibility , but local governor blamed terrorist group
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Smoke blanketed the Argentine capital Friday as brush fires apparently set deliberately consumed thousands of acres in the provinces of Buenos Aires and Entre Ríos . A haze surrounds the Palermo neighborhood of the Argentine capital early Thursday . The smoke , from about 300 fires , is blamed for at least two fatal traffic accidents this week that left eight people dead . Sections of major highways and the Buenos Aires port , among the busiest in the world , have been closed . Incoming flights to the city 's domestic airport , Jorge Newbery Airpark , have been diverted . The Argentine government has blamed farmers looking to clear their land for crops and grazing for the fires , which are estimated to cover 173,000 acres  70,000 hectares  . "  This is the largest fire of this kind that we 've ever seen , " Argentine Interior Minister Florencio Randazzo said Thursday . Randazzo called the situation a "  disaster . " As of Friday morning , little progress had been made extinguishing the blazes . No rain is predicted for the next few days , but the National Meteorological Service predicts that the winds will change direction soon , dispersing the smoke . On Friday morning , the National Roads Administration closed sections of the heavily traveled Panamericana Highway , which leads in and out of Buenos Aires . Spokesman Ernesto Arriaga said "  visibility is 5 meters "  about 16 feet  in some sections of the highway . "  Covering highways with smoke just to clear a field of weeds is unforgivable , " Cabinet Chief Alberto Fernandez told Radio Diez . "  It 's incredibly irresponsible . " Hospitals have reported an increase in visitors complaining of breathing problems , sore throats and burning eyes in the past three days . Citing a high level of carbon monoxide in the air , officials have encouraged people not to exercise outside . Schools in Pilar , a city in the province of Buenos Aires , were closed Friday because of the gray , thick air . The smoke has obscured views of some of the capital 's landmarks , such the Obelisco monument and the government house , Casa Rosada , and people were seen walking on the city streets covering their faces with clothes . This month , Argentina 's farmers suspended a three-week strike over a new government export tax on commodities . The bitter lockout left grocery shelves empty and caused major friction between President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's government and Argentina 's large agricultural sector . E-mail to a friend Journalist Brian Byrnes contributed to this report .	Parts of highways , Buenos Aires port closed by heavy smoke from fires Wildfires cover 173,000 acres around Buenos Aires Argentine government blames farmers for setting the blazes Shifting winds may help clear Buenos Aires
CNN  -- Airmen toss dirt bikes out the rear of an airborne plane . Then , a so-called "  bike chaser " jumps out after them . When U.S. troops take control of an airfield in a combat zone , this often is how it begins . Parachutes unfurl . The motorbikes float to earth along with the bike chaser , who quickly cranks one of the motorcycles to life . Soon , the airfield is secured and ready for incoming U.S. aircraft . That 's a typical mission for Air Force combat control teams , CCTs for short . And , along with seizing airfields , they help ground force commanders and pilots pinpoint targets in war zones . These kinds of special forces could be useful on the ground in Iraq , military analysts say , in the event of U.S. airstrikes against Islamic extremists . The Navy has its SEALs . The Army has Delta Force . And the Air Force has combat controllers : a lesser known special ops ground force sometimes referred to as "  ground pounders . " Maj. Charlie Hodges , who served with CCTs in Iraq and Afghanistan , spent a few minutes on the phone with CNN Wednesday to offer an inside perspective on these highly trained , elite squads . "  All of our guys are trained to ride motorcycles , " says Hodges . Sometimes going to work "  involves jumping out of an airplane , or sliding out a helicopter down a fast rope , or riding some sort of all-terrain vehicle , or going on a mountain path on foot . " Combat controllers are trained to help fighter pilots hit their targets more accurately without killing innocent civilians or friendly troops . That 's a resource that military analysts say would be important now in Iraq 's efforts to combat ISIS militants . Iraq 's government has asked the United States for airstrikes against ISIS , as it encroaches on the nation 's key cities . Limited airstrikes might be possible , analysts say , if U.S. forces were inserted where they could accurately identify targets . For days , military sources have said ISIS fighters are dispersed and mixed with local populations , making them difficult to target precisely with airstrikes . Retired U.S. Marine Gen. John R. Allen , who served in Iraq and Afghanistan , told The New York Times this month , "  It 's feasible for the U.S. to play a limited role with air power with  special operations forces  combat controllers and limited advisers . " On Thursday , President Barack Obama announced the United States had "  positioned additional U.S. military assets in the region . " "  Because of increased intelligence resources , " he said , the United States is "  developing more information about potential targets associated with  ISIS  , and going forward , we will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if and when we determine that the situation on the ground requires it . " The President did n't offer any specifics . Related story : Who are the U.S. advisers heading to Iraq ? Let 's not forget that at the beginning of the Afghanistan war in 2001 , ground controllers teamed up with Northern Alliance fighters to help U.S. pilots target and smash the Taliban . It 's surprising : In this age of superaccurate smart bombs and camera-enabled , missile-toting drones , Hodges says human targeting intelligence remains the gold standard . "  People think that because they see it in a Jason Bourne movie " that technology can do everything , Hodges says . "  But I do n't think we 're ever going to have a totally ,100 % air-centric war . I think we 're always going to need boots on the ground . " Their job ranks among the most dangerous in the military . Think about it : These guys regularly work near or inside the target zones of some of the most fearsome flying machines devised by man : the A-10 "  warthog , " the B-2 stealth bomber , the Apache helicopter , the F-16 Fighting Falcon and the AC-130 gunship . ` It can be kind of squirrelly ' Falling safely from the air to the ground with all that gear is no small feat . A typical drop comes with two motorcycles . Bike sizes often range from minibikes with 100 cubic centimeter engines to dirt bikes with 250 cubic centimeter engines . The motorcycles are dropped in packages called "  bike bundles . " Small bikes have parachutes attached to the handlebars . "  It 's small enough you can literally pick it up and just throw it out the back of the aircraft , " says Hodges . "  And that 's what they 'll do . " Engines are limited to around 250 cubic centimeters , Hodges says , because the combat controllers are riding with 100 pounds of gear on their backs . "  When you have your center of gravity that high , it can be kind of squirrelly , " he says . "  So we do a fair amount of training , " starting with a certified Motorcycle Safety Foundation course followed by intensive experience with various four-wheeled all-terrain vehicles and side-by-sides . Bike chasers retrieve and mount the motorcycles and use them to quickly secure the air field runways and clear them of obstacles . "  Hopefully the bike 's got an electric start â $ " and not just a kickstarter , " Hodges says . If the bike takes a tumble when it lands , that could temporarily mess up its fuel system , he says , making it troublesome to fire up with a kickstarter . In addition to helping ID air targets , these troops also work to protect civilians and allied forces on the ground . "  If they 're being fired on by the enemy , we can bring in aircraft , " Hodges says . Controllers also have access to special airborne surveillance assets that give them "  eyes in the sky " for U.S. ground troops who need to know "  what 's on the other side of that building , " as Hodges put it . "  When you 're pinned down and ca n't move , having eyes in the sky to take out the enemy is pretty instrumental in making sure your guys come back alive . " Air control for earthquake victims Attached to the Air Force 24th Special Operations Wing at Hurlburt Field , Florida , these guys are FAA certified air traffic controllers . In 2010 , the CCTs deployed to Haiti , responding to a 7.0 magnitude earthquake that left more than 230,000 people dead . At the airport in Port-au-Prince , "  nobody was sure of the structural integrity of the tower , " says Hodges . "  So they set up in the infield and they landed 200 planes a day â $ " all with notebook paper , a card table and handheld radios . " Two-hundred planes a day rivals air traffic at some of the world 's busiest airports , including Chicago O'Hare and Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson . The camaraderie you might expect between pilots and combat controllers is strong , Hodges says . "  It 's always neat when you 've worked with a guy here in the States and then go overseas and they call up and you recognize their call sign . " There 's also some professional , good-natured rivalry . "  We remind them that they 're flying around in their air-conditioned cockpits , " he says . "  We 're on the ground in the heat and humidity , carrying 100 pounds on our backs . "	Combat control teams are the Air Force 's lesser known elite special ops ground force They parachute into war zones and help ground force commanders and pilots pinpoint targets Combat control teams use special dirt bikes to seize air fields They also use airborne surveillance to protect U.S. ground troops and friendly civilians
Rolling Stone  -- In February , when Ben Harper , Joseph Arthur and Dhani Harrison arrived at the Carriage House studio in Los Angeles ' Silverlake neighborhood , they had three days booked and zero songs to record . "  I thought I was going there to add some guitars or harmonies on Joseph 's album , " says Harrison , who was invited to the session by Harper , whom he befriended at a skate park in Santa Monica . "  When I got to the studio , I saw Joe and asked , ` What songs are we going to do ? ' He said we had n't written them yet . " After three long days , the trio had recorded the nine acoustic tracks that make up "  As I Call You Down " -- and called themselves Fistful of Mercy , after the track of the same name . "  I never thought we 'd pull off an entire album , -LSB- I thought -RSB- maybe we 'd get an EP , " says Harper , who credits Arthur as the catalyst who pushed for three songs a day . "  The three of us were able to create something we never could have done on our own . " With three acoustic guitars and three microphones , the team worked out musical arrangements , and then retreated to different corners of the studio to write . "  We were each others ' lyric police , " says Arthur .  "  It was very ` Wilbury ' style , " says Harrison , whose late father George was a member of the Travelin ' Wilburys . Many times , Harrison threw out lyrical themes for inspiration . "  Things Go ` Round " is a throwback to John Lennon 's "  Instant Karma , " imagining a world where people are immediately accountable for their actions . When Harrison called for a blues number , the trio quickly drafted "  My Father 's Son . " Says Arthur : "  It 's really about the three of our voices , and the harmonies . We 're basically singing together the whole time . " With nine acoustic and vocal tracks completed , Harrison was determined to ratchet the music up to another level . He instinctively called the legendary session drummer Jim Keltner , an old family friend . "  I 'd never done anything that I thought was worthy of calling Jim , " says Harrison . "  We had an emotional conversation on the phone , and he heard some of the stuff we 'd done , and he said he 'd do it . " Keltner overdubbed percussion , Arthur added bass , and Harper  who calls Keltner the "  Dalai Lama of the drums "  added some slide guitar . "  These guys are so talented , " says Harrison of his bandmates , who will all hit the road together in October . "  I ca n't believe I get to call them my musical brothers . " Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	They call themselves Fistful of Mercy , after the track of the same name The trio had recorded the nine acoustic tracks that make up "  As I Call You Down " The band will hit the road together in October
CNN  -- The graphic footage of the wooden boat carrying up to 100 Iranian , Iraqi and Kurdish asylum seekers as it wrecked last week on the cliffs of Christmas Island has been seen around the world . At least 30 bodies have been recovered . Eighteen are still missing and presumed dead . Three children have been orphaned . The scenes have stunned residents of Christmas Island , an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean . Many residents tried in vain to assist those thrown into the sea as their boat broke apart . The disaster itself raises serious questions . How was it possible the boat could get so close to Christmas Island without the Australian navy being aware of its pending arrival ? Emergency services might not have been as prepared as they should have been . A commissioned report by the Australian government in January said , "  Some key island stakeholders such as medical , transport and port authority staff are not informed of the arrival of a vessel until the last possible moment . " Certainly the navy , which systematically patrols the waters between Indonesia and Christmas Island , was caught napping . It took an hour and half for a small navy boat to arrive to render assistance . But the bigger questions concern the Australian government 's asylum polices and the arrival of refugee boats . More asylum seekers arrive in Australia by plane than by boat . There is no hysteria about their arrival . They are not routinely detained . The 20 pilgrims from Zimbabwe , Burundi , Kenya and Pakistan who applied for asylum following the Catholic Church 's World Youth Day in Sydney in 2008 were not branded as "  queue jumpers . " But boat arrivals elicit a different response . Subject to mandatory detention on arrival , more than 5,700 asylum seekers -- including more than 800 children -- are in detention centers , with 2,700-plus on Christmas Island . More than 2,000 have been in detention for more than six months , and that figure is growing . Refugee boats were a major feature of this year 's federal election . Both major political parties campaigned on being tough with asylum seekers . In the wake of the election , public opinion has shifted against asylum seekers . But it is the policies of the Australian government that are largely responsible for pushing asylum seekers to get on boats to make the sometimes risky journey from Indonesia . The tragedy highlights three features of Australia 's refugee policy that must change . First , Australia has increasingly pressured the Indonesia government to detain asylum seekers -- whether or not they are mandated refugees under the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , or UNHCR . Seekers are held in detention centers sometimes funded by the Australian government . This in itself is a strong incentive for asylum seekers to leave Indonesia as soon as possible . Second , until this year , Australia did not routinely resettle UNHCR refugees from Indonesia . This year , the Australian government said it will take 500 refugees from Indonesia , although , so far , fewer than 100 have been resettled , and the government has not guaranteed numbers for the future . It sometimes takes months for UNHCR to register asylum seekers and then more months for those claims to be processed . Once determined to be refugees , they can wait years for the UNHCR to find a country willing to resettle them . Understandably , other resettling countries consider asylum seekers in Indonesia to be Australia 's responsibility . The lack of any guaranteed resettlement is another powerful incentive for asylum seekers to take the boat journey from Indonesia to Australia . If Australia were willing to process asylum seekers and guarantee resettlement , far fewer asylum seekers would want or need to take the boat journey . Yet Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's Labor government takes proportionally fewer refugees than was the case under the conservative John Howard government . Third , the Australian government 's move to criminalize people-smuggling  and by association asylum seekers themselves  in Indonesia and Australia also provides a powerful disincentive for asylum boats to contact Australian authorities should they require assistance . A year ago , the Australian government called on the Indonesian government to intercept a boat of 253 Tamil asylum seekers . After a standoff at the Indonesian port of Merak , the Tamils were imprisoned at Tanjung Pinang , although all but 17 were found to be refugees . While the extreme weather may have been the immediate cause of the disaster at Christmas Island , just as surely , government policies drove that boat onto the cliffs . The pursuit of cheap electoral advantage has motivated successive governments to adopt such punitive policies . They behave as if there is a crisis when there is none . Those policies have cost the lives of at least dozens of people and scarred the lives of thousands of others who have been detained . In the Christmas Island tragedy , there is also an opportunity for a drastic shift in policy . Refugee advocates and members of the Labor Party have urged the government to seize this moment to implement a truly humanitarian policy . Whether Australia 's political leaders have the courage to make the shift remains to be seen . But the lives of future asylum seekers depend on their response . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ian Rintoul .	Ian Rintoul : Dozens of asylum seekers die in boat wreck off Australia 's Christmas Island Rintoul : Questions raised about response of Australian navy , island emergency services Australia pressures Indonesia to detain asylum seekers , so they leave in boats , Rintoul writes Detention policies , failure to resettle people lead to tragedies like Christmas Island , he says
CNN  -- Hours after talking at length with U.S. and Russian authorities , the father of the two suspects in last week 's deadly Boston Marathon attack is set to fly to the United States -- and cooperate with authorities -- an activist working with the family told CNN . Anzor Tsarnaev told Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti that he and his wife , Zubeidat , will leave the semi-autonomous southern Russian republic of Dagestan on Thursday . Authorities from various U.S. government agencies did not immediately confirm the Tsarnaevs ' travel plans . According to the official Russian news report , a police source said Wednesday that the suspects ' parents consented to their U.S. trip and "  will be involved in the U.S. investigation . " After that report came out , human rights activist Kheda Saratova told CNN that only the father , Anzor , would travel to the United States as early as Friday . The news of the impending travel comes nine days after three people died and scores were wounded when two bombs exploded at the marathon 's finish line . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , died days later following an early morning shootout with police . His body remained unclaimed Wednesday , according to Terrel Harris , a spokesman for Massachusetts ' chief medical examiner 's office . The exact cause of his death has not been determined . His brother Dzhokhar was captured the next night after being found hidden inside a boat in the backyard of a Watertown , Massachusetts , home . Characterized in fair condition at a Boston hospital , the 19-year-old suspect has been communicating with authorities . So , too , have his parents . On Wednesday , FBI agents were in Makhachkala , Dagestan -- a city that Tamerlan called home for several months in 2012 -- to talk with the suspects ' parents . The "  conversation " -- which included members of Russia 's Federal Security Service -- ended Wednesday evening , the men 's mother told Saratova . Both Anzor Tsarnaev and his wife have publicly insisted they believe their children are innocent . Zubeidat Tsarnaev has said she 's convinced her boys were framed "  just because they were Muslim . " When asked whether she thinks her younger son will get a fair trial , she replied , "  Only Allah will know . " Suspects ' mother describes her last conversation with her sons Russia asked U.S. twice to probe one suspect It 's not clear if Zubeidat Tsarnaev might not return to the United States because she 's in legal trouble there . She faces three felony charges for alleged shoplifting and property damage in Massachusetts in 2012 , according to Natick District Court . She jumped bail , and there has been an arrest warrant for her since October , the court 's clerk magistrate Brian Kearney said . Zubeidat Tsarnaev and her husband moved to Dagestan from the United States . The family is originally from the embattled Russian republic of Chechnya but fled from the brutal wars there in the 1990s . The two brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan and moved at different times to the United States . The family 's adopted republic has become a focus for investigators , especially given that Tamerlan Tsarnaev went there during a six-month trip to Russia last year . Officials have been looking into what he may have done there during that time , though Tamerlan 's father has said his son was with him throughout the trip . The young man is believed to have posted videos online tied to militant jihadists in the region . On two occasions before that -- in March and late September 2011 -- Russian authorities asked U.S authorities to investigate Tamerlan Tsarnaev . They provided "  basically the same information " both times , a U.S. government official said . A senior U.S. official with direct knowledge of the information said that the case from Russia "  was extremely thin , " adding that the European country wanted Tamerlan Tsarnaev questioned to see if he and others had become "  radicalized . " Suspects ' mother describes her last conversation with her sons Police : Suspects may have planned NYC ` party ' What did the Tsarnaev brothers want to do days after inflicting pain and carnage in the Massachusetts capital ? According to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , the brothers ' destination may have been New York City and their plan may have been to "  party . " Kelly said information collected from the surviving suspect included "  something about a party or having a party . " "  It may have been words to the effect of coming ` to party ' in New York , " Kelly said . The man who was carjacked and held hostage -- allegedly by the Tsarnaev brothers -- just outside Boston last week said he thought he heard the two men say "  Manhattan " in their conversation , the commissioner said . The one-time hostage has told investigators the suspects spoke in another language , which may have been Chechen or Russian , while he drove with them . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was in New York in late 2012 , likely in November , Kelly said . The brothers used a remote control device similar those used to control toy cars to detonate the two bombs in Boston , Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , a Maryland Democrat and member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence , said Wednesday . The surviving suspect , Dzhokhar , has indicated that his older brother Tamerlan masterminded the attack and described he and his brother as self-radicalized jihadists , according to a U.S. government source . The teenager cited the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as motivating factors behind the attack , a U.S. government official said . Dzhokhar told authorities that neither he nor his brother had had any contact with terrorist groups overseas , the U.S. government official said . But the official cautioned that the interviews were preliminary and that Tsarnaev 's account needs to be checked out . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been charged with using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death and one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . The suspects ' uncle said a friend of Tamerlan 's "  brainwashed " him . And the suspects ' former brother-in-law said Tamerlan seemed to be influenced in Islam by a friend named Misha , but that he did not see Misha try to radicalize him . Investigators had no immediate comment on reports of someone named "  Misha . " Investigators are looking into the possibility Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- who was married with a young daughter , whom he frequently cared for while his wife worked as a home health aide -- may have helped finance the bomb plot through drug sales , according to a source familiar with the investigation . Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis show Boylston Street reopens as slain officer is mourned For more than a week , a stretch of Bolyston Street -- traditionally one of the busiest parts of Boston -- has been a crime scene in the aftermath of the blasts that left three dead . Tragedy in Boston : How to help Traffic has been barred from the thoroughfare and businesses have been closed . Until now . On Wednesday , workers replaced missing bricks and patched up concrete on the street just before opening it to pedestrian traffic . Crews were repairing damage caused by the two bombs , which were placed near the marathon 's finish line . "  I think that Boston is a tough city and it will be rejuvenated and ready to go , " said David Sapers , owner of Sugar Heaven on Boylston Street . Those wounded in the explosions , meanwhile , continued to recover as well . Photos : Galleries from the attack and aftermath Of the more than 260 people who were hurt , 33 remain hospitalized Wednesday night , according to a CNN tally . One person is in critical condition at Boston Medical Center . In Cambridge , mourners gathered at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus to honor Campus Officer Sean Collier , the fourth person killed last week . Authorities believe the Tsarnaev brothers shot Collier as he sat in his patrol car Thursday night . Biden : ` Knock-off jihadis ' ca n't break American spirit Suspect 's widow is assisting investigation , lawyer says Official : U.S. wars in Afghanistan , Iraq motivated bombings CNN 's MIchael Pearson , Jake Tapper , Pam Benson , Julia Talanova , Carol Cratty , Brian Vitagliano , Laura Ly , Deborah Feyerick , Nick Paton Walsh , Julian Cummings , Barbara Starr , Susan Candiotti , Jessica Yellin and Joe Johns contributed to this report .	NEW : Hospitals : 33 of over 260 wounded are still hospitalized , 1 of them is in critical condition Suspects ' father will go to U.S. , an activist says ; state media said 2 parents would go Russia twice asked the U.S. to investigate one of their sons , Tamerlan Tsarnaev Police say he and his brother may have planned to go to NYC to "  party "
CNN  -- It 's Ibrahim Hamadto 's turn to serve . Holding the bat in his mouth , the Egyptian para-table tennis champion gets the rally going by flicking the ball up high with his right foot . Sinking through the air , the delicate white sphere meets his racket and comes out charging like a bullet with a powerful spin . Hamadto , 41 , is armless . He lost both his upper limbs in a train accident when he was just 10 years old . But the terrible misfortune did n't stop him from pushing himself to follow his dreams . "  In our village , we could only play , at that time , table tennis and soccer -- that 's why I played both , " Hamadto , who hails from Kafr Saad in northeastern Egypt , told CNN . "  It was logic to play soccer first due to my case ; then I played table tennis as a challenge . " Starting at 13 , Hamadto spent years working hard to perfect his game -- initially he tried different options at gripping the bat , including holding it under his armpit , before deciding to handle it with his mouth . "  It was quite difficult playing table tennis after the accident , " Hamadto recalled . "  I had to practice hard for three consecutive years on a daily basis . At the beginning , people were amazed and surprised seeing me playing . They encouraged and supported me a lot and they were very proud of my willing , perseverance and determination . " People were also very proud of his athletic achievements . Hamadto , who is married and a father of three , has won several honors over the years , including the silver medal in the African Para-Table Tennis Championships last year . Earlier this month , the Egyptian champion demonstrated his skills at the World Team Table Tennis Championships , held in Tokyo , Japan , where he was the guest of honor and played against some of the sport 's biggest names . "  Ibrahim is a very nice man with faith and perseverance , " said Alaa Meshref , the president of Egyptian Table Tennis Federation . "  He is very polite and modest . Although his circumstances , both financially and physically , are not that easy going , he never asked for anything , " he added , going on to describe Hamadto as a role model for every young person . "  People without disabilities should learn more from him , as they always find excuses for minimal nuisances . They need to understand how he was able to conquer his tragedy and prove that insisting on your goal is always achievable . " Indeed , watching Hamadto playing , seeing the artistry in his game as he defends with panache and attacks with vigor , it 's hard to disagree . "  I believe that nothing is impossible , as long as you work hard , " said Hamadto . "  This is the message I would like to send to people . " Read more : Kenya 's cycling hero Read more : Tanzania 's forgotten track star	Ibrahim Hamadto is an Egyptian para-table tennis champion Having lost both his arms at the age of 10 , Hamadto holds his bat in his mouth Last year , he won the silver medal at the African Para-Table Tennis Championships He says : ` Nothing is impossible , as long as you work hard "
Islamabad  CNN  -- In a period of about three weeks she went from being a virtually unknown 14-year-old Pakistani girl to making headlines around the world as a Christian teen facing a life sentence for allegedly burning pages of the Quran . In her first-ever public interview since being released on bail , Rimsha Masih said she 's happy to be back with her family but still fears for her life . "  I 'm scared , " she told CNN by phone . "  I 'm afraid of anyone who might kill us . " Rimsha spoke in short sentences -- often answering "  yes " or "  no " in a shy and nervous voice . She would n't reveal where she was because she was speaking from her hideout . Judge grants bail to ` blasphemy teen ' In Pakistan , suspects accused of blasphemy often face vigilante justice , with some cases even resulting in murder . When we asked Masih how she was doing , she said she was good . We asked her if she ever burned pages of the Quran . "  No , no , " she replied instantly . Were you falsely accused ? "  Yes , " she said . However , Rimsha would n't answer questions about what exactly happened on August 16 this year . Pakistani investigators said Rimsha 's neighbor accused her of burning pages of the Quran to use as cooking fuel . The young man accused the teenager of blasphemy , shouted in protest , and attracted an angry mob , police said . But Rimsha 's lawyers denied she desecrated the Muslim holy book in this way . They said the neighbor wanted to settle a personal score with Rimsha because the two did n't get along . The lawyers told CNN this may have been because he liked her but she did n't like him back . Within minutes hundreds of residents from this poor Islamabad neighborhood surrounded the terrified girl , witnesses said . There are conflicting accounts about what happened next . Some neighbors said Rimsha was beaten , while others claimed she frantically raced back home and locked herself inside . The police eventually arrived and took Rimsha into custody Her case made international headlines and sparked outrage among rights groups who have long accused the Pakistani government of allowing the country 's controversial blasphemy laws to be used to settle scores and persecute religious minorities . According to rights groups such as the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and Human Rights Watch , most innocent victims of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws belong to minority Muslim sects like the Ahamadis , who are often viewed as non-believers by Pakistan 's majority Sunnis . Rimsha 's father -- a Christian house painter who earns a few dollars a day -- said no one in his family would dare dishonor the Quran . "  We respect the Quran just like we respect the Bible , " said Mizrak Mashi . "  We could n't imagine committing blasphemy let alone doing it . Our children would never do this either . " Last week , under growing pressure from rights groups who were outraged that a juvenile had spent more than three weeks in jail , a judge finally approved Rimsha 's request to be released on bail . Her case is still pending but she seemed to gain fresh support earlier this month when police arrested a Muslim cleric and accused him of planting torn pages of the Quran in Rimsha 's bag in an apparent attempt to bolster evidence against her . Meanwhile , a family spokesman said aid groups from the U.S. , Italy and Canada have already offered to give Rimsha and her family a home outside Pakistan . But Rimsha said , for now , she does n't want to go anywhere other than back to life as she knew it , away from the spotlight . "  I love Pakistan , " Masih said . "  I wo n't ever leave my country . " Police : Muslim cleric framed girl in Pakistan blasphemy case	Rimsha Masih was jailed after she was accused by a neighbor The neighbor says she burned pages of the Quran , the Muslim holy book Rimsha denies accusation , her lawyers say neighbor was settling a score A Muslim cleric has been accused of planting evidence against her
CNN  -- U.S. officials have recommended immunity for a former Mexican president implicated in a U.S. federal court case over his alleged role in a 1997 massacre . Survivors of the attack and heirs of the 45 villagers killed in the massacre filed a civil lawsuit last year , accusing former Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo of crimes against humanity . A court filing from the U.S. government Friday supported Zedillo 's argument that he should be immune from prosecution . Lawyers for plaintiffs in responded Saturday by stating they understand the former president now has immunity as a result , thereby preventing them from proceeding with their case against him . "  The alleged actions as set forth in the complaint are predicated on former President Zedillo 's actions as president of Mexico , thus involving the exercise of his powers of office , " the U.S. government court filing said . The filing concluded by saying "  the United States has determined that former President Zedillo enjoys immunity from this lawsuit . " Arguments that Zedillo "  should be held liable for lower level officials ' tortious conduct simply by virtue of his position as president at the time " were not enough to change the U.S. State Department 's assessment , officials said in the filing . Zedillo claims immunity The lead attorneys representing plaintiffs in the case said they were "  deeply disappointed by the U.S. State Department 's decision , " which they said will "  prevent us from ... presenting proof of  Zedillo 's  responsibility for the 1997 Acteal Massacre . " "  Based on the substantial testimony and documentation that we have collected , we are extremely confident that the highest levels of Mr. Zedillo 's government had advance knowledge of and directly participated in the conspiracy that led to Acteal Massacre and its cover-up , " Florida-based lawyers Roger Kobert and Marc Pugliese said , according to a statement released Saturday . The attorneys also criticized the U.S. government for basing its decision "  on communications between Mr. Zedillo , the current Mexican government and the U.S. government " that were not related to the plaintiff 's lawyers or the general public . Zedillo himself did not immediately respond to requests for comment . The case has been closely watched on both sides of the border , particularly as the six-year term of current Mexican President Felipe Calderon -- whose administration has been accused by some of human rights abuses in the nation 's drug war -- nears its end . Zedillo was Mexico 's president from 1994 to 2000 . The civil case against him was filed nearly a year ago in Connecticut , where Zedillo resides while he teaches at Yale University . It accuses him of being responsible for the killings of 45 villagers in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas , and afterward conspiring to cover it up . Ten anonymous plaintiffs were seeking about $ 50 million in damages against him , according to court documents . Although the killings happened in Mexico , the lawsuit argued that a long list of U.S. laws and international treaties -- including the Alien Tort Claims Act and Torture Victim Protection Act -- give the American federal court jurisdiction to try the case . The killings occurred on December 22 , 1997 , and are considered among the more brutal incidents during an armed conflict that began three years earlier in southern Mexico after Zapatista rebels pushed for more rights for indigenous people . Zedillo has denied allegations that his office was somehow responsible for the deaths . "  These anonymous accusations that President Zedillo was somehow complicit in the events in Acteal are baseless and outrageous , " he said in a January court filing . "  The December 1997 attack in Acteal was an appalling tragedy . But that tragedy was not the result of an elaborate conspiracy by the Mexican federal government , masterminded by President Zedillo . " CNN 's David Ariosto and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Plaintiff 's lawyers criticize Zedillo being granted immunity , say he knew about the killings Heirs of 45 Indian villagers killed in 1997 accused Zedillo of crimes against humanity The ex-Mexican president denied allegations his office was responsible for their deaths U.S. supports giving him immunity , saying he is n't liable for lower level officials ' actions
CNN  -- David Kong is a hospitality industry leader and innovator with a distinguished 35-year career . David Kong , CEO , Best Western Since 2004 , he has served as president and CEO of Best Western International . As CEO , he has brought the chain successive years of double-digit reservations system revenue growth , its healthiest balance sheet , its highest member satisfaction levels and unprecedented media coverage . Kong has also helped Best Western to achieve a number of notable industry firsts . Best Western was the first brand to offer free high-speed Internet access at all of its North American properties ; first to launch virtual tours for each of its North American hotels on the brand 's Web site ; first to offer electronic gift cards redeemable in various currencies and for free nights ; and first to initiate strategic and exclusive partnerships with NASCAR ® and Harley-Davidson ® . Kong has a strong background in international development . Over the last four years , he has helped make Best Western the largest international hotel brand in Asia with more than 100 hotels -- including 30 properties in China . He recently negotiated a master license agreement with Cabana Hotels , which will invest over $ 1.2 billion and establish 100 Best Western hotels in India over the next decade . Before being named its CEO , Kong served as Best Western 's executive vice president of international operations . He distinguished himself in other areas of the company , leading strategic services , operations , marketing and global development departments . His career includes experience with top hotel brands , including Hyatt Hotels , where he spent nearly 20 years in senior-level positions ; Omni International ; Regent International ; and Hilton Hotels . Kong came to Best Western from KPMG Consulting 's hospitality and real estate practice . Kong completed the Executive Development Program at the Kellogg Graduate School of Management from Northwestern University and has a bachelor 's degree in Business Administration in Travel Industry Management from the University of Hawaii . He currently serves on the board of directors and executive committee of the American Hotel & Lodging Association .	David Kong is the president and CEO of Best Western since 2004 Kong has spent 20 years in senior positions in the hotel industry Has helped make Best Western the largest international hotel brand in Asia
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  Diplomats were left scrambling Tuesday as a truce between the government in Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists was falling apart . The U.N. Security Council unanimously voted , 15-0 , to approve a resolution calling on all parties to abide by the ceasefire , which is proving to have more pull on paper than on the ground . Five more Ukrainian service members have been killed in the past 24 hours , Ukraine 's Defense Ministry said Tuesday , the same day as the U.N. vote . Council members issued a statement expressing "  grave concern at the continued fighting in and around Debaltseve , Ukraine , which has resulted in numerous civilian casualties . " The members asked for detainees to be treated "  humanely . " "  We 've gotten used to living in an upside down world with respect to Ukraine . Russia speaks of peace and then fuels conflict . Russia signs agreements and then does everything within its power to undermine them , " Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told council members . "  We are caught in a deadly feedback loop . International leaders engage in rigorous exhaustive negotiations to get Russia to commit to peace ... yet Russia 's commitments have no bearing on the actions of its soldiers and the separatists they back on the ground , " she said . For its part , Russia continues to urge dialogue on political and constitutional issues . "  Since the very start of the crisis , Russia has actively called for a peaceful settlement , " Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's ambassador , told council members . On Monday , Ukrainian Defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko reported five deaths from the previous day and at least 129 violations of the ceasefire since it went into effect at midnight Saturday . And there are more signs that the international efforts to stop the bloodshed are failing . Heavy clashes broke out Tuesday in Debaltseve , but both the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian separatists say they are not backing down . Debaltseve is a crucial city because it a strategic railroad hub in eastern Ukraine . The separatists have taken over 80 % of Debaltseve , said Eduard Basurin , self-declared deputy defense minister of the rebel Donetsk People 's Republic . He also said the separatists now have 60 Ukrainian prisoners of war . CNN can not independently verify those claims . Lysenko said Ukrainian troops are holding their positions in Debaltseve in response to the rebels ' attacks . A planned meeting between Ukrainian officials , pro-Russian separatists and European officials about the shaky ceasefire was canceled after one of the parties failed to show up , a European diplomat familiar with the talks told CNN . It is not clear what other reasons may have led to the cancellation . Members of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe were slated to participate in the meeting . On Tuesday , Russia and Ukraine reiterated their agreement to let OSCE monitors observe the ceasefire in Debaltseve . During a phone call with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko agreed to "  concrete steps " that would provide OSCE monitors access , German government spokesman Steffen Seibert said . Russia has denied widespread allegations it is supporting the pro-Russian separatists fighting in eastern Ukraine . Poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire , he will impose martial law throughout Ukraine 's territory . In the beleaguered village of Shyrokyno , Ukrainian forces struggle to keep control of the territory . "  Right now , only about a third of the village is under our control , " a machine gunner named Yury told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen . Separatists shelled Ukrainian forces with mortars , and both sides skirmished when rebels assaulted government troops with small arms and armored vehicles , said Dmytro Chalov , a spokesman for Ukraine 's army in the Mariupol sector . Two Ukrainian security forces were wounded , he said . Oleg Shiryayev , commander of Ukraine 's East Corpus battalion , said the ceasefire "  is a farce . " "  The fighting is continuing now the way it did before , " Shiryayev told Pleitgen . "  They continue to attack us , shell us ; they use artillery , mortars . " But it 's impossible to tell which side is responsible for breaking the ceasefire in Shyrokyno . To some residents , it does n't matter . "  The fighting is very heavy . All the windows  of  our house are broken , " one woman said . "  It is very terrifying . We saved all our lives to buy our house , and now we have nothing . " CNN 's Holly Yan wrote and reported from Atlanta , and CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk . CNN 's Khushbu Shah , Claudia Rebaza , Richard Roth and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	"  We are caught in a deadly feedback loop , " says the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Violence erupts in Debaltseve ; separatists say they have 60 Ukrainian prisoners of war Official : Five more Ukrainian service members have been killed in the past 24 hours
CNN  -- In the Venezuelan coastal city of Maracaibo , they 're known as piranhas . But these are n't the flesh-eating fish found in some South American rivers . They 're fast and ferocious thieves who residents say are increasingly attacking women . The common denominator among the victims ? All of them had long hair -- until thieves came at them with scissors , snipping it off . "  You have to see it to believe it , " Maracaibo resident Egmari Villarreal said in a video posted on the Panorama newspaper 's website . "  We 're not going to be able to have long hair anymore . As a woman , this is something traumatic . " Resident Sarai Madrid said she 's seen it throughout the city . "  It 's happening downtown , at the beach or at the mall , where you find a lot of young women , " she told Panorama . "  The thieves grab them by the hair , pull out some scissors and cut their hair . Then they sell it at beauty or hair salons . " Mariana Rodriguez told CNN affiliate Globovision that she was walking through a popular mall when she saw two women coming toward her . "  I thought they were going to steal my cell phone , because I had it in my hand at the time , but they took out scissors , " she said . "  They did not give me a chance to think or to run or anything . And when I looked , I no longer had any hair . " Maracaibo Mayor Eveling de Rosales told reporters that police were stepping up security to stop the attackers . "  As part of our operation of citizen security , we are giving them a forceful response , posting men and women to keep watch and stop this from continuing to happen , " she said . Jairo Ramirez , Zulia state 's security secretary , told the newspaper that authorities have stepped up patrols after hearing about the reported thefts , but they have n't received any formal complaints . "  I do not know to what degree it is happening , " he said . "  I have not learned of any formal complaints of this type . I 'm not saying it does n't exist , but it is not very clear . " At least one such attack has also been reported in neighboring Colombia , CNN affiliate Caracol reported . Arlen Luna told Caracol last year that she was wearing her hair in a braid when thieves attacked her in the Colombian city of Barranquilla . By the time she realized what had happened , the thieves had already fled , and a chunk of her hair spanning about 20 centimeters  8 inches  was missing . From the robber 's perspective , it 's quick and relatively easy money . Hair stylist Israel Rodriguez told Caracol that synthetic hair costs anywhere from $ 40 to $ 160 , depending on its quality . But natural hair can cost more than $ 500 , he said . All the more reason to guard your tresses . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Residents of Maracaibo , Venezuela , say thieves are stealing women 's hair The city 's mayor says authorities are stepping up security to stop attacks The fast and ferocious thieves are known as piranhas They chop off hair , then sell it to beauty salons , one resident says
CNN  -- There 's a new URL in town , and it has the potential to help hundreds of thousands of unemployed Americans still trying to regain their footing in a slow economy . The site , at www.universe.jobs and recently expanded by the DirectEmployers Association , is a clearinghouse of job listings that aims to create both a unified platform and one-stop shopping for both employers and employees . What makes the initiative different from more commonly known sites such as monster.com and careerbuilder.com ? Employers pay big money on these sites in order to reach a broader audience . The . jobs universe is free to both small and big business . The aim , according to Tom Embrescia of Employ Media , which is the licensed operator of the . jobs doman , is to create "  a trusted , valued source where job seekers and the people who have the jobs -- the employers -- can connect seamlessly under one intuitive URL . " Here 's how it works : Companies build their own websites on the . jobs domain , and the sites are updated daily . Potential employees can then search those listings , but they do so under specific links depending on both region and the type of work they seek . For instance , a professional looking for new employment in the city of Boston would search under www.boston.jobs . Atlanta ? www.atlanta.jobs . And so on . Cities with a population of 5,000 or above are searchable . Only interested in listings in the technology field ? Type www.technology.jobs in your browser . There were about 40,000 . jobs domains that were functioning at the end of January , all through universe.jobs . According to Bill Warren , executive director of DirectEmployers -- a nonprofit human resources consortium -- 580 Fortune 1000 companies have already responded and are actively posting jobs on the site . In turn , the passive or active job seeker will know that these listings come from a "  highly trusted source ... where they can go and feel that they are not getting jobs that are duplicates or scams , older or expired jobs , " Warren said . Listings are updated at a minimum of once a day , and 41 states are currently represented on the site . Eventually , programmers aim to expand throughout the globe . Major corporations are responding . Some , such as not-for-profit Providence Health Services , see this as a way for companies to look outside the realm of candidates they normally recruit , giving them a much broader audience , said Rhonda Stickley , a spokeswoman for the company providing health care services in Alaska , Washington state , Montana , Oregon and California . And Brandy Ellis , a recruiter at Colorado-based Level 3 Communications , a provider of IP transit networks , said gone are the days when companies simply posted their listings and then looked around for ways to fill them . Now , "  we 're starting to build a talent pool of people that , even if you are n't right for that immediate job today ... you might be in the future . We are trying to change the way we approach the job seeker , " Ellis said .	Universe.jobs aims to create a unified online jobs platform Among Fortune 1000 companies , 580 are already posting jobs on the site Job seekers can search under specific links by region and type of job
Washington  CNN  -- Ann Romney told CNN on Thursday that she is still "  done " with the idea of another presidential bid , but adds "  you know , you never do say never . " "  At this point in time , that 's where we are mentally is done , " Romney said on CNN 's "  New Day " on Thursday morning , when asked about the possibility of her husband Mitt Romney seeking a third presidential bid . And she said her husband is "  absolutely " in the same mindset . That interview came after she said her family was , "  Done . Done . Done " with her husband 's presidential ambitions in an interview with the Los Angeles Times published Monday . But Romney said Thursday on CNN that "  we never say never " and that the country would be in a better place if her husband were president , calling him "  one competent guy who really is a great leader . " Ann Romney on Mitt 2016 : No ` at this moment ' The drain of the 2012 campaign has n't faded from the Romney family and Ann Romney recalled that the family vowed to be done with Mitt Romney 's presidential ambitions after his loss to President Barack Obama in 2012 . "  At election night , we all looked at each other ... and we said we gave it everything we had , " Romney said . "  We did n't have an ounce left to give . " "  Emotionally and mentally , that 's where we still are , " she said . But Romney again refused to completely shut the door on 2016 when asked if she could say confidently that her husband would not make a 2016 bid . Romney grew emotional when she described her husband 's accomplishments and experience managing "  turnaround situations " -- from rescuing the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics to his tenure as Massachusetts governor to his corporate experience . "  I think the times call for someone of that capability , " she said . Romney even suggested that "  what 's happening in Russia " would n't be the same if her husband were president and recognized that would make a great case for a 2016 bid . And Mitt Romney 's entire family agrees on that point , his wife said . "  My kids are like , ` Come on Dad , it 's just such a shame you 're not there , ' " Ann Romney said . Mitt Romney 's open letter : I love Ann Romney was on CNN 's New Day discussing the launch of the Ann Romney Center for Neurological Diseases , a research center that will look to find treatments and cures for diseases like multiple Sclerosis , which Ann Romney was diagnosed with , as well as Alzheimer 's Disease and ALS , among others . That interview came after Romney first said her family was , "  Done . Done . Done " with her husband 's presidential ambitions , but then told the Washington Post the next day that "  we 'll have to see what happens . " Will Mitt Romney take the plunge again ? And on 2016 , Ann Romney seems to be taking the cues from her husband as she told the Washington Post Tuesday that "  we 'll have to see what happens . " That comment nearly identically echoed how her husband has explained that while he does n't envision a 2016 run , there 's always a chance . "  We 'll see what happens , " he told New York Times Magazine last month . And in an interview with radio host Hugh Hewitt , the two-time presidential contender said "  circumstances can change , but I 'm just not going to let my head go there . "	Ann Romney said her family -- including her husband -- does n't want a repeat of the emotionally draining 2012 campaign . But she also left the door open , saying "  you know , you never say never " . The New Day interview comes just days after she said she was , "  Done . Done . Done " with the idea of a 2016 bid .
CNN  -- It 's a tough time for businesses , but one entrepreneur may have found the recipe for success . Male and female servers go topless at Grand View Topless Coffee Shop . On Monday , Donald Crabtree opened Grand View Topless Coffee Shop in Vassalboro , Maine , where the waiters and waitresses serve their customers topless . In a town with fewer than 4,500 residents , the topless coffee shop is booming with business . Paul Crabtree , the owner 's brother , describes business so far as "  fantastic . " "  It 's just been crowds mobbing in , " he said . Donald Crabtree faced initial opposition to his plan , but he won the right to go ahead in a planning board hearing last week . Many local residents were irate over the idea of combining coffee and nudity . Crabtree , however , saw a profitable business venture . "  I know what people want , " he said . "  People like nudity , and coffee is profitable . Sure , I 'd start a coffee shop , but I 'd be out of work in a week . " The flood of job applications -- more than 150 -- for Grand View Topless Coffee Shop reflected the rough job market . Crabtree hired 10 women and five men under stringent requirements , including friendliness and , what he considered most important , that the wait staff "  treat everyone equally . " Watch townspeople , employees talk about coffee shop "  We did n't hire ' 10s , ' " he said , referring to appearance . "  We hired everyone from skinny to big-boned women . " Of the 15 selected , most had been laid off from other jobs in the past few months . Elvis Thompson of Brunswick , for example , was a line cook at a restaurant before he lost his job . "  They could n't afford me anymore , " he said . He said he does n't mind fielding interesting requests from customers . "  An 80-year-old woman told me she wanted to see me in spandex , " Thompson said . "  I just feel really lucky to have a job . I need the money so I can pay my rent . " Ginni Labree from Palermo , Maine , said she applied to several restaurants before being hired at the Grand View . All the restaurants declined to hire her because of her lack of experience . "  I 'm so excited , so excited to have a job , " she said . The coffee shop jobs are paying off . One waitress received a $ 100 tip for a cup of coffee , and most of the wait staff make about $ 30 a table . Although the topless coffee shop has been open less than a week , Crabtree said he is already seeing regulars . Customers include a variety of individuals , but mainly couples and females . He also sees his new business venture as a temporary fix for customers struggling through tough economic times . "  The economy is so bad , " Crabtree said , "  Everyone 's losing their homes , their ties , everything they own . People leave here happy and ca n't wait to come back . It 's nice to see people smile again . "	Men , women without tops wait tables at Maine coffee shop Owner says high number of applicants a reflection of tough job market Staff hired on basis of friendliness and willingness to "  treat everyone equally " "  People leave here happy and ca n't wait to come back , " owner says
CNN  -- Kenroy Williams , also known as "  Booms , " is "  Guardian of the Reptiles " in Hellshire , located near the Goat Islands in Jamaica . The region is centered in the Portland Bight Protected Area , an area of ocean and land set apart in 1999 to protect its rich biodiversity of birds , reptiles , plants , trees and marine life . But now , the Jamaican government is preparing to sell the Goat Islands to the China Harbour Engineering Co. to build a megafreighter seaport and industrial park . China Harbour is part of a conglomerate blacklisted by the World Bank under its Fraud and Corruption Sanctioning Policy . "  They 're destroying what should be preserved , " says Booms , who has been working to protect exceedingly rare reptiles in the area for seven years , including the critically endangered Jamaican iguana . The specifics of the development are being withheld , but Jamaica Information Service reports it involves dredging and land reclamation , and a coal-fired power plant built to service the facilities . Environmentalists expect the mangrove forest on the two Goat Islands to be clear cut and the surrounding coral reef dredged . With the threat to Goat Islands looming , Robin Moore , a fellow with the International League of Conservation Photographers , flew to Jamaica to record images of wildlife and people who may soon see the destruction of their beaches , mangrove forest ecosystems and their livelihoods . In a short film by Moore , Booms talks about what 's at stake : "  Portland Bight Protected Area consists of a beautiful beach and things that are here in Jamaica and found nowhere else , like the iguanas ... "  When the mangroves are destroyed , the earth wo n't stay together and then the water will take over . And that 's the problem . And we wo n't have any beaches , and we ca n't do without beaches . If we have no beaches , we have no turtles . We wo n't have any crocodiles ... " Booms especially fears for the Jamaican iguanas , Cyclura collei , thought to be extinct until 1990 , when Edwin Duffus found one while hunting pigs in the Hellshire Hills . The Goat Islands are right off the Hellshire coast . At the time , surveys of the area revealed fewer than 100 iguanas remaining . Hope Zoo and Botanical Gardens in Kingston , teamed with the Fort Worth Zoo in Texas and others , set up a program to rear baby iguanas until they 're big enough to be safe from predators . After release , the iguanas are tracked and observed to see how well they fare . The number of nesting females has grown from just six in 1991 to more than 30 in 2013 . About 255 head-started iguanas have been released into Hellshire , the only place on earth -- other than the Goat Islands -- that they can survive . The Jamaica Iguana Recovery Project believes the islands are the sanctuary necessary to save the animal . During the past 24 years , millions of dollars , plus the sweat of countless biologists and research volunteers , have been invested in bringing Cyclura collei back from the brink . Although many released iguanas are breeding and nesting in the wild , the animal is still critically endangered . Jamaican iguanas can live for 40 years or more . They distinguish between strangers and researchers who come to the forest regularly and may show themselves once they feel safe . Imagine a 4-foot long , 15-pound dinosaur-like animal walking out of the bush , sitting down nearby , and making eye contact with you . "  There is indeed something special about making eye contact with a Cyclura , " herpetologist Rick Hudson , of the Fort Worth Zoo , said . "  Back in the 1990s , you rarely saw an iguana ; you might hear one crashing through the bush but glimpses were a special sight . Now , you go out in Hellshire and see big healthy iguanas that are habituated and come and hang out with you . It 's the most incredible story I have ever been a part of . " The Jamaican Constitution states that the nation 's citizens have "  the right to enjoy a healthy and productive environment free from the threat of injury or damage from environmental abuse and degradation of the ecological heritage . " Some argue the project will bring jobs , but as fisherwoman Paulette Coley told Moore : "  The government claims it will bring jobs and opportunity to the area , but we are not qualified , and we are not being trained for the jobs that will need to be done . They tell us what they want us to hear , but the reality is that we will be worse off . " Diana McCaulay , CEO of the Jamaica Environment Trust , says that in past projects with Chinese contractors , most of the employees have been Chinese . "  What is the benefit to Jamaica ? That 's not clear . " McCaulay says developing Goat Islands extends the global crisis of unsustainable exploitation of natural resources . "  Jamaica is a small island , " she says , "  but this is happening all over the world , relentless pressure for high impact development that does n't benefit local populations , particularly those who use the resources . "  Although global climate change is a clear danger to island nations , we are still building on the coast and taking out natural protections like mangroves . Our regulatory agencies simply can not cope , especially with players like China who have huge financial resources and care little about the environment . " The rediscovery of the Jamaican iguana and the success of the recovery program has generated a huge conservation movement that draws international funding and ecotourism to the West Indies . This ecotourism could be developed . In 2012 , tourism contributed close to $ 4 billion to the economy of Jamaica and 25 % of jobs in the country are tourism-based . Tourists travel to see unspoiled beaches and native flora and fauna , and ideally , to see people living in a healthy relationship with their land . But if the Jamaican government sells out to Chinese developers , reversing its environmental protection laws and going against its own constitution , it will send the message that investing in tourism in Jamaica is unwise . There is still time to help the Jamaican people save their national treasure . Both Jamaica and China care about international opinion . Letters expressing concern and signatures on a petition may persuade Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller to stop the proposed development . Of his work as guardian of the reptiles , Booms says , "  My family and friends ? Some of them think it 's awesome . ... Some of them ask me if I really touch the lizards and some think I 'm crazy when they hear about the crocodiles . But the truth of the matter is that they do n't understand , and I know that . 'Cause if they were here like me , they would understand . We are at one with nature . "	China plans huge industrial seaport in protected region of ocean and land in Jamaica Wendy Townsend : Goat Island mangroves may be clear cut and coral reefs dredged Townsend : Area is home to critically endangered Jamaican iguana and many rare species She says Jamaica should stop the deal , invest in ecotourism , keep its vow to protect region
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Samer Issawi , a Palestinian who once refused solid food in a 266-day protest while in an Israeli prison , was released Monday . Issawi originally had been set free in late 2011 after nine years in prison but ended up back in detention nine months later for what Israeli officials said was a parole violation . He was never charged , however . To protest , he went on a solid-food fast from August 2012 to April 2013 , being kept alive by intravenous fluids injections . On the verge of death , he was offered a variety of deportation deals but he refused . And instead of serving out the rest of his original 30-year sentence , he agreed to stay in prison for the remaining eight months of his administrative detention period for the parole violation . After his release Monday , he returned to his home in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Issawiyeh . He was greeted by hundreds of chanting Palestinians who ignored the warning of Israeli forces against celebrating . Many waved Palestinian flags . Issawi had been arrested in 2002 during the second intifada and charged with attempted murder and weapons possession . In October 2011 , Israel freed more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners -- including Issawi and hundreds serving life sentences for attacks on Israelis -- in exchange for Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who had been held by Hamas for more than five years .	Samer Issawi nearly died during a hunger strike that lasted more than eight months He was kept alive through intravenous fluids He agreed to end the protest , serve out the detention time for a parole violation He had been set free in 2011 in an exchange deal for a captured Israeli soldier
