Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff won a hotly contested runoff election on Sunday . With more than 99 % of votes counted , the incumbent Rousseff had 51.59 % of the vote , according to official results . Opposition candidate Aecio Neves garnered 48.41 % . Neves said he called to congratulate Rousseff , who thanked voters on Twitter late Sunday for their support . The election was one of the tightest competitions in recent years . Before becoming the country 's first female president in 2011 , Rousseff , from the Workers ' Party , was chief of staff to former President Lula da Silva . She claims that under the presidencies of her predecessor and herself , masses of Brazilians have risen out of poverty . Rousseff , 66 , presided over the soccer World Cup in Brazil . She took a lot of political flack over how public money was spent . The President defeated Neves , a 54-year-old economist , who is a well-known name and a career politician . His campaign slogan promised reforms to lower inflation and encourage more investment in the country : "  The sure path for Brazil to really change . " The pro-business candidate belongs to the Brazilian Social Democratic Party , one of the country 's strongest . Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet also contributed to this report .	With more than 99 % of votes counted , Dilma Rousseff had 51.59 % of the vote Opposition candidate Aecio Neves had 48.41 % The election was one of the tightest competitions in recent years
CNN  -- There 's no question that losing your job can be a jolting experience , as anyone who has had the misfortune of being laid off in recent years can attest . But what if that jolt could be a positive experience ? That 's the suggestion to come out of recent research which looked into the experiences of laid-off mid-to senior-level managers in the United States and Australia . The participants ' overwhelming response was that the experience of losing their jobs in the previous 12 months had given them a renewed interest in living according to their values . The "  crisis " of redundancy was in fact an opportunity to get to better know themselves , and reassess their priorities to lead more fulfilled , happier lives . "  All of the respondents , which surprised us , talked about the positives associated with this jolt of job loss , " said study co-author Amy Kenworthy , a professor of management at Australia 's Bond University . "  These people took that jolt and focused on the positives of it to recalibrate themselves in terms of ` Who am I and what do I want from life ? ' It was counter-intuitive with what we thought was going to take place . " Read more : Want to be a leader ? Act like one Kenworthy said as their research was exploratory , and focused specifically on the experiences of those in middle-to upper-management , it did not necessarily represent everybody 's experiences . She said it reflected the way people could lose themselves and gradually become divorced from their personal values as they climbed the corporate ladder . Only a quarter of the responses from participants -- who ranged in age from their early 30s to late 50s , and nearly half of whom held doctorates -- related to feelings of self-doubt and cynicism , which the researchers had assumed would be the predominant response . "  It 's normal to be angry and upset and scared and frustrated , and to experience not only self-doubt , but cynicism about the process and the organization , " said Kenworthy . Instead , the respondents expressed a desire to lead their lives with more "  authenticity " and integrity , even if it meant forgoing corporate benefits or a high salary -- perhaps a luxury that former mid-to senior-level managers can afford . Their new priorities fit into three clear categories : the desire for a more balanced quality of life , with more time for family and friends ; more meaningful work which they felt contributed to society ; and job security and happiness . "  People said things like : ' I did n't realize how toxic work my environment was , and how important a criterion that should be ' , " said co-author Suzanne de Janasz , professor of leadership and organization development at Swiss business school IMD . Said Kenworthy : "  All of them expressed a genuine desire to be true to oneself as they moved forward to the next chapter of their careers . It was everything from ' I want to spend more time with my kids ' to ' I know I have much more creative talent than I was able to demonstrate in my last job . ' " Read more : Why we pick bad leaders Two respondents had opted to write books following their redundancy . "  For many of us , at some level inertia takes over . It 's the comfort of the routine , the comfort of the expected . It 's hard to break out of that , " said Kenworthy . "  The jolt of job loss may in fact be something that is very useful to people and there may be some very clear benefits to come from it . " The authors said there were lessons for organizations from their research : that cutting back hours and salaries might be a mutually satisfactory way of getting through lean times , as it would allow employees to address their work-life balance . Where layoffs were unavoidable , organizations could offer affected employees workshops to help them to assess and prioritize their values , rather than simply update their resumes . More broadly , the findings were a useful reminder , as the times of economic uncertainty continued , that there was always a potential upside to a downturn . "  There is something we can take from the Chinese written language that they have understood for a very long time -- that crisis can mean opportunity , " said Kenworthy . "  We do n't frame things that way , but maybe we should . "	New research suggests that redundancy can "  jolt " people into happier , more fulfilled lives Being laid off can shock people out of their corporate "  inertia " to reassess their priorities Participants in the research sought more meaningful new jobs in line with their values Study looked at laid-off mid - to senior-level managers in the United States and Australia
CNN  -- When cancer invades the brain , the prognosis is usually grim . Despite his treatment at highly regarded medical centers , Edward "  Ted " Kennedy , who served as a Democratic senator from Massachusetts for nearly 47 years , died just over a year after his surgery . Kennedy suffered a seizure May 17 , 2008 , while walking his dogs at his home in Hyannis Port . Three days later , doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston said a brain biopsy revealed a tumor , known as a malignant glioma , in the left parietal lobe . Malignant gliomas are the second-most common cause of death from cancer for people 15 to 44 years old , according to a 2005 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The causes of glioma tumors are mysterious . Many patients do not have genetic risk factors , and any connections with lifestyle are not clear , said Dr. Larry Junck , head of the Neuro-Oncology Program at the University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center . Junck was not involved in the senator 's treatment . Gliomas do not often spread to other parts of the body , but grow into the brain at their site of origin , Junck said . Kennedy 's doctors did not specify what type of malignant glioma he had . But the majority are glioblastomas , especially in older patients , said Dr. Tara Morrison , a neuro-oncologist at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Glioblastoma multiforme , which is the most common primary brain tumor , is aggressive and deadly . Typically diagnosed at age 55 , it is not unusual for a glioblastoma to recur after treatment , according to the Mayo Clinic . Kennedy 's treatment -- surgery , followed by radiation and chemotherapy -- would be familiar to many people who have faced cancer . The senator 's treatment was "  the standard of care for anyone with a malignant glioma , " Morrison said .  Morrison also was not involved in Kennedy 's treatment . The senator underwent surgery at Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina , in June 2008 . The goal of this kind of surgery is to remove as much tumor as possible , Morrison said . See a timeline of Kennedy 's life " Surgery is usually followed by six weeks of radiation . Kennedy wrote in a Newsweek magazine article that he underwent proton-beam therapy , a type of radiation therapy , at Massachusetts General Hospital . The hospital is one of only six centers in the United States that offers proton radiotherapy , according to the nonprofit National Association for Proton Therapy . The theory behind proton therapy is that its high-energy particles zone in specifically on the tumor and so do not harm the surrounding healthy tissue as much as the X-ray photons in conventional therapy , said Dr. Donald O'Rourke , associate professor of neurosurgery at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine . Despite the enthusiasm about this relatively new treatment , no evidence exists that shows proton-beam therapy is better than conventional therapy at getting rid of the tumor , nor does much data support the claim that it does less harm to healthy tissue , O'Rourke said . During the five weeks of radiation , a patient typically would take an oral chemotherapy drug called Temodar at a low dose every day , Morrison said . Then , a month-long break is followed by at least six months of Temodar at a higher dose . Treating malignant gliomas is especially hard because they grow in essential parts of the brain , so it 's difficult to get every harmful cell out with surgery , Morrison said . "  It 's very hard to remove large portions of the brain without causing functional problems in a patient , " she said . The cancer cells also infiltrate structures beyond what a scan can show , she said . The average life expectancy is from 15 to 18 months after surgery , Morrison said . Only about 10 percent of patients are still alive after five years , Junck said . Researchers are looking at many other treatments for brain tumors . The drug Avastin , which is approved for patients whose glioblastoma tumors return , is in clinical trials for use after the initial diagnosis . The Preston Robert Tisch Brain Tumor Center at Duke goes a step further , according to Dr. Henry Friedman , the center 's deputy director . Friedman said the evidence for Avastin 's benefit against recurrent tumors is so compelling that he 's taken a "  leap of faith " and includes the drug in the regimen for newly diagnosed glioblastoma patients whenever possible , even when they do n't qualify for clinical trials . Immunotherapy is also being studied in clinical trials . Researchers take a portion of the tumor and grind it up with white blood cells from the patient , in hopes that the blood cells will learn to fight the cancer cells , Junck said . Then , the blood cells are injected into the patient to combat remaining tumor cells . The evidence from this approach has been inconclusive , he said . At the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine , O'Rourke and colleagues are working on the first noninvasive technique to identify genetic mutations associated with glioblastomas . They have measured blood flow to the brain with magnetic resonance imaging , or MRI . A certain level of blood flow is linked to an underlying gene mutation associated with poor prognosis . Researchers hope to use this as a diagnostic tool and as an aid in targeting therapy to specific genes . "  Perhaps more importantly , when you start treating these patients , if those changes in the MRI go away and it appears to be less aggressive , we may be able to say that our treatment is working , " O'Rourke said . Already the researchers can use the MRI method to see if the patient is responding to treatment , and can make treatment selection based on it . They are still working on using it as a diagnostic tool . O'Rourke expects this method to be widely available with the next year or two . Further down the line , targeted nanoparticles -- submicroscopic particles coated with special substances that direct them to the tumor site and deliver high doses of chemicals -- may be used in treatments that have fewer side effects than drugs available today . Researchers at Argonne National Laboratory are going to test this approach in brain tumors in mice , but it will be at least five years before it could become available in humans . Read more about nanotechnology 's promise for cancer High-profile people such as Kennedy , who are battling malignant brain tumors , have increased awareness of the condition , O'Rourke said . There has also been a "  recent explosion " of technology , such as surgical and imaging techniques , that have helped the survival rate , he said . "  I think in the next 10 years , we 're going to see a situation in which we can really classify glioblastomas ... and select the appropriate treatments accordingly , " he said . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Malignant gliomas typically do not spread to other parts of the body The average life expectancy is from 15 to 18 months after surgery Experimental treatments include immunotherapy and Avastin for new diagnoses
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli Cabinet has approved an amendment to a citizenship law that requires new citizens to declare their loyalty to a "  Jewish and democratic state , " the prime minister 's office said Sunday . A statement from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office confirmed vote , saying 22 ministers voted for the change and eight voted against it . Now that the proposal has passed the Cabinet , it will be taken up by Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , for passage into law . Before his government 's weekly Cabinet meeting , Netanyahu made a forceful plea Sunday for changing the nation 's Citizenship Law . He challenged criticism that the revision is undemocratic and could harm relations with the minority Arab population . Netanyahu cited the nation 's Declaration of Independence , which says Israel is both the "  national state of the Jewish people " and a democratic state "  in which all its citizens -- Jewish and non-Jewish -- enjoy fully equal rights . " "  Democracy is the soul of Israel and we can not do without it , " Netanyahu said , according to a statement from his media adviser . He noted that Israel was the only democracy in the Middle East , and that "  there is no other Jewish state in the world . " "  The combination of these two lofty values expresses the foundation of our national life and anyone who would like to join us needs to recognize this , " Netanyahu said . Netanyahu announced last week he would push now for adding language to Israel 's citizenship and entry law that would declare a new citizen 's allegiance to "  a Jewish and democratic state . " After the prime minister announced the push , but before Sunday 's Cabinet vote , Arab Knesset member Hanin Zoabi said that Israel is "  discriminative in its policies and laws against all who are not Zionists . " Zoabi went on to say the law "  not only discriminates between Jews and non Jews , it also discriminates between Zionist Jews and non Zionists Jews . " Another Arab Knesset member Ahmed Tibi , from the Ra'am - Ta'al party , criticized the move as well , saying that "  the values of Jewish and Democratic can not be in the same definition because democracy is the equality of all the citizens . " "  But an ethnic definition as Jewish is the preference of the Jew over that of the Arab and therefore it fixates an inferior status to 20 percent of the population , " Tibi said . Israel is home to roughly 6 million Jewish citizens and 1.5 million Arab citizens . In describing the reasons for the timing of the proposed change of language , Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , said , "  What we are asking others to accept we have to demand of ourselves " -- a reference to the recent Israeli government demand that Palestinians recognize Israel as the nation state of the Jewish people . The language of the new oath would not apply to immigrants coming to Israel under what is called the "  Law of Return " that allows converted Jews and people with Jewish ancestry the right to settle in Israel and acquire citizenship . Israel 's right-wing coalition government is divided over the proposal . Minister of Social Affairs Yitzhak Herzog from the Labour Party , which questions the change , told Israeli Army radio that political pressure was behind Netanyahu 's push for the move . The problem with the amendment , Herzog said , "  is not in the essence but the influence this will have on the dialogue with the Arab minority in Israel . " Recently resumed peace talks with the Palestinian leadership appear to hinge on whether Israel will extend a moratorium on construction in Jewish settlements in the West Bank . The moratorium expired on September 26 . The right-wing Yisrael Beiteinu party , also a member of the coalition government , welcomed the proposed change and denied it had anything to do with a possible extension of the settlement freeze . "  It is definitely not connected to the settlement freeze , " said David Rotem , a Knesset member for the party . "  We have been talking about passing this law even before the elections and it is part of our coalition agreement . " Before the changes were approved by the Cabinet , Rotem told CNN the oath was "  very similar to the citizenship law in the United States , England , Australia , France and many other countries who all demand a declaration of loyalty . " CNN 's Shira Medding , Michal Zippori , Kevin Flower and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	Israeli Cabinet approves changes to citizenship law Changes approved by Cabinet face passage in Knesset The coalition government appears divided over the proposal An Arab party member criticizes the proposal as undemocratic
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The days are getting shorter , the nights colder , but that does n't mean that your electricity bill needs to go through the roof . In a unique experiment , the residents of Britain 's Scilly Isles are hoping to show that reducing your electricity consumption does n't have to be difficult . The Isles of Scilly is switching off power to promote energy efficiency . As part of E-Day , homes , schools and businesses on the Scilly Isles are switching off all non-essential electrical equipment to promote energy saving . The results of the experiment are being posted online in real-time . E-Day organizer , Matt Prescott said : "  The Isles of Scilly are like a miner 's canary for the rest of the UK , because of their vulnerability to sea level rise , to violent storms rolling off the Atlantic and to any major changes in the Gulf Stream . " The islands , which lie 28 miles off Land 's End , the UK 's most westerly point , are connected to the UK mainland by a single electricity cable which means that power usage in the experiment can be measured efficiently . All of the 2000-strong community who are spread across five islands have been encouraged to join in . The energy savings made will be compared against the previous day 's usage with updates appearing online regularly . The E-Day Web site keeps track of costs and kWh usage providing up-to-the-minute information about how much electricity is being used in island-wide as well as individually monitoring Five Islands School on St Mary 's Island and the electricity consumption of one family . "  We 've fitted the family and the school with special energy monitors so they can accurately monitor what appliances use the most electricity , " Prescott told CNN . Studies suggest that families who use these sorts of energy monitors can cut their electricity bills by up to 20 percent . At the time of writing , the family 's consumption had dropped dramatically , down 35 percent on the previous day , which Prescott estimates is a saving of around # 300  $ 475  on their annual electricity bill . Sadly the figures for the school and the island as a whole were n't quite so impressive . The school was up six percent on the previous day , while the island as a whole saw a two percent rise in usage . Prescott put these small rises down to the notoriously fickle British weather . "  Yesterday was lovely and sunny , " he said . "  So far , today it has been rainy . " The damp and gloom have meant more lights being switched on but despite these meteorological setbacks , Prescott remained upbeat about the success of the experiment . "  Before the family left home this morning they turned off everything they could , so their reduction in usage is a fantastic result , " he said . Visitors to the the E-Day Web site can also play the "  5 Things " game to find out what all sorts of household appliances cost to run and how much they cost you and the environment . "  The E-Day experiment will hopefully prove that the small things can make a big difference , especially when we work together and try to save energy , " Prescott said . Prescott is also the founder of "  Ban the Bulb " -- an energy efficiency campaign which is helping phase out the use of incandescent light bulbs in 30 countries . The event has been organized as part of a four-day Earth Summit event which has seen the Isles of Scilly play host to fellow islanders from Samoa , The Galapagos Islands , Madagascar and the Carteret Islands -- whose inhabitants are some of the first people being displaced by rising sea-levels .	UK 's Scilly Isles take part in a day-long experiment monitoring electricity consumption Islanders being encouraged to switch off all non-essential electrical appliances E-Day is the culmination of a four-day long Earth Summit on the islands
CNN  -- With 182 Formula One wins , McLaren is one of the most successful marques in the history of the sport , but F1 's second oldest team could be waiting some time for the next victory . So much so , that after the team 's stuttering start to the new F1 season last weekend , McLaren drivers Jenson Button and Sergio Perez have already ruled themselves out of winning Sunday 's Malaysian Grand Prix . The 2009 world champion Button won three races last season and after Lewis Hamilton left McLaren to join Mercedes he must have been relishing the chance to launch a title challenge as the team 's No. 1 driver . However the Briton , who finished ninth at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix , is expecting another frustrating weekend in Kuala Lumpur . "  Australia was obviously a tough weekend and , despite getting the maximum out of the car , it 's still clearly not where we want to be , " Button told the sport 's official website . "  There 's a lot of work to be done but we all know that this team wo n't stop working until they get it right . For this weekend , I do n't think we can expect an improvement in our fortunes , but the thing about Malaysia is that it can be so unpredictable . " Like all Englishmen , Button is closely watching the weather forecast in the hope that McLaren might profit from what could be a wet race at the Sepang International Circuit to even up the odds for the British team . "  We saw that last year , when Fernando  Alonso  won , and we know that the unpredictable weather can make it a lottery for everyone , " added Button . "  That 's something that could play into our hands -- I do enjoy driving in changeable conditions , and would love the challenge of being able to run competitively in a car that we all know is not quite capable of challenging for victories yet . " Perez , who made his debut for McLaren last weekend after joining the British marque from Sauber , delivered an equally sombre assessment of the team 's problems . "  Last weekend 's race was a difficult one for everybody on the team , but it 's shown us exactly what we need to do to close down the gap to the leaders , " said the 23-year-old Mexican , who finished second in Malaysia last season , "  This weekend in Malaysia will be about trying to maximise the package we have while knowing that it 's not going to be enough to allow us to fight for overall victory . "  Sepang holds many happy memories -- I had one of the best races of my career there last year where I was able to push Alonso for victory until the closing laps . The Circuit : CNN 's F1 interactive "  It 's a fantastic circuit , really fast and demanding . It would be great to pull off another unexpected result for the team this year . " Mercedes optimism Former McLaren driver Hamilton enjoyed a solid first race for Mercedes last weekend , finishing fifth after starting the race third on the grid , and the 2008 world champion has been pleasantly buoyed by his team 's performance in Melbourne . "  I feel very optimistic , " Hamilton was reported to have said by AFP . "  I came away from there with 10 points and I feel really happy with 10 points because when I made the switch I did n't know where we 'd be , and I definitely did n't think we 'd come away from the first race with 10 points . " Hamilton is confident he can match the pace of Red Bull 's triple world champion Sebastian Vettel . "  I do n't think they  Red Bull  had frightening pace in qualifying , " continued the 28-year-old Briton . "  I think if I was out at the same time , if I was out as late as they had gone out , I think I could have matched their time . "  But then we got to the race and they had great pace again , as they always do and he  Vettel  disappeared , along with everyone else . Hopefully in the next race we wo n't have that problem . " Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen is the top of the drivers ' rankings following the first race after the 2007 world champion took the checkered flag at Albert Park in Melbourne . But the Finn denied suggestions he will be the man everyone is looking to beat in Sunday 's race . "  There 's no target  on my back  , " said the 32-year-old . "  We 're not doing any different things this week from what we did previously . "  So whether people think we are the leaders makes no difference to how we work , what we 're going to do this weekend or any other weekend . We 'll try to do our best and hopefully we can score some good points . "	Jenson Button and Sergio Perez say McLaren will not compete in Malaysia Button finished ninth at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix Lewis Hamilton confident Mercedes can challenge Red Bull in 2013 Kimi Raikkonen plays down suggestions he 's the man to beat at Sepang
Zapata , Texas  CNN  -- The wife of an American man missing since a reported pirate attack on a U.S.-Mexico border lake said Thursday it 's "  hard being judged " by people who have questioned her story , but "  I know what happened that day . " Tiffany Hartley told authorities her husband David was shot and killed by pirates on Falcon Lake during a sightseeing trip last week . His body has yet to be found , leading to questions about the accuracy of her account . But Hartley told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " on Thursday that "  I know what I know . " "  It 's hard being judged and thought of that I might have done something to him , " she said . But she added , "  As long as I know the truth , God knows the truth . And other than that , it almost does n't really matter to me , because I know what happened that day . " Mexican authorities said earlier this week that they could not verify the shooting , and Hartley was asked point-blank on NBC 's "  Today " show Wednesday whether she had anything to do with her husband 's disappearance . Pam Hartley , David Hartley 's mother , said Tuesday that any suggestion that her daughter-in-law 's account was inaccurate is "  insane . " Investigators have found some evidence that backs up Hartley 's account , including blood on her life vest , Zapata County , Texas , Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez Jr. said Thursday . And the incident was similar to other attacks reported by boaters on Falcon Lake , about 70 miles west of the Hartley 's home in McAllen . Gonzalez has said the gunmen are typically teenagers hired by a drug cartel in the neighboring Mexican state of Tamaulipas . Mexican authorities have said the lake is controlled on their side by "  organized criminals , " and the sheriff called on the Zeta cartel to turn over Hartley 's remains if they have them . "  We just want a body , " he said . Tiffany Hartley said she believes the attackers took her 30-year-old husband 's body after he was shot in the head and fell off the personal watercraft he was riding . She said she suspects her husbands ' remains are more likely to have been dragged onto land than to have been left in the lake . "  We do believe if they would just go ahead and give us David 's body back , it would be done . It would be concluded . We could go on with our lives , " she said . Authorities from both nations are conducting separate searches and are coordinating and holding regular meetings , State Department spokeswoman Virginia Staab said . But because the alleged crime happened on the Mexican side of the border , the United States can not prosecute or make arrests in the case , the sheriff said . Tiffany Hartley , 29 , told HLN that the couple set out across the lake on personal watercraft for a sight-seeing trip to Guerrero Viejo , a half-submerged ghost town on the Mexican side of the lake . Though there had been warnings about previous robberies on the lake , she said they had heard of no problems for several months , "  So we figured eveyrthing had kind of calmed down . " Instead , she said , they were pursued by men in three boats as they left the site 's historic church . At first , "  They just waved at us like we were friendly , a very friendly wave , " she said . But then , as the couple passed , she said they began chasing them and firing shots . David Hartley was shot in the head and fell off his personal watercraft , and he was unresponsive when she turned back to try to retrieve him , his wife said . While she was trying to haul him onto her craft , their attackers pulled up alongside , she said . "  They did n't say anything to me , so I do n't know what they were trying to do think or they were doing , but they left , " she said . "  They just left me there . Thankfully they did n't shoot at me . They had a gun pointed at me . " Unable to pull her husband 's body out of the water , Tiffany Hartley headed back across the lake to U.S. waters . She said the gunmen fired "  a few more " times on her way back . "  Once I started to get going , I just went as fast as I could and did n't look back until I could n't see them anymore , " she said . A man who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity this week said Hartley appeared shaken and upset when she came ashore and asked him to call sheriff 's deputies . Rolando Flores , lead investigator for the Tamaulipas state police , described the area as "  a conflict zone . " The state has made headlines recently as a hotbed for drug cartel violence , and there have been at least four cases of gunmen in Mexican waters robbing or threatening boaters on Falcon Lake since April , according to the Texas Department of Public Safety . David Hartley worked for an oil company in Reynosa , Mexico , and the couple had lived on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande before moving back to the United States earlier this year , family friends said . His aunt , Alice Harrod , told HLN 's "  Prime News " the family had concerns about their safety in the area , "  and we were all thrilled to hear that they were moving back to Colorado , " where they grew up . "  We 're all very devastated . It 's hard to even believe something like this could happen . We 're hanging in there , but it 's very , very difficult for the whole family , " Harrod said . According to Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , 60 Mexican personnel , three boats and a helicopter have taken part in the search . Investigators resumed their work Thursday despite threats to their lives , and Cuellar suggested that the Mexican navy might need to be called in to help . Despite the dangers on the Mexican side of the lake , Texas officials on Thursday said that the U.S. side of the body of water remains safe . " It is just as safe now as any other time . However , there is a threat , " said Rep. Ruben Hinojosa , D-Texas . CNN 's Justine Redman , Nick Valencia , Dave Alsup and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Wife tells HLN , "  I know what I know " Sheriff calls on drug cartels to turn over body Tiffany Hartley said men in motorboats shot her husband U.S. and Mexican authorities are conducting separate searches
Washington  CNN  -- Julia Pierson became the first female director of the U.S. Secret Service in March 2013 , tapped to change the culture of an agency that was then marred by a Colombian prostitution scandal . Eighteen months later , she 's been ousted as the agency faces a harsh new round of criticism . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Wednesday that he had accepted Pierson 's resignation -- and that he is appointing an independent panel to investigate a Sept. 19 incident that saw Omar Gonzalez run deep inside the White House , carrying a knife , before Secret Service agents tackled him . Related : Secret Service Julia Pierson resigns "  I think it 's in the best interest of the Secret Service and the American public if I step down , " Pierson told Bloomberg News after resigning Wednesday . "  Congress has lost confidence in my ability to run the agency . The media has made it clear that this is what they expected . " "  I can be pretty stoic about it , but not really , " she reportedly said . "  It 's painful to leave as the agency is reeling from a significant security breach . " Pierson 's resignation marks the end of a 30-year career with the Secret Service that included stints on the protective details of presidents George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . Pierson became the Secret Service 's chief of staff in 2008 , according to her official bio . She had been the assistant director of the Office of Human Resources and Training , and held the title of deputy assistant director in the Office of Protective Operations and the Office of Administration . Pierson started her career in law enforcement as a police officer in Orlando . She joined the Secret Service in 1983 , working in the Miami and Orlando field offices . Her appointment came after the resignation of Mark Sullivan , who retired the year after 13 Secret Service employees were caught in a scandal over prostitutes who were brought to a Colombian hotel where they were staying as they prepared for an Obama trip to the area . "  I 'm disappointed that I did n't have an opportunity to implement structural and operational changes in the agency , " Pierson told Bloomberg News . "  I had a vision for the future . It 's 31 years of service and a firm understanding of the organization . " Obama called Pierson on Wednesday to "  express his appreciation for her service to the agency and to the country , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said . "  She dedicated more than 30 years of her life to the United States Secret Services and to the important work that they do over there , " Earnest said , commending Pierson for spending "  several hours in front of the cameras " in Tuesday 's House hearing . "  In the context of that interaction , she took responsibility for the shortcomings of the agency that she led and she took responsibility for fixing them , " he said . "  That quite simply is a testament to her professionalism and her character . " Lawmakers who had criticized the Secret Service 's performance in a hearing Tuesday said her departure was the right move . "  As I told Ms. Pierson in our phone call earlier today , we appreciate her thirty years of service to our nation , to the Secret Service , and to multiple presidents , " said Rep. Elijah Cummings , the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee , who had called for Pierson 's ouster earlier Wednesday . "  I absolutely respect her decision , and now we have to ensure that we focus on the difficult work of fully restoring the Secret Service to its rightful status as the most elite protective service in the world , " he said . Rep. Jason Chaffetz  R-Utah  told CNN that Pierson 's performance in Tuesday 's hearing "  did n't inspire any confidence . " "  Those of us that were sitting in that room in a bipartisan way I think left with less confidence in her rather than more , " he said . "  It was not a good showing . " House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa  R-Calif .  said his panel will continue to investigate the agency . "  Problems at the Secret Service pre-date Ms. Pierson 's tenure as director , and her resignation certainly does not resolve them , " he said .	Julia Pierson was the first female director of the U.S. Secret Service . She was appointed in 2013 after a prostitution scandal marred the agency . Her resignation ends a 30-year career with the Secret Service .
CNN  -- Exotic food is part of the global travel experience . But recent efforts by conservation groups to ban the much-loved deep fried shark sandwich in Trinidad and Tobago have proved these experiences are often fraught with cultural difficulties , especially for travelers who like to experiment with new experiences . Here are some of the more exotic food items travelers might encounter , along with reasons some say you should avoid them . Ortolan  France The ortolan is a songbird found throughout Europe . In France , home to one of the largest populations , it 's a delicacy traditionally consumed beneath a napkin , because it 's eaten whole , the entire creature devoured in one mouthful . The dish featured in the latest "  Hannibal " TV series . Poachers illegally kill thousands every year and the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  estimates that the species has declined by 30 % over the past decade . "  The population has declined steadily due to illegal hunting purely to satisfy epicurean appetites , " says Professor Stanley Temple , a conservation expert at the University of Wisconsin . "  We have a terrible history of decimating birds like the ortolan , which are hunted solely for illicit profit . " Shark fin  China "  One quarter of species of shark are at risk of extinction and demand for fins is a substantial component of this threat , " says Professor Michael McCarthy , a conservationist at the University of Melbourne . You 're mostly likely to come across shark fin soup in China , where the expensive dish is traditionally served at weddings , or to welcome guests and to show respect at other formal occasions . In Asia , consumption of shark fins and meat is legal , and Taiwan is the only Asian country to ban the controversial practice of finning , which involves removing the shark 's fin and discarding the rest of the carcass at sea . Recently some airlines and hotels in Hong Kong removed shark fin from their menus in response to the controversy and China banned the serving of shark fin at official government banquets . Green sea turtle  Cayman Islands Travelers are most likely to find green sea turtle meat in the Cayman Islands  where it 's regarded as a national dish and legal to consume and breed the species  , throughout the Caribbean , Asia and some of the U.S. southern states , although it 's illegal to import , sell , or transport the species in the United States . Diminishing numbers and the widely condemned breeding conditions found at the world 's only legal breeding facility in the Cayman Islands mean travelers should avoid this dish , according to some . "  Whilst some local communities may depend on turtle meat for subsistence and cultural reasons , there 's no need for travelers or tourists to eat this endangered animal , " points out Elise Neve at the World Society for the Protection of Animals . Pangolin  China If you 're keen to impress friends with tales of exotic foods the pangolin might tick the box , but increased demand has wreaked havoc for the creature , despite its unappetizing appearance . You 're most likely to find a plateful of pangolin in China , where it 's now illegal to hunt the animal . The pangolins ' secretive , solitary and nocturnal habits have made it hard to estimate numbers , although records point to a sharp decrease . 7 ways to save the pangolin "  Pangolins look like armor-plated lizards , but are shy , nocturnal mammals , " explains Simon Pope , director of campaigns and communications at World Society for the Protection of Animals . "  The wildlife trade network TRAFFIC has reported that the insatiable demand for pangolin meat has decimated populations and demand from China is now seeing pangolins in Africa being hunted for the Asian restaurant market . " Western long-beaked echidna  Papua New Guinea The Western long-beaked echidna 's native home is New Guinea , but the threat of extinction looms large due to hunting for human consumption . It 's one of only two species of mammal to lay eggs  the other is the platypus  , and is key to understanding mammalian evolution . The Papua New Guinean government has banned commercial hunting but traditional hunting with dogs is permitted . They 're now incredibly rare in New Guinea , but breeding programs carried out by zoos in other countries are going some way to safeguard the species ' future . Mountain chicken/giant ditch frog  Dominica , Montserrat This super-sized amphibian may not look too appealing as a delicacy , but its popularity in the Caribbean has seen the population decline by 80 % over the past decade . The meat regularly appears on restaurant menus , although it 's now only found on Dominica and Montserrat . The IUCN , which lists the species as critically endangered , says up to 36,000 were being killed every year as recently as 2002 , and estimates there are now just 8,000 remaining . Gorilla  Republic of the Congo Gorillas have been pushed to the brink of extinction due to their popularity as bushmeat . In cities such as Pointe Noire in the Republic of the Congo , smoked gorilla meat is sold openly  but illegally  at markets . It 's believed that more than 400 gorillas are killed for bushmeat every year , despite the fact that the species is listed as critically endangered by the IUCN . The species ' low productive rates mean that even low levels of hunting have a devastating effect on populations . Chinese giant salamander  China Chinese giant salamanders are the largest species of amphibian and live in lakes and rivers in southern China . Over the past 30 years , over-harvesting for the food trade -- they sell for $ 1,000 a piece -- has seen an 80 % decline in numbers , and it 's now classed as critically endangered by the IUCN . Over-harvesting has n't just threatened its survival but stunted its growth -- scientists believe that hunters ' preference for larger salamanders is the reason they no longer grow beyond six feet in length . "  Chinese giant salamander should always be avoided , " says Claire Christian at the Antarctic and Southern Ocean Coalition . "  This species has declined to extremely low levels . " Dolphin  Japan , Taiwan Sale of dolphin meat for consumption is common and legal in Japan , although it 's often mislabeled and sold as whale meat , which sells for much more . Although the way in which the dolphins are killed is controversial , most notably as highlighted by the movie "  The Cove , " none of the species being hunted in Japan are listed as endangered . In Taiwan , the catching , selling and consumption of dolphin meat was banned in 1989 . Despite this , 1,000 dolphins are caught illegally there every year and dolphin fishcakes are often sold openly at street food stalls , especially in Western Taiwan .	Shark fin still consumed regularly in China , though hotels and airlines have recently removed the dish from menus Green sea turtle is a delicacy in Cayman Islands , though travelers are advised to avoid it Gorillas nearly extinct due to hunting , but still sold as bushmeat in central and Western Africa
CNN  -- Colorado lawmakers on Wednesday approved a bill that would create financial services cooperatives specifically for licensed marijuana businesses in the state . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper is expected to sign the bill , according to his office . The legislation comes three months after the Justice Department issued rules for the first time allowing banks to legally provide financial services to marijuana merchants . Because marijuana is illegal under federal law , banks have been "  reluctant " to provide services to licensed pot sellers , according to the bill , HB 1398 . As a result , these businesses often operate on a cash-only basis , a practice that Hickenlooper calls "  an invitation to corruption and criminal activity . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in January that forcing marijuana businesses to be cash businesses , because they ca n't access banks , is a public safety problem . "  Huge amounts of cash , substantial amounts of cash , just kind of lying around with no place for it to appropriately deposited is something that would worry me from just a law enforcement perspective , " he said . Colorado became the first state in the nation to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana , allowing pot stores to open for business on January 1 . Under the bill , cannabis credit co-ops can not refer to themselves as credit unions or banks and do not need deposit insurance . The co-ops will be subject to taxation , according to the bill . Cannabis lovers take Denver 's 420 weekend to new highs Banks cleared to accept marijuana business CNN 's Carma Hassan and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Gov. John Hickenlooper is expected to sign the bill , his office says Banks have been "  reluctant " to do business with marijuana sellers due to federal law Pot sellers are often forced to operate on a cash-only basis , which invites crime
CNN  -- You can almost hear them now . The throngs descending on San Diego Comic-Con , ready to devour as much pop culture as they can possibly muster over an extra-long weekend . Officially , the Con begins on Thursday of next week . But , there is that magical time known as Preview Night on Wednesday , when the number one , two and three items on the agenda are to snag as many exclusive goodies as possible ... namely , toys ! Comic-Con exclusives tend to be nostalgic in nature , and Hasbro 's "  Lost Wave " of "  Indiana Jones " figures -- revealed for the first time on CNN.com -- is no exception . In honor of "  Raiders of the Lost Ark 's " 30th anniversary , the toy company is adding to the 2008 line of figures , including two new versions of Indy and one of Marion . John Frascotti , chief marketing officer with Hasbro , explained that these figures were never released in stores as planned in 2008 . "  They truly are a special edition , because it was never made available to the public , " he said . "  It ties right into what collectors at Comic-Con are looking for , which is something unique , something special , something that no one else has . " The major and smaller toy companies have been offering up exclusives as part of the explosion in interest in the convention over the past five years . "  It 's really a unique event , " said Frascotti . "  It 's a special chance for many elements of our company to interact with people that have a special passion for these brands . " The new Indy figures are sure to get fans drooling at Comic-Con , and here are five more toys that should fly off shelves on Preview Night . -- "  Back to the Future " Hot Wheels vehicle Fellow toy giant Mattel also has a major presence on the convention floor , and this year the company is offering fans their very own "  Hot Wheels " version of a Delorean from the movie "  Back to the Future . " The best part of this , however , is the packaging . It 's a mini-version of the briefcase in which Dr. Emmett Brown kept the plutonium !  As for sending the Delorean back to the future -- or the past -- you 'll have to figure out how to get it up to 88 mph first . "  This is a 1/64 scale time machine , which comes in its own plastic display case right in front of the clock tower , with flames coming out of the tires just like it 's jumping into time , " said Scott Neitlich , manager of Boys ' Entertainment at Mattel and a collector in his own right . The exclusives like these cater to the hardcore fans , as opposed to casual collectors of all ages . "  We look very carefully at what brands we have that play up to the key demographics at Comic-Con , " said Neitlich . "  Obviously not every brand is appropriate for Comic-Con . We will go with the obvious "  low-hanging fruit " brands like Ghostbusters , Masters of the Universe and DC Comics . Hot Wheels is not necessarily a Comic-Con brand , but when you apply it to a sci-fi , geekdom vehicle , like the Delorean , then it becomes a great item for Comic-Con . " -- The "  Revenge of the Jedi " collection Taking its name from the original title of "  Return of the Jedi , " this collection includes special versions of "  Jedi " characters Boba Fett , Wicket the Ewok , Salacious B. Crumb and an R2-D2 who serves drinks . -- Skystriker with Cobra Commander This one will basically blow the minds of fans who grew up in the 1980s . Here we have what is a version of the "  Transformers " character Starscream being piloted by Cobra Commander . "  We 're mashing up ` Transformers ' and ` G.I. Joe , ' " said Frascotti . "  We 're giving the Skystriker plane from ` G.I. Joe ' a custom makeover and making it the Decepticon Starscream . Fans of both franchises really like it when we do this type of mashup . " -- Voltron This year , Mattel will be introducing its very first Voltron figure at the Con , for those who look back fondly at the anime character from the 1980s  recently brought back on a current NickToons series  . "  Obviously , there have been many other Voltron figures in the past . What we 're offering is the first ever 6-inch scale Voltron , " said Neitlich . "  This figure makes Voltron at the same size with other figures that collectors may have . " Best of all , Voltron comes with his blazing sword . -- "  Dexter " Dark Defender Aside from the nostalgia factor , there are some more recent properties that do well on Preview Night . Last year 's "  Dexter " bobblehead was a hot seller for smaller toy company Entertainment Earth . This year , they 've created a Dexter action figure complete with its own card packaging showing star Michael C. Hall . "  America 's Favorite Serial Killer " is certainly for the grownup collectors out there . Whether you 're there to relive a part of your childhood or celebrate genre entertainment in the present , fans can usually find at least one thing that they 're dying to part with their hard-earned money to get , and in the age of fan conventions , companies continue to tailor their special-release toys like these to what the geek crowd wants . So if your colleague comes back to work after his trip to San Diego with a bobblehead TARDIS , now you know it came from Preview Night .	Fans look forward to San Diego Comic-Con exclusives every year The best time to get exclusives are on Wednesday , Preview Night Hasbro has previously unreleased "  Indiana Jones " figures this year Mattel will offer its first "  Voltron " figure , and Entertainment Earth has "  Dexter "
CNN  -- Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar of Springdale , Arkansas , are the parents of 18 children , and their family is the focus of a TLC network reality series . Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar say they are grateful for their 18 children , and may have more . Joy Behar , guest host Thursday night on "  Larry King Live , " asked the Duggars how they are able to stay debt free with such a large family and what they thought of Nadya Suleman , the single mother who recently gave birth to octuplets after having fertility treatments . Following is a transcript of their conversation . Joy Behar : Let me ask you something . What is your reaction to this octomom ? Nadya Suleman , the story . What do you think about that ? Michelle Duggar : Well , I just know from my own heart , I ca n't judge and look at her and judge her situation . I just know from my heart , and personally God changed our heart about children years ago . And so we 've kind of gone about it the old-fashioned way . And so we are enjoying each one of the blessings that God has given us , and we 're thankful for each one of them . Behar : Right , at least you guys enjoyed having the babies , you went through the sex then the giving birth . This woman did n't have any of that , except the giving birth , which must have been rough , do n't you think ? Michelle Duggar : Oh , my , I ca n't imagine . I had twins , but I have -- I just ca n't imagine having eight at once and the responsibility that that brings . Behar : Why do you suppose this woman has provoked such negativity ? They have a "  USA Today " Gallup poll saying 70 percent of those surveyed are unsympathetic to this woman . What is going on ? Michelle Duggar : Well , you know , I feel like probably more than anything it 's just the fact of the responsibility issues from their perspective , and I , you know , I imagine that 's probably more of the animosity that 's out there . And so -- but I do -- I just ca n't imagine , you know , her -- how she 's going to handle that many little ones under the age of 8 . That 's a lot of little ones all at once . Jim Bob Duggar : We just need to pray for her . Behar : But you guys have n't experienced that kind of hostility for the children you have . Is that because you 're married ? Michelle Duggar : I do n't know . I think maybe , you know , being that God 's given ours one or two at a time and we 've kind of done it the old-fashioned way , I do n't know . We love them , we 're enjoying them , and by God 's grace we 're taking care of them if he gives us one more . So I just think we 're grateful . Behar : I understand that you guys are debt free . I ca n't even imagine how you pulled that off . ... How did you do that ? Jim Bob Duggar : Well , back about 18 years ago , we saw Jim Sammons ' financial seminar on DVD , and it was life-changing . At that point , we purposed to try to get out of debt and try to stay out of debt . And our family motto is to buy used and save the difference . We shop a lot at garage sales , thrift stores . Michelle Duggar : Auctions . We bought our industrial kitchen equipment that way , our vehicles that way , and so we really cut corners and we live very frugally . Jim Bob Duggar : That 's right , we 've never bought a new vehicle . So we do live -- we try to -- we know how to stretch a dollar . Behar : How many cars do you have ? Jim Bob Duggar : We actually have probably about , what ? Seven or eight right now ? Michelle Duggar : We have a lot of drivers , which is great . Behar : Seven or eight cars , well , that 's an expensive proposition , is n't it ? Do you get public assistance of any kind ? Jim Bob Duggar : No , we do n't -- we 've never had any public assistance . Just like our 21-passenger bus , we bought at a sealed-bid auction for $ 2,100 , we bought an '04 Suburban at an auction for like $ 7,000 . Instead of $ 40,000 on a vehicle we ... Behar : Yeah , I got it . I see what you 're doing . But you have a book deal and a TV show . That 's got to help . Do you think the octomom could get a TV show like you have ? That might help her a lot . Michelle Duggar : I could not imagine having that many little ones and being busy with a show . I think for our situation , our children are a lot older and our heart is really to just share with other families , encourage them that children are a gift and enjoy them while you have them because they grow up really fast . And so ... Behar : Well , you keep having more . But you have plenty to still enjoy . They keep coming . I do n't see that you 're ever going to have an empty nest syndrome . They 're going to be there . Michelle Duggar : I hope not . Behar : You guys will never be alone . Michelle Duggar : We look forward to grandbabies , then . That 'll be fun . Behar : You know , let me ask you one more question about her . If she did get involved in doing a reality show like you guys are doing , do you have any advice for her ? What kind of show should she have ? Maybe she needs a baseball team or something . What advice could you give her ? Michelle Duggar : I do n't -- I really -- I do n't know . Jim Bob Duggar : Yeah , I think it 's a full-time job just taking care of the children while they 're young . Maybe 10 years from now when the kids are 10 years old , that might be an option . But when they 're all small , I think there 's a lot of needs . And so , I think , she 'll have her hands full . As I know when we had seven that were 7 and under , it was a very busy time . Behar : Are you going to have some more , Michelle ? Jim Bob Duggar : I 've always left it up to Michelle . Michelle Duggar : We 'll see . We 'll take it one at a time . I would love more , but we 'll see if the Lord sees fit and blesses us with another one . Behar : Do you ever say to Jim Bob , get away from me , I have a headache ? Jim Bob Duggar : Actually , I ca n't keep her away from me . Behar : Oh , boy . You guys are funny . OK , thanks so much for sharing your time with us yet again . Good luck to you both . Michelle Duggar : Thank you . Jim Bob Duggar : Thank you , Joy .	Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar have 18 children , are subject of reality show The Duggars have managed to stay debt-free by buying used and saving difference Michelle on octuplets ' mom : "  I just ca n't imagine having eight at once " Maybe when octuplets are older , mom could handle doing reality show , Jim Bob says
CNN  -- As a reward for information rose to $ 85,000 Wednesday , the president of the police union in Seattle , Washington , said no one in the city is safe while the killer of an officer is on the loose . "  The citizens are outraged , " Police Guild President Richard O'Neill said in an interview with CNN affiliate KIRO . "  This does not happen in Seattle . " Law enforcement officials are vowing to catch whoever is responsible for fatally shooting Officer Timothy Brenton and injuring a student officer as they sat in a parked patrol car . Brenton , 39 , a field training officer , was reviewing details of a traffic stop with student officer Brit Sweeney Saturday night when a vehicle rolled up next to the squad car shortly after 10 p.m. , authorities said People inside the vehicle fired several shots into the squad car , killing Brenton and wounding Sweeney , according to police . According to transcripts released Tuesday , Sweeney called in reporting "  shots fired . " She sobbed , then a few seconds later said , "  My partner is dead . " A shot grazed Sweeney , tearing through her uniform and protective vest , Police Chief John Diaz said at a news conference Sunday . She fired at the attackers ' vehicle , but police did n't know whether any of her bullets struck it , Assistant Chief Jim Pugel said . Pugel called the attack an "  assassination , " but said there had not been a threat made against Brenton . The attackers ' car was a white , light blue or silver subcompact or compact vehicle , Pugel said . Department spokesman Mark Jamieson said police are reviewing dashboard camera video from patrol cars that were nearby . "  We do n't have a suspect 's car -LSB- identified -RSB- . We have a general description of a car that was in the vicinity when this crime occurred , " Jamieson said . The shooting was the first intentional homicide of a city police officer since 1994 , Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels said . Nickels described the shooting as "  cold-blooded . " "  We will not rest until the assailant is brought to justice , " Nickels said at Sunday 's news conference . Crime Stoppers boosted its reward to $ 85,000 for tips leading to an arrest and conviction in the case , Deputy Chief Nick Metz said . Assistant Chief Pugel read a handwritten letter from Brenton 's Family to CNN affiliate KING : "  We know that Tim would be honored and humbled by the limitless support that has been provided at this difficult time . We sincerely thank you for the generous emotional support , thoughts , and prayers . " Brenton was married with two children , 11 and 8 , Metz said . "  The family is obviously extremely devastated , " Metz said . "  The family , obviously at the beginning , when he left for work , certainly did n't anticipate that we were going to come knocking on their door . " Metz told KING , "  For a lot of our officers , this is the first time they 've had to deal with one of their own being killed in the line of duty like this . " Brenton served on the force for nine years , police said . His father and uncle are retired Seattle police officers .	NEW : Police are reviewing dashboard video from patrol cars that were in the area Reward for information leading to arrest of Seattle officer 's killer reaches $ 85,000 Officer Timothy Brenton was killed , student officer wounded in shooting Saturday Brenton , a field training officer , was married with children ages 11 and 8
CNN  -- All of us as drivers have failed at one point or another to yield at a stop sign . Most of the time we get away with it . Sometimes we get stopped by the police . The punishment usually includes a court date and/or a fine . Sometimes , apparently , it can lead to something much worse . In Deming , New Mexico , according to a lawsuit filed in federal court , failing to yield can lead to ... an anal cavity search . The shocking allegations of David Eckert 's complaint are worth a read , though at least the defendant-prosecutor has denied many of them . The other defendants include the arresting police officers , the hospital and doctors . Irrespective of whether the allegations are ultimately proven , this lawsuit raises some larger questions : How do police get from a traffic stop to a colonoscopy ? The Fourth Amendment protects all citizens from unreasonable search and seizure by the government . It requires that the greater the intrusion upon the person , the greater must be the reason for conducting a search . Is there ever a good reason for this kind of search ? The answer is yes . The police can get access to your most intimate parts and even their interiors . The law is clear : Sometimes a search of one 's cavity is justified . Fortunately , police ca n't do this on a whim . They need what we call "  probable cause " that that part of your body contains contraband . That means a lot more than an arbitrary hunch or guess . Then , beyond that , they have to convince a judge or a magistrate of the likelihood of contraband in your rectum , and that judge has to issue a search warrant independently -- though defense attorneys would argue this is less an independent process and more a one-sided affair . The only real way around the warrant requirement is an exigency -- that is the evidence is likely to disappear during the delay in securing a warrant . A warrant for an anal cavity search must also provide specifics on the medical procedure to be used to be reasonable . But the underlying question remains : How were the police in this case able to articulate probable cause for a rectal warrant from a traffic violation ? Bad posture ? According to the complaint , one of the officers noticed Eckert 's "  posture to be erect and he kept his legs together . " It 's often said you can read a lot into the way someone carries himself . A lot of people stand different ways . Sometimes it means you have good , militarylike bearing . Other times it means you have a strong back . To police in this case , apparently , standing erect can mean something else : You may have drugs in your anal cavity . And with that interpretation , police have a starting point for their probable cause to get that warrant . To bolster their probable cause , police also allegedly justified the "  search " by citing Eckert 's reputation . A reputation Perhaps in school you had a friend who had a reputation for being cheap . That 's one kind of reputation . To police , according to the complaint , Eckert had a reputation , too -- for carrying around drugs in his rectum . To most civilians , that does n't even sound like a kind of reputation . To police , however , that reputation was allegedly further justification for an invasive warrant . It will be interesting to see in this litigation how substantiated this prior reputation was . How does a rumor like this get started ? The police in this case also used a narcotics canine to sniff Eckert 's vehicle . The canine apparently alerted police to the driver 's seat of Eckert 's truck . While courts have held that a police canine alert is sufficient probable cause for a drug search of a car , there is no question that the upholstery of a car seat should not be considered the same as the interior of someone 's body cavity . Even a canine alert of someone 's pants area should not automatically constitute probable cause for a colonoscopy warrant . The law is well-settled in this area : For a rectal search , police need a high degree of probable cause and a warrant . Persistence Once police were armed with a warrant , Eckert 's complaint alleges he was subjected to a prolonged detention , including two trips to different hospitals , two rectal searches , three enemas , two X-rays and a colonoscopy . At each stage , the complaint alleges , no drugs were found , but according to Eckert , the search continued well into the next day with increasingly invasive procedures . If anyone other than the police conducted this kind of nonconsensual physical invasion of another 's rectum , based upon a posture and a reputation , they 'd likely be civilly and criminally liable . But when the police physically invade your person , they often enjoy what 's called "  qualified immunity " from lawsuits . To be sure , the idea behind immunity for police action is sound : It would be a massive disincentive to law enforcement if it feared liability over every decision . Generally , police wo n't be liable for bad searches if they have a good argument for probable cause . Courts will consider whether a reasonably well-trained officer would have known that he failed to establish probable cause and that he never should have applied for the warrant . As a society , we accept that the police are empowered to invade our privacy in ways members of the public can not . If they have the requisite probable cause and a warrant , law enforcement has the power to invade our homes , our vehicles , and -- like it or not -- our rectums . This has led many to ask whether the very people entrusted with the power to invade our bodies physically should legally be subjected to more scrutiny rather than general immunity . Members of the public who are concerned they will be subjected to this kind of cavity search as part of a routine traffic stop can probably rest easy ; it appears from the face of the complaint that Eckert was someone who was on law enforcement radar for some time . Just being "  known to " police does n't justify a cavity search , but it assuages the average citizen that his own body is not a high-value target . But at minimum , Eckert 's ordeal may make us all think twice about rolling through that next stop sign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	New Mexico man sues , alleges traffic stop led to anal cavity search by police Danny Cevallos says police have the right to search body if they have a warrant Lawsuit says police concluded man was hiding drugs by his posture and by speculation Cevallos : Police need probable cause to get a warrant and typically have immunity from suits
CNN  -- At least 44 people , including 23 Filipino soldiers , died Wednesday in fighting between the Philippine military and Islamic militants , the country 's armed services said on Thursday . A wounded Philippine Marine receives a medal from Major Gen. Benjamin Dolorfino in Zamboanga Thursday . The fighting was sparked by military raids on Abu Sayyaf militant training camps in the villages of Silangkum and Baguindan on the southern island province of Basilan , said Steffani Cacho , public information officer for the Philippine Armed Services . Thirty to 40 militants were killed , but only 21 bodies had been recovered , the military said . Twenty-three members of the military were killed and 22 suffered injuries . The militants used the training camps to temporarily house kidnapping victims and make explosives , Cacho said , adding that high-power firearms , explosives and documents were seized in the raids . Abu Sayyaf , which has been linked to the al Qaeda terrorist network , is one of several Islamic militant groups fighting the Philippine government . The group operates largely in Basilan , according to the U.S. State Department , and wants to establish a separate state for the country 's minority Muslim population . The government has been fighting to contain the group , which is blamed for several terrorist attacks in the Philippines , including the bombing of a ferry in 2004 that left about 130 people dead . This year Abu Sayyaf has been implicated in the kidnappings of several Red Cross workers and journalists .	Thirty to 40 militants were killed , but only 21 bodies recovered , military says Clashes take place on the southern island province of Basilan , military says Abu Sayyaf has been linked to al Qaeda
OPRAH.com  -- On my 24th birthday , my boyfriend since college proposed . While it was the happiest moment in my life so far , I was not allowed to enjoy it for very long . Within minutes , phone calls , text messages , BBMs and emails began flooding in , asking when the wedding would be . Immediately , the focus was turned away from our commitment to a lifetime together and toward the overwhelming and incredibly exciting process of planning the party . When it comes to getting married , I imagine every bride finds it very easy to get caught up in the party-planning element of things . After all , this is meant to be the one day in a girl 's life when she can be a total princess -- here 's to hoping I can avoid Bridezilla status , and that there will , in fact , be more princess days left in store -- so everything must be perfect . Whether you 're planning an intimate affair for 15 , or a blowout bash for 500 of your nearest and dearest , every detail deserves your utmost attention . There are plenty of would-be party planners  mothers , grandmothers , aunts , cousins , friends , sales clerks  with tips of their own to offer to make sure your wedding goes off without a hitch . But what if there is a hitch ? Anyone who has been to a wedding knows weddings with hitches are still joyous and memorable ... even if the cake melts , the band does n't show and the groom is an hour late . After months spent deciding on a date with my groom , selecting the guest list and designing invitations , and choosing my dress , shoes , flowers and color themes , I feel I 'm finally ready to start preparing emotionally for the real journey -- what awaits us after "  I do . " Oprah.com : What happily married women know While I appreciate the generous wisdom of so many women who have gone before me as they educate me in the politics of table seating , the virtues of white versus ivory , the essentiality of at least one good Bach piece in the processional , and so on -- what I am most craving as I prepare for the impending end of my singledom is some good old-fashioned life advice . Perhaps I am impertinent . Because I have never had a problem asking difficult , embarrassing and perhaps completely inappropriate questions -- do n't mind me , blame the parents -- I 've taken to asking every woman who will lend me her ear to share her secret to a healthy and happy marriage . I 've selected my three favorite below , but I am most curious to hear from you if you have something to offer -- maybe a bit of grandmother 's advice passed down to you , or something you 've recognized in your own relationships or marriages  even failed ones !  , or something you wish someone had told you as you prepared to take that step . I 'm all ears . Secret 1 : Best marriages based on good health and bad memory This perfect kernel came from a great-aunt of mine who lives abroad . Not that it needs much explanation , but I think the concept is worth delving into . So often , people would rather be right than happy . Think about all the petty arguments -- the ridiculous ones where you get so angry over nothing and forget what even sparked the fight -- that have ruined nights together or sent you to bed angry . How many of them were worth it ? How long do you hold the grudge afterwards ? Oprah.com : When you SHOULD hold a grudge If the fight is only worth a short-lived outburst where you say things you do n't mean , it probably does n't need to happen . If it 's the kind that is long , festering and sticks with you days and weeks later , then it probably needs a much more pervasive solution than a fight that simply points out the problems . I am all about airing grievances , but it has to be solution-oriented . Holding grudges , as tempting as it is , hurts you more than anyone else by bottling up the negative energy and embittering you from the inside out . On the flipside , recalibration and reconnection can happen in an instant . Keeping each other healthy -- like taking walks together , hearing each other out , supplying physical and emotional nourishment -- brings you together to the exclusion of those things that can so easily drive people apart . Think about how much easier it is to feel less overworked and less stressed when you share a home-cooked meal , or even Chinese takeout , while sitting at a table with someone you love . Secret 2  a  -- Adjust your expectation Secret 2  b  -- Choose your attitude These two come from my mother and grandmother , respectively , and sum up their personalities in a nutshell . Both are firm believers in the idea that you can only control your own behavior . Trying to micromanage the universe -- or just other people -- is an exercise in futility and sure to irritate . When choosing your attitude , you 're deciding what your outlook on life will be . It 's easier said than done , but habitually happy people are not that way because only good things happen to them . Instead , they simply decide that no matter what happens outside their control , their attitude will be a positive one . Choosing to do the best you can with what you can control , and make the best of what you can not control , seems like good life advice all around . Oprah.com : Elizabeth Gilbert explores marriage around the world Adjusting your expectation has got to be the most overlooked trick in the book for securing a stable and happy relationship with friends and significant others . Mismatched expectations are so pervasively harmful because there 's no way to get around them : I want something from you that you are not prepared to give either because you do n't know it is what I want , or because it 's not something that 's in your nature to do . I get hurt repeatedly because , no matter how much I pout and sulk , you wo n't do what I want . It sounds childish when it 's written like that , but this is exactly what the brain goes through when you expect five phone calls a day and he only has time for one . Or when he sends you lilies instead of the expected roses . Or when he likes rationalized argument and you prefer heated spats . Oprah.com : 5 best things to do for your relationship The onus is on me to open the dialogue so that my expectations come to match yours . Moreover , I have to not try to change you  the theme here seems pretty obvious  , because I have no real control over how you will change , if at all . A much safer bet would be to adjust what I expect , and to acknowledge that you are exactly the way you are meant to be . Caveat : For those of you thinking this sounds like the "  roll over and play dead " strategy , it is not at all . Adjusting your expectations is not about sacrificing what you feel entitled to in order to feel happy and fulfilled . Instead , it is about giving up crazy and useless effort to change someone else in favor of realizing how you can create positive change by focusing on your own behavior . If you need more clarification on this point , go straight to the source . My mom 's book on precisely this topic , and many others , is called "  Us : Transforming Ourselves and the Relationships That Matter Most . " Oprah.com : Top love myths -- busted ! Secret 3 -- Never go to sleep angry I can not credit any one person with this tidbit because it seems to be the most commonly held tenet of happy couples everywhere . I do n't know if there 's a biological reason why going to sleep angry is bad -- other than it 's actually difficult to fall asleep if one is in a rage about something -- but it always seems like I wake up with renewed resentment . It is as though my subconscious solidified all the petty ways I knew I just had to be right and so-and-so was obviously in the wrong . Even if you need to set an argument aside and approach it again in the morning with a clear head , reaching some stage of resolution the night before limits the amount of baggage that comes with the fight . If it lingers over long periods , chances are you 're focusing more on getting a confession or proving someone wrong than you are on finding a solution . Oprah.com : How to know it 's real love And while you 're at it , everyone knows to pick battles , but I 've found it even more important to pick your timing . It may seem like an opportune moment to bring up a contentious subject as your partner is sinking into his or her pillow after a long day at the office , but in all likelihood , the response will not be a desired one . Cranky people are seldom rational , and sleepy people are seldom forgiving . Bear in mind that it wo n't always be sunshine and rainbows , and learning to forego the blowout fights as often as can be means less time cleaning up the mess and more time enjoying the party . Leave your marriage advice in comments below . Daphne Oz is the author of the national best-seller "  The Dorm Room Diet . " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Daphne Oz 's top tip : Best marriages based on good health and bad memory Physical and emotional nourishment : Take walks together , hear each other out Adjusting your expectations helps relationships with friends and significant others Good to pick your battles but also good to pick the timing of them
CNN  -- France 's reputation as rugby 's Jekyll and Hyde team was reaffirmed on Saturday as Marc Lievremont 's inconsistent side bounced back from two defeats to eliminate England and reach the World Cup semifinals . Les Bleus avenged their 2007 semi defeat by the English on home soil with a 19-12 victory in Auckland , setting up a last-four clash with Wales -- who went through after beating Celtic neighbors Ireland 22-10 . With the other half of the drawing pitting hosts New Zealand against Argentina , and world champions South Africa versus Australia -- both games are on Sunday -- there could potentially be a repeat of the inaugural 1987 final when the All Blacks beat France . Coach Lievremont will be replaced by Philippe Saint-Andre after the tournament , but he has the chance to help France to lift the Webb Ellis Cup for the first time . His team lost to New Zealand and Tonga in the group stage , but roared to a 16-0 halftime lead at Eden Park as wing Vincent Clerc and fullback Maxime Medard crossed for tries , while Dimitri Yachvili kicked two penalties . England , the 2003 champions , rallied with second-half tries to fullback Ben Foden and wing Mark Cueto but a drop-goal by Francois Trinh-Duc in between those scores kept France safely ahead . "  You ca n't give a good team like France 16 points of a start . We had chances in the second half but they deserved to win , " said England manager Martin Johnson , a World Cup winner as a player eight years ago . France captain Thierry Dusautoir was glad to put the nightmare of the shock Tonga defeat behind him . "  We did n't want to go out like this . We wanted to show how we can play rugby , " he said . "  I think we did it well . It was a great start for us and we are going to enjoy this victory . Now we need to keep it up and focus on the next game . " The French will take on Wales at Eden Park next Saturday after Warren Gatland 's team handed Ireland a first defeat of the tournament to reach the semifinals for the first time since 1987 . The Group D runners-up scored three tries to one in Wellington as Ireland failed to capitalize on a wealth of first-half possession and crashed out at the last-eight stage for the fifth successive time . Veteran winger Shane Williams put Wales ahead with a third-minute try that young flyhalf Rhys Priestland converted for a 10-3 lead at the break . Ronan O'Gara kicked Ireland 's only points with a 24th-minute penalty before Leigh Halfpenny replied in kind just before the half hour . Ireland leveled five minutes after the interval as O'Gara converted a try by wing Keith Earls , but Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips dotted down in the 51st minute and center Jonathan Davies made it safe on 64 . "  We spent a lot of time in that first half in their 22 and we only came up with three points in the half , " Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll said . "  It hurts a bit when you 're going in at halftime having the opportunities and knocking on the door , but not really getting any points out of the territory . "  We needed to deliver a performance similar to the one against Australia or the one against Italy last week . We did n't do that today , we knocked on way too much ball . " Gatland backed his young team to go further in the tournament . "  They have no baggage and there 's no fear factor , " Gatland said . "  We are in New Zealand and not in the bubble of Wales and listening to any of the negativity that is sometimes generated back home . "  We 've worked so hard in the last three , four months . We are n't ready to go home yet . "	France end England 's World Cup hopes with 19-12 win in quarterfinals Les Bleus avenged 2007 semifinal loss to England on home soil Victory sets up semifinal clash with Wales , who defeat Ireland 22-10 Group C winners suffered first defeat of the tournament in New Zealand
This Old House  -- A tide of foreclosed properties has been sweeping into the beleaguered housing market , bringing down property values , dislocating families , and sending municipal governments scrambling to manage the crisis . But some buyers see a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in the gloomy headlines ; they are buying up foreclosed properties at ultra-low prices . Real estate agent John Lynch of Keller Williams Greater Cleveland West says he has interested buyers calling from all over the country , and as far away as Israel . Some are buying in bulk . "  One investor I am working with right now wants to buy 200 houses all under 10K . " Would-be homeowners are not excluded from the bonanza . Despite economic fears and the struggling housing market , Tonya Perkins-Stoudermire of McMullan Realty in Cleveland says this may be an ideal time to think about the dream of first-time home ownership . She tells the story of a friend who waded into the foreclosure market and came out ahead . "  My girlfriend bought a house last summer . It has two baths , a two-car garage , and two fireplaces . She loves it . Her house is $ 350 a month , with taxes and insurance . She 's in her late 40 's and had been a renter all these years . " Those are the high notes , but these agents tell other stories , too . There 's the one about a far-away buyer who learned he owned a bunch of vacant lots , instead of houses . "  It 's not for the faint of heart , " says Lynch . Lynch has seen the same house at foreclosure auctions more than once . "  That hurts us all , " says Lynch . A check-in with real estate professionals , home inspectors , and federal housing officials offers these words to the wise on buying a foreclosed property .  Budget carefully . Agent Tonya Perkins-Stoudermire says do n't let a small price tag lure you into a quick deal . Be sure to ask yourself a number of questions : Do you have the money for the extensive repairs these houses often need ? "  Do you have a crew . If you plan to rehab and then rent , can you afford the house if you do n't find a tenant ? If you do your homework , there 's little risk , " says Perkins-Stoudermire .  See the house for yourself . "  You ca n't buy them sight unseen , " says Bill Richardson , president of the American Society of Home Inspectors  ASHI  . "  If you 're an investor from Chicago and you 're buying in Tucson , you 'll need someone to evaluate the house in person . " This Old House : What to expect from a home inspection  Look at the neighborhood . Your homework should include evaluating the neighborhood . You may not be able to recoup the cost of the repairs if the value of the house is depressed by widespread foreclosures or high crime in the area . Tonya Perkins-Stoudermire says she also encourages buyers to study the neighborhood 's appeal at all hours , including at night . This Old House : How to identify a promising neighborhood  How long has the house been empty ? The longer the vacancy the more damage there is , in most cases . Bill Richardson , of ASHI , says if a house has n't been "  moth-balled " carefully , a long list of ailments set in . "  The plumbing seals dry out , sewer gases back up , and bugs that are in the sewer get a chance to get into the house . That 's true for the sinks , toilets , and washer drains , " says Richardson .  Was it winterized ? Do n't turn on the utilities until you know the condition of the pipes . If the pipes cracked during a cold spell , water will leak into the walls , and mold could take hold when you turn the water back on . This Old House : Dealing with mold  Look at the landscaping . ASHI 's Bill Richardson warns , "  If the house has been neglected , untrimmed trees , vines and bushes contribute to the deterioration of the house . " Vines crawl into the windows , and tree seedlings send roots down into the foundation . "  It does n't take very big trees to mess up pavers , and dead branches crash into the house , " says Richardson .  Contract for a private inspection . Banks generally require a home inspection when lending money for a mortgage . But even if you 're paying completely out of pocket for an ultra-cheap find , all the pros say it 's crucial to get an up-to-date inspection . Richardson says previous inspections "  are only a snapshot in time , " and conditions change dramatically . "  There 's no caretaker on these properties . I 've looked at quite a few , " says Richardson . "  We 've seen vandalism . We 've seen previous owners steal cabinets and fixtures . Copper piping has been stolen . " In some cases an inspection will prevent further damage . For example , if inspectors determine the pipes are cracked , repairs can be done in advance . Richardson said inspectors charge $ 300 to $ 500 .  Consider a HUD house . The Department of Housing and Urban Development is currently holding approximately 39,000 houses whose previous owners held mortgages insured by the federal government . HUD houses go to market about six months after foreclosure . Local governments get the first option to buy . After that , buyers who pledge to live in the house have the first opportunity to offer a bid . If the house is still on the market after a period of about 10 days , the listing is opened to investors . Owner occupants end up with about half of HUD 's properties , according to HUD officials . A fraction of the total foreclosure market , HUD 's inventory is concentrated in Georgia , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio , and other states where the mortgage crisis has been especially severe . But if one of these houses suits your fancy , HUD spokesman LeMar Wooley says the feds offer a few advantages . "  You will know the fair price of the property " because HUD updates its appraisals regularly . It offers a "  property condition report " too , though that report is not updated . Wooley is thus among the chorus of experts urging buyers to pay for their own home inspection before closing the deal . If HUD appreciates the value of a good inspector , inspectors likewise say HUD houses are better protected . "  The feds often take the steps to winterize the houses . They put anti-freeze in the traps , and drain the pipes . When HUD 's involved it 's a little bit better , " says ASHI president Bill Richardson .  Do n't expect to profit from a quick sale . Investors who buy intending to do as little as possible to a house , hoping to resell for a profit when the market turns around , may find little profit and a lot of headache . Some cities are cracking down on neglectful property owners , charging penalties that increase over time , and unmaintained homes lose value quickly . But real estate pros and housing officials report that , overall , investors are a welcome and all-too-scarce resource , and most are fixing up the houses they buy for rent or resell . What 's more , investors and new owner-occupants might get the satisfaction of helping to turn a hard-hit neighborhood around . Get 2 Free Trial Issues COPYRIGHT  2009 THIS OLD HOUSE VENTURES , INC. .	Consumers looking to get a bargain on a foreclosed home need to be careful Buyers should inspect the house and the neighborhood before buying Budget carefully for unexpected repairs HUD homes are carefully priced and include property condition report
CNN  What is it about winning streaks and racing drivers called Seb ? First there was France 's Sbastien Loeb with nine consecutive World Rally Championship titles between 2004 and 2012 . Then came Germany 's Sebastian Vettel who dominated Formula One for four straight seasons ending in 2013 . Today , it 's the turn of another Frenchman , Sbastien Ogier to leave the opposition trailing in his wake . The 31-year-old Volkswagen driver has dominated rallying over the past two seasons winning back-to-back world titles alongside co-driver and compatriot Julien Ingrassia . Ogier may have an unimpeded view at the front of the field now , but the road ahead has n't always been so clear . "  Of course it was not a straight or easy way to the top , " Ogier told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It 's never like that in any sport for any professional or any champion , I guess . I had to fight hard to  overcome  some difficult times but I have to say that the progression was very quick . " Hurtling through narrow forest roads , up and down mountain passes and skidding around dirt tracks at speeds routinely approaching 200 kph  125 mph  is where he 's happiest . But like his compatriot Loeb , Ogier was a late bloomer in the sport , only starting his career at the age of 22 . "  I really love rally because of the diversity of the sport . We are racing all over the world on lots of different surfaces -- we are driving on gravel , on tarmac , on snow . We always have to adapt and face very different situations . "  You need to have a lot of skills of adaptation because we are always facing the unknown -- we are never quite sure what 's going to happen around the next corner . " Born in Gap , a small village in the foothills of the French Alps , Ogier developed a love of rallying at an early age watching competitors in the Monte Carlo Rally speed up and down the mountains near his home every January . "  My childhood dream was to become a racing driver for sure , but it was really looking like an unreachable dream for me  because  I was coming from a very modest area . "  My parents did their best ... but motorsport was obviously impossible to  break into  because it was too expensive , " he says . His father gave him a rally kart when he was eight years old , but with no family money or sponsorship to fuel his ambitions further , Ogier got on with other things training to become a car mechanic , qualifying as ski instructor and gaining a reputation as a handy boules player too . There were forays into racing arenas , but only as a volunteer fire marshal at the Monaco Grand Prix -- a cheaper way to get a ringside seat , he says . His life would change though in 2005 when he won the Rallye Jeunes , an annual talent-spotting contest run by the French Motorsport Federation  FFSA  . With the FFSA 's financial backing , Ogier grabbed the opportunity with both hands , winning the Peugeot 206 Cup  a competition for aspiring rally drivers  in 2007 -- the first of many triumphs alongside co-driver Ingrassia . The pair won the Junior World Rally Championship the following year before stepping up to the World Rally Championship  WRC  proper in 2009 , joining Citroen -- the home of Loeb , who had just won his fifth straight world title for the French team . Unfazed , Ogier was soon nipping at the heels of his illustrious teammate and a first podium finish in the second race of 2010  in Mexico  was followed by a maiden WRC win in Portugal later that year . "  It was for sure a great moment . I always mention every step which brought me to the top , where it was very important to my career  but  obviously the first victory is a special moment that you remember forever . " Ogier secured third place overall in 2011 , but the season was soured by a clash of egos with Loeb and the pair 's increasingly fractious relationship came to a head in a row over team orders at the Acropolis Rally in Greece . The spat ultimately saw Ogier jump ship to Volkswagen helping the German manufacturer develop its Polo R WRC car during 2012 before returning to racing with a bang in 2013 . He won nine of the 13 races , clinching his maiden world title on home soil in Strasbourg before winning a further eight races on his way to world title number two in 2014 . Victory in last year 's WRC was particularly satisfying after a horrific high-speed crash in Germany had threatened to derail the defense of his crown . He and Ingrassia walked away unscathed after plowing through a safety barrier -- Ogier later blamed himself for the error citing a lack of focus brought about by concerns over proposed rule changes to the sport . "  That big crash I took like a wake-up call that I had really to react because I put myself in danger , Julien as well . We really had a big accident and that was really the time to react and do something , " Ogier told RedBull.com at the end of last year . It was testament to his mental resolve that he bounced back so quickly , winning three of the four remaining rallies clinching the title in the final race at the GB Rally in Wales . "  Second place is a first loser , " he replies when asked what his motto for life might be . "  I 'm not the first one to say it but I 've always been a fighter , a competitor whatever I was doing in life .  I do n't react  the best way when I lose , so when you are like that you have to fight to become the first one . " Ogier has begun 2015 where he left off last year , driving to victories at the opening two races in Monte Carlo and Sweden . The sequence extends his winning streak of rallies to four and few will be betting against the flying Frenchman making it five in a row at the next rally in Mexico in March . His rivals may hope that his recent marriage to German TV presenter Andrea Kaiser may soften his desire to win , but with most rally drivers peaking in their 30s , Ogier is perhaps just beginning a run of success that could rival Loeb 's historic sequence of titles . But as he 's learned from driving a car at breakneck speed , it pays to concentrate on the stretch of road immediately up ahead . "  I do n't have such a long plan in front of me -- I just take the year , one after each other . "  For sure , I want to race a few more years but to be honest I really do n't know , I always think about the future dreaming about family , children , being a normal person again . "	Sbastien Ogier is the reigning world rally champion The Frenchman won back-to-back world titles in 2013 and 2014 The 31-year-old started his rallying career when he was 22 years old "  I 've always been a fighter , a competitor whatever I was doing in life , " he says
Whatever the six-woman jury mulling the fate of George Zimmerman decides , the former neighborhood watch volunteer charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin can not emerge as a winner , according to his defense attorney . Asked Wednesday what kind of life Zimmerman would lead if he were acquitted , Mark O'Mara told CNN 's Martin Savidge "  not a good one . " "  He has to live mostly in hiding , he has to protect himself from that periphery that still believe that he 's some racist murderer or acted in a bad way , " O'Mara said . "  I think that he 's probably concerned about living in central Florida and never having a normal life , and that 's unfortunate . His life will never be the same . " Did investigators blow the Zimmerman case ? O'Mara said he had received dozens of e-mails from people "  who are vicious in their hatred for George Zimmerman -- and for me . It 's absurd , but they 're there . So , I do n't know which is the one who 's going to walk down the street at the same time George does . They know what he looks like ; he does n't know what they look like . " But O'Mara offered no regrets about having taken on the high-profile , racially charged case in April 2012 , two months after the black 17-year-old was shot dead in a Sanford , Florida , neighborhood while returning home one February night wearing a hoodie sweatshirt and carrying nothing more threatening than a bag of Skittles and a canned soft drink . "  It just seemed like it was perfect for me , " the lawyer said . "  And you overlay that with the social questions about the case , the racism questions , the way this case is being viewed , even the stand-your-ground law itself , it just met on literally all eight cylinders . " Florida 's stand-your-ground law , which allows the use of deadly force by someone facing a reasonable belief of an illegal threat , has also come under scrutiny in the case . What about Martin 's right to ` stand his ground ' ? The defense lawyer said he typically does not even ask his clients -- most of whom "  have done something wrong " -- whether they are innocent of whatever charge or charges they face . "  It 's too personal , in a strange way , " he said . But that was not the case with Zimmerman . "  Once I learned that George was significantly injured that night , and that he voluntarily complied with all law enforcement requests -- from interviews to voice stress analysis tests to walkthroughs -- I knew that there was something here different than most cases . " He said he regretted that the case has divided the country along racial lines , which would not be erased by the verdict . "  Half of the country is going to be upset with the verdict . It 's absurd , " he said . "  And it 's absurd that 75 % of the people who were asked about whether or not George Zimmerman could get a fair trial a month before the trial started said no . That should never happen in our country . There should n't be 1 % of our population who believes that anybody can not get a fair trial . " Top 10 moments in the Zimmerman trial Zimmerman 's father has accused the counsel of not stating forcefully enough that his son was innocent , but the lawyer defended his actions . "  While I could have gone up to the top of the stairs and screamed his innocence at the top of my lungs , I would have only incensed those very people who I really wanted to do some reaching out to , " he said . He credited that tack with having lowered the intensity of the public anger that boiled over in the initial stages of the case . "  There are not a lot of people screaming at the top of their lungs any more that George is a racist , and they 're not even saying that he 's a murderer , " he said . "  I think people get that he 's a non-racist . " O'Mara cited his client 's work as a mentor to black children and his having taken a black girl to his prom as evidence of his nonracist beliefs . "  You did n't have to scratch very far below the surface to realize that George Zimmerman is an anti-racist , " he said . Zimmerman trial : It 's about race O'Mara said he has funded some of the defense work out of his own pocket . "  People still need to be paid , " he said , "  depositions need to be taken . " While he welcomed donations from the public , most of them in $ 10 to $ 100 amounts , he said he has rejected "  a dozen or thereabouts " donations that came with messages expressing racist points of view . This trial would never have happened -- and Zimmerman would never be the subject of death threats , even if he 's acquitted -- if it were n't for the efforts of lawyers for Martin 's family , led by Benjamin Crump , contends O'Mara . "  They victimized him , " the defense lawyer said . "  George Zimmerman was victimized by a publicity campaign to smear him , to call him a racist when he was n't , and to call him a murderer when he was n't . " When confronted with these comments Friday night , Crump countered by saying that Zimmerman 's team "  seemed to forget that Trayvon Martin was dead ,  an  unarmed kid on the ground who his client profiled , followed , pursued and shot in the heart . " "  They had ... a confessed killer , and they were n't going to arrest him , " Crump told CNN 's Piers Morgan , adding that he felt compelled to help Martin 's parents press the case . "  There 's something wrong with that . " On the other side , O'Mara said politics appeared to have affected the way the case was handled by the prosecution . He noted that a special prosecutor was brought in "  when there does n't seem to be any reason why , " and that "  most good analysts " believed the charges filed were "  an abomination . " But he had praise for Judge Debra Nelson , who has overseen the case . "  Even though the rulings did not go our way like I would like them to , she was always well-prepared . She does her case law research , she does her homework , " he said . "  You mention a case , she knows the case . Those are the signs of a very good judge . " He predicted that justice would ultimately prevail in the form of an acquittal for Zimmerman but acknowledged that the jury deliberation would be a difficult time for him . "  I ca n't eat , I ca n't work , I just have to wait , it is the worst thing , " he said . "  It 's sort of like waiting for a child to be born or something . ... I do n't think there 's anything else you can do . " How long did the juries of other major trials deliberate ?	Mark O'Mara says lawyers for Martin 's family wrongly "  victimized " his client One of those lawyers it was "  wrong " Zimmerman was n't arrested at first FIRST ON CNN : Zimmerman 's life if acquitted ? "  Not a good one , " defense lawyer says The defendant has been living "  mostly in hiding , " adds Mark O'Mara
The state you live in may affect your state of mind , according to new report that shows that rates of stress , depression , and emotional problems vary by geographic region . Where you live may affect your state of mind , according to a new mental health report . That 's good news if you live in Hawaii , where only 6.6 percent of people report frequent mental distress . Not-so-good news for those in Kentucky : In the Bluegrass State , 14.4 percent of people said they frequently experienced mental distress -- the highest prevalence in the country . Frequent mental distress is defined as having 14 or more mentally unhealthy days during the previous 30-day period . The researchers were surprised that the study , which will be published in the June 2009 issue of the American Journal of Preventive Medicine , showed such a broad range in mental distress depending on geographic location . "  The occurrence of frequent mental distress in adults differs much more than expected among the residents of U.S. states and counties , " said lead researcher Dr. Matthew M. Zack , of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia . People who have frequent mental distress may have treatable and preventable mental illnesses or problems , and social programs or interventions may help , Zack said . Health.com : How stress may affect psoriasis In the study , the researchers looked at rates of mental distress by state among 2.4 million adults across two time periods -- 1993 through 2001 and 2003 through 2006 -- as part of the ongoing Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System study . Overall , the prevalence for frequent mental distress across both time periods was 9.4 percent , with the lowest rate in Hawaii and the highest rate in Kentucky . Why the difference ? It may be because residents in some areas of the country are more likely than others to have health conditions such as disability or diabetes , untreated mental conditions like anxiety or depression , high unemployment rates , risky behaviors including cigarette smoking and alcohol abuse , and/or social circumstances such as lower incomes . Health.com : Manic spending puts bipolar patients at risk for financial woes An area centered on Kentucky showed high levels of frequent mental distress that remained elevated over time , while in other parts of the country  such as the upper Midwest  low levels of frequent mental distress remained low over time , the study showed . Health.com : Secrets to a stress-free home Overall , though , frequent mental distress seems to be on the rise . The rate of frequent mental distress increased by at least 1 percentage point in 27 states , and by more than 4 percentage points in Mississippi , Oklahoma , and West Virginia from the first time period to the second time period . "  In some areas , normal or low frequent-mental-distress levels increased over time , implying the introduction of influences that increased levels of frequent mental distress , " Zack said . Health.com : Stress-reduction therapy may hike breast cancer survival rates The new state-by-state breakdown of rates of mental distress should have ramifications as the Obama Administration takes on health care reform , said Chuck Holzer , a professor of psychiatry and behavioral science at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston . "  From a public health standpoint , it 's great to be aware of places with high rates of frequent mental distress so we can help make sure that access to care is increasing in those areas , " he said . Many of the states with high rates of frequent mental distress are struggling economically , as are their residents . As a result , they may not be able to afford health insurance that includes mental health services . "  The big message is that you need to monitor the health and mental health of the country because it will lead to greater equity in mental health services , " Holzer said . And Zack said , "  Community mental health agencies , social service agencies , and public health agencies in counties where frequent mental distress is increased should recognize that such increases may indicate unmet health and social service needs . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Mental distress differs among residents of U.S. states and counties Hawaii : 6.6 percent of people report frequent mental distress ; Kentucky : 14.4 percent Residents in some areas are more likely to have health conditions or disabilities
CNN  -- President Barack Obama must do well in the debate Monday or he risks losing the national security advantage that Democrats have struggled so hard to regain . Obama was able to ward off Mitt Romney 's attacks about Libya in the second debate , when Romney tripped up on one word , "  terror , " which contradicted the public record . But tonight , the Republican will have 90 minutes to take on the president 's national security program in more systematic fashion . With last week 's capture of a terrorist who was planning to bomb the New York Federal Reserve and a brutal bombing of civilians in Syria , national security issues are heating up . Democrats stand a lot to lose . For several decades , the public trusted Republicans on the issue of national security . Since Vietnam , Republicans hammered away at Democrats as being weak on defense and unwilling to do what was necessary to protect the nation . In 2004 , President George W. Bush eviscerated his opponent , Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry , with this argument . Though Kerry began the Democratic Convention by highlighting his credentials as a Vietnam veteran , the Republicans developed an entire campaign around the question of whether Democrats could be trusted to prosecute the war on terrorism . For all of Obama 's struggles with the economy , Democrats have made huge strides in the past six years . The reversal of partisan fortunes began toward the end of George W. Bush 's presidency , when the White House was struggling to avoid total chaos in Iraq , a war that was highly unpopular . Democrats took control of Congress in the 2006 elections , partially in response to Bush 's decision to go to war in Iraq and his handling of it . In the 2008 presidential election , Obama made Bush 's war a centerpiece of his campaign . He promised to bring the war to an end and to reverse those components of the war on terrorism that had violated civil liberties . The strategy was successful . As president , Obama continued to neutralize many of his critics . He left intact most of Bush 's counterterrorism program , in some cases intensifying operations such as drone airstrikes against al Qaeda , and he made it difficult for conservatives to say that he was not doing enough . After Osama bin Laden was killed by special operations forces , even Republicans had to praise the courageous operation . Obama accelerated the war in Afghanistan and brought the controversial war in Iraq to a close . While many on the left have been frustrated that Obama retained so much of the status quo , politically the president positioned himself as the person who was tougher on defense . During the Democratic Convention , he railed against Romney for having failed to salute the troops in his acceptance speech and for a series of embarrassing gaffes that took place when Romney traveled overseas this summer . In September , Pew found that 53 % of those surveyed trusted Obama to make wise decisions on foreign policy , compared with 38 % for Romney . But in recent weeks , the advantage seems to be eroding . The outbreak of violence in the Middle East and the White House 's contradictory statements about a deadly al Qaeda attack at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , have opened up space for Republicans to go after the administration on this front . Vice President Joe Biden 's statements during his debate against Paul Ryan that neither he nor the president knew about security threats , along with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton taking responsibility , certainly did not help . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told Fox News , "  I think it 's very laudable that she should throw herself under the bus . But first of all , responsibility for American security does n't lie with the secretary of state . It lies with the president of the United States . It 's either willful deception or a degree of incompetence and failure to understand fundamental facts on the ground . ... Either one of those is obviously totally unacceptable . " Obama has tried to push back against all of this criticism , including his statement in the second debate that he himself has ultimate responsibility , but the Republicans ' singular attacks have continued nonetheless . Administration officials must be careful if they think there is no risk . Aside from 2008 , there are many years in which parties lost their advantage on national security . In 1952 , Democrats still thought of themselves as the party that had won World War II and set up America 's Cold War strategy against the Soviet Union . Republicans hit back when Adlai Stevenson faced off against Dwight Eisenhower , a World War II military hero . Republicans attacked Democrats for being weak on fighting communism , for a military stalemate in Korea and for having allowed China to fall to communism in 1949 . Eisenhower won the presidency , and Republicans took control of Congress . Just a few years later , Republicans saw their advantage slip away . Though Eisenhower was an immensely popular president and one who , as Evan Thomas shows in his masterful new book "  Ike 's Bluff , " demonstrated immense skills at diplomacy , John F. Kennedy ran as more of a hawk than Eisenhower 's vice president , Richard Nixon , did in 1960 . He built on arguments that Democrats had made in the 1950s , that Republicans were so focused on balancing the budget they were not spending enough on defense to win the presidency . "  Our security , " he said , "  has declined more rapidly than over any comparable period in our history -- in terms of defensive strength and retaliatory power , in terms of our alliances , in terms of our scientific effort and reputation . " Republicans struggled again in 1992 when President George H.W. Bush watched as his advantage , which had apparently been cemented with the successful Operation Desert Storm in 1990-1991 that resulted in the expulsion of Iraqi forces from Kuwait , slip away . While Bush did not devote enough attention to the economy , it was also Saddam Hussein 's continued military attacks on his opponents in U.N. cease-fire zones that seemed to demonstrate Bush 's victory had been incomplete . "  It 's like any other bully , " presidential candidate Bill Clinton said then , "  you send 'em mixed messages , they 'll take advantage of you every time . " The politics of national security is tricky , and uncontrollable events can easily push politics in a different direction . Obama will have to answer some of the tough questions that have emerged , and this time Romney is going to be prepared to handle them more effectively and to show that his overall agenda still offers the U.S. the best path forward . Monday 's debate can have a big impact , not just on the outcome in November , but on how the public thinks about whom they should trust when it comes to national security . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Monday 's presidential debate may be crucial , says Julian Zelizer Democrats ' national security advantage hangs in the balance , he says Only in recent weeks has their advantage seemed to be eroding , Zelizer says Zelizer : National security is often the deciding factor in presidential elections
CNN  Each week , Passion to Portfolio brings you inspiring profiles of people who dared to chase their dreams and turn their passions and hobbies into successful careers . Now we want to hear from you -- who do you think should be featured on our program ? Is there someone you know of who took the plunge and made a career change that he or she pined for ? The person you nominate could be featured on Passion to Portfolio . They do n't need to be famous -- they can be a friend , relative or neighbor , as long as they successfully changed professions to pursue something they were passionate about . To see a few of the interesting people we featured before , have a look through the gallery above . So let us know who you would like to see on Passion to Portfolio next and why , by leaving a comment , below , with their website or social media details .	We want to know who you want to see featured on Passion to Portfolio It can be anyone who successfully turned their passion or hobby into a career Let us know by leaving a comment below the story
DEPARTURES  -- A hotel suite ought to leave an impression -- these eight most certainly do . DEPARTURES : 10 stunning hotel penthouses No matter the destination , and no matter the reason for being there , the allure of a hotel suite knows no bounds . A suite is a hotel 's first-class seat , often the most desired room and the epitome of hospitality done right . Be it palatial or cozy , high-design or low-key , it offers a place to eat , sleep , dress , entertain , observe or just plain lounge . The overall effect can be irresistible . DEPARTURES : Top fashion designer hotels and suites Many hotels have taken their suite offerings to  literally  new heights . London 's Corinthia Hotel , for instance , houses the 5,000-square-foot Royal Penthouse , which contains its own spa-treatment pod and a striking spiral staircase  among other luxe touches  and is the largest two-bedroom hotel residence in that city . The chic Arts Suite at the design-driven Hotel Arts Barcelona offers guests special extras , such as helicopter transport to lunch at one of Spain 's Michelin-starred restaurants , or electric Smart cars to drive around town . DEPARTURES : The perfet New York hotel rooms | World 's most outrageous hotel perks While size is often a major selling point , it is n't the only measure of success . Taking cues from the outside environment can turn an already spectacular setting into something extraordinary . The Girijaala Suite at Amangiri in Canyon Point , Utah , takes full advantage of its superb desert locale , incorporating natural elements into its design and maximizing views of the Entrada Sandstone mesas . And in Marrakech , the Atlas Deluxe Suite at Selman is perched on 15 acres of parkland and offers unprecedented views of the Atlas Mountains , as well as the hotel 's 16 Arabian horses . DEPARTURES : Stunning hotel dining room views Award-winning actress Vivien Leigh once said , "  I need something truly beautiful to look at in hotel rooms . " These suites have beautiful views of all kinds covered , but they also create an experience that conforms to every need , making for a truly unforgettable stay . DEPARTURES : Spectacular hotel rooftop pools See more of the world 's best hotel suites at Departures.com .  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	A hotel 's suite is often its most desired room and the epitome of hospitality London 's Corinthia Hotel 's penthouse is the largest two-bedroom hotel residence in the city Hotel suite views are luxe : Everything from desert beauty to Arabian horses enhance the rooms
CNN  Demand for South African food is booming in an unlikely place : the United Arab Emirates . Sizzling in the kitchen at the Abu Dhabi-based restaurant "  The Meat Company , " there 's only one specialty -- and the key is in the name . T-bones or Rib-Eye , flame grilled or triple-basted , this is not a venue for vegetarians . But the meaty menu is proving popular ; in the past year 350,000 customers dined at the restaurant . "  It 's a very exciting region to be in and to showcase your brands , " says South African owner Johnny Tomazos . "  There 's a lot of developments going on , there 's a lot of growth for companies such as ours to grow in the food sector in the Middle East , " he continues . "  Tourism is growing , more people are coming to live in the region ; all that combined with the economic driver allows for a great market for us . " Meaty business Ten years after his family founded the enterprise , Tomazos today owns 15 restaurants -- mostly in the Gulf . In fact , the company has moved its headquarters from South Africa to Dubai , and has built a presence not only in the UAE but also Bahrain and Kuwait . Yet , Tomazos is not the only South African cashing in on tax-free income and a growing population of young customers increasingly hungry for Western-style fast food . Popular South African burger chain Steers is also setting up shop in the region , offering burgers on the manmade Yas Island -- a popular location for tourists and thrill-seekers . General manager Mark Oliver is confident the company 's first venture in the Middle East will take off with the big local South African community . " -LSB- There are -RSB- over 100,000 South Africans living in the UAE , over 100,000 brand ambassadors living in the UAE , " he says . " "  It 's a natural fit to bring a brand ... such as Steers to the Middle East . " Gulf of opportunity In fact , there are roughly 200 South African companies operating in the UAE -- a country where expatriates account for over 80 % of the work force . Bilateral trade between South Africa and the UAE tops $ 3 billion a year according to the South African embassy in Abu Dhabi . In 2012 South African gross domestic product grew at 2 % whereas growth rates in the UAE were double that , according to the World Bank . And the UAE ranks 22nd out of 189 countries for the overall "  Ease of Doing Business . " South Africa is 43rd on that list . It 's data like this that has other industries , from diamond jewelers to builders , looking to the Gulf to grow their profits . "  Our relationship with the UAE is growing , " says Mpetjane Kgaogelo Lekgoro , the South African ambassador to the country . "  With trade growth of an average of 22 % year to year from 2009 , and actually , in 2013 to 2014 , we recorded an increase of 37 % . " And it 's not just South African businesses operating from the region . Ugandan entrepreneur Ashish Thakkar has built his Mara Group empire in Dubai . From the Gulf HQ , his business operates in 18 African countries in various industries -- from financial services and real estate to communication , manufacturing and agriculture . Risks to success Whilst the Gulf promises exciting business returns , South Africans bringing a business abroad also have to contend with challenges -- especially when there 's meat involved . Following an outbreak of foot and mouth disease  FMD  in South Africa in 2011 , international authorities banned red meat exports . Experts have said the global annual cost of FMD could be as high as $ 21 billion , and one South African businessman who felt the effects was Dave Jackson -- in 2009 , the businessman bought an Abu Dhabi-based butchery to sell dried meat called Biltong to the South African expat community . Following the export ban , Jackson had to find a new source of meat , and his customers were not happy . While South Africa only produced around 2.7 million tonnes of meat in 2012 -- and Africa as a whole only accounted for 5 % of global meat production -- expats told Jackson they wanted that taste from home . "  Suppliers -LSB- from -RSB- around the world -- Australia , New Zealand , America , Brazil -- -LSB- provide -RSB- quality products , " Jackson says . "  But still , when people come here , they say ` where 's the South African meats ? ' " But this lack of supply could be set to change soon , following a ruling in February that South Africa was FMD-free , paving the way for exports to the UAE to start again . Innovation is key While South African meats could boost customer satisfaction in restaurants and food businesses , Tomazos says the key to success in the UAE is adapting . "  In this competitive environment , if you 're constantly not innovating and not looking at the customer needs , then you do n't stand yourself in good stride , " he says . For Tomazos , any future expansion of his trademark steaks wo n't be at home , but here in the Gulf . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : The human cost of piracy Read this : Fish farm links Lesotho with Japanese chefs	South African food businesses are seeing new growth in United Arab Emirates Bilateral trade between S.A. and UAE tops $ 3 billion a year The South African expat community in UAE is estimated at 100,000 people Africa as a whole accounted for 5 % of global meat production in 2012
CNN  -- A Boeing 787 Dreamliner operated by Japan Airlines  JAL  was forced to land prematurely in Hawaii , after pilots shut down one of its engines . Flight JL002 with 171 people on board was en route from Tokyo to San Francisco when an oil pressure warning was received , forcing the pilots to terminate the flight eight hours in . "  At the approach to Honolulu the oil pressure was getting low , so the engine was shutdown , " a JAL spokesperson told CNN . "  When one engine of an aircraft with twin engines is stopped , the airline must declare an emergency so the flight can have priority to be guided by air traffic control and apply for landing . "  There was no injured passenger or crew . "  It was not battery trouble ; the cause is being investigated . " Hairline cracks discovered The diversion came just days after Boeing 's announcement that hairline cracks had been found in the wings of 40 in-production planes . While teething problems are common with most new models of aircraft -- the Dreamliner fleet was famously grounded in January 2013 after numerous problems with its battery -- Boeing admits that reliability is a work in progress . "  The Dreamliner has a dispatch reliability rate of 98 % , " Rob Henderson , Boeing 's communications director Japan told CNN . "  But we 're improving that all the time , to get it up to where the 777 and 737 are -- above 99 % . " Dispatch reliability is the percentage of planes that leave within 15 minutes of the scheduled takeoff time , assuming no technical reasons for delay . The Dreamliner has a dedicated "  Operations Control Center " that helps assist with problems as they occur . "  The center monitors every 787 in flight ; it identifies problems and works with the airline to provide maintenance , sometimes even in flight , " said Henderson . Media focus Part of the Dreamliner 's problem has been due to heightened media scrutiny , says Tom Ballantine , chief correspondent at Orient Aviation magazine . "  Because of the early dramatic grounding of the plane every little thing that happens now gets reported , " he told CNN . "  But the Dreamliner has n't really become a total nightmare . New models do historically have a lot of teething problems . "  The 747 had quite a few issues when it first entered service , and hairline cracks were also found in the wings of Airbus A380s  along with other problems  . But none of this was a threat to the safe operation of the aircraft , which were repaired during downtime . " "  These issues with the 787 are certainly frustrating for the airlines but you can be sure they are being well compensated . All the airlines I have spoken to think it 's a great plane with a fantastic future . " JAL said it was working with Boeing to identify the issue with the engine . The plane would remain parked at Honolulu until the issue had been resolved , it added . Where they build Boeing planes	JAL Tokyo to San Francisco flight diverted to Honolulu after engine oil pressure dropped Pilots shut down engine and requested emergency landing , as per airline protocol Comes after wing cracks discovered in 40 in-production planes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- During the current economic crisis , high-flying women have been overlooked for promotion , according to a study out Tuesday . At the upper level of management , business is still dominated by men . The study , by U.S. nonprofit research group Catalyst , surveyed 873 MBA alumni who graduated between 1996 and 2007 , asking how their careers had fared between November 2007 and June 2009 . The results showed that overall , male and female MBAs have proved resilient to the recession and have fared equally well in the U.S. , Canada and Asia , with 31 percent of surveyed women reporting that they had been promoted during that time period , compared to 36 percent of men . However in Europe , just 26 per cent of women were promoted , compared with 44 percent of men , according to the study published in the Harvard Business Review . According to the Harvard Business Review , of the U.S. Fortune 500 companies only two per cent of the CEOs are women , and only 15 per cent of the seats on their boards of directors are held by women . Professor Susan Vinnicombe is the director of the Center for International Women Business Leaders at Cranfield University School of Management in England . She told CNN that while it is n't clear why the figures for Europe in particular show such a gender discrepancy , it reflects discrimination faced by women business leaders in general . Read more business related features "  There is a whole stream of research of male and female MBAs that systematically shows the more senior they get the bigger the disparities in salaries and promotion , " she said . "  Immediately after the MBA -- at the mid level -- women do quite well , but as they progress upwards the disparities emerge and get wider . That 's not just for MBAs , it 's the function of men and women in the workforce in general . " When it comes to the top tier , women worldwide were much more likely than men to lose their jobs , with 19 percent of female senior executives losing their jobs , compared with six per cent of men . Eleanor Tabi Haller-Jorden , General Manager of Catalyst Europe told CNN that the discrepancy is probably not the result of the current economic malaise . "  These figures reflect what has been a challenge in Europe for a number years , " she said . "  The talent pipeline in Europe is clearly not as robust for women . This study indicates that by and large this is not directly related to the economic crisis , but it may have magnified the discrepancy . " Haller-Jorden cites European corporate culture , perpetuation of gender-based stereotypes , exclusion of women from informal networks and a lack of role models as reasons behind the discrepancy . Cranfield University produces what it calls the "  Female FTSE Index , " showing the percentage of female directors in Britain 's top 100 companies . Vinnicombe says that in the last 10 years the number of female directors has hardly improved , increasing from seven per cent to just 11 percent . Vinnicombe adds that she has found anecdotal evidence that a number of senior women in the British banking sector have chosen to leave their jobs , rather than work in a "  high pressure , highly controlling " work environment brought about by the economic crisis . The Catalyst study also shows that many MBAs are n't letting the economic crisis get in the way of career advancement . Overall , 34 percent of respondents had received a promotion and 35 percent made a lateral move . "  The data almost indicates business as usual , in highly unusual times for business , " Haller-Jorden told CNN . The common perception might be that given the current economic uncertainty , employees would choose to play it safe rather than chance their luck in a volatile job market , but the study found that MBAs have been willing to risk career moves , with 20 percent of respondents changing jobs , 14 percent relocating and four percent starting their own business . Haller-Jorden said that MBAs represent "  high-potential employees " who tend to be entrepreneurial and show a high level of initiative . She added that these individuals tend to be opportunistic when it comes to their careers , seeking out new developmental opportunities , exploring lateral moves , looking at options around relocating , and choosing other employment opportunities to make sure they are n't negatively impacted by recession . "  The results are sobering for a corporate sector which may have assumed that people would be grateful to have a job and would n't necessarily be exploring other options , " she said . "  For companies to rest on their laurels and assume they do n't need to worry about retention is a mistake . "	Study : High-flying women are missing out on promotion Discrepancy in female promotions may have been magnified by recession Elsewhere , male and female MBAs proving resistant to the economic crisis "  High-potential employees " willing to change roles , despite harsh job market
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British-led military operation meant to clear the Taliban from parts of Afghanistan has succeeded , UK officials said Monday . A file image shows a British Royal Marine sniper team on an operation in Afghanistan . NATO and its Afghan allies launched Operation Panther 's Claw to flush the Taliban from parts of southern Helmand Province before Afghan presidential elections next month . Major fighting is mostly over , and the military will now focus on "  holding " the areas that have been cleared of Taliban so they do not return , Lt. Gen. Simon Mayall said in a briefing . The operation 's success will enable up to 80,000 people in Helmand to vote . "  Panther 's Claw has been extremely successful , " said Brigadier Tim Radford , the top British military commander for the operation . "  There will be many Taliban who will not be fighting any more . " He said the Taliban suffered "  significant casualties , " but refused to say how many . Nine British troops were killed in action in the operation , he said , and there were three Afghan civilian casualties . Radford estimated that there were 450 to 500 Taliban fighters in the area at the time of the operation , which he called "  one of the biggest that has taken place . " The British gave several weeks ' warning that they were planning to attack , he said , both to exert psychological pressure on the Taliban and to give civilians a chance to flee . As a result , "  quite a few Taliban managed to get away , " Radford said . "  They will always get away and they will always come back in . " Mayall , the deputy chief of the British Defence Staff for Operations , said the challenge now was to convince local people that the Afghan government and its allies could protect them from the Taliban . The Taliban "  are going to assume that we are going to lose interest and move on , " he said . But they are wrong , he said . NATO forces were going to "  stay in Afghanistan for a very long time , " he said , adding that active NATO-led fighting should "  tail off " as Afghan security forces develop the ability to fight the Taliban themselves . The counter-insurgency strategy of clearing and holding an area to allow for development of infrastructure and the rule of law echoes the coalition forces ' plan in Iraq . Panther 's Claw focused on the area around the town of Babaji in Helmand Province . The operation mirrored a similar operation by U.S. Marines in the area . At least 20 British troops have been killed in Afghanistan this month , sparking intense debate in Britain about the country 's military role there . The British-led operation involved about 3,000 troops -- mostly from the British military but also with Afghan , Danish and Estonian forces , the British Ministry of Defence said in a written statement . The operation started in mid-June with an air assault along a canal about 16 kilometers  10 miles  north of the city of Lashkar Gah , the ministry said . British-led forces attacked from three different directions over the next three weeks , essentially creating a "  gated community " where Taliban insurgents could not get in or out , Radford said . Major fighting ended July 20 , he said .	Major fighting in Operation Panther 's Claw over , British military says Operation aimed at clearing Taliban from southern Afghanistan 's Helmand At least 20 British troops have been killed in past month
CNN  -- On the sixth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , CNN asked users to share their stories of heroes from that fateful day and how they were being remembered . Sarah Glasgow of Easton , Pennsylvania , sent this photo of a 9/11 memorial made up of flags and shoes . Below is a selection of those responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Joshua Miller of Peoria , Illinois I would like to remember Patrick "  Joe " Driscoll today . He lost his life aboard United Airlines Flight 93 on the morning of September 11 , 2001 . He was traveling with his friend , Billy Cashman , from New Jersey to California for a hiking trip . Joe was a man in his 70s who had had heart bypass surgery and hip replacement surgery . These physical setbacks did n't stop a feisty guy from New York City . He went on to live an active life . He was a fighter who had a gentle side . He adored his grandchildren , his children , and his wife . Joe is greatly missed . So many of us are so very proud of him . To ease my grief over the losses we all share from that terrible day , I often think of the passage from the gospel of John : "  Greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his life for his friends . " Thank you , Joe . You did just that . Jennifer Brower of Alexandria , Virginia Ray Downey , the most decorated firefighter in the history of New York City , a tireless soldier in the battle for the safety and security of the people of the United States , and an amazing father and grandfather , died in the command post in New York City on September 11 , 2001 . I had the honor of getting to know Ray through our work on the Gilmore Commission . My daughter is named after him , and he is a constant source of inspiration whenever I am scared to do things . I do not know whether he was scared , but it certainly never stopped him . Anne-Marie Canter of San Francisco , California I had three heroes on that day . Two of them were firemen walking up the stairs of the North Tower as we were all walking down and out . We had been backed up on the stairwells and some people were starting to panic but when the two firemen came up and told us all to carry on walking , we would get out and they just walked up the stairs past us . They had such brave , courageous faces and their voices were so confident . They carried on up the stairs and we all felt much better and continued our way down . We all got out but I do n't think they did and I will never forget those brave faces and the hope their strong voices gave us . My other hero is my friend Debbie -- she walked down next to me all the way and kept cheerful and even managed to make me smile when she made a joke about what a mess our mascara must be -- it sounds silly but at that point we all had no idea what was going on outside but we needed to distract ourselves from some of the smells and sounds in the stairwell and seeing someone so calm made me feel a lot calmer . We all are so much stronger than we think , and our actions have such an impact on those around us . Jennifer Taylor of Upland , California I believe that those of us who have continued on with our lives , continued to travel , work , pray , love and care for one another and stand by our way of life are heroes ! I believe all of those who lost their lives that day would have wanted no less . We will never forget you , not one of you !!! Theju Mudda of Bangalore , India My deep condolences to the innocent people who got killed in the 9/11 event . The event should be remembered as Heroes Day -- for the people who sacrificed their lives trying to save other lives and for the people who gave their lives for no mistake of theirs . God bless their families ! Emory Baird of Brodnax , Virginia A quick game of shuffleboard -LSB- was -RSB- interrupted by an intercom announcement declaring one of the Trade Center towers had been hit by a stray plane . Completely oblivious to what was happening , I continued my game . As a result of the events and disappointment in myself over my reaction , I am now a state certified firefighter . I can only pray for the courage you all showed . A special thanks to FDNY , we have n't forgotten you . From Company 2 to you , thank you . You set the example for the world . Gil Gonzales of Houston , Texas My heartfelt prayers go out to the families of all who died on 9/11 . May God help them overcome their grief . Christina Joseph of Chicago , Illinois As a person who was there in NYC watching the monuments of my city fall down , I can only remember the compassion . The firefighters who came from all over the United States to help , to offer support and just to be there . The many doors of religious organizations that were open day and nights to offer solace . One such church was on Park Avenue near Grand Central and it had a sign that just said "  come in and sit " and it did not matter who you were , where you came from , we all needed each other . We still do . Daniel S. Martin of Manchester , Connecticut My younger brother who is an American Airlines pilot flew on 9/11/01 from Boston 's Logan to NYC 's Kennedy and finally San Diego . He left Boston around 6 or 6:30 a.m. , landed in NYC , took off no problem and headed to the West Coast around 8:30 or so . ... Unfortunately , we all know the rest of the story . ... He was ordered to land in Indiana , which he did , arriving safely  knees shaking !  with his crew , passengers and aircraft . ... He 's my hero . Benedict Albensi of Winnipeg , Manitoba I am an American who lives and works in Winnipeg as a medical professor . I have been flying the American flag in my neighborhood all week as a tribute to those heroes and other victims who lost their lives on 9/11 . Last July here in Winnipeg , someone put a Nazi swastika on my car 's American flag sticker . So now I fly the U.S. flag a lot more than I used to . It is not trendy to be an American in many foreign countries right now . Living in a foreign country I find myself having to advocate why the USA is still the greatest country in the world . It is a tough sell these days . As Americans we have to let the world know that America has problems but we are not "  the " problem . J.E. Seaman of Huntington , New York We never mention nearly often enough the flight attendants on all the planes , but especially AA Flight 11 . Talk about guts , they identified the hijackers before the first plane hit . Talk about professionals ! Talk about the courageous ! Matt Williams of Katy , Texas I will be honoring the many victims and heroes of that day by wearing a 9/11 pin that was given to me by an Army buddy of mine . This will be the fourth year that I will wear it . I wear it only September 11 . Natasha Jenkins of Ottawa , Kansas I was a senior in high school , sitting in a college prep class , early on the morning of September 11 , 2001 . I remember my English teacher hustling into the room to share the news about the first tower being hit just as our class was starting . Unknowing , I made a silly comment to the English teacher about something random and I 'll never forget the look she gave me . Once we had the TV tuned in to CNN , I felt as though my innocence and naive nature had been forever changed . This year , I will remember the fallen with my own students , as this is my first year of teaching . I plan on discussing the event , the aftermath , and the memories with my sophomore world history students . Tim of Dothan , Alabama "  Heroes " ? A media term we sometimes use for comfort . Perhaps it 's easier to reconcile the deaths of 3,000 of our fellow Americans if we refer to them as heroes -- it implies that they died for a noble reason . Perhaps it 's less traumatic to lose a loved one if we can justify calling them a "  hero . " But the sad fact is , many of those we lost , including my brother , simply got up that morning to face another  supposed  mundane day on the job . It 's been six years , and the word "  hero " still brings no comfort , no reconciliation . Justin Wright of Salt Lake City , Utah I remember it as clear as day . You do n't ever forget images like what I saw on the television that morning or throughout the remainder of that particular day . The mere fact that United Airlines Flight 93 did n't make it to its target is a simple testimony to the spirit and dogged fight that there is in the people of this country . I think of those who gave their lives . ... May God bless all those on 9/11/01 who went before us . Laura Keefner of Great Barrington , Massachusetts My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of 9/11 and their families and our country . That horrific day lives in my mind and I will never forget . A flag hangs outside my house every day , and I hope the rest of America displays the flag this day and every day . This is your country , and people flock here every day because of all the USA has to offer . I am proud to be an American and I wish the country could go back to the days after 9/11 when we were so united and proud of our country . Now there is so much bickering between political parties and the American people . God bless all the victims of 9/11 , all policemen , emergency workers , firefighters and our military . They are my true heroes . Michael White of London , England When the planes flew into the World Trade Center , I just could not believe it . Afterwards , I was contracted to expand the fiber optics at the morgue to accommodate the newly installed trailers for identification of the dead . I watched as our fallen firefighters and police officers ' remains were brought in for identification . I do n't think I will ever forget the heroes who gave their lives for others . E-mail to a friend	Sixth anniversary of 9/11 being marked in New York , Washington , Pennsylvania CNN.com readers share thoughts and memories of 9/11 heroes I-Report : Share your photos , memories of 9/11 heroes
A first round of Syrian peace talks did n't go too well , and now the government delegation wo n't commit to a second round . Meanwhile , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has failed to turn over its known chemical weapons stockpiles on time , causing U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to warn on Friday that all options remain available to force compliance . The dual developments showed the challenges facing efforts by the international community to halt the Syrian civil war through talks intended to set up a transitional government , and rid Syria of its chemical weapons that already have been used in the conflict . President Barack Obama threatened a military response last year when U.S. authorities determined the al-Assad regime attacked its own people with chemical weapons . However , Obama failed to secure backing from Congress or key ally Great Britain . Instead , Syrian ally Russia stepped in to persuade al-Assad to hand over the chemical weapons stockpiles to the international community in order to be destroyed . That process started on schedule , but the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons that is overseeing Syria 's handover of its stockpiles said Friday that Syrian officials need to speed things up . "  While the two shipments  of chemicals  this month represent a start , the need for the process to pick up pace is obvious , " Director-General Ahmet Uzumcu said . Kerry : Fresh barrel bomb attack shows Syrian regime 's ` true colors ' Kerry to Syria : all options on the table In Germany , Kerry said al-Assad "  needs to understand that he agreed to an international U.N. Security Council Resolution which has reinforced a requirement that he remove all of those weapons and that he do so in a specific period of time . " "  Every indication we have is there is no legitimate reason that that is not happening now , " Kerry said , noting that an international military response remained a possibility . "  And therefore , we call on Bashar al-Assad to live up to his obligations or we will join together with our friends and talk about which , if any , of the options we deem necessary at this point to proceed forward . " In Geneva , the initial talks involving al-Assad 's government and the Syrian opposition came to a quiet close on Friday , a week after they started with much fanfare . "  This is a modest beginning , but it is a beginning on which we can build , " U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi told reporters . He said the peace talks were scheduled to resume in Geneva on February 10 . While the opposition has agreed to the date , the Syrian government delegation said it must first consult with Damascus , according to Brahimi . Noting that "  the gaps between the two sides remain wide ; there 's no use pretending otherwise , " he said that "  nevertheless , during our discussions I observed a little bit of common ground -- perhaps more than the two sides themselves realize or recognize . " The more than two years of fighting have embittered both sides to the point that reconciliation seems unreachable , particularly involving the opposition demand -- backed by the United States -- that al-Assad ca n't be part of any future transitional leadership . "  We felt like we were drinking from a poisoned chalice while the criminal was killing our women , children , young men and women , and elderly , " said a statement released Friday by Syrian National Coalition leader Ahmad Jarba after the close of the first round of talks . "  The only consolation that we had was that the regime which had been oppressing us for more than 50 years had arrived in Geneva to dig its own grave with its own hands . " Brahimi focuses on tiny steps forward Emphasizing the positive , Brahimi said that over the past eight days , the two sides at least became used to being in the same room , and that moments occurred when one side acknowledged the concerns of the other . Both sides understand that Syria 's civil war has caused immense suffering , recognize the urgent need to bring the violence to an end and are committed to discussing the full implementation of the so-called Geneva I communique to achieve a political solution , he said . They also understand the need to rapidly address the humanitarian situation in Syria , wherever that need exists in the country , Brahimi added . However , he acknowledged no breakthrough so far on delivering aid to the besieged city of Homs . "  Some good news came yesterday with the delivery of humanitarian assistance to the Yarmouk camp for Palestinian refugees , " he said . "  But so much more is needed . " Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said the government was still "  hopeful " and wanted to engage in dialogue , but that the differences between the two sides had been very apparent . "  They are not in touch at all with what is happening on the ground in Syria , " he said , adding that Syria rejects outside interference in its affairs . Opposition spokesman Louay Saif said just starting the talks with the government represented progress in the fight . "  We believe the only way to stop violence and to ... end the work of any group that is part of a terrorist agenda is to start the transition , " he said . A terror group too brutal for al Qaeda ? A call for constructive engagement The U.S. State Department was critical of the Syrian government 's delay in confirming the date for the start of the next round of talks . "  The opposition has once again shown a seriousness of purpose in these negotiations by quickly committing to participate in the next round of talks , while the regime continues to play games , " said Edgar Vasquez , a State Department spokesman . Heading to a security conference in Munich , Kerry described the Syrian conflict as a destabilizing factor in the region . The Munich Security Conference also will be attended by Brahimi , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif -- all major players in the Syrian situation . The Geneva I communique of June 2012 called for a transitional government and for al-Assad to step down . The government has said that is not an option . More than 100,000 Syrians have been killed in the conflict , which has forced more than 2 million people to become refugees . Opposition groups have long called on the Syrian government to halt its relentless attacks on rebel-controlled areas . The government argues that it is fighting terrorism backed by outside parties . The conflict has also been mired by accusations that the Damascus government used chemical weapons and that the opposition includes al Qaeda-affiliated groups .	Secretary Kerry says Syria is failing to comply with chemical weapons deal U.N. mediator Lakhdar Brahimi calls peace talks a "  modest beginning " Negotiations on halting Syria 's civil war are supposed to resume Feb. 10 Meanwhile , Syria has failed to hand over known chemical weapons on time
Twenty-four years . That 's how much time must pass before the prime suspect in the disappearance of American Natalee Holloway faces the American justice system . Peru has agreed to extradite Joran van der Sloot to the United States , but only after he finishes serving a 28-year murder sentence , the Peruvian news agency Andina reported . The Peruvian court system sentenced him in 2012 , but he will be eligible for release in 2038 because of the time he already has spent in custody . In the United States , he 's been indicted on federal charges of extortion and wire fraud . American authorities accuse him of extorting money from Holloway 's mother by offering bogus information about her daughter 's disappearance . Holloway , an 18-year-old from Alabama , was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving a nightclub in Aruba with van der Sloot and two other men . She 'd gone to the Caribbean island with 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Holloway 's body has never been found , and she was declared legally dead in 2012 . Nobody has been charged in her disappearance . The courts in Peru convicted van der Sloot in 2012 of murdering Stephany Flores , 21 , in his Lima hotel room . The judges gave him a sentence two years short of the 30-year maximum . Investigators have said they believe van der Sloot , a 26-year-old Dutch national , killed Flores after she found something related to the Holloway case on his computer while visiting his hotel room . Van der Sloot confessed to robbery in addition to murder , admitting that he stole Flores ' belongings , including more than $ 300 in local currency , credit cards and the victim 's van as a means to leave the country . He fled to Chile and was arrested a few days later .	He 's a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Natalee Holloway in Aruba Van der Sloot must first finish a 28-year murder sentence in Peru U.S. courts want to try him on extortion charges
CNN  -- Michael Jackson was an international superstar , and many in the black community herald him for breaking down racial barriers in the music industry . Michael Jackson was one of the first black global superstars . "  Michael Jackson made culture accept a person of color way before Tiger Woods , way before Oprah Winfrey , way before Barack Obama , " said the Rev. Al Sharpton . "  Michael did with music what they later did in sports and in politics and in television . And no controversy will erase the historic impact . " As the Jackson 5 , Michael Jackson and his brothers "  became a cutting-edge example of black crossover artists , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a professor of black popular culture at Duke University 's Department of African and African American Studies . "  You basically had five working-class black boys with Afros and bell bottoms , and they really did n't have to trade any of that stuff in order to become mainstream stars , " Neal said . Young Michael Jackson was the first black "  bubblegum teen star " in the vein of Monkees singer Davy Jones , Neal said . Jackson continued as a pioneer in the black culture when he broke barriers by appearing on MTV , and by breaking sales records with the 1982 album , "  Thriller . " Timeline : The life of a "  King " " "  At the time that he releases ` Thriller , ' I always argue that MTV was arguably the best example of cultural apartheid in the United States , " Neal said . The former president of CBS Records , Walter Yetnikoff , remembered with scorn that MTV would not play "  Billie Jean " or "  Beat It " because it billed itself as a rock station . Looking back on that era , a 1991 Los Angeles Times article quoted MTV founder and then-CEO Robert Pittman as saying the channel 's format did n't lend itself to other musical styles , including R&B and country . And Pittman accused his critics of attempting to impose their musical pluralism on the channel 's die-hard rock fans . But Yetnikoff said he threatened to pull videos of his other artists unless MTV played Jackson 's videos . Watch Yetnikoff talk about getting Jackson 's videos played " Soon Jackson 's videos were heavily in rotation on MTV . Showcasing a black artist paved the way for the popular show , "  Yo ! MTV Raps , " and other black artists , Neal said . In turn , Jackson became one of the first African-Americans to be a global icon . He also influenced a new generation of black musicians , including Usher , Ne-Yo and Kanye West , according to Joycelyn Wilson , a professor of African-American studies at Morehouse College , who specializes in popular culture and hip-hop studies . Slideshow : Michael Jackson and his music " Changing appearance Jackson 's changing physical appearance in the past two decades led to criticism he was trying to be less black . "  Here 's a man who started off looking very typically African-American and ended up looking like something few people would have recognized early in his career . His nose was trimmed , his lips were different ... his skin was different , " said Cheryl Contee , who writes as Jill Tubman on Jack & Jill Politics , a blog centered on African-American issues . "  The only thing that seemed to almost stay the same were his eyes , " said Contee , who also called Jackson "  a genius and more than a trailblazer . " "  I think -LSB- it -RSB- troubled a lot of people that he left his skin color behind and seemed somehow to be ashamed of who he was -LSB- when -RSB- he was born , " Contee said . But during a 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey , Jackson shot down rumors that he was dying his skin to make it lighter . He told the talk show host that he had vitiligo , a disorder that destroyed his skin pigmentation . Black popular culture professor Neal said Jackson 's physical changes did not reflect his life on the whole . "  I think if you solely pay attention to Michael Jackson 's physicality , you actually miss something that 's much more complex . ... Michael Jackson artistically and aesthetically never turned his back on blackness . His work was always in conversation with black culture both in the United States and more globally , " said Neal . Neal said Jackson 's changes were not to deny blackness , nor to become more white . "  This was somebody who most of his career we read as being asexual . And I think that many of the changes to his face , particularly his skin tone , he was almost trying to achieve an a-raciality , " said Neal . Contee upset some commenters on her blog when she highlighted both the positive and negative aspects of Jackson 's life , or what she termed his "  mixed legacy . " "  Some people were very offended that I would dare to mention some of the unfortunate aspects of his later years , " she said . "  But others -LSB- acknowledged -RSB- that they had mixed feelings about his legacy and what that meant to African-Americans . "	Jackson 5 went mainstream and maintained black identity , professor says MTV did n't play videos of black artists before Jackson Expert : Despite his changing appearance , he was always in touch with black culture
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- A terrorism suspect accused of plotting the bombing of a skyscraper made his first appearance in federal court Friday . Hosam Maher Husein Smadi said through his lawyer that he understood the charges Friday . Hosam Maher Husein Smadi , a 19-year-old Jordanian , said little during a 20-minute hearing at the Dallas federal courthouse . His lawyer , however , said Smadi understood the gravity of the charge . Judge Irma Ramirez set a probable cause hearing for October 5 . Smadi initially drew authorities ' scrutiny because of his violent posts on an extremist chat site , court papers indicate . He was arrested Thursday in a sting operation , the FBI said . Federal officials said Smadi , who entered the United States illegally and lived in Texas , tried to set off an explosive attached to a vehicle at the base of the 60-story Fountain Place office tower . Long before authorities arrested Smadi , however , they were following his Internet discussions , according to a court affidavit . "  Smadi was discovered by the FBI within an online group of extremists , " the affidavit says . "  Among many others in the group who espoused and endorsed violence , Smadi stood out based on his vehement intention to actually conduct terror attacks in the United States . " Undercover officers then contacted Smadi , posing as members of an al Qaeda sleeper cell . After months of conversations , the agents considered Smadi a legitimate threat . Smadi picked several targets to attack , including the Dallas-Forth Worth airport , before deciding on the skyscraper , which houses Wells Fargo Bank , the affidavit says . It details a conversation that Smadi is said to have had with authorities : "  I have decided to change the target , " he said , according to the affidavit . "  God willing , the strike will be certain and strong . It will shake the currently weak economy in the state and the American nation , because this bank is one of the largest banks in the city . " Smadi said many times that he wanted to commit violent jihad and he was a soldier of Osama bin Laden , the affidavit says . Undercover agents tried to get Smadi to "  re-evaluate his interpretation of jihad , " saying there were nonviolent ways to commit the act . But "  Smadi again communicated his continuing commitment for violent jihad , " the affidavit says . After casing the bank in July , Smadi told an undercover agent he would target it , according to authorities . Initially , Smadi told the agent he wanted to bomb the bank on September 11 but decided to wait until the Islamic holy month of Ramadan ended on September 20 , authorities said . After receiving what he thought was an explosive from an undercover agent , Smadi drove a car with the fake bomb into a parking garage under the skyscraper , authorities said . Watch how a Jordanian was given fake explosive " Smadi thought he could detonate the bomb by dialing his cell phone , they said . When he dialed , the number rang a phone in authorities ' possession , the affidavit says . Counterterrorism officials arrested Smadi on Thursday before publicly disclosing a similar but unrelated terrorism sting arrest Wednesday in Springfield , Illinois . A federal law enforcement official familiar with the cases said authorities feared that word of the Illinois arrest could tip off the Texas suspect to the sting operation . Watch what the recent terror arrests mean " A charge of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction carries a potential sentence of life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . In the Illinois case , undercover FBI agents foiled a plot to bomb Springfield 's federal building , authorities said . In neither case did authorities find ties to known terrorist groups . Journalist Todd Bensman and CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Sean Callebs and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect initially wanted to stage attack on September 11 , authorities say Affidavit : Teen accused in Texas bomb plot wrote violent posts on extremist Web site Hosam Maher Husein Smadi accused of plotting to bomb Dallas skyscraper Smadi told plans to undercover FBI agents , authorities say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The creators are billing it as one of the coolest hostels in the world and it 's undoubtedly one of the most novel overnight stays you are ever likely to experience . Welcome to the Jumbo Hostel -- an old Boeing 747 which is being converted into a 25-room hostel at the Stockholm-Arlanda airport . The Jumbo Hostel is currently being refurbished and will open for business in December 2008 . The idea is the brainchild of Swedish businessman and entrepreneur Oscar Dios , who has been running hostels in Uppsala , Sweden for the past five years . Renovation work is underway on a plane which used to carry in excess of 350 passengers . Jumbo Hostel is scheduled to open for business in December 2008 and will provide accommodation for up to 85 guests . CNN spoke to Dios about how he got the project off the ground . "  We were looking to expand the business but it was more or less impossible to find reasonably priced housing at the airport . And you can not build a new house and run a hostel because it is too expensive , " he said . It was in 2006 that Dios first heard about the Boeing 747 , which was for sale . Formerly flown by the now defunct Transjet Airways , the plane was wasting away in a hangar at Arlanda airport and had n't flown since 2002 . "  The plane was in a terrible state when we first saw it , " he said . "  But we contacted the owners and gave them a fairly good offer , I think . " Although he was n't prepared to let on exactly how much he paid for the old Boeing , Dios confirmed that the price tag was a six-figure sum  in euros  . Dios took possession of the 1976 Boeing 747-200 -- one of 393 built by the company until 1991 -- in June 2007 and by December he had reached agreement with the airport authorities about his unique proposal . In August 2008 the plane was finally moved to its permanent home at Arlanda airport 's main entrance , where it will now stay . Apart from the engines being removed from the wings before purchase , the plane , from the outside , looks almost exactly as it did when it was grounded . The interior , for obvious reasons , is a different matter . Dismantling and stripping out all the old equipment and instruments started earlier this year . The final phase of refurbishment is nearing completion and Dios says it complies with the same building regulations required for a house . There will be two types of accommodation . A basic room will be roughly six square meters in size with sleeping space for three adults . It will cost $ 110  $ 150  per night . But if you fancy splashing out , you can book the top deck , complete with the cockpit suite , which comes with a private bathroom and panoramic views of takeoffs and landings . Dios envisages newlyweds taking advantage of this more expensive option , which costs $ 500  $ 700  . If you do n't want to spend a whole night on board you can hop on and relax in the cafe suite for a couple of hours at a cost of $ 25  $ 35  . This will also afford you the opportunity of striding out onto the wing and taking in the views of the bustling airport . While most large commercial planes end up in vast aircraft boneyards , some , like the Jumbo Hostel , find new lives . New York based urban architects Lot-ek plan to create a library in Guadalajara , Mexico , made by recycling 200 Boeing 727 and 737 fuselages . And Californian millionaire Francie Rehwald has started building a house from the parts of another scrapped 747 .	Swedish entrepreneur to open a Jumbo Hostel at Arlanda airport in Sweden Decommissioned Boeing 747-200 currently being renovated into a 25 room hostel Jumbo Hostel will cost $ 110 per room per night or $ 500 for the cockpit suite
Smokers with high levels of a carcinogen byproduct  NNAL  are at higher risk of developing lung cancer . Smoking is a lot like Russian roulette : You never know who will end up developing lung cancer and who wo n't . But Dr. Jian-Min Yuan , as well as other researchers from the University of Minnesota , say they are one step closer to determining a smoker 's risk for developing the disease . In a study , they tracked the carcinogen and nicotine levels in nearly 500 smokers through a simple urine test and discovered a link between the level of a specific carcinogen and lung cancer . Their findings were presented at the American Association for Cancer Research conference . Why did researchers track only the levels of one carcinogen ? We all know that tobacco smoke is bad : It 's loaded with 60 different carcinogens , which cause all sorts of health risks . There is one carcinogen in particular that researchers suspected for years contributed to human lung cancer . But there were never any scientific human studies showing this relationship . This carcinogen is known as NNK . It releases into your body when you inhale smoke , quickly passes through the liver , gets metabolized and releases NNAL , a byproduct of NNK , into the bloodstream . University of Minnesota researchers were tracking the NNAL levels via urine samples . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the findings " How much did a person have to smoke to develop high levels of NNAL ? The exact amount is a little tricky to determine because a lot depends on how honest a person is about how many cigarettes he or she smoked per day . Additionally , the type of cigarette and how deeply a person inhales could affect the amount of carcinogens in the body . Researchers say a person with high levels of NNAL and high levels of nicotine  equivalent to smoking about a pack of cigarettes a day  is 8.5 times more likely to develop lung cancer compared with a smoker with lower levels . While the researchers point out that not everyone who has a high level of NNAL is going to develop lung cancer , it does help assign a number to a risk that was hard to quantify before . Is n't smoking bad for you regardless ? What is the benefit of having this type of information ? There is nothing healthy about smoking . Even if this test pegs you at low risk of developing lung cancer , it does n't mean you wo n't develop a dozen other cancers commonly cause by smoking . If you smoke , the No. 1 thing you should do is quit . But that is easier said than done . If it were easy , 23 percent of adults in the United States would not smoke regularly . One benefit of knowing whether a smoker is at increased risk for lung cancer is for his or her doctor to screen the person regularly for abnormalities , in the hopes of catching the cancer early . Lung cancer is but one consequence of smoking , so this type of testing is not going to fix everything . But as far as lung cancer goes , it may give people a better idea of when and how often to get screened . Reported by CNN 's Danielle Dellorto	First study to quantify link between carcinogen byproduct and lung cancer rates Researchers tracked levels of byproduct  NNAL  using urine samples Smokers with high levels of NNAL doubled their risk of developing lung cancer Test could identify high-risk people , aid in early detection and treatment Bottom Line : This test may one day be used to identify smokers at high risk for lung cancer , but wo n't help against smoking 's other health hazards .
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Three current or former Bell , California , city officials , accused of misappropriation of public funds , won bail reduction Wednesday . The arraignment for them and five others arrested in the case was postponed until October 21 after a defense attorney asked for more time . The bail for former City Manager Robert Rizzo was reset from $ 3.2 million to $ 2 million . Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia 's bail went from $ 377,000 to $ 350,000 , and Mayor Oscar Hernandez won a $ 10,000 reduction to $ 275,000 . City Council member Luis Artiga , former council member George Cole and Vice Mayor Teresa Jacobo showed that their bail funds come from legitimate sources and can post it anytime , a judge ruled . The charges allege that the officials misappropriated more than $ 5.5 million , including being paid for phantom meetings , District Attorney Steve Cooley said Tuesday . Rizzo , Spaccia and Police Chief Randy Adams resigned after media reports that they were making several hundred thousand dollars a year each . Adams was not charged , Cooley said . "  The complaint alleges they used the tax dollars collected from the hard-working citizens of Bell as their own piggy bank , which they looted at will , " Cooley said . Other defendants are council member George Mirabal and former councilman Victor Bello . Rizzo , who was being paid nearly $ 800,000 annually , is charged with 53 counts of misappropriation of public funds and conflict of interest . Among the allegations are that he wrote his own employment contracts and that they were never approved by the City Council , prosecutors said . Cooley alleges that Rizzo , hired as Bell 's chief administrative officer in September 1994 , gave nearly $ 1.9 million in unauthorized loans to himself , Spaccia , Artiga , Hernandez and dozens of others . Rizzo is responsible for $ 4.3 million of the city 's losses , Cooley said . Rizzo 's attorney , Jim Spertus , said Cooley ensured that reporters witnessed the arrest of his client and called it "  grossly unprofessional . " "  Candidate Cooley wants some good campaign material , " Spertus said , making reference to the district attorney 's candidacy for California attorney general . " -LSB- Rizzo 's -RSB- salary was openly transparent to the City Council , and the council approved it , " he said , adding that his client will fight the charges . Spertus also said the city 's loan program followed procedures and that Cooley 's office did not interview many pertinent witnesses . Prosecutors charged Hernandez , Jacobo , Mirabal , Cole , Bello and Artiga with nearly two dozen counts of misappropriating approximately $ 1.2 million of public funds . Cooley alleges that they held "  bogus meetings " that lasted only minutes at a time -- or not at all -- and collected payment . "  The -LSB- council -RSB- for their part provided no checks , no balances , " Cooley said . "  The council members were busy enriching themselves for collecting money for meetings that never occurred . " California Attorney General Edmund G. Brown recently sued several of the former officials "  to recover the excess salaries " that Bell officials were being paid . He also was pursuing a reduction of their pension benefits . "  This is a very serious matter when public officials breach their duty to the public and enrich themselves with enormous obscene salaries which then trigger pensions of similar magnitude , " Brown said . The suit accuses officials of fraud , civil conspiracy , waste of public funds and breach of fiduciary duty . It also alleges they deliberately misled citizens about the accurate amount of their pay . Bell , in southeast Los Angeles County , had 36,624 residents as of the 2000 census . The median annual income is less than $ 35,000 . Rizzo 's last annual base salary was $ 787,638 , Adams earned $ 457,000 , and Spaccia received $ 336,000 , according to Brown 's office . Before recently cutting their pay , Bell City Council members received $ 96,000 a year , compared with $ 4,800 a year earned by council members in similar-sized cities . Since 1993 , the council raised Rizzo 's salary 16 times , with an average jump of 14 percent yearly , the attorney general said . In 2005 , he received an increase of 47 percent . Since 2001 , City Council members also awarded themselves 16 percent raises yearly . Brown , who is running for governor , said Rizzo prepared a memo for the public saying council members received $ 673 a month and he was paid $ 15,478 a month , which would amount to annual salaries of about $ 8,000 and $ 185,000 respectively . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Bail reduced for three defendants Arraignment delayed until late October High salaries in Bell sparked outrage in July Defense attorney says case is about politics
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sheriff 's investigators Thursday asked prosecutors to charge Justin Bieber with felony vandalism in his alleged egging of a neighbor 's home . "  No decision will be made this week , " Los Angeles County District Attorney spokesman Ricardo Santiago told CNN . Detectives presented their findings to a prosecutor who must decide whether Bieber , 19 , will be charged with vandalism and if the charge is a misdemeanor or a felony , Santiago said . The neighbor accused Bieber of tossing eggs over a fence and onto the mansion next door on January 9 . Investigators pressed for a more serious felony charge because the attack allegedly caused an estimated $ 20,000 in damage . If it were to happen , a misdemeanor charge would be easier for the singer to deal with , since he would not have to personally appear in court . His lawyer could handle the case without his presence . A felony , which carries a more serious penalty , would require Bieber 's attendance in court . How Chris Brown , Lindsay Lohan could help Bieber A dozen Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies raided Bieber 's $ 6.5 million home in the exclusive Oaks community in Calabasas , California , last month , taking the security video system as evidence . Thursday 's meeting at the Van Nuys courthouse was the second with prosecutors . The recommendation of a felony charge was confirmed by Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. David Thompson . At the first meeting last week , the detectives were asked to conduct more interviews to "  tighten up " their case , Thompson said . Bieber also faces misdemeanor-level criminal charges in Miami Beach , Florida , and Toronto , Canada . Bieber , dad ignored pilot 's demand to put pot away	"  No decision will be made this week , " district attorney 's spokesman says Prosecutor will decide whether Justin Bieber will be charged with vandalism A charge could be a misdemeanor or a more serious felony Bieber already faces criminal cases in Florida , Canada
CNN  -- As we store more and more of our personal lives on smartphones , mobile security is becoming increasingly crucial . A password offers some protection , but it may not deter a serious hacker . For users of Apple devices , more help might be on the way . According to several reports , the next version of Apple 's mobile operating system suggests future iPhones will have biometric scanners that read fingerprints . A user could register his or her prints with the device , then place a thumb on the home button to unlock the phone . Fingerprint verification could also add an extra layer of security when making mobile payments , for example . A biometric sensor has been a rumored feature on the next iPhone for months . But the rumors got a boost when a beta version of iOS 7 was released Monday night to Apple developers . At least one developer found a folder called "  BiometricKitUI " containing lines of code that made numerous references to "  fingerprint , " according to reports by 9to5Mac , Extreme Tech and other blogs . "  You can then unlock your phone by putting your thumb on the home button . No longer will friends and family be able to pick up and peruse your phone -- no longer will you have to key in your passcode every time you want to do something , " wrote Sebastian Anthony for Extreme Tech . Of course , many blogs trade in feverish rumors about Apple products that later prove unfounded , and there 's no proof that such a feature will show up on the next iPhone , expected to be launched this fall . Next Media Animation , the Taiwan-based production company that turns news stories into animated clips , has weighed in on the fingerprint scanner , suggesting it wo n't appear on iPhones until 2014 . Observers expect the as-yet-unnamed phone  iPhone 5S ?  to have a faster processor , better battery life and an improved camera , possibly with a slow-motion video function . Apple also has been experimenting with larger screens for the iPhone and iPad .	Future iPhones and iPads might have biometric scanners that read fingerprints Fingerprint verification could add an extra layer of security Clues were found in a beta version of iOS 7 released to Apple developers
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- For his first event in New Hampshire on Thursday , Sen. Rand Paul agreed to do some phone-banking at U.S. Senate candidate Scott Brown 's headquarters in Manchester . The Kentucky Republican sat down at a long table , where he was flanked by the state 's GOP chairwoman Jennifer Horn and Brown 's wife , Gail , who were also making calls . Brown , who Paul endorsed at a separate event last month , was out of town . Nine journalists -- roughly half with cameras -- gathered quietly in front of Paul to observe . Rand Paul : Ebola is ` not like AIDS ' No one answered Paul 's first phone call , and an aide from the headquarters stepped in to dial out to the next person . The same thing happened after the second . After the third , the aide had briefly looked away and did n't immediately jump in to redial . "  Alright , let 's keep going , " Paul said , looking around and sounding agitated . "  Who 's helping me ? " The aide quickly returned to the phone and pressed the right buttons . Paul seemed puzzled that the system did n't do that on its own , and it was becoming clear that those few seconds of entering new numbers were becoming a waste of time . Mitt Romney , Scott Brown pair up after 2012 pause The doctor in him had a solution . "  I just thought of a software update for you , " he said , suggesting they use a program that automatically calls the next name on a list after an unsuccessful attempt . He repeated his prescription to Horn . The phone-banking marked an example of Paul 's no-frills , straight-to-the-chase personality . He 's not one to make jokes or put on a smile in awkward moments just to fill space . In a stark contrast to the effusive styles of many politicians , he 's indeed eager to "  keep going " and unafraid to show impatience at times . That 's in part because he maintains an aggressive , fast-paced schedule , crisscrossing the country to campaign for 2014 candidates and raise his national profile as he prepares a potential presidential bid . His visit Thursday -- a campaign-style , four-city blitz across the state -- was his fourth time to New Hampshire since early last year . With its first-in-the-nation primary status , the state is a big attraction for White House hopefuls . Another few calls went unanswered Thursday morning , and each time the aide stepped in to help . Paul would sit back in his chair cross-legged with every call , staring down blankly at the table as the media looked on . "  We 're going to have to plan ahead before we get to the next office , " Horn said , with a slightly frustrated tone . She then recommended that he just leave a message , but Paul did n't like the idea . After the eighth attempt , he lowered the phone . "  Bad number . " Horn decided to try something else . She took over his phone and called someone whose number she knew by memory and who she described as an undecided voter . But she did n't get through . She had to dial out again . This time it did n't ring . The aide came back to help redial . No one answered . "  Ok , you 're not going to talk to anyone this morning , " Horn laughed nervously to Paul . "  Put me back on the random thing , " he said . "  I 'm going to eventually get someone . " He cracked a slight smile that seemed to bring some relief to the situation . They urged him to leave a voicemail again , but he refused . Then , suddenly : "  Hey is this Carol ? This is Rand Paul , how are you doing ? " Having reached someone on his twelfth call , he made his pitch for Brown . A former U.S. senator from Massachusetts who was defeated by Elizabeth Warren in 2012 , Brown is running for the Senate again , this time from neighboring New Hampshire where he had a vacation home . He officially moved to the state less then a year ago . "  I do n't know exactly what made his decision as far as relocating here , " Paul said , answering an apparent question from the voter about Scott 's transition . The attack on Brown as a carpetbagger is a strategy used by Brown 's opponent , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , in what 's become an expensive and competitive race . "  I know he 's had a lot of roots here , " Paul continued , before spelling out Brown 's connections to the state . Paul went on to describe Brown as an "  honest " man and talked up the former senator 's economic positions . He hung up after they spoke for several minutes , only to find that he had to punch yet more buttons , telling the system whether the voter was still undecided or not . "  Alright , I finally got through to somebody , " he said , appearing satisfied . "  Did you convince them ? " asked Gail , Brown 's wife . "  Well , " he said , lingering with reluctance , "  They 're still undecided . " At the end of the 13-minute ordeal , he stood up and issued his recommendation to the aide for a fourth time : "  If you can figure out how that can go automatically ... it could have gone a little faster , " Paul said . "  But also maybe your younger people who can see the phone are better at it than me , " he joked , drawing a laugh out of the aide while Paul grabbed his upper arm -- politician style -- to say goodbye . Paul , Horn and Brown drove about 20 minutes to the next stop in Concord , where they would phone-bank once again . This time , someone was on the other line for Paul 's first call .	Rand Paul was in New Hampshire for the fourth time since early last year . The state is a must-stop for presidential hopefuls . This time he was campaigning for other candidates in the state before the midterms . His day got off to a slow start with a phone-banking experience .
While the EU and the United States cheered a deal that world powers reached with Tehran over its nuclear ambitions , Israel was fierce in its criticism Sunday . "  What was concluded in Geneva last night is not a historic agreement , it 's a historic mistake , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told reporters . "  It 's not made the world a safer place . Like the agreement with North Korea in 2005 , this agreement has made the world a much more dangerous place . " "  For years the international community has demanded that Iran cease all uranium enrichment . Now , for the first time , the international community has formally consented that Iran continue its enrichment of uranium . " Washington said the changes called for in the agreement will make Iran less of a threat to Israel . "  We believe very strongly that because the Iranian nuclear program is actually set backwards and is actually locked into place in critical places , that that is better for Israel than if you were just continuing to go down the road and they rush towards a nuclear weapon , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN 's State of the Union . Netanyahu disagreed . The deal , Netanyahu argued , leaves Iran "  taking only cosmetic steps which it could reverse easily within a few weeks , and in return , sanctions that took years to put in place are going to be eased . " "  This first step could very well be the last step , " he said . "  Without continued pressure , what incentive does the Iranian regime have to take serious steps that actually dismantle its nuclear weapons capability ? " Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , said easing pressure will remove any motivation for Iran 's leaders to make difficult decisions . "  It 's like having a small hole in your tire , a small hole in the sanctions regime , " he said . "  In the end , like with your tire , you 'll get a flat . " Obama discusses deal with Netanyahu U.S. President Barack Obama tried to ease the close U.S. ally 's concerns on Sunday , calling Netanyahu to discuss the deal . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama focused on conveying a key point : The United States remains committed to closely consulting with Israel throughout the negotiations with Iran . The roughly 30-minute conversation between the two leaders was a "  useful discussion , " Earnest said . "  The President underscored that the United States will remain firm in our commitment to Israel , which has good reason to be skeptical about Iran 's intentions , " the White House said in a statement describing the phone call . Obama also stressed that the United States and Israel share a common goal , making sure Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon . Kerry : ` Very little relief ' for Iran Kerry argued that the deal will make Israel safer by freezing some Iranian nuclear development and removing its stockpile of uranium enriched to 20 % purity . And he said the sanctions part of the agreement is hardly a boost for Iran . "  There is very little relief . We are convinced over the next few months , we will really be able to put to the test what Iran 's intentions are , " Kerry told CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley . The deal says that the U.S. will provide $ 6 billion to $ 7 billion in sanction relief -- just a drop in the bucket compared to the roughly $ 100 billion in foreign exchange holdings that are inaccessible to Iran because of sanctions , the White House says . Iran insists its nuclear program is purely for civilian purposes , with no long-term goal of developing a nuclear weapons arsenal . But such assurances have n't quelled sharp skepticism from Israel . "  If in five years , a nuclear suitcase explodes in New York or Madrid , " said Naftali Bennett , the Israeli minister of trade and industry , "  it will be because of the agreement that was signed this morning . " Shimon Peres , Israel 's president , sounded a different note . "  This is an interim deal . The success or failure of the deal will be judged by results , not by words , " Peres said in a statement . "  I would like to say to the Iranian people : You are not our enemies , and we are not yours . There is a possibility to solve this issue diplomatically . It is in your hands . Reject terrorism . Stop the nuclear program . Stop the development of long-range missiles . Israel , like others in the international community , prefers a diplomatic solution . "  But I want to remind everyone of what President Obama said , and what I have personally heard from other leaders . The international community will not tolerate a nuclear Iran . And if the diplomatic path fails , the nuclear option will be prevented by other means . The alternative is far worse . " Spokesman : Israel reserves the right to defend itself To be sure , there is no love lost between Iran and Israel . Iran , which in the past has questioned Israel 's right to even exist , continues to push Israel 's buttons with incendiary statements . Israel , which says it has the most to lose if Iran develops a nuclear bomb , has repeatedly warned the West to tread warily when dealing with Tehran . So finding that their greatest ally , the United States , has struck an interim deal with Iran brought condemnation from Israeli lawmakers . "  Israel can not participate in the international celebration , which is based on Iranian deception and the world self-delusion , " said Yuval Steinitz , minister of strategic and intelligence affairs responsible for international relations , and a member of the Knesset . Lawmakers stopped short of saying whether Israel would go it alone militarily , if the need arose . But Israeli officials told CNN 's Ian Lee they would not rule out a strike against Iran -- and Netanyahu certainly did n't mince words . In a written statement , he said Israel "  is not obliged to the agreement . " "  The regime in Iran is dedicated to destroying Israel and Israel has the right and obligation to defend itself with its own forces against every threat , " he said . "  I want to make clear as the prime minister of Israel , Israel will not let Iran develop a nuclear military capability . " Israel bombed a reactor construction site in Iraq in 1981 . Asked by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer about the possibility of an Israeli airstrike on Iran 's nuclear facilities in the next six months , Netanyahu 's spokesman did n't rule out that option . "  We , of course , would like to see a diplomatic solution . We 'd like to see a peaceful dismantling of the Iranian nuclear program . If that can be achieved , that 's obviously preferable , " Regev said . "  But Israel always reserves the right ... to defend ourselves , by ourselves , against possible threats . " Israeli leaders ` sleep with one eye open ' It 's hard for most Americans to understand why all Israeli prime ministers are said to sleep with one eye open , said Aaron David Miller of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . He was a Middle East negotiator in Democratic and Republican administrations . America , he says , has "  nonpredatory neighbors to its north and south and fish to its east and west . " Israel , on the other hand , is a small Jewish state surrounded by antagonistic Muslim neighbors . "  I do n't think Iran wants nuclear weapons to launch a first strike against Israel . But it 's impossible to ignore , let alone trivialize , Israeli security concerns and vulnerabilities in this regard , particularly in the face of Iran 's rhetoric , regional ambitions and support for terrorism over the years , " he said . Indeed , the verbal attacks have been relentless . Even as the P5 +1 met in Geneva , Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei unleashed another volley last week in Tehran . Khamenei said Israeli officials "  can not be even called humans " and referred to Netanyahu as "  the rabid dog of the region . " When Iranian President Hassan Rouhani described the deal on Sunday , widows and children of slain Iranian nuclear scientists stood nearby as he addressed them in his speech . Iranian officials have long accused Israel of planting bombs under the scientists ' cars , and analysts have argued that 's a likely scenario . Israel generally refuses to comment on accusations and speculation . After one such attack killed an Iranian scientist last year , Israeli military spokesman Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai said in a Facebook post that he did n't know who 'd targeted the scientist . "  But I certainly did n't shed a tear , " he said . Once a ` honeymoon ' What is often forgotten in this tense relationship is that it was n't always this way . After the birth of the nation of Israel in 1948 , it and Iran enjoyed a "  honeymoon " that lasted until just before the 1979 Islamic revolution , David Menashri , professor emeritus of Tel Aviv University , told CNN last year . Israel 's ties with Iran were chiefly motivated by "  a single word with three letters -- O-I-L , " he said . But the Islamic revolution that overthrew the Shah of Iran marked a turning point . The Islamic Republic , led by Shiite clerics in the predominantly Shiite nation , saw Israel as an illegitimate state with no right to exist , certainly not amid Muslim nations . Despite harsh rhetoric , though , then-Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini "  did n't want to get into a confrontation with Israel , " said Ervand Abrahamian , a professor of Iranian and Middle Eastern history at Baruch College of the City University of New York . One reason : Israel and Iran had a common enemy in Iraq , a country that fought an eight-year war with Iran . Israel even supplied weapons to Iran to help it fight . In the years after the Iran-Iraq war , however , Israel began to regard Iran and its support of global terror as a chief threat . And it watched uneasily as Iran has gained influence in the Middle East since the first Gulf War began eroding Iraq 's power . Those concerns escalated when international inspectors found traces of highly enriched uranium at a power plant in Iran in 2003 . In the escalating conflict , the United States has always said , in the words of Obama last year , that it has "  Israel 's back . " "  The United States has no stake in concluding an agreement with Iran that leaves Israel angry , aggrieved and vulnerable . So , the two sides will find a way to work this through , " Miller said . "  But for now , buckle your seat belts . We could be in for one bumpy ride . " How to enrich uranium into fuel	White House : Israel "  has good reason to be skeptical about Iran 's intentions " The deal makes the world "  a much more dangerous place , " Netanyahu says "  You are not our enemies , " Israel 's president tells Iranian people Last week , Iran 's supreme leader said Israeli officials "  can not be even called humans "
CNN  -- London 's Metropolitan Police have praised the good behavior of Scotland fans during Sunday 's match against Brazil , despite claims by Brazilian striker Neymar that a banana was thrown at him as a form of racist abuse . Santos striker Neymar , 19 , scored both goals in Brazil 's 2-0 victory at the Emirates Stadium , the home of English Premier League side Arsenal . But the Brazilian attacker later revealed that he was subjected to racist taunts from Scottish spectators , which culminated in the banana-throwing incident . However , the police confirmed they had received no complaints about any form of racism being displayed during the match on Monday . Will Neymar win 2014 World Cup for Brazil ? Match commander , Chief Inspector Mark Shearan , issued an official press release which read : "  The Scottish supporters who travelled down to the game in their numbers were friendly and good-natured , colourful and supportive of their team . "  There were six arrests at the match -- of which only two were definitely Scottish supporters and were drink-related . This figure must be the seen in the context of a 53,000 strong crowd . " After his two-goal winning performance , Neymar had earlier claimed to Brazilian media that he had been the subject of racist abuse : "  This atmosphere of racism is totally sad . "  They were jeering me a lot , even when I was about to kick the penalty the entire stadium was jeering . "  We leave our country to play here and something like this happens . It 's sad . I would rather not even talk about it , to keep the subject from escalating . " Neymar 's teammate Lucas Leiva , who plays in England for Liverpool and removed the banana from the pitch , added : "  There is no more space for racism in the world . "  Europe is where it happens the most . That has to change , everybody is equal today and it 's a matter of respect . " The Scottish Football Association  SFA  , in a statement on their official website , denied the claims from Neymar . "  There was no evidence of such instances but the Scotland supporters have confirmed they booed the player for perceived unsporting behaviour during the match . "  The tens of thousands of Scotland fans who travelled to London were , in fact , commended for creating a carnival atmosphere not just inside the stadium but across the city throughout the weekend . "  The Scottish FA has contacted the Brazilian Football Federation and the match organisers , Kentaro , to inform them of our information and of our supporters ' unhappiness at the unfounded accusations , " the statement read .	London Police praise behavior of Scotland fans during the match against Brazil Police reveal they have received no racism complaints from Sunday 's game Two-goal striker Neymar told media that a banana was thrown at him during game
Brittany Maynard says she has n't decided yet when she 'll end her life , but it 's a decision she 's still determined to make . "  I still feel good enough and I still have enough joy and I still laugh and smile with my family and friends enough that it does n't seem like the right time right now , " Maynard says in a video released to CNN on Wednesday . "  But it will come , because I feel myself getting sicker . It 's happening each week . " Maynard says she has stage IV glioblastoma multiforme , an aggressive form of terminal brain cancer . In April , she says , doctors gave her six months to live . The 29-year-old Oregon woman 's story spread rapidly on social media after she revealed her plans to take medication to end her life . A video explaining her choice has garnered more than 8.8 million views on YouTube . And she 's become a prominent spokeswoman for the "  death with dignity " movement , which advocates that terminally ill patients be allowed to receive medication that will let them die on their own terms . She 's also become a lightning rod for criticism from people who oppose that approach . In her latest statement , a nearly six-minute video produced and released by end-of-life choice advocacy group Compassion & Choices , Maynard acknowledges that some have been skeptical about her story . "  When people criticize me for not waiting longer , or , you know , whatever they 've decided is best for me , it hurts , " she says , "  because really , I risk it every day , every day that I wake up . " Compassion & Choices spokesman Sean Crowley declined CNN 's request to speak with Maynard 's doctors , saying they "  prefer to remain anonymous for now because opponents of death with dignity sometimes harass doctors who write aid-in-dying prescriptions . " Maynard says her health has been getting worse . She describes a recent "  terrifying " day when she had two seizures and found herself unable to say her husband 's name . "  I think sometimes people look at me and they think . ` Well you do n't look as sick as you say you are , ' which hurts to hear , because when I 'm having a seizure and I ca n't speak afterwards , I certainly feel as sick as I am , " she says , her voice cracking as she tears up . When she first started speaking out about her decision , Maynard said she planned to take the medication she 'd been prescribed in early November . In her latest video , she says she 's still waiting to see how her symptoms progress before deciding on a date . But taking too long to make that choice is now one of her greatest fears , Maynard says in the video . "  The worst thing that could happen to me is that I wait too long because I 'm trying to seize each day , " she says , "  but I somehow have my autonomy taken away from me by my disease because of the nature of my cancer . " National campaign Compassion & Choices says the latest video , which was recorded on October 13 and 14 , is part of a campaign "  to expand access to death with dignity in California and other states nationwide . " Maynard was living in California when doctors diagnosed her with brain cancer . "  We had to uproot from California to Oregon , because Oregon is one of only five states where death with dignity is authorized , " she said in an opinion column she wrote for CNN earlier this month . Oregon , Washington and Vermont have "  death with dignity " laws that allow terminally ill , mentally competent residents to voluntarily request and receive prescription drugs to hasten their death . Judicial decisions in Montana and New Mexico authorize doctors to prescribe fatal drug doses in such circumstances , although the rulings have n't become state law . Now , changing that has become part of Maynard 's mission . "  My goal , of course , is to influence this policy for positive change . And I would like to see all Americans have access to the same health care rights , " she says in her latest video . But she says she 's also focused on simpler goals . "  They mostly do boil down to my family and friends and making sure they all know how important they are to me and how much I love them , " she says . Family supports her decision The video also includes statements from Maynard 's family . Her mother , Debbie Ziegler , says she supports her daughter . "  It 's not my job to tell her how to live , and it 's not my job to tell her how to die , " she says . "  It 's my job to love her through it . " Her husband , Dan Diaz , says they 're taking things day by day . "  That 's the only way to get through this . You take away all of the material stuff , all the nonsense that we all seem to latch onto as a society , " he says , "  and you realize that those moments are really what matter . " Last week , Maynard visited the Grand Canyon -- a trip she described as the last item on her bucket list . Photos on her website showed her and her husband standing on the edge of the canyon , hugging and kissing . In the video , Maynard says she 's hoping her mother and husband will be able to bounce back after her death . "  I understand everyone needs to grieve , but I want him to be happy , so I want him to have a family , " she says . "  And I know that might sound weird , but there 's no part of me that wants him to live out the rest of his life just missing his wife , so I hope he moves on and becomes a father . " Debate over ` death with dignity ' The so-called "  death with dignity " movement is opposed by many religious and right-to-life groups , which consider it assisted suicide . And Maynard 's decision has drawn criticism from some religious leaders . "  We believe she 's made in the image of God , we believe that God determined when she would be born and God should determine when she 's going to die , " Dave Watson , pastor of Calvary Chapel of Staten Island , told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin earlier this month . "  I certainly sympathize . And when I read the story , I prayed for the woman and her family . I ca n't imagine the agony for a decision like this . But I do n't think that necessarily we 're saying the right things about death . " What if Maynard had showed a gun in her video , instead of a pill bottle , he asked . Philip Johnson , a Catholic seminarian who says he was also diagnosed with incurable brain cancer , criticized Maynard 's choice . "  A diagnosis of terminal cancer uproots one 's whole life , and the decision to pursue physician-assisted suicide seeks to grasp at an ounce of control in the midst of turmoil , " he wrote in a column posted on the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh 's website . "  It is an understandable temptation to take this course of action , but that is all that it is -- a temptation to avoid an important reality of life . " But polls have shown that most Americans support having a say in how they die , especially if the process is described not as doctors helping a patient "  commit suicide " but as ending a patient 's life "  by some painless means . " "  I think there is something of a movement here , " Arthur Caplan , professor of bioethics at NYU 's Langone Medical Center , told CNN 's Don Lemon earlier this month . "  When you push Americans to say , ` Do you want choice on this matter ? ' I think a lot of them are going to say yes . " Caplan said Maynard 's first video speaking out about her decision raised some concerns . "  I would n't want her to feel pressure that she had to do it because she just told us all she was going to , " he said . Maynard has stressed that she is n't suicidal . "  If all my dreams came true , I would somehow survive this , " she says in her latest video , "  but most likely , I wo n't . "	Brittany Maynard says she has terminal brain cancer The 29-year-old plans to take medication to end her life In a new video , she says it is n't the right time yet But waiting too long is "  the worst thing that could happen , " she says
CNN  -- Comic book fans are n't the only ones expected to assemble in theaters Friday . Judging by its early international box office take , "  The Avengers " -- the superhero equivalent of a musical supergroup -- should blow away the competition , kicking off the summer movie season as a hit with a wide spectrum of moviegoers . Early tracking estimates see it as possibly beating "  The Dark Knight 's " then-record opening weekend from 2008 , which "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 " overtook last summer . Not to be outdone , the final chapter in the Batman trilogy , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " also has high expectations of its own to meet on July 20 .  "  Rises " is from Warner Bros. . Pictures , and the Batman character is part of DC Comics . They are both owned by Time Warner , also CNN 's parent company . Compared with these two superheroes , "  Spider-Man 3 " is practically ancient history . It too set a box-office record in 2007 for biggest opening weekend . Sony Pictures hopes to recapture some of that magic with the release of "  The Amazing Spider-Man " reboot on July 3 , a holiday weekend . The upcoming trio of films is a far cry from recent years when movies such as "  Iron Man " and "  Green Lantern " took a chance by introducing lesser-known superheroes on the big screen with very different results . This summer the question is not , "  Will superhero movies be big , " but "  How big will they be ? " You can hardly ask for safer bets than Spidey , Batman and a powerhouse superhero team . So will this be the moment that superhero movies reach their peak of popularity ? "  This summer will blow 2008  the year of ` Iron Man ' and ` The Dark Knight '  out of the water , " predicted Bill Ramey of Batman-on-film . com . "  It might have it beat ,  even  if only ` Rises ' was being released . " Author and professor Van Plexico , speaking from the viewpoint of the fan of "  The Avengers "  he runs AvengersAssemble.net  , agrees . "  There 's no doubt that with so many epic franchises all rolling out this year , guys in capes -- and webs -- will be hauling in a lot of loot at the box office . It 's just inevitable . No wonder Superman wisely held off till next year . " At the same time , each of these movies faces the challenge of potentially not living up to expectations . "  At this point , my only fear is that the hype  around ` The Avengers '  will prove to be too much , and people 's expectations will rise too far for the movie to possibly meet them , no matter how good it is , " Plexico said . Gitesh Pandya of Boxofficeguru.com said : " ' The Avengers ' has that challenge of going beyond the superhero crowd and to a more mainstream action crowd , but it seems to me that they have successfully done that . Excitement seems to be there among all groups and around the world . I see ` The Avengers ' breaking the $ 1 billion mark at the worldwide box office . " As for "  Rises , " Ramey voiced one simple fact of life when it comes to movie franchises : "  How many third films in a series have been good ? "  Even so , he said he thinks the new Batman movie has the potential to be better than the last one , which is often credited for the expansion of the Academy Awards ' best picture category to 10 films . " ` The Dark Knight Rises ' will have to enter the marketplace without the Heath Ledger factor , " Pandaya said , referring to the star 's death before the release of "  The Dark Knight . " "  However , the last film was so well-loved that the new film will benefit from those coattails . " If anything , the "  Spider-Man " reboot , with its new cast and creative team , including Andrew Garfield in the title role , seems to have the most challenges of them all . "  It 's only been five years since the previous trilogy ended , but if they make a solid film , then people will come and the movie could last , " Pandya said . Plexico added , " ` The Amazing Spider-Man ' must hit a home run , to justify the series reboot so very soon after the previous trio of Spidey films . " Not that Sony is sweating it too much : It has already hired hotshot screenwriters Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman to pen a new Spidey sequel . One does n't have to be a genius to guess that not only will there be many more superhero films in the future , but also this summer wo n't be the last moviegoers see of the Avengers and Batman on the big screen  not to mention the individual Avengers -- "  Thor 2 , " "  Iron Man 3 " and "  Captain America 2 " -- which are already in the works . "  The genre has been popular for decades and is here to stay , " Pandya said . "  The main factor will be for studios to release the right number of comic films each year and to not overdo it as any genre can be hurt by an overabundance of product . I think the marketplace can handle three to four superhero films per year . " Share your "  Avengers " review But can Hollywood live on a few main superhero characters alone ? The chances of a "  Green Lantern " sequel look slimmer with each passing day , "  Wonder Woman " plans fell through several years ago , and it 's anyone 's guess as to how next year 's Superman reboot , "  Man of Steel , " will be received . What about that DC Comics ' "  Justice League of America " film  which , if not for a 2008 writers ' strike , might well have beaten Marvel 's "  The Avengers " to the screen by a good many years  ? One person who had something to say about that possibility was "  The Avengers " writer/director Joss Whedon  who once tried his hand at "  Wonder Woman "  , at a recent press conference . "  DC has a harder time of it than Marvel because their characters are  from  an old , a bygone era , where characters were bigger than we were , " he said . "  And ... they 've amended that , but Marvel really cracked the code in terms of ` they 're just like us . ' So a dose of that sort of veracity that Marvel really started with ` Iron Man , ' I think you should use that as your base . " Whedon pointed to 2002 's "  Spider-Man " as a model of a successful superhero film by staying true to the comic while also being entertaining as a movie . Plexico had a few ideas for the next big superhero on the screen , even if "  Justice League of America " does n't pan out . "  I think the Flash  from DC  has the potential to be a big hit , given his rogues ' gallery and great years of history to work with , " he said . "  For Marvel , Moon Knight could be their ` Dark Knight , ' at least to a degree . And it would be great to see their ` cosmic ' characters break loose on film -- Captain Marvel , Nova , Ms. Marvel and so on . " No matter what Hollywood comes up with next -- there are still rumors of an "  Ant Man " film out there and a reboot of "  Fantastic Four " -- fans know that after this summer the movie studios will keep trying to assemble the right elements for a superhero blockbuster .	Hollywood bringing back box-office juggernauts Iron Man , Batman and Spider-Man 2012 may be a peak year for superheroes on film , with much more to come Writer-director : DC Comics characters often face more challenges than Marvel ' "  The genre has been popular for decades and is here to stay , " Boxofficeguru.com editor says
CNN  -- The world of fashion responded to Japan 's March earthquake , like many other industries , with the desire to help its victims . Japanese clothing companies and fashion magazines mobilized charity campaigns and donated clothes to people in the stricken area . Lady Gaga even designed a special bracelet that raised over $ 250,000 for the relief effort . Personal shopping habits and even styles in Japan were also affected by the tragedy , but not necessarily in a negative way . "  It is not our impression that people refrained from buying or wearing colorful clothing  after the earthquake in March  , " said Mitsuko Watanabe , editor of Vogue Japan . "  On the contrary , some deliberately chose bright colors to retain a positive attitude and give themselves and others a lift , " she added . In cities far from where the tsunami hit , the immediate period after saw fashion stores close their doors to shoppers , adverts pulled from public places and sales of luxury brands drop . However , by May sales for many luxury goods had risen above pre-disaster levels , according to Watanabe , especially for items that transcended fashion , namely engagement and wedding rings . "  In times of crisis , people gain a fresh appreciation of what is really important in their lives . "  These trends are a good indication of how people are seeking peace of mind , stability , and steadiness under the unsettling and uncertain circumstances , " she said . For those who did n't get the urge to marry , simple retail therapy was another response to the disaster . According to a survey by Asian trend and innovation agency Five by Fifty , 58 % of consumers in the big city areas of Osaka and Tokyo continued shopping for clothes and fashion as normal after the earthquake . Of the 40 % of people surveyed who admitted to reining in their clothes shopping , the main reason was personal finance rather than self-restraint or a sense of solidarity with the victims in the Tohoku region . "  People did pull back somewhat immediately after  the disaster  , but shopping did n't stop and they were buying items that were less obvious , like fragrances , " said Nicole Fall , director of trends for Five by Fifty . "  The perfume market for Japan is traditionally small compared to Europe , but it spiked after the earthquake . It was something that could be enjoyed without being conspicuous or risk of being seen to come out of store carrying lots of shopping bags . " Japan 's annual summer program of "  setsuden "  energy-saving  was given extra significance this year with the nuclear crisis at Fukushima and reduced power supply . It also meant some fashion brands recast their marketing strategies . Fast fashion label Uniqlo brought out its "  Heattech " line of insulating clothing at the end of July to tap into people 's desire to cut back on heating bills and use less energy . Now , six months since the earthquake , big-city consumer habits are back to normal and representative of a larger trend , suggests Fall . "  People have n't deliberately made a stand  through their shopping habits  . If anything the earthquake has just amplified the feelings before it , which were generally representative of post-consumerism . Young people often feel they ca n't afford things and people look for more from a purchase , as well as being savvy enough to look online . " Watanabe echoes the sentiment that Japanese consumers are more selective in their fashion purchases . "  If there was any change of this nature , it seems to lie ... in a stronger inclination to select articles they will continue to be fond of long into the future , " she said . Watanabe also hopes that this year 's "  Fashion 's Night Out " -- an evening of shopping and events on November 5 -- will give Japan 's fashion industry a boost and reinforce the way the fashion can give back to the community . Vogue 's editor in chief Anna Wintour and other regional editors of Vogue will attend as a show of solidarity . "  Fashion should make a more important contribution for social and economic good in what is a critical situation , " said Watanabe .	Sales of wedding rings went up in Japan after the tsunami in March Vogue Japan Editor says people looking for more meaning from purchases Trend analyst suggests disaster only reinforced consumer trends Sales of perfume also went up post-earthquake as they are an inconspicuous purchase
CNN  -- Travelers planning to attend the 2014 World Cup in Brazil better get cracking on their accommodation bookings . Organizers from FIFA and tournament sponsors have already started making mass hotel bookings for next summer , and private home owners in Brazil have responded , renting out apartments for the World Cup period , according to the Rio Times . Although projected numbers vary , approximately 600,000 foreign visitors and 3 million domestic tourists are expected to travel to or within Brazil for the World Cup . A large percentage of those travelers are expected to be looking for alternative accommodations , such as private homes , bed and breakfasts and hostels . According to the Brazilian daily , some four-room penthouses in Ipanema are asking $ 150,000 for one month 's rental . A studio apartment in Copacabana is being rented out at $ 7,000 for four weeks , while a villa is using the deposit from a booking already made for next summer to renovate the house for more such rentals . Hotel infrastructure for Brazil 's most anticipated mega-event has been a concern , but the local hotel industry says it 's confident it will be ready to face the onslaught of tourists . The city also plans to berth six cruise ships as tourist accommodation . Marcelo Rocha e Silva Zorovich , a visiting researcher at the University of Miami , told the Los Angeles Times last month that providing enough hotel rooms for the event was a big concern . "  We 'll make it to the Cup but the infrastructure wo n't be ready , " Zorovich said . According to the Times , Rio is planning to construct around 22,000 new rooms , but experts are skeptical that number will be reached in time .	Organizers and sponsors have completed bulk hotel reservations for World Cup 2014 in Brazil Alternative accommodation options are on the rise in Rio An Ipanema penthouse will rent for $ 150,000 for one month during World Cup period
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sharon Osbourne 's claim that she has information that would help Michael Jackson 's mother and children in their wrongful death lawsuit against a concert promoter has landed the TV host/reality star on the trial 's witness list . Osbourne made her revelation on Tuesday 's "  The Talk , " the same day jury selection began in the trial to decide if concert promoter AEG Live executives played a role in Jackson 's death in the negligent hiring of Dr. Conrad Murray . "  There were certain people that worked at that company that knew that Michael Jackson was not well and did n't care because it was business , " Osbourne said . "  And at the end of the day , whether he performed or he did n't , they would still make money , and I 've had conversations with certain people at that company who have said exactly that to me . " Conrad Murray from jail : ' I was in the wrong place at the wrong time ' Osbourne then suggested she could be a witness in the Los Angeles trial . "  If they would like me to go to court , the Jackson family , I will stand up and tell you who said that to me . " Jackson lawyers noticed her comments and added Osbourne to their witness list Wednesday . AEG Live 's lawyers argue that Jackson -- not the promoter -- chose and hired Murray to be his personal physician as he prepared for his "  This Is It " comeback concerts . The Jackson lawsuit contends that the doctor was an AEG Live employee when Jackson died . The coroner ruled that Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by a lethal combination of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic Propofol , which Murray used to treat the singer 's insomnia . Osbourne , 60 , is a co-host on the CBS daytime show "  The Talk " and the wife of heavy metal rocker Ozzy Osbourne . Michael Jackson tribute belt cleared for sale	"  Certain people " at AEG knew that Michael Jackson was not well and did n't care , she says Sharon Osbourne made her revelation on Tuesday 's "  The Talk " "  I will stand up and tell you who said that to me , " Osbourne says Lawsuit accuses AEG Live of liability in Jackson 's death
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The Philippines said Wednesday that its largest naval vessel is engaged in a standoff with two Chinese maritime surveillance ships in a remote lagoon in the South China Sea . The Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs said the country 's navy had sent the BRP Gregorio del Pilar , a 378-foot cutter , to the area of Scarborough Shoal on Sunday after surveillance aircraft spotted eight Chinese fishing boats anchored inside the lagoon . China and the Philippines both claim that Scarborough Shoal , about 200 kilometers west of the Philippine mainland , is "  an integral part " of their territory . A boarding team from the Gregorio del Pilar went to inspect the Chinese fishing boats Tuesday morning and found "  large amounts of illegally collected corals , giant clams and live sharks " inside one of the boats , the Department of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . Later Tuesday , the Gregorio del Pilar reported that the two Chinese surveillance ships had arrived and taken up a position at the mouth of the lagoon , blocking the way to the fishing boats and "  preventing the arrest " of the fishermen . The situation remained the same Wednesday morning , the Philippine statement said . The Philippine foreign minister , Albert Del Rosario , is seeking a "  diplomatic solution " to the situation with China , the statement said . The Chinese Embassy in Manila has complained to the Philippine authorities about "  the harassment of Chinese fishermen , " China 's official news agency reported Wednesday . China has "  urged the Philippine side to stop immediately their illegal activities and leave the area , " Xinhua reported , saying that the fishermen were taking shelter in the lagoon "  due to harsh weather conditions . " The embassy is "  still engaged in discussions with the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs to seek a solution " and maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea , Xinhua said . The South China Sea -- a 1.3 million square mile patch of the Pacific Ocean bracketed by China and several Southeast Asian nations -- is dotted with hundreds of largely uninhabited islands and coral atolls that are home to some of the world 's most diverse marine life . Also under its waves lie potentially huge reserves of natural gas and oil . That prospect has peppered the sea with competing claims from China , Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan . It has also resulted in frequent small-scale clashes . Last year , a spate of incidents took place between Chinese and Vietnamese vessels . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	The Philippines sends a naval vessel to a lagoon in the South China Sea It says Chinese fishing boats in the lagoon had illegally collected corals and fish Chinese surveillance ships arrive at the scene and block the entry to the lagoon Both countries claim the area is "  an integral part " of their territory
Washington  CNN  -- Sharon Ilstrup was looking forward to a very special date night with her husband , Blake -- a chance to attend one of the Inaugural balls with the president and the first lady . But a mistake by Ticketmaster -- the online sales agent tasked with managing the ticketing process -- led to the early release of all of the tickets to the Inaugural balls and the Inaugural parade , derailing the plans for Ilstrup and thousands of other couples . " -LSB- We -RSB- just very excited about the possibility of going to the official Inaugural ball , " said Ilstrup , 48 , whose family of four is traveling across the country from Seattle to Washington for President Barack Obama 's second Inauguration . "  We were planning to rent a tux and gown . " It started on Sunday when Ilstrup received an e-mail from Juliana Smoot , the co-chair of the 2013 Presidential Inaugural Committee . The e-mail said that tickets with a unique link would be sent out the next day with access information to purchase the $ 60-a-piece tickets Inaugural ball tickets on a first-come , first-serve basis . The login allowed people to purchase tickets to the parade as well . "  I was all ready , " Ilstrup said , "  I was going to stay home -LSB- the next day -RSB- . ... I would just get on the computer and jump on it . " So when she saw another e-mail come in later that day explaining that tickets were available , she did n't think much of it . But Ilstrup checked the e-mail later and realized that it contained a password and link to purchase the Inaugural ball tickets . "  I tried the Ticketmaster link on Sunday and got an error message . When I finally got in , it showed that both the parade and ball were sold out . Then it showed just the ball . Then just the parade . " "  It was as if the -LSB- Presidential Inaugural Committee -RSB- was online scrambling to fix the issue . I tried again later and was blocked . My code and password no longer worked , " she explained . Civil rights leader 's widow to give invocation at Obama 's inauguration A third e-mail , this time from Ticketmaster , sent out later Sunday night explained the mix-up : "  Public tickets to these events were originally scheduled to go on sale tomorrow morning -- you received the e-mail tonight in error , and Ticketmaster takes responsibility for this mistake , " the message said . Ilstrup was n't the only person upset by the glitch . The Presidential Inaugural Committee Facebook page was lit up by people upset , angry and confused . Some even thought it was a conspiracy to get tickets to a select group of attendees . "  Agree that -LSB- Ticketmaster -RSB- and -LSB- Presidential Inaugural Committee -RSB- certainly knew . It seems likely that such a sophomoric ` mistake ' was planned by someone and those tickets will be seen on the black market soon , " Kathleen Falconer-Finnegan wrote on the Presidential Inaugural Committee 's Facebook page . "  I think that the PIC and TM should cancel all tickets sold before the scheduled time and start over . This is the only honest thing to do and certainly possible given the event is more than 2 weeks away ... " "  Kimberly W " from Atlanta started a petition on the White House website to , "  Add another public Inaugural Ball or have the erroneous Ticketmaster Ball ticket sales voided . " The petition has received seven signatures -- just 24,993 short of the threshold needed for the White House to address the issue . Chief Justice Roberts to get another go at oath A Presidential Inaugural Committee spokesperson revealed later that the e-mail containing the access information was supposed to be a test , but was instead sent as the live e-mail . "  On Sunday evening , Ticketmaster experienced a technical error that inadvertently caused an e-mail to go out ahead of schedule to people who had signed up for Inaugural ticketing information with an invitation to purchase public tickets for The Inaugural Ball and the Inaugural Parade , " the spokesperson said . "  The Ticketmaster website was overwhelmed , slowing the purchasing process . Ticketmaster has taken responsibility for this mistake . " But the e-mail explaining the mix-up is was little solace to Ilstrup who thinks that the tickets should be null and void and the process begun again , anew . "  You show up at the start time ready to go and its fair game , " Ilstrup said . "  Its not a fair game when some people were able to show up to the race start a day early and win . " A PIC spokeswoman said that the Presidential Inaugural Committee would honor the sold-out tickets to the Inaugural parade and the ball . The website explains now that due to an overwhelming demand , no more tickets are available . And while the Ilstrups , who are Obama supporters , are disappointed that they wo n't get their night on the town , their visit , which is meant to be an educational experience for their children -- Alec , 14 and Anna , 11 -- wo n't be a complete loss . The family previously secured tickets to the Inauguration through their local Member of Congress . Still , shut out of the balls means that a special date night is now all but out of reach . "  The good news is , you can now go on eBay and purchase tickets to the ball for $ 6,500 , " Ilstrup joked . Indeed , individual tickets and bundled tickets to the official Inaugural ball have been going for thousands of dollars on both eBay and Craigslist . But PIC spokeswoman Addie Whisenant told CNN that "  Tickets to official Inaugural events may not be sold , resold or offered for resale in any manner unless expressly authorized by the Presidential Inaugural Committee  PIC  . Tickets may be revoked at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of the PIC . " She added that the inauguration committee is reaching out to ticket brokers and online distributors to seek the "  nullification of those tickets " sold through unauthorized outlets .	Ticketmaster was supposed to distribute tickets to the Inaugural balls and parade They mistakenly released the tickets early , and they were sold out when most of the public went looking for them Thousands were shut out , upset at the snafu The Presidential Inaugural Committee said no more tickets are available
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility Thursday for a series of bombings a day earlier that left dozens dead , primarily Shiite Muslims gathering for a revered religious mourning period . At least 31 people were killed and 68 wounded in the blasts Wednesday that came amid heightened security over the Shiite observance , which has been targeted in recent years by extremists . Read more : Pakistani Taliban threaten India after execution of Mumbai attacker The attacks also came as leaders of Muslim nations gathered in Islamabad for the Thursday start of an economic summit of the Developing 8 or D-8 . Of the blasts , the deadliest was in Rawalpindi where a suicide bomber joined a Shiite processional , police official Shahid Hussain said . At least 23 people were killed and 35 wounded in the explosion , he said . Pakistan Taliban spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan claimed responsibility for the attacks in Rawalpindi , Karachi and Shangla . In Karachi , at least two were killed and one wounded in a double-bombing that targeted a Shiite community center , a police official said . Read more : Read more : Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? In northern Pakistan 's Shangla , at least one person was killed and four wounded when a blast targeted a police vehicle , officials said . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for a blast in Quetta that also appeared to target Shiites . At least five people were killed and 28 wounded when a bomb detonated in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood , said Wazir Khan Nasar , a police official . Ihsan said the Pakistan Taliban targeted Shiites taking part in mourning observances because they believe it denigrates the Prophet Mohammed . The Taliban attacks came during the holy month of Muharram , which culminates Saturday with the height of the mourning period . The Shiite observance commemorates the death of the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson , who was killed in the Battle of Karbala in 680 AD . The battle and subsequent death of Imam Hussein caused the split between Shiite and Sunni Muslims .	At least 31 people are killed in bomb blasts across Pakistan , police say Police : The deadliest blast killed 23 people in Rawalpindi The bombings primarily target Shiites participating in religious observances The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility for three blasts
CNET  -- Three state attorneys general were scheduled to meet with Craigslist representatives to begin negotiations toward eliminating advertisements from the site for prostitution and other suspected illegal sexual activities . Philip H. Markoff is suspected of killing a 25-year-old masseuse he met through Craigslist at a Boston hotel . State attorneys general from Missouri , Illinois , and Connecticut were to represent a group of state attorneys general in a meeting Tuesday in New York City with representatives of the Web site . Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster said his office found several ads offering and seeking prostitution on Craigslist pages for the Kansas City , St. Louis , Columbia/Jefferson City , and Springfield areas . "  Craigslist is allowing advertisements for illegal activities like prostitution on its site , " Koster said a statement . "  It is blatant . It is irresponsible . It is illegal . " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster expressed optimism toward the goal of reducing illegal activity on the site but stopped short of discussing the removal of the "  erotic services " section . "  Craigslist looks forward to meeting with the attorneys general , and anticipates making further progress toward the common goal of eliminating illegal activity from Craigslist , while preserving its full utility and benefit for tens of millions of law-abiding Americans who value and depend on Craigslist 's free local community services in their everyday lives , " Buckmaster said in a statement . The site 's erotic services section was thrust into the national spotlight following the arrest last month of Philip H. Markoff , who is suspected of killing a 25-year-old masseuse he met through Craigslist at a Boston hotel . Markoff , a 22-year-old medical student at Boston University , was charged with murder , unlawful possession of a firearm , and kidnapping . He is also suspected of attacks on two other escorts at hotels . However , even before the so-called "  Craigslist killing , " the site had worked with a group of 40 attorneys general to create new measures on the site designed to thwart ads for prostitution and other illegal sexual activities . Craigslist requires anyone posting ads to the erotic services section to submit an operational phone number and credit card , the site announced last year . But those measures do n't do enough to stem prostitution , according to a federal lawsuit filed in March against Craigslist by the sheriff of Illinois ' Cook County , alleging that the Web 's largest classifieds publication is "  facilitating prostitution . " Sheriff Tom Dart asked the court to force Craigslist to remove the erotic services section and for $ 100,000 in compensation for the man-hours the county paid police to investigate alleged criminal services being advertised on the site . Buckmaster suggested at the time that the suit was a waste of time , saying that "  Craigslist can not be held liable , as a matter of clear federal law , for content submitted to the site by our users . " Craigslist announced later that month that ads for such services were down 90 percent to 95 percent during the past 12 months on Craigslist sites that serve five major U.S. cities . However , many CNET News readers suggested that the reduction was due to the ads being relabeled and moved to another section . While some portray Craigslist as the world 's largest bordello , workers in the sex trade say the site helps reduce the risk of violence prostitutes often face . "  Craigslist is important to helping us avoid violence , " a 35-year-old sex worker in San Francisco told CNET News last month before the murder in Boston occurred . "  Craigslist is a way to filter out that kind of person ... and with Craigslist there is no need for pimps . "  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Craigslist has been under fire over its listings for suspected illegal sexual activities Three state attorneys general plan to meet with Craigslist representatives Tuesday Two sides are expected to discuss eliminating ads for prostitution from the site Philip Markoff is suspected of killing a masseuse he met through Craigslist
CNN  -- Scientists look at a warming Arctic and see a shift from white to green , as tundra gives way to new plant life . Governments and corporations are also seeing green , as receding ice cover opens new shipping routes and opportunities to get at long-hidden natural resources . But the downside of those opportunities is the risk that the current pace of climate change could be sped up dramatically by the release of long-trapped methane gas in the region 's permafrost -- a risk to which a new study has attached an eye-popping price tag of $ 60 trillion in the next several decades , on top of previous estimates . That 's trillion , with a "  T , " a figure rivaling the entire globe 's economic output in 2012 . And it 's a tab that 's far more likely to be paid by people living in the latitudes far below the Arctic Circle , said Gail Whiteman , a researcher at Erasmus University in the Netherlands . The developing nations of Asia and Africa face more risk of bigger storms , worse flooding and more intense droughts , she said . "  It will have gains for some countries , " Whiteman told CNN . "  But as we can see , if 80 % of the impacts are going to be borne by developing regions , they 're not getting any of the benefits . " Scientists have long worried that thawing the permafrost soil of the high northern latitudes could release large quantities of methane , a greenhouse gas far more potent than carbon dioxide . U.S. and Russian scientists who study the region say methane has already started bubbling up from the floor of the East Siberian Sea -- a region believed to hold to 50 billion tons of the gas . "  Everybody should be trying to pay attention to the shifts that are happening in the Arctic , and not just leave that up to the Arctic countries and not just to some crazy researchers that are in that beautiful white space , " Whiteman said . "  We all need to pay attention to what 's happening , because the Arctic is the canary in the coal mine . " Using a British computer model , Whiteman and two scientists at Britain 's Cambridge University estimated what would happen if the store of methane currently locked into the East Siberian Arctic Shelf were released over a 10-year period , without any other reductions in carbon emissions . The results , published Wednesday in the scientific journal Nature , indicated that global average temperatures could hit 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 Fahrenheit  over pre-industrial levels by 2035 -- 15 years earlier than currently predicted . Even if other emissions were limited , the 2-degree mark would still be reached by about 2040 , they wrote . The same model had previously computed the costs of climate change at $ 400 trillion by 2200 . Adding a decade-long rush of methane to the atmosphere would boost that by $ 60 trillion , mostly between 2050 and 2075 , said Chris Hope , a modeling expert at Cambridge 's Judge Business School . Even a slower release , dampened by other cuts in emissions , could cost $ 37 trillion -- a figure that dwarfs the $ 100 billion that Lloyds of London estimates will be invested in the Arctic over the next decade . The model includes the estimated effects of human health impacts and sea-level rise . Richer countries are better able to adapt to those changing conditions , but developing countries "  will suffer most of the extra impact , " Hope said . And while the brunt of the damage will be inflicted closer to the Equator , Northern Hemisphere nations are n't likely to escape unscathed . "  Mid-latitude economies such as those in Europe and the United States could be threatened , for example , by a suggested link between sea-ice retreat and the strength and position of the jet stream , bringing extreme winter and spring weather , " the paper states . Cambridge ocean physicist Peter Wadhams said receding sea ice cover in the Arctic has allowed summer temperatures in the East Siberian Sea to rise several degrees above freezing . "  Up to now , you 've had offshore permafrost , which is a relic of the last ice age . And that 's only been kept in place by the fact that the water is roundabout the freezing point , " Wadhams said . But as the water over it warms , that permafrost has been thawing -- "  and what 's been released from it have been huge plumes of methane gas . " How much methane is being released is still under study , Wadhams said . But atmospheric methane levels rose about 1 % last year , and "  We think that the source is primarily this offshore methane plume from the Siberian sea , " he said . While the idea of long-term , human-generated climate change is a controversial notion politically , it 's accepted as fact by most researchers . Global average temperatures are up about 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit  0.8 degrees Celsius  since the 1880s , according to NASA . The concentration of heat-trapping carbon dioxide hit a concentration unseen since prehistoric times at the benchmark Mauna Loa observatory in May , and scientists reported in November that the ice sheets covering Greenland and Antarctica were losing mass at an accelerating rate . Researchers ca n't pin any particular storm on climate change , but say the warming of the air and oceans "  loads the dice " in favor of more extreme weather . Whiteman said she hopes putting a price tag on one facet of the issue will spur debate and new action . The authors urged the World Economic Forum to support development of new economic models and press world leaders "  to consider the economic time bomb beyond short-term gains from shipping and extraction . " "  We need to get our act together globally , and if we ca n't do it globally , we need to do it more regionally , " she said . And she said there may be opportunities for business , such as finding ways to capture the methane -- it 's natural gas , after all . "  The story is not doom and gloom , " she said . "  We 're hoping that we can use this to kick-start some innovative discussions . " CNN 's Ralitsa Vassileva and Tashiana Osborne and CNNMoney 's Steve Hargreaves contributed to this report .	Methane from Siberian permafrost could speed warming , raise costs Economic models say that additional tab could hit $ 60 trillion The gas is more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat The study is a warning but "  not doom and gloom , " author says
CNN  -- The fiancee of Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber lived on property that was to be used for growing marijuana , and married an illegal immigrant for money during a period in her life when she was "  associating with the wrong kind of people and making mistakes , " according to a statement she released Tuesday . Cylvia Hayes , 47 , admitted to living on a property in Okanogan , Oregon , in 1997 that was supposed to become a marijuana growing operation , but she said it never materialized . "  I am not proud of that brief period of time - I was involved in an abusive relationship with a dangerous man , " Hayes said . The man who sold the property to Hayes and her boyfriend told CNN affiliate KOIN that the couple stopped making payments . Public records show Hayes gave up her interest in the property in April 1998 . Hayes said she did not put any money into the property . "  In the spring of 1998 I began to make plans to get away . In July 1998 I moved to Central Oregon and began building a life and career that I am very proud of , " Hayes said in a statement . She runs an environmental consulting company . From 1997 until 2002 she was married on paper to an Ethiopian immigrant , a fact she said her husband-to-be did n't know about until it came to light last week . "  This is the most painful part for me , " Hayes said in a news conference in Portland on Friday confirming the sham marriage . "  John Kitzhaber deserved to know the history of the person he was forming a relationship with . The fact that I did not disclose this to him meant that he has learned about this in the most public and unpleasant way . " Fraudulent green card marriages are a federal offense . Hayes said she needed the money at the time , when she was 29 . "  The money I had received in July 1997 for entering a fraudulent marriage was used to purchase a laptop and pay school expenses , " she said . Kitzhaber is running for re-election next month , and addressed his fiancee 's actions during a gubernatorial debate Tuesday evening . "  What we know is that 17 years ago , before I know Cylvia and she knew me she was involved in some illegal activity . I wish it had n't happened , but it did , " Kitzhaber said . "  The fallout of that set of activities and how we deal with that fallout is really a personal matter between Cylvia and myself . " Kitzhaber has already served three nonconsecutive terms . The Democrat was first elected in 1994 and remained in office until 2003 . In 2010 , he was elected to a third term , and he 's now seeking a fourth in a race that he has been expected to win . He won his last election with 65 % of the vote . While Kitzhaber and Hayes are n't married , they 've been a couple for more than a decade and engaged since this summer , according to local news reports . Hayes has been officially referred to as Oregon 's first lady during Kitzhaber 's latest term .	NEW : Oregon governor says his fiancee 's past illegal activities are a private matter Oregon 's "  first lady " Cylvia Hayes admits involvement in a plan for a pot farm in 1997 She says she associated with the "  wrong kind of people " at the time The same year she also married an immigrant for money
CNN  -- A Mississippi state lawmaker was found dead Sunday at the home of a former colleague , apparently the result of a suicide , a friend close to the victim told CNN on Monday . The victim is Jessica Upshaw , 53 , of Diamondhead , Mississippi . A conservative Republican , she 'd been a member of the state House of Representatives since 2004 and was chair of the House Conservation and Water Resources Committee . The incident occurred in Mendenhall , in Simpson County , located in southern Mississippi . Simpson County Coroner Terry Tutor said she died of a single gunshot wound to the head . He did n't elaborate and would n't say it was a suicide . The friend said she killed herself outside the house of former State Rep. Clint Rotenberry . Rotenberry and Upshaw , both single and divorced for a number of years , had been in a relationship , the friend said . Upshaw had been battling depression for several years and had been taking medication while under a doctor 's care . Describing Upshaw as a fighter , the friend said she had been aggressively battling the depression . The incident shocked and saddened the state . Gov. Phil Bryant called Upshaw a "  unselfish and dedicated public servant . " "  This is a tragic loss for her family and all Mississippians , " he said . Mississippi Speaker of the House Philip Gunn described Upshaw as "  an outstanding legislator and friend " and said "  our hearts break for her family . " "  She was one of the brightest and most competent members of the House . " CNN 's Brian Todd reported from Washington . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci and Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	Jessica Upshaw , a respected veteran lawmaker , had been battling depression A friend says it appears she killed herself Gov. Phil Bryant calls Upshaw a "  unselfish and dedicated public servant . "
CNN  -- Meet Bailey . She 's a registered therapy dog , but you wo n't find her in hospitals or nursing homes . Instead , Bailey makes weekly visits to libraries and schools . She sits quietly or snuggles up to kids as they read her a book . And no , she 's not napping , and the kids do n't have treats in their pockets . She 's actually helping these children learn to read . It sounds implausible . After all , dogs ca n't read . How could they possibly help someone learn a skill that they themselves ca n't grasp ? But it 's a growing trend , and it seems to be working . The philosophy is simple . Children who are just learning to read often feel judged or intimidated by classmates and adults . But reading to a dog is n't so scary . It wo n't judge , it wo n't get impatient , it wo n't laugh or correct if the child makes a mistake . In a nutshell , dogs are simply excellent listeners . And for shy kids or slow readers , that can make all the difference . Kathy Klotz is executive director of Intermountain Therapy Animals , which runs a nationwide program called R.E.A.D. -- Reading Education Assistance Dogs . She says there 's another benefit of reading to the dogs that she did n't anticipate : confidence . "  A factor that we never planned for , that turned out to be really important , is that the child feels like they 're letting the dog understand the story , " she says . "  They get to be the teacher , the storyteller , the one who knows more than the dog for a change . ... They just blossom when they get to be the one who knows more than the dog . " The children know they 're not actually teaching the dog , of course , but the for the kids , the idea that they know more than the dog and can share their knowledge is a powerful one . And now that volunteers are aware of that aspect , Klotz says they actively foster the idea of the child as the teacher . "  One of the things you do in the program is you always speak for the dog , " says Klotz . "  Like if -LSB- the child -RSB- does n't know a word , the dog does n't know the word either . And then they 're not alone , and they can look it up in the dictionary together . " Bailey and her owner , Jim Wilmoth , participate in weekly reading sessions at local libraries in West Virginia with kids who are generally between 6 and 12 years old . They 're part of the "  Sit . Stay . Read . " program , which is similar to R.E.A.D. Programs like these have popped up in nearly every state to help improve literacy rates in the United States . "  The kids come in and read stories to Bailey and other therapy dogs for about 15 or 20 minutes at a time , " says Wilmoth , who was interviewed by iReporter Jennifer Sias at the West Virginia Book Festival . "  It encourages them to practice their reading skills ... and it 's a good way to involve families with the library system . " And the dogs really do pay attention , according to Lisa Saroyan . Her pomeranian , Minnie , has been a reading therapy dog for about a year in Fresno , California , as part of Therapy Dogs International 's "  Tail Waggin ' Tutors " program . Minnie , who weighs in at only five pounds , sits calmly but alertly on a table for an hour at a time as children take turns reading to her . "  She really does sit there and stare at them , " says Saroyan . "  And sometimes as they 're turning the pages , she follows the page with her nose , and the kids just light up . She just knows what she 's supposed to do . " See Minnie in action And then , of course , there are the proven physiological benefits of interacting with dogs . According to the researchers at the Center for the Human-Animal Bond at Purdue University , blood pressure drops and the heart rate slows when a person is petting a dog . The National Institutes of Health confirms what any dog owner knows : Dogs have been found to reduce stress . Each of these factors helps calm children and makes them feel less nervous or intimidated about reading . For older children and teens , the dog can be a supportive friend and provide an outlet from stress and peer pressure . Klotz says her organization has had particular success with kids in detention programs . "  A comment we always get in our detention program is that animals make kids respond so genuinely , " she explains . "  They get away from peer pressure and towards a genuine enjoyment -LSB- of reading -RSB- . ... They love it . " It 's hard to measure scientifically the success of the program and others like it . Because they 're volunteer-based , and because each state uses different methods to measure reading level , doing a nationwide study would be difficult . However , Klotz says it 's possible to see results in individual schools by comparing the reading improvement of kids who participate in the program with kids who do n't . She says it 's typical for the kids who read to dogs for just 20 minutes a week to improve their reading skills by a couple of grade levels in one school year . She 's even seen as much improvement as four grade levels in a year . And Klotz thinks that reading comprehension is just the beginning of how these dogs help kids . "  It 's not just reading scores , " she says . "  They start to speak up in class , and volunteer , and finish homework . They do n't want to miss school when they 're going to read to the dog , so it improves attendance . It kind of just flows over onto everything . " R.E.A.D. staff and volunteers know people are skeptical about the program 's results at first , but Klotz says anyone who 's spent time with a dog will understand . "  It sounds a little kooky when people first hear the idea , " she admits . "  But if they know dogs at all , and the way people relate to dogs , it quickly starts to make sense . But you do n't quite ever grasp how really lovely it is until you see it happen and you see the kids light up and you see how excited they are . You see all these changes in them that they just were n't able to make . " And therapy dog owners say the pups love the program as much as the kids . "  They kind of benefit each other , " says Saroyan . " -LSB- Minnie -RSB- just craves that human attention , and -LSB- the kids -RSB- really benefit from her just sitting there and listening . "	Therapy dogs in libraries can help kids become more comfortable with reading It 's less intimidating for a child to read to a dog than a parent or classmate Spending time with a dog also helps physiologically reduce effects of stress Dogs in libraries and schools are a small but growing trend across the U.S.
Rolling Stone  -- A quick glance at Billboard 's Dance/Club Play Songs chart shows many unsurprising names : Britney Spears , Rihanna , Taio Cruz , Kylie Minogue and Florence + The Machine . Up above all of them , at the No. 1 spot , is Yoko Ono with a dance remix of her super obscure 1972 album track "  Move On Fast . " It 's her sixth consecutive No. 1 dance hit . "  Those are all incredibly creative people on the chart with me , " Ono tells Rolling Stone . "  I respect Lady Gaga very much . I feel a touch guilty that I 'm up there . But it 's all right , that happens . " Rolling Stone : John Lennon and Yoko Ono 's final years together Producers have been remixing tracks from Ono 's deep catalog of avant-garde music for the past decade . "  At first I was prejudiced against the idea , " she says . "  I had the pride of a rocker . People can get very elitist very quickly , and that 's how I was . " When she was first approached about remixing "  Walking On Thin Ice " she was especially resistant because that was the song John Lennon was working on when he died . "  I was like , ` No , never ! Do n't change anything ! ' " she says . "  It was a very sensitive subject for me . " Rolling Stone : Yoko Ono 's Plastic Ono Band concert with Lady Gaga , Iggy Pop and more About 10 years ago she relented and allowed a variety of artists -- from Pet Shop Boys to Basement Jaxx to Felix Da Housecat -- to create dance remixes of her work for the albums Open Your Box and Yes , I 'm A Witch . "  When I first heard the songs I cried they was so beautiful , " she says . "  I was so dumb to be against it . Musically , it was as very , very rich experience for me to hear it . " The album was a critical and commercial success , leading to the release of Move On Fast  The Remixes  , which hits shelves on March 12th . The set features remixes of her catalog by Richard Morel , Digital Dog , Wawa , Chris The Greek and many more . "  I never thought I would go into the dance charts , " says Yoko . "  I respect these producers so much now . I think one day the dance field is going to be very important musically . I mean , it 's a high art now ... I just feel great that people are dancing . I great and I feel it . " Ono rarely steps foot into a dance club , even though many of them now regularly play her music . "  I did go to a few clubs just so people can be like , ` Yes , Yoko was there ! " she says . "  But it does get a bit nerve wracking to go to those places . I would love to be dancing every night until dawn , but somehow it 's not conducive for my life right now . " See the original article on RollingStone.com Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Yoko Ono allowed artists to create dance remixes of work on two albums "  Move On Fast " is her sixth consecutive No. 1 dance hit "  When I first heard the songs I cried they was so beautiful , " Yoko says
CNN  Coalition airstrikes again pounded ISIS positions in Iraq and Syria on Saturday , including at least a dozen strikes on Mosul , where anti-ISIS forces have been trying to weaken targets ahead of an anticipated fight to wrest Iraq 's second largest city from the terror group . A CNN crew watching from Kurdish positions on Mount Zartak , to the southeast of Mosul , saw at least 12 blasts in the city and heard jets streaking overhead . ISIS swept into Mosul in June , with Iraqi forces at the time largely fleeing the advance . The Sunni Muslim terror group , also called the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , folded Mosul into what it calls its Islamic caliphate -- territory that it has captured in both countries . Kurdish forces , which protect a Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq , recently have been trying to surround Mosul to cut off ISIS 's lines of supply from Syria , setting up what could be an eventual assault to try to expel the terror group from the city . Iraqi ground forces could begin a move to retake the city as soon as April , a U.S. Central Command official told CNN earlier this week . Kurdish forces say the frequency and intensity of airstrikes on Mosul have increased sharply since Tuesday , when ISIS released a video showing its fighters burning to death a Jordanian captive pilot , Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , who was captured in December after his jet crashed in Syria . ISIS defenses in Mosul could be trigger for U.S. ground troop recommendation Airstrikes also hit ISIS targets near the terror group 's de facto capital of Raqqa , Syria , on Saturday , anti-ISIS activists there said . At least 10 explosions were reported Saturday in Hazema , north of Raqqa , and six other strikes happened in Tabqa to the west , the activist group "  Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently " said on Twitter . Jordan , one of Syria 's southern neighbors , again sent its jets to strike ISIS targets Saturday , and all of the jets returned safely to their bases , Jordanian state-run TV reported . Jordan , which has promised revenge for al-Kasasbeh , has publicly pressed to participate in more of the coalition 's airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . U.S. and coalition aircraft conducted 11 airstrikes over Syria and 15 airstrikes over Iraq from 8 a.m. Friday to 8 a.m. Saturday , the U.S. military said . ISIS declared it had established a caliphate spanning Iraq and Syria last year . Since then , it has gone on a murderous rampage that has included beheadings of foreigners . Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and Syrians have fled areas it has seized . The United States , along with European and Arab nations , began airstrikes against the terror group last year . ISIS militants have destroyed a bridge they recently used to assault Iraq 's oil-rich Kirkuk city -- a possible attempt to hinder a counterattack against them , a Kurdish political and military leader said Saturday . About 30 kilometers southwest of Kirkuk , ISIS late Friday blew up a bridge that helps connect an ISIS-held area to the city , said Saman Jabari , a senior Kurdish political leader who also commands Kurdish Peshmerga troops near Kirkuk . ISIS had used the bridge to reach the Kirkuk area in a surprise attack on January 30 , Jabari said . Kurdish troops have counter-attacked since . As the coalition 's struggle against ISIS continued in northern Iraq , a pair of suicide bombings on Saturday killed at least three dozen people hundreds of kilometers to the south in Iraq 's capital , Baghdad , a police source in the city said . An attacker blew himself up at a busy restaurant in southeastern Baghdad 's Al-Jadida neighborhood , killing at least 30 people and injuring 66 others , the police source said . In the center of the city , a different suicide bombing at a market killed six people and injured 28 others , the source said . Information about who was responsible for the bombings was n't immediately available . CNN 's Phil Black reported from Iraq 's Mosul area . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Yousuf Basil reporte and wrote from Atlanta .	Coalition executed 11 airstrikes over Syria , 15 airstrikes over Iraq Friday into Saturday , U.S. says At least 12 airstrikes target ISIS-held Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , CNN crew sees from afar
A male U.S. citizen who contracted the Ebola virus in Sierra Leone arrived Tuesday at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . The patient could be seen walking , apparently with some help from one person , into the facility . The patient , whose name has not been released publicly , was taken from Africa in an air ambulance . The State Department described the patient as a U.S. citizen . On Monday , the World Health Organization said a doctor working for the agency in an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone tested positive for the virus . WHO would not reveal the doctor 's nationality nor where he or she would be evacuated to for treatment . WHO officials would not say whether the doctor is the American Ebola patient , citing a confidentiality policy . Last month , two Americans infected with Ebola were flown to Atlanta after being given an experimental drug to fight the virus in Liberia . They were treated at the Emory hospital for several weeks before being released . Other American improves Another American doctor infected with Ebola arrived in Nebraska for treatment last week . Doctors on Tuesday said that Dr. Rick Sacra 's condition continues to improve . "  We are pleased with his progress , " said Phil Smith , medical director at the Biocontainment Unit at the Nebraska Medical Center . "  His lab values are improving and he 's becoming more alert and interactive . We continue to be encouraged by what we 're seeing up to this point . " Sacra 's family said more of his personality has emerged each day . They speak with him on a regular basis through video conferencing . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to virus types that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans . No vaccine or medicine has been proved to cure the disease , but the first human trial of an experimental Ebola vaccine began last week . Ebola by the numbers More than 4,200 cases of Ebola have been reported since the first documented case in December , WHO has said  pdf  Tuesday . Of those cases , there have been more than 2,200 fatalities . The official numbers are believed to be dramatically under-reported . More than 40 % of the cases have been diagnosed in the past three weeks , the agency said . This is considered the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . The bulk of the cases are in Guinea , Liberia , Sierra Leone . Infected people have also turned up in Nigeria and Senegal . WHO said Monday the rapid spread of the virus in Liberia shows no sign of slowing . "  The number of new cases is increasing exponentially , " WHO said , calling the situation a "  dire emergency with ... unprecedented dimensions of human suffering . " It 's a crisis unlike any other during previous Ebola outbreaks , according to WHO . Taxis packed with families who fear they 've contracted the deadly virus crisscross the Liberian capital , searching for a place where they can be treated , WHO said . But there are no free beds . "  As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened , it immediately fills to overflowing with patients , " the U.N. group said . U.S. sending additional help To help ease some of the burden on West Africa 's already over-taxed medical system , the U.S. announced Tuesday it will send $ 10 million additional funds . That 's in addition to the $ 100 million the U.S. has already sent to help fight the outbreak . USAID also announced it will make $ 75 million extra available . The new funds will pay for transportation and support to send 100 more health care workers to help fight the epidemic . The staff will run Ebola treatment units . The staff will be sent to Liberia , Nigeria , Guinea and Sierra Leone . The WHO and several nonprofit agencies on the ground have repeatedly called for the international community to send additional trained help . If you are a trained nurse , physician assistant or doctor who wants to help , USAID has created a website where people can sign up to help . USAID funding has already provided 130,000 sets of personal protective equipment , 50,000 hygiene kits , and 1,000 new beds .	An American Ebola patient arrives at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta Patient is a U.S. citizen who got Ebola in Sierra Leone , State Department says An air ambulance transported the patient to Atlanta
CNN  -- Fifteen years ago I walked out of a mosque in silent protest of the imam 's sermon . Outside , the heat of the desert sun could hardly match the fire of the rhetoric being spewed forth inside . The imam was railing against the foreign enemies of Islam and the sinners within . With every genocidal rant came an "  amen " from the congregation . Some regrettably came from the heart . Others came from those on autopilot putting in their "  time " at the mosque to fulfill their quota of good deeds . Still others were a tradeoff : penance for their sins , an economy of convenience that was born long before Islam and long sold as the path to heaven of other faiths . It was not the first time I had heard terrible notions of fear and hate peddled in the name of my religion . But that day was different . That day I felt complicit . I had reached a point of intellectual critical mass where my love for my religion overwhelmed my sitting in silence any longer . As I stood up , I stared at the imam to make sure he knew that at least one person would no longer accept the recipe of his revenge . Islam and Christianity were born in the same neighborhood under similar conditions 600 years apart . Christianity came about at a time when harsh rulers subjugated their people , making already difficult lives nearly impossible . The people responded to the message of Jesus as they did 600 years later to the message of Mohammad . Both Christianity and Islam offered simple messages to the poor : Live by the rules and your rewards will come later . TED.com : How Arab cultures are borrowing from western pop culture Islam came of age at a time of open warfare between what was loosely called Arabia and the occupying Roman Byzantine Empires . It was a religion for the willing believer , further steeled by the Christian Crusades of the 11th and 12th centuries and the Medieval , Papal and Spanish Inquisitions . Many imams today are still preaching in the rhetoric of the seventh century without regard to contemporary reality . But unlike Jesus and Mohammad , they preach not of future rewards for living a just life as Allah promised . Instead , they offer their rewards to those who devote themselves to the genocide of those who they have anointed our enemies . They prefer not to leave Judgment Day to Allah , instead they substitute themselves as a sort of lower trial court . We are now in the Muslim month of Ramadan , a time of dawn to dusk fasting intended to teach Muslims about patience , humility , and spirituality . During Ramadan , more than a billion Muslims will congregate at their mosques . TED.com : Comics provide a window into our world It is finally time that all of us became more accountable for that which our children will be hearing ; tiny differences setting us apart rather than celebrating those positive things that bind all good people together . If we allow small-minded men to spout fear and hate in the name of our religion , we will enable them to brainwash another generation as they did our own . And soon , the next generation will fall into a pit of dissonance . To sit by silently makes us all complicit . As the father of five sons , I worry about who they 're going to be using as role models . I worry because all around me , even within my extended family , I see religion being manipulated . As a psychologist , I worry for the world in general , but worry about the perception of how people see themselves in my part of the world . Now , I 'm a clinical psychologist . I 'm licensed in New York state . I trained at Bellevue Hospital 's survivors of political torture program . And I heard one too many stories of people growing up to idolize their leadership , only to end up being tortured by their heroes . And torture 's a terrible enough thing as it is , but when it 's done by your hero , that just breaks you in so many ways . I left Bellevue , went to business school and started the comic book series "  THE 99 . " THE 99 references the 99 attributes of Allah in the Koran , things like generosity and mercy and foresight and wisdom . TED.com : Comics of bygone New York Fifteen hundred years after the birth of Christ , men representing the Catholic Church poured hot lead down the throats of Muslims and Jews to get them to accept Jesus as their Savior . Fourteen hundred years after Gabriel conveyed God 's message to Muhammad through the Qur ` an , a tiny minority of self-aggrandizing Muslims are using the lead of bullets to kill untold numbers in an unspeakable insult to name of Islam . Today , through THE 99 , this proud Muslim is using the lead of his pencil to take a stand . For all our sakes , I hope the pencil really is mightier than the sword . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Naif Al-Mutawa .	A tiny minority of Muslims preach hatred and violence , says Naif Al-Mutawa He says as the father of five he wanted to make sure they have the right role models Al-Mutawa created "  The 99 , " a comic series of superheroes fighting for positive values Those who kill in the name of Islam are making an unspeakable insult to the religion , he says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Militants set fire to a hotel at Pakistan 's only ski resort Thursday , as security in the Swat Valley continued to deteriorate despite a month-old peace deal . Pakistani soldiers on patrol in the Swat Valley , which is home to the country 's only ski resort . Militants forced their way into the state-run hotel in the northwestern tourist valley early Thursday morning , ransacked it and set it on fire , said Sardar Rehim Shahzad , district coordinator for Swat police . The hotel , the only one at the Malam Jabba ski resort , sustained significant damage , he told CNN . The resort is located near the Afghanistan border and about 300km  186 miles  from the capital city of Islamabad . It was shut down last summer after militants overran the area , keeping tourists away , Shahzad said . Swat Valley , located in North West Frontier Province  NWFP  , was once Pakistan 's biggest tourist destination . Aside from the ski resort , it was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . In recent months , however , militants bent on imposing fundamentalist Islamic law , or Sharia , have unleashed a wave of violence across the NWFP which has claimed hundreds of lives , many of them security personnel . The militants want women to wear veils , beards for men and to ban music and television . After months of bloody battles , the government in May reached a peace deal with fighters loyal to the banned hardline Islamic group , Tehreek Nifaz-e-Shariat Mohammadi  TNSM  . It is the latest attempt by Pakistan 's new government -- headed by the party of the assassinated prime minister Benazir Bhutto -- to achieve peace through negotiations in the lawless tribal areas where Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are believed to have free rein . Ahead of the peace pact , Pakistan 's government released TNSM 's former leader Sufi Mohammed , who had been jailed in 2002 after recruiting thousands of fighters to battle U.S. forces in Afghanistan . He was freed after agreeing to cooperate with the government . Under the terms of his release , TNSM was also expected to lay down its arms and forgo violence . But his son-in-law Fazlullah , who took over TNSM during his jail stint , vowed to continue his fight to impose fundamentalist Islamic law in the region .	Militants set fire to a hotel at Pakistan 's only ski resort Thursday Militants forced their way into the state-run hotel in the Swat Valley The resort is located near the Afghanistan border , 300km from Islamabad
The 43 Mexican students who disappeared in southern Mexico in September were abducted by police on order of a local mayor , and are believed to have been turned over to a gang that killed them and burned their bodies before throwing some remains in a river , the nation 's attorney general said Friday . This is the conclusion that investigators have reached , Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said , though he cautioned that it can not be known with certainty until DNA tests confirm the identities . This will be a challenge , he said , as the badly burned fragments make it difficult to extract DNA . "  I have to identify , to do everything in my power , to identify , to know if these were the students , " Murillo said . Parents of the college students reacted immediately , some saying the evidence is inconclusive and insisting that their children are alive . "  We are not going to believe anything until the experts tell us : You know what ? It is them , " Mario Cesar Gonzalez , the father of one of the students , told CNN en Espaol . Another parent , Isrrael Galindo , said the government is getting ahead of itself in an attempt to get protests over the disappearance of the students to stop and the public to stop demanding answers . "  The government is trying to resolve things its way so that to rid itself of this great problem it is facing , " Galindo , who lives in California but whose wife and children are in Mexico , told CNN en Espaol . "  My son is alive . My son is alive . My son is alive , " he repeated . The parents have been highly critical of President Enrique Pea Nieto for his administration 's handling of the investigation . A cell phone video from a closed-door meeting with the President , released on YouTube , shows family members accusing Pea Nieto of being out of touch with who the students are . One family member on the recording suggests the President should resign if he ca n't deliver answers . Describing the federal investigation as one of the most complex in recent times , Murillo outlined what he said befell the students from a rural teacher 's college in Ayotzinapa , Guerrero state . Police linked to disappearance The victims were men mostly in their 20s studying to become teachers at a college in rural Ayotzinapa . On September 26 , they traveled on buses and vans to nearby Iguala for a protest about lack of funding for their school . They have n't been seen or heard from since . Three men arrested in connection with the disappearance of the students admitted to having killed a large number of people believed to be the students , Murillo said . Murillo said police officers handed the victims to the three men , who he said belong to the Guerreros Unidos gang . Authorities have arrested Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca , called the "  probable mastermind " in the mass abduction , and his wife , Maria de los Angeles Pineda . They were captured while hiding out in Mexico City earlier this week . The school the missing students belong to has a history that dates back more than 80 years and is known as a bastion of the Mexican left . Its students are known for their activism . Officials have said that when the mayor and his wife learned the students ' protest would disrupt one of his events , the mayor ordered then-Iguala police Chief Felipe Flores Velasquez to stop the demonstration . The former police chief remains a fugitive . Slain Mexican student 's friends , family demand justice Shortly after Murillo announced the latest in the investigation , President Pea Nieto said the findings "  outrage and offend all of Mexican society . " "  With firm determination , the government will continue the efforts for a full accounting of the incident , " Pea Nieto said . "  The capture of those who ordered it is n't enough ; we will arrest everyone who participated in these abominable crimes . " So far , 74 people have been arrested in connection with the disappearance of the students , the government said . Mexican governor steps aside after student kidnappings Officials : Men burned at dump Murillo on Friday repeated the claim that the order to abduct the students came from the mayor . The police confronted the students twice on their journey , killing three in one confrontation , and forcibly taking all of them to a police station the second time , the attorney general said . The students were then moved to a location where they were handed over to members of the Guerreros Unidos gang , he said . The gang members transported the students in various trucks to a garbage dump , Murillo said . Some were dead already , and those who were alive were questioned by gang members about their alleged involvement with other gangs , Murillo said . There is no evidence to show that the students were involved with gangs , he said . The attorney general identified the three gang members who confessed as Patricio Reyes Landa , Jhonatan Osorio Gomez and Agustin Garcia Reyes . The suspects told police they do n't remember exactly how many people they killed , but they were told by their leaders that there were more than 40 , Murillo said . The abducted men were then burned at the dump in a fire that was kept alive for at least 14 hours by adding diesel fuel , tires and debris , the attorney general said . The next day , the gang members were ordered to further break up the remains and place them in black garbage bags that were tossed into the San Juan River , Murillo said . Scuba divers searched the river and found pieces of the bags and remains . One bag was found intact , with human remains inside , the attorney general said . "  I know the huge pain this information gives the families , a pain that we all share in solidarity , " Murillo said . The Iguala incident has sparked protests all across Mexico , some of them violent . There have been multiple acts of vandalism in Guerrero state . Protesters have blocked roads and tollbooths in cities like Chilpancingo , the capital . They have also blocked access to shopping malls in the beach resort of Acapulco . The protests spread to the capital , where tens of thousands marched this week demanding that the missing students be found alive . The governor of Guerrero state -- criticized for not acting quickly enough after the abductions -- has taken a leave of absence .	Mexico 's attorney general provides new details on the missing students He says police kidnapped them at the mayor 's orders They were handed over to a gang , the attorney general says
Shanghai  CNN  -- China 's new rich have rushed to show off their wealth by spending on luxury status symbols , with the country now the world 's second biggest market for designer goods . It has meant boom times for European brands like Prada , Louis Vuitton and Chanel . Now , a small but growing group of taste-makers say China 's fashion landscape is changing . Home-grown designers and brands are ready to challenge their Western counterparts as a new generation of consumers seek out items that reflect their own culture , rather than just the European heritage and exclusivity that have been so popular to date . Meet the people making made in China cool : Hung Huang : The magazine editor When Hung Huang decided in 2005 to devote her fashion magazine , iLook , to covering Chinese design , jaws dropped . Advertisers pulled out and people told her the move was suicidal . "  It was really hard , she says . "  They told me ` there 's no such thing as Chinese design ' . " But each month , Hung and her team managed to feature an up-and-coming Chinese designer , with the hope of putting Chinese fashion on the map . It was a brave move in a country that has embraced Western luxury labels like no other but Hung feels vindicated . By 2010 , her team was fielding several telephone calls a week from readers interested in buying the products featured on the magazine 's glossy pages . But with few shops willing stock lines by Chinese designers , Hung took the plunge and opened her own boutique in Beijing . Called Brand New China , it stocks designs by up to 50 Chinese designers and has seen sales increase by 60 % a year . "  We did n't have any illusions about making a huge fortune from Chinese design but it is a sustainable business . " Sales have increased , she says , as consumers , already accustomed to Western luxury labels seek out something different . Plus , an anti-corruption campaign that has seen sales fall at some Western designer brands is also leading a change in appetites . But she cautions that it will be a while before we see a Chinese equivalent of Prada or Chanel . Young Chinese designers want instant fame , she says , and do n't pay enough to the business side of the fashion world . "  They all want to be the next Karl Lagerfeld , " says Huang , who has been described as China 's answer to Anna Wintour and Oprah Winfrey . "  It will happen ... but it will happen to a designer who is mature , who has commercially learned how to deal with international corporations and retailers . " Chris Chang : The designer It 's the morning after her show at Shanghai Fashion Week and designer Chris Chang is on the phone apologizing to her friends and clients who failed to get a front-row seat . Featuring dozens of models sashaying down the catwalk in vibrant hues and striking headgear , it attracted huge crowds to the marquee in the city 's hip Xintiandi district . The designer , originally from Taiwan , has been based in Shanghai for seven years and says she has developed a loyal coterie of customers who love , as she puts it , her "  happy , glamorous clothes . " "  They 've worn Chanel in the past , they 've worn Prada but now they want something individual and just more fun and beautiful , " she says , from her studio which , with its day-glo colors and Chinese pop-art sculptures , encapsulates her design philosophy . Chang designs four womenswear collections a year under her Poesia brand . Her biggest challenge , she says , is a lack of stores . She sells her clothes from her Shanghai studio and also travels to Hong Kong regularly for trunk shows . "  On our own we do n't have deep enough pockets , " she says . Chang , who previously worked as Prada 's general manager for Taiwan , has also adopted a mentor role to the country 's younger designers . She starred as a judge on My Style television show , China 's equivalent to Project Runway . "  Right now , it 's a novelty for the world to look into what Chinese designers are doing , " she says . "  It wo n't take one day to overturn the negative images of made in China that people had in the past but I think it 's coming along . " Chang , who takes her inspiration from anything from cartoons to China 's ethnic minorities , says that it can be burdensome for local designers to get hung up on their Chinese ancestry and history and they need to focus on global clothes for a global market . "  I think we have to focus on how to be good designers instead of good Chinese designers . " Andrew Keith : The retailer Andrew Keith runs luxury Hong Kong department store chain , Lane Crawford -- Asia 's answer to Selfridges . It sells clothing , shoes and accessories from 500 international designers online and at its seven stores in Hong Kong , Beijing and Shanghai . In October , clothes by Chinese designers were sold for the first time alongside the likes of Stella McCartney and Alexander McQueen at its newly opened Shanghai flagship store . "  It 's a natural progression for us to work with design talent here , " he says . "  What 's surprised people is the prominence that we 're giving these designers . We 're already re-ordering so the demand for these designers has definitely hit . " Depending on their Shanghai reception , the designers will see their clothes in other Lane Crawford stores and for sale internationally on the store 's website . For Helen Lee - one of three designers chosen -- it 's a massive opportunity . Her Shanghai boutique lies at basement level near a food court beneath West Nanjing Road -- one of the city 's swankiest shopping districts . One day she hopes her name will feature among the Gucci and Chanel boutiques above ground . "  We are proud of made in China . I think our image is getting better but I 'm still not sure deep inside how much people appreciate local brands , " says Lee . Keith believes that if China is able to marry its manufacturing capability with commercial acumen and the creativity of designers like Lee , it will become a fashion force to be reckoned with . "  We will see China referenced as a thought leader , as an innovator and a driver of ... trends . "	China 's new rich have rushed to show off their wealth by buying designer goods It 's meant boom times for European brands like Prada , Louis Vuitton and Chanel . Home-grown designers and brands are now ready to take on their Western counterparts Insiders say "  made in China " can become a fashion force to be reckoned with
CNN  -- A 22-year-old woman was hospitalized after she fell down an elevator shaft at Fenway Park in Boston late Friday , authorities said . The unidentified woman was transported to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center . Jerry Berger , a hospital spokesman , said he had no information on the patient , but the Boston Red Sox said she suffered serious injuries . "  Somehow  the  elevator shaft doors on floor 4 opened , " the Boston Fire Department said on Twitter . The woman fell into the shaft , landing on the roof of the elevator , the department said . She 'd fallen "  anywhere from 20 to 30 feet , " fire department spokesman Steve McDonald told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  The firefighters went to the upper floors and were able to look down and see her , " McDonald added . "  She was not moving . " Firefighters cut power to the elevator after stopping it on the 2nd floor , the fire department said . Rescuers did not wait for a ladder ; they used a chair and boosted themselves up through a hatch to the roof . They immobilized the victim and lowered her through the hatch , the fire department said . In a statement before Saturday night 's game against the Detroit Tigers , the Red Sox said : "  The Massachusetts Department of Public Safety and the Boston Police Department are working to determine exactly what happened . Due to the ongoing investigation , and out of respect for the family of the young woman who was injured , the Red Sox will have no further comment at this time . " The cause of the accident is unclear . A state elevator inspector was called to the scene and Boston police will investigate , the fire department said . The Red Sox lost Friday night to the Tigers 1-0 . The incident occurred shortly after the game ended . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : The woman was not moving when she was found , fire department spokesman says A woman falls down an elevator shaft at Fenway Park Rescuers shut off power to the elevator to prevent movement The woman suffered serious injuries
CNN  -- This week the 19th International AIDS Conference is being held in Washington . It is the "  state of the AIDS epidemic " forum -- where researchers , advocates , social service providers , and people with AIDS from all of the world learn about advances in AIDS treatment , care and prevention . Twenty-six years ago I gave birth to my third child , Tiffany . Tiffany 's first three years of life were a constant struggle of countless surgeries , misdiagnosis , feeding tubes and painful medical tests . My husband , Lenny and I took her to medical experts around the country . They all asked the same questions , but they could not provide answers or a cure for her illnesses . I still remember the pain in her eyes . When Tiffany was 2 years old , my husband Lenny became ill . He was tired all of the time , he had flu-like symptoms and began to lose weight . The cycle began again -- misdiagnosis , hospitalizations , tests and more encounters with doctors who did n't understand what was happening to my family . Prior to Lenny and Tiffany becoming ill , we were living the so-called American dream . Lenny had escaped the whirlpool of chaos in a community in New York decimated by drugs . He had been clean from intravenous drug use for more than 10 years . We got married , worked hard , saved our money , bought a home in the suburbs and raised our children . At that time doctors did not know or understand the latency of HIV , the modes of transmission , or the differences in HIV manifestations in men , women and children . Interactive : 30 years of AIDS moments to remember When Lenny was finally diagnosed with AIDS , I witnessed a dramatic change in the quality of health care he received . His tray of food was left outside of his room ; the doctors and nurses were less attentive . There were no treatment options for him at the time . Within days , Tiffany was given the same diagnosis , and the change in the type of care she received was just as obvious and even more painful . I was also diagnosed with HIV , but there was very little time to deal with that because my husband lay dying in one hospital , my youngest child lay dying in another hospital and there were two children at home who needed my care . Lenny died a few months after being diagnosed with AIDS . Within 6 months , Tiffany died too . I was 29 years old . I spent the next months putting things in order to ensure that my two remaining children , Alana and Shawn would be taken care of . I began to lose weight . Every time I had a fever or a bout of diarrhea I thought that I was going to die . I had two frightened children and I could not break down in front of them . I would cry in the closet in my bedroom to keep them from hearing me . I was distraught because I would not see Shawn and Alana grow up , graduate from school , or get married . I missed Lenny and Tiffany . I could n't understand why they died and I was still alive . The days became months and even years . I lived my life in fear and dread , waiting to die . For years I believed the media hype that women were not being infected with HIV/AIDS . I thought I was the only one . I was so lonely that I decided to reach out . I posted a flyer in a hospital seeking other women with HIV/AIDS to come to a support group at my home . To my surprise , within days the telephone began ringing off the hook . I would get phone calls late at night from young girls and women -- some were in their hospital beds , others isolated in their homes , too afraid to disclose their HIV status to anyone . Within weeks , the support group became so large , it outgrew my living room and we began to meet in the basement of a church . There were professional women , teachers , physicians , secretaries , bus drivers . I began to go with women to their doctor 's appointments , advocating that they receive the appropriate care . Women needed so much , but our stories were not being told ; we were not the face of AIDS . Women needed shelter from abusive husbands , they needed clothes and food for their children or they just needed someone to talk to . We shared our stories of frustration about not finding services and support for women living with HIV/AIDS . Gay , bisexual black men at high risk for HIV Women talked about physicians who refused to treat them or who did not know how to treat the different manifestations of HIV/AIDS in women . Women talked about having their HIV status disclosed in public places . We talked about other things beyond HIV . We talked about love and we laughed a lot . Even as we lost our friends , we did n't talk about dying . We talked about learning to live with HIV . In less than two years , the support group became a nonprofit organization called The Women 's Collective . In 1996 , it provided services to 50 women in the District of Columbia , which has one of the of the highest incidence of HIV in the country . The core of our mission is peer-based , woman-focused and family-centered . Back then , I worked full-time and I was able to get enough funding to hire a part-time person . Today the Women 's Collective has 20 full-time staff and a host of volunteers . We provide a wide range of services including case management services , helping women find health and other types of services . The goal is to keep woman in care . We provide AIDS-prevention education , counseling and testing services , and therapeutic counseling services . Women and their children can come in and use our computers for schoolwork or work on a resume . They can come in and get hot food . We have a food and clothes pantry so they can take stuff home . Our AIDS prevention education services reaches more than 3,000 women and young girls in schools , social service agencies , churches , and hospitals . We have shared our model of care with women from around the world , including Africa , Russia , India , Brazil , Caribbean and Eastern Europe . The staff and the women we serve also participate in policy advocacy at the local and national level . It is empowering because we are literally fighting for our lives . Women with HIV/AIDS and their families face so many challenges . The only way to address our needs is to take our concerns to the policy makers and service providers who are supposed to serve us . During the last four months , the Women 's Collective has been preparing for the International AIDS Conference in Washington and I have been thinking about how much -- and how little -- things have changed over the last 26 years . Over the years , I have been able to access treatment because I have the resources . But unfortunately many people still do n't have the resources necessary to access treatment and care . They are also struggling with homelessness , hunger , and lack of employment . What is often overlooked at these conferences is the impact of the stigma and social isolation associated with an HIV diagnosis , especially for women and children . Twenty-six years ago I was afraid that if people learned about my diagnosis , my children would be marginalized and we would be shunned by my community . Pastor fights HIV stigma in rural town As recently as 2011 , a school in Hershey , Pennsylvania , denied admittance to a 13-year-old honor student because he is HIV-positive . Twenty-six years ago , Lenny and Tiffany were misdiagnosed by several physicians at hospitals across the country . In 2012 , women served by TWC continue to share the same stories of being misdiagnosed or not receiving the most appropriate standards of HIV care . Years ago , treatment options were limited . Today , there are more treatment options , but access to these treatments continue to be a huge problem due to budget cuts to the Ryan White Care Act and Medicaid . Twenty years ago there were waiting lists for life-saving AIDS drugs . Today people are yet again being placed on waiting lists . AIDS organizations , especially community-based organizations , face tremendous budget cuts . AIDS is no longer the "  hot " topic and funding for AIDS programs across the country is being reduced . The sense of urgency has dissipated . Over the next few days of the conference , I am sure I will learn a lot that will give me hope . I have been blessed to see my children Shawn and Alana graduate from college and graduate school . I am now a grandmother with a brilliant 2-year-old grandson ! Some days I struggle with a range of medical issues , but I am thankful to be alive . Every day I think about Lenny and Tiffany . I remember all of the wonderful , brilliant , friends lost throughout the years . I mourn the loss of Towanna and several women that we served at The Women 's Collective , who lost their battle to AIDS last month . I look forward to the day when I do n't have to add any more names to the list of lives lost . This week , several newspapers and magazines have declared that the AIDS epidemic is over . The epidemic is n't over . FDA approves Truvada for prevention of HIV/AIDS	Patricia Nalls lost her husband and daughter to AIDS two decades ago Nalls has HIV and started a support group for women and children with the disease Nalls : We have made progress , but still need to work on treatment accessibility
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Shivering in pain and calling for her mother , Shamsia 's hands shake uncontrollably , her eyes swollen shut and her skin peeling from terrible acid burns . Shamsia and Atifa remain determined to get their education despite the attacks . The 19-year-old was heading to school along with her 16-year-old sister , Atifa , in Kandahar , Afghanistan . It was a warm November morning last year and their only anxiety was being late for class . "  We saw two men up ahead staring at us . One was standing off and the other one was on their motorcycle . I wanted to go but there was a black object in his hand and he took it out , " Atifa says . The girls thought it was a water pistol . Watch acid attack in Afghanistan " "  He grabbed my arm and asked , ` Will you be going to school anymore ? ' He then threw acid on my sister and threw acid on me , " Shamsia says . They were n't the only ones attacked that day . Several other teachers and students were targeted on their way to Meir Weis Mena School in Kandahar , the nation 's third-largest city and one where the Taliban have long been influential . Atifa was burned so badly that her red scarf melted onto her dark brown hair . Parents were so frightened that many students were kept at home for weeks afterward . It 's not the first time girls in Afghanistan have been targeted for attending school . The Taliban have been responsible for dozens of attacks on girls ' schools and female teachers , but even they condemned this attack . Kandahar was the headquarters for the Taliban during its five-year rule of Afghanistan and was home to Taliban Supreme Leader Mullah Omar . During that time , girls were forbidden to attend school . If they tried to get an education , they risked beatings by the religious police , or worse . Parents and family members were threatened , and sometimes killed , for allowing their girls the chance to be educated . Since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , the Afghan government has tried to extend access to education , with some success . About 6 million children attend schools throughout the country , 2 million of whom are girls , according to government figures . The case of Shamsia and Atifa gained national and international attention . See how you can help "  A real man would never throw acid on the face of a little girl , a real man would n't even want to make a little girl unhappy , " Afghan President Hamid Karzai said shortly after the attack . "  Beside it being a cowardly act , it is an un-Islamic act . " Laura Bush , the first lady of the United States at the time who advocated for the education of girls in Afghanistan , called the attacks a "  cowardly and shameful " act . "  My heart goes out to the victims and their families as they recover from this cruel attack , " she said . A few weeks after the attacks , the story took a strange turn . The governor of Kandahar announced that 10 men had been arrested and some had confessed . But none was seen until a video made by Afghan Intelligence was released by the Interior Ministry , and aired on Afghan State Television in late December . One of the accused , Jalil , said in the video that a major in the ISI , or Pakistani intelligence unit , approached him and offered him the equivalent of $ 2,000 for each attack . "  He told me I will give 200,000 Pakistani rupees for a teacher 's death , 500,000 for burning a school , and 100,000 for throwing acid on a schoolgirl , " Jalil said , seeming frightened and agitated as he looked into the camera . He said the major gave him a letter for the Pakistani Consulate in Kandahar , where he received the money . But President Karzai seemed intent on defusing any tensions with Pakistan stirred by the release of the video . During a news conference earlier this month in Kabul with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , Karzai said that in this case , Pakistan displayed real cooperation to find the culprit . In the past , Karzai has often accused Pakistani officials of being involved in terrorism in Afghanistan and supporting the Taliban . "  For the first time , we had a very sincere and brotherly approach to the issue , which is of satisfaction to us and I hope we can succeed together , " Karzai said . Pakistani officials tell CNN that the claims about the consulate 's involvement are "  hogwash . " For once , the attacks have not set off tit-for-tat accusations between the Afghan and Pakistani governments , as both countries deal with the extremists working to keep girls from getting an education . None of the men who appeared on the video has had his day in court . The victims have their own ideas for justice . "  Their punishment should be that they should have acid thrown on their faces in front of me . Just like they threw acid on me , we should throw acid on them , " Shamsia says . But her greatest revenge , she says , is an education . When asked if she would stop attending school , Shamsia was quick with her response . "  Why would n't I want to come to school ? I want our country to persevere . I have to do something for my country , I must go to school . "	Shamsia and Atifa were attacked with acid on their way to school in November "  He grabbed my arm and asked , ` Will you be going to school anymore ? ' " The girls say their best revenge is to continue to go to school Afghan president : "  A real man would never throw acid on the face of a little girl "
CNN  -- Smartphones are powerful tools , and with the right apps and accessories , they can become even more so . A California-based tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool . AOptix has unveiled its app and a wrap-around device for turning the smartphone into a portable iris , face , fingerprint and voice scanner . The hardware and software system , the first of its kind for the iPhone , is called AOptix Stratus , which comprises both the iOS app  $ " which will cost $ 199  $ " and a wrap around device for an iPhone 4 or 4S . The app uses the iPhone camera to snap pictures of faces and record voices , while there 's an extra camera that does iris scanning and a small sensor to scan fingerprints . AOptix will also release a software development kit to its customers so they can customize the app to their own needs . In February , the Department of Defense paid AOptix $ 3 million to develop an enhanced solution using the tool that 's being launched today . See also : The ingenious refocusing camera The idea behind this system is to make biometrics recognition easier and mobile . Think of a border protection agency that could use iris recognition at an airport 's customs checkpoint , or a police or law enforcement agency that needs to verify identities on the go and ca n't afford large , cumbersome hardware to do so . That 's where Stratus comes in . Making the system work on an iPhone makes everything easier . "  If you used an iPhone before , you can use this , " said AOptix 's Director of Product Marketing Joey Pritikin . In a teleconference demonstration , Pritikin showed how the system works . The user inserts the iPhone in the device , plugging it in using the 30-pin connector , and then launches the app . The app interface is user-friendly and simple , and lets the user register the biometrics of the person in front of him with relative ease . Using an iPhone also lets the app register GPS coordinates and transmit all the data through the phone 's mobile Internet connection . The app is designed to help the user determine the distance at which to stand in front of the other person and automatically takes a picture when the subject is in the right range . This automatic capture works both with the iPhone camera and with the built-in iris scanner . All pictures taken are stored and easily accessible within the app . The app allows the user to create a person 's profile including his or her iris , face , voice , fingerprints and biographical information . This trove of data is then accessible with the tap of a finger . See also : $ 30 gadget lets your eyes take control Pritikin explained that when they started working on the project , they had to decide whether they wanted to use an off-the-shelf product like the iPhone , or develop their own , perhaps using a platform like Android . But they eventually settled on the iPhone for various reasons . "  It is very secure as a platform , which is , naturally , important to our customers , " he said . " -LSB- It is -RSB- very stable , you can buy the same device globally . They have a very strong ecosystem for supporting accessories like the one we created . " Pritikin declined to say how much the device costs , stressing the fact that it is not a consumer product but , rather , it is intended for companies or government agencies . Stratus could be used at border crossings , during disaster relief operations  when regular infrastructure for identity verification is n't present  , for remote mobile banking or even remote healthcare . Countries like India , which is deploying national ID programs to give every citizen a unique number linked to biometric data  PDF  , could also be target customers . See also : Print a life-size robot for under $ 1,000 Asked if there 's any country AOptix would refuse to sell their products to , given that they could be used for surveillance and profiling , Pritikin answered that his company follows the guidelines of the U.S. Department of Commerce and wo n't export their products to countries like Iran or North Korea . Pritikin declined to identify specific customers who have already bought Stratus , but said that the first shipments will be at the end of April .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	California tech company launches biometric app and scanning tool for iPhone The AOptix Stratus is packed with technology which can scan face , iris , fingerprint and voice . Developers hope police , border agencies and airport customs authorities could all benefit from the technology
CNN  -- The Chinese legal advocate Chen Guangcheng , facing the end of his fellowship at New York University , has claimed that NYU is forcing him out due to Chinese pressure . NYU 's participation in a complex deal to allow Chen to leave China to study gave the dissident and his family breathing space , and helped the United States and China untangle a thorny diplomatic dilemma after Chen fled to the U.S. embassy in Beijing in April 2012 . NYU in fact did a great favor not only for Chen but also for both the U.S. and Chinese governments . NYU 's spokesman says the end of Chen 's fellowship "  has nothing to do with the Chinese government ; all fellowships come to an end . " Chen has , in any case , other job options . But whether there was Chinese pressure or not in this case , Chen 's experience and allegations highlight the many challenges faced by U.S. academic institutions in the context of evolving Sino-U.S. relations . Despite criticism of its cost , content , admissions criteria or tenure system , U.S. post-secondary education , be it at top-tier research institutions , private liberal arts colleges or large state universities , remains the best worldwide . That 's why students from all over the world strive to come here . Along with high-tech and Hollywood , our university education is among America 's top exports , something we still do better than any other country . Chinese dissident : NYU is forcing me out And China , perhaps more than anywhere , reveres education . More scholars than generals occupy China 's pantheon of national heroes . Besides Confucius and Mencius , there 's Qu Yuan , patron saint of intellectuals , whom Chinese commemorate this time every year with dragon boats and rice wrapped in bamboo leaves . Chinese parents across the social spectrum struggle to give their children the best education . Not surprisingly , then , as Chinese become wealthier , more Chinese students flock to the United States to study . U.S. universities , too , are opening satellite branches to serve this market within China . Meanwhile , the Chinese state is attempting to promote Chinese-language study and enhance its "  soft power " in the United States by installing Confucius Institutes on U.S. campuses . Chinese students and faculty engage in surprisingly open discourse , even criticism of their government , on campuses in China . But the notion of academic freedom for its own sake is not a feature of Chinese universities . Rather , the general expectation  not always accepted by students and faculty  is that education should serve the state . The Chinese state thus attempts to control the message on its campuses . In U.S. colleges and universities , on the other hand , academic freedom is tied to our ideal that education is primarily for the benefit of the individual , and that it is by empowering individuals of diverse outlooks that society as a whole benefits the most . Two tendencies are now converging , just as U.S. and Chinese academic communities become more inter-meshed . Rising China has taken steps to export and police the message on campuses abroad by denying visas to U.S. academic critics or pressuring universities over dissidents or speeches by such figures as the Dalai Lama . Meanwhile , cash-strapped U.S. institutions increasingly value China as a market ; deans and provosts , gung-ho about their flashy new China initiatives , have not been as supportive of academic freedom as they should . If Chen Guangcheng 's departure from NYU owes anything to Chinese pressure , his is but one , high-profile case . As we go forward , should more such incidents arise , here 's what both sides should do : China , please abandon counterproductive efforts to intimidate foreign institutions and scholars . Ham-fisted bullying only undermines the very soft power that was your goal in the first place , and ticks off the teachers who teach foreigners about China . And deans and provosts at U.S. institutions : Do n't be craven about academic freedom . Join together with other institutions and take a firm , principled stand to support scholars . Do n't be afraid to do what NYU did in hosting a dissident or to take bold steps if China denies a visa to one of your professors . We are the No. 1 global brand in university education , largely because of our principles . Where else is China going to go ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Millward .	Dissident Chen Guangcheng says NYU asked him to leave due to Chinese pressure James Millward : Chen 's experiences highlight challenges faced by U.S. universities He says China should abandon counterproductive efforts to intimidate foreign institutions Millward : Heads of U.S. institutions should take a firm stand for academic freedom
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The Olympics can be a cruel game with winners and losers . And in Tokyo , there is Kohei Jinno , 80 and his wife Yasuko , 79 . The elderly couple are experiencing a cruel sense of dj vu , certainly not in keeping with the Olympic spirit . "  Why do we need another Olympic here ? " Yasuko Jinno asked , referring to the recent decision to award the Summer Games to the city in 2020 . "  There are still many people there up in Tohoku  the northern Japan area hit by the 2011 earthquake  . The money should be spent there , not here . " Their lack of enthusiasm stems from bitter memories of their first eviction . Kohei Jinno 's family home was razed to make way for the National Olympic Stadium ahead of the '64 Games . They were one of the last to leave the area after fighting in court . He also lost his tobacco shop to the construction project and had to start anew . The family eventually agreed to move after the city government found a new apartment for them . And nearly 50 years later , the aging couple is being asked to do it all over again . Plans to expand the existing National Olympic Stadium means accommodating 80,000 spectators under an all-weather roof , which is the standard for hosting the opening ceremony . And that also means the couple 's current apartment , which is owned by the Tokyo government , is in an area at the heart of that project . Jinno 's small tobacco shop at the ground level of the Kasumigaoka Apartments , is also to be demolished for the expanded stadium . "  There was only one explanation session held by the government so far , and that 's it , " said Yasuko Jinno . A Tokyo housing official said that the government has been talking to the residents of Kasumigaoka Apartment since last summer when the project for the new stadium was revealed and that it has shown options to the residents to move . The couple will be close to 90 by the time the Olympic Games returns to their neighborhood . Kohei Jinno says they have no energy left to fight another drawn-out court case . He can not open a new tobacco shop , because such businesses are heavily regulated . "  I do n't want to see another Olympics , " he said . "  The money should be spent on the people who are still suffering after the quake and tsunami . " Soon , they 'll have to leave their apartment , the open balcony where they 've gotten to know their neighbors for the last five decades . Kohei Jinno will no longer take his daily stroll to his tobacco and public phone shop . Earlier this month , the International Olympic Committee pipped Tokyo over Madrid and Istanbul for the right to host the world 's biggest sporting event in seven years . The city raised significant capital and was considered the safe choice , despite the ongoing concerns over high radiation levels at the stricken Fukushima nuclear plant . Tokyo 's government had amassed a $ 4.9 billion Olympic fund to prepare for the Games , according to aroundtherings.com , which covers the business and politics of the Olympics . The Tokyo bid has been touted as a way of breathing new life into the world 's third-largest economy , which has been dogged by deflation , stagnation and the Fukushima leaks in recent years . When Tokyo won the Olympic bid , crowds at the capital welcomed the news , cheering and holding signs reading "  We 're waiting for the world to come to Tokyo in 2020 . " Instead , Yasuko Jinno felt shock . "  I did not think Tokyo would win and the Olympics would come here again . " CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Japan and Madison Park wrote from Hong Kong .	Kohei Jinno , 80 , stands to be evicted and lose his Tokyo shop -- again His family home was razed before Tokyo 's 1964 Olympics Japanese capital recently won the right to host 2020 Games Jinno says he has no energy to fight in court or to open another shop
CNN  -- Five-time champion Serena Williams survived an early injury scare to cruise into the second round of the Australian Open on Tuesday . The American third seed rolled her ankle when 4-0 up in the opening set of her match with Romania 's Edina Gallovits-Hall , but retained her composure to seal an emphatic 6-0 6-0 "  double bagel " triumph . "  I have n't had enough time to assess it yet , " the 15-time grand slam champion told reporters after arriving at her press conference on crutches . "  I saw the doctor again -- we 're just going to see how it is in a few hours from now . "  But I 'll be out there on Thursday -- I mean , unless something fatal happens to me -- there 's no way I 'm not going to be out there competing . I 'm alive . My heart 's beating . I 'll be fine . " Williams ' second-round opponent will be Garbine Muguruza , who survived a marathon third set against Slovakia 's Magdalena Rybarikova to seal a 4-6 6-1 14-12 win . The 31-year-old also injured her ankle last year , at the Brisbane warmup tournament , and then lost in the fourth round in Melbourne . "  It reminded me a lot of Brisbane . I thought , ` Oh , not again . ' But , you know , I 've had such a good year that I do n't think it 's anything negative , " she said . "  I 've been injured before . I 've played this tournament with so many injuries and was able to come out on top . "  So for me , it 's just another page , and a great story to tell the grandkids one day . " Top seed Victoria Azarenka also advanced at the expense of a Romanian , recovering from 0-3 down in the second set to beat the unseeded Monica Niculescu 6-1 6-4 . "  Her game is definitely unusual , but I 've known her since we played Under 14s , and she actually played a lot more spin back then -- it was all slice from both sides before , " said the defending champion , who will next play Greece 's Eleni Daniilidou . "  Monica 's unusual and tries to make you feel a little bit miserable on the court , like you do n't know what to do , because every ball comes from different angles . So it 's important to just keep your focus and execute your shots . " Two grand slam champions went head-to-head in the Margaret Court Arena , with 2011 Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova edging past Italy 's Francesca Schiavone -- who clinched the 2010 French Open title . Czech eighth seed Kvitova battled to a 6-4 2-6 6-2 win to set up a tie with British Olympic mixed doubles silver medalist Laura Robson . Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krumm made history by beating Russian 12th seed Nadia Petrova 6-2 6-0 , becoming the oldest player to win a match at the Australian Open . The 100th-ranked 42-year-old broke a record previously held by Britain 's Virginia Wade . "  Playing at this age is really nothing , " explained Date-Krumm . "  I eat a lot , I sleep a lot -- last night I was in the bed before 10 p.m. I finished dinner at 7:30 already , then sleep before 10 like the kids ! "  Because after practice or after matches I 'm always tired , so I just need to recover more . It 's a simple life . Nothing special . "  Of course I 'm very happy to win today , but I do n't play for records . Even if I lose , I still enjoy it . " Italian seventh seed Sara Errani also fell at the first hurdle . The 2011 French Open finalist lost 6-4 6-4 to Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro . In the men 's draw , four-time champion Roger Federer cruised through his opener against France 's world No. 46 Benoit Paire , winning 6-2 6-4 6-1 in just 83 minutes . The second seed paid tribute to ATP Tour chief Brad Drewett following Tuesday 's news that he will stand down as head of men 's tennis after being diagnosed with the motor-neurone disease . "  I saw him yesterday and he told me the news . I 've known Brad ever since I came on tour ... I call him a friend , " said Federer , who is looking for an Open era-record fifth win in Melbourne . The Australian , a former tennis pro , has played a key part in expanding the men 's game into Asia , taking the season-ending championships to Shanghai before it switched to London in 2009 . "  He was so influential . He goes so far back and has touched so many people throughout his career as a player and then also as an executive and then CEO , " Federer said . "  It 's been very hard to see him not doing so well , so we wish him the best . I worked with him very closely , especially the last few years now , and he deserved to be CEO and chairman . " Federer will play fellow 31-year-old Nikolay Davydenko in round two after Russia 's world No. 40 defeated Israel 's Dudi Sela . U.S. Open champion Andy Murray began his bid for a third final appearance in four years at the Melbourne grand slam with a comfortable 6-3 6-1 6-3 win against Dutchman Robin Haase . Haase saved two match points , but world No. 3 Murray -- beaten by Federer in the 2010 final and Novak Djokovic last year -- shrugged off any suggestion nerves were negatively impacting his game . "  If you are n't nervous , it shows that you 're really not that bothered , " said the 25-year-old Murray after setting up a meeting with Portugal 's Joao Sousa . "  When the nerves are there , sometimes it can be for 10 , 15 minutes before you go on the court or the beginning of the match or the evening beforehand . They can affect you at different times . "  But it shows that you care , and that 's the positive you take out of it . Often when you are nervous , you can play your best tennis . " Fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga advanced at the expense of fellow Frenchman Michael Llodra , sealing a 6-4 7-5 6-2 success . Next up for the 2008 runner-up is Japan 's Go Soeda . Canada 's 13th seed and rising star Milos Raonic eventually hammered down 104th-ranked Czech Jan Hajek , smashing 30 aces to card a 3-6 6-1 6-2 7-6  7-0  win in two hours and 35 minutes . He will next face fellow big server Lukas Rosol , famous for defeating Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon 2012 .	Serena Williams survives injury scare to reach Australian Open second round The third seed beat Edina Gallovits-Hall 6-0 6-0 despite rolling her right ankle Defending champion Victoria Azarenka battles to victory against Monica Niculescu Roger Federer and Andy Murray cruise to first-round wins in men 's draw
Washington  CNN  -- A day before President Barack Obama lays out his strategy to counter the ISIS terror threat , House Republicans sought the counsel of Dick Cheney , a key architect of the Iraq War . Cheney huddled with House Republicans , saying Obama was n't prepared for the terrorist threat posed by the group and urging the GOP to support a more muscular national defense , House GOP members told CNN . The closed-door meeting at the Capitol Hill Club was billed as a pre-midterm election pep rally . Cheney was there to boost enthusiasm among rank-and-file members , but he also told House Republicans that the party needs to rebuild the military and focus its public message this fall on the importance of a strong national security policy . Senior lawmakers say no vote in works on Obama 's ISIS plan Several Republicans who attended the meeting told CNN the former vice president did n't weigh in on the issue of whether the President needs any approval from Congress to continue or expand military action against ISIS . U.S. Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois , a former Iraq War veteran , acknowledged that his party was split on the issue but said it would be "  ludicrous " for Congress not to hold some type of vote before the midterm elections . He said he believes the President has the authority to conduct airstrikes against ISIS , but argued it was lawmakers ' responsibility to go on the record on the mission or the funding for a military operation . Kerry 's mission : Mideast buy-in for anti-ISIS effort Cheney , as he has done in recent public appearances , railed on Obama 's foreign policy and defended the Bush administration 's actions in Iraq . He said the Obama administration had failed to lock in a security agreement with the Iraqi government to keep some U.S. presence in the country to assist with the political transition , which Cheney asserted contributed to the instability there now . "  Doing nothing and pulling out -- he stressed several times -- was not a good national strategic policy , " Rep Lee Terry , R-Nebraska , said of Cheney 's remarks . Defending his record , Obama has argued it was n't his decision to withdraw troops fully from Iraq ; rather he said that the Iraqi people and its government did n't want a U.S. presence there any longer . "  The reason that we did not have a follow-on force in Iraq was because the Iraqis were -- a majority of Iraqis did not want U.S. troops there , and politically they could not pass the kind of laws that would be required to protect our troops in Iraq , " Obama told reporters last month . Cheney : Iraq invasion was the ` absolute right thing to do ' Some Republicans said Cheney warned that the military was n't ready to respond to threats posed by terrorist groups around the world because budgets have been slashed . But Cheney 's audience of fellow Republicans is partly responsible for those cuts . A year later , Obama again addresses nation on Syria A significant chunk of the House GOP members serving today were elected after Cheney was vice president . In the last few years , there has been a growing divide inside the party about the U.S. role in international conflicts . Many elected in the last two elections have focused on shrinking the size of government and are skeptical of U.S intervention overseas . Rep. Bill Flores , R-Texas , said the pitch to highlight national security was received positively by rank-and-file members , but he also admitted that the cost to boost the U.S. forces would be "  significant . " Terror fears could help GOP in midterms Kinzinger told CNN he shared Cheney 's concerns about declining military readiness . He said he hoped his colleagues who have focused on slashing federal budgets , listened to Cheney 's warning about the declining resources for the military , specifically those caused by across-the-board cuts as a result of "  sequestration . " "  I hope my colleagues hear it , because you realize sequester is damaging when it 's too late , " Kinzinger said . Cheney told members he would outline more specifics about what action he advocates the United States should take in a speech Wednesday -- the same day as the President 's prime-time address to the nation from the White House . A press release about Cheney 's speech at the American Enterprise Institute is titled "  9/11 and the future of U.S. foreign policy . " Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R-Tennessee , summed up Cheney 's advice to GOP members about the November elections : "  Keep the eye on the safety and security of the country . "	Former Vice President Dick Cheney was a key architect of Iraq War Cheney sharply criticizes Obama 's foreign policy before House Republicans He says GOP should emphasize strong national defense for November midterm elections Cheney does n't weigh in on whether congressional approval is needed for action on ISIS
CNN  -- The ambulance sped toward Baton Rouge , Louisiana , from the New Orleans airport , overrun with refugees from a drowned city . A mother pregnant with twins screamed from labor pains . Robbie Prepas , a nurse and midwife who struggles with car sickness , tried to stay focused . The babies were n't going to wait . Five minutes into the ride , Prepas delivered the first twin with no problem . But then , she saw two feet beginning to emerge -- a breech baby . Panic set in . "  Do n't push ! Do n't push ! Do n't push ! " Today , five years after delivering those twins in the midst of the chaos that Katrina wreaked , Prepas dwells -- not on the death and destruction that was so well-documented -- but on the life that emerged . She and her team delivered 20 healthy babies amid the storm 's aftermath in a two-week period that "  changed my life . " "  It 's one of those events in America that we should never forget . " Prepas , now 58 , has traveled the world with organizations like Save the Children and UNICEF . She went to Ghana , Namibia and Zimbabwe in the 1990s to teach midwives in those African countries how best to deal with emergencies . A year before Katrina , she traveled to Afghanistan with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to figure out why so many mothers and babies were dying at a hospital in Kabul . As Hurricane Katrina spun toward the Gulf , the urge to help came natural . Based out of San Diego , Prepas was a member of California 's Disaster Medical Assistance Team , a group of about 30 physicians , general practitioners , nurses , nurse practitioners and other specialists . They were told to head to Louis Armstrong International Airport , along with teams from Oregon and Washington . Katrina had swept ashore , and the levee had been breached . "  I had never in my life seen such a disaster as I had in New Orleans , " Prepas says . "  And , believe me , I 've seen the worst of everything . " At the airport , thousands of people milled about . Elderly patients from nursing homes had been dropped off , without medications or even adult diapers . Electricity was out , and there was no running water . "  There were two policemen and two security guards , " Prepas says . "  There was no organization . We did n't know who to answer to . ... Nobody was in charge . " Prepas and the other 89 medical professionals swung into action . They set up three tents at the front of the airport -- green , for walking wounded and pregnant women ; yellow , for slightly more serious conditions ; red , for critical patients . "  By the end of two weeks , we had screened and triaged more than 20,000 people . " Prepas was stationed in the green tent , and , at one point , was caring for 50 prenatal patients . She was sleeping on a luggage carousel when the first woman in labor arrived . Prepas set up a privacy sheet in the tent and prepared a cot . The first baby to be born at the airport was healthy . "  His name was David , " she says . On the third day , U.S. military personnel arrived to establish order amid the pandemonium . On that same day , the woman pregnant with twins was brought to the airport . Prepas still does n't know how the woman got there . "  She was 8 centimeters dilated , and she was ready to deliver . " The woman 's husband and two sons were at the convention center with no idea she was in labor , or where she had gone . All Prepas knew was : "  I had to get her out . " Frantically searching for an ambulance , Prepas found a group of paramedics who had driven more than 500 miles from Nashville , Tennessee . "  Guys , you 've got to drive me to Baton Rouge , " Prepas barked . "  Now ! " The paramedics radioed a hospital in Baton Rouge to let them know they were bringing a woman in labor with twins . The two baby boys had other plans . Both boys were delivered en route . The second child , who came out feet first , was discolored . He received oxygen for the next 30 minutes , until they arrived . Two more weeks passed before that mother and her babies were reunited with the rest of their family . Prepas ' time in New Orleans affected her profoundly on so many different levels . Prepas has curtailed most of her overseas humanitarian missions ; she now flies mostly to places in need within the U.S. -- the quake in Haiti being an exception . A member of the White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood , Prepas has used the experience to bring attention to rising maternal mortality rates inside the United States , one of the worst in the industrialized world . In 1982 , eight women died per 100,000 live births in the U.S. ; now , the figure has jumped to 17 per 100,000 , largely due to lack of health care for the nation 's poorest women , according to the White Ribbon Alliance . "  Women are going to have babies out of place , " especially during disaster , she says . "  We have to be prepared for that . " One of the toughest things about her job in New Orleans was delivering the babies -- and then walking away . "  Life goes on after an emergency , " she says . "  I never stayed in touch with them ... but I think about it all the time . It drives me to keep wanting to do all this stuff . It 's given me a mission in life . "	Robbie Prepas focuses not on the destruction of Katrina , but the life that emerged The nurse/midwife helped deliver 20 babies at the New Orleans airport amid the chaos "  I had never in my life seen such a disaster "
CNN  -- A judge has ordered an independent inquiry into whether war-crimes prosecutors at The Hague may have intimidated and/or pressured witnesses testifying in the continuing trial of a Serbian politician accused of war crimes . Presiding Judge Jean-Claude Antonetti announced he would appoint an amicus curiae  friend of the court  to look into the charges , according to documents posted on the website of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . The U.N. court deals with war crimes that occurred during the conflicts in the Balkans in the 1990s . Antonetti ordered the inquiry on June 29 , but it received scant attention until Wednesday , when a reporter asked about it at The Hague . The inquiry cites former Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte as well as prosecutors Hildegard Urtz-Retzlaff and Daniel Saxon . Del Ponte stepped down from the job at the end of 2007 and is now Switzerland 's ambassador to Argentina . "  She 's only mentioned because she 's the former head of the office , but the allegations are aimed at the investigators and lawyers who worked for her , " said Frederick Swinnen , special assistant to the current prosecutor at The Hague , in a telephone interview Wednesday with CNN . A man who answered the telephone at the Swiss Embassy in Buenos Aires said Del Ponte was on vacation and not available . The allegations concern testimony in the continuing trial of Vojislav Seselj , a former political ally of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic , who died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague . Seselj first made similar complaints three years ago , Swinnen said . He noted that the defendant has himself been convicted for contempt of court . The friend of the court has not yet been appointed , he said Wednesday . "  There are several candidates ; it 's still at a preliminary stage , " he said , adding that he did not expect the inquiry to find any malfeasance . "  Our view is our staff has acted in a professional way and within the rules , " he said . "  Once an amicus curiae is appointed , we will work with him and assist him in his task . " The inquiry was initiated after a number of witnesses complained "  that they had been allegedly intimidated or pressured " by prosecutors , said Swinnen . "  The chamber obviously took these allegations very seriously and decided that it would be wrong to leave any space for doubt arising either on the protection of the rights of the accused or on the investigation techniques by members of OTP -LSB- Office of the Prosecutor -RSB- , " said Christian Chartier , acting spokesman for registry and chambers , in a statement on the court 's website . The friend of the court is to report back to the chamber within six months whether there are sufficient grounds to start contempt proceedings against investigators for the prosecution , he said . One witness said he and his family "  were subjected to tremendous pressure by the prosecution , " including 30 to 50 telephone calls per say from the prosecution , the judge wrote . Another said prosecutors told him that , "  if he testified , after that he could go to America , that he would get a good salary and would get money . " Complaining statements also "  mention sleep deprivation during interviews , psychological pressuring , an instance of blackmail  the investigators offered relocation in exchange for the testimony they hoped to obtain  , threats  one , for example , about preparing an indictment against a witness if he refused to testify  , or even illegal payments of money , " the judge wrote . The prosecution said it "  considers these allegations to be utterly devoid of factual basis . "	Judge has ordered a "  friend of the court " to look into the accusations Issue concerns the continuing trial of a Serbian politician accused of war crimes Former Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte is among prosecutors named
London , England  CNN  -- If you 've been in London for the queen 's Diamond Jubilee , you 'll almost certainly have seen the city 's "  other royals " : the Pearly Kings and Queens of London . "  We 'll all be out in full-swing where we 're needed , " Vanessa Vallely , the pearly queen of the City of London told CNN before the celebrations kicked off . "  We are a recognizable part of London . I have a vision that when people go out to buy souvenirs like red-letter boxes and things like that . Well , maybe one day , there will be a little pearly queen fridge magnet ! " With their colorful feathered hats and hand-sewn pearl button suits , the pearlies are an instantly recognizable London institution dating back 150 years . It all started with Henry Croft , an orphan turned street-sweeper and rat-catcher in Victorian London . At first , the young Henry Croft struggled on the streets of London but he found help with the Costermongers of Spitalfields Market -- apple sellers in London 's East End . Read more : Buckingham Palace rocks in queen 's honor The Costermonger 's sewed pearl buttons down the seams of their trousers to distinguish themselves in the busy markets of London . Inspired , Croft decided to create his own version -- covering every inch of a three-piece suit and top hat with pearl buttons . His theatrical flair attracted a lot of attention and Croft found he was soon earning more money than he needed . So , he donated much of it to charity , funding the London orphanage where he grew up . When he died in 1930 , hundreds of mourners attended the funeral . Croft 's charity work had become so well-known that he appointed a Pearly King and Queen in each of London 's boroughs before he died to carry on his works . The pearlies have been working ever since , handing down their inherited titles and duties from generation to generation . In May , several pearlie families gathered at the Carpenters Arms pub in East London for a pearlie coronation . Nine pearly kings and queens were crowned . In fact , it was the biggest pearlie coronation since the 1960s . Read more : Pomp , pageantry and pouring rain Vanessa Vallely and her 13-year-old daughter Mia were crowned the pearly queen of the City of London and the pearly queen of Hoxton , respectively . Traditionally , each pearlie sews their own pearl button suit before being crowned , often decorated with family symbols : a heart for charity , a horseshoe for luck , for example . Vanessa Vallely pairs her new suit with a sleek set of jet black Manolo Blahnik shoes but admits she had a little help sewing on the hundreds of pearl-buttons . "  It 's a fantastic tradition . It 's a role model ambassador . We stand for the good old days . What you 're seeing is a real cockney knees-up . " She said "  Wherever basically we can pitch up and raise money . " "  My friends think it 's really cool . " Mia chimes in , "  Some of them think it 's kind of strange . But most think it 's cool and something really fun . Which it is ! " Interactive : 60 years of royalty , discovery and global events A "  cockney knees up " is exactly what draws many people to the Pearlies . Tourists crammed into the modest pub , pints in hand , to catch a glimpse of the coronation proceedings . With lots of laughing and a bit of shouting , nine shiny , plastic crowns and polyester-ermine cloaks were placed on the heads and shoulders of the new pearly kings and queens . The coronation itself is brief but the celebration last long into the summer evening . The music strikes up and the pearlies begin their rounds with plastic buckets , collecting spare change for charity . It may not seem like much but it adds up . Jackie Murphy , the pearly queen of Hackney , raised more than $ 100 thousand dollars for her charity last year . She proudly displays her suit of 19 thousand pearl buttons she sewed herself . On the lapels , are the pins of at least a dozen charities she has helped . "  We do n't ask for a fee , but we charge a donation for our chosen charities . " She explains proudly , "  Now , my daughter 's a pearly queen and my grandchildren are princes and princesses . It 's a lovely tradition . "	The Pearly kings and queens are a recognizable London institution Distinguished by pearl buttons sewed on to clothing , group raises money for charity As well as fundraising they act as role models and ambassadors in London areas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. Navy submarine leaked trace amounts of radioactive water for two years as it made port calls in Japan and other Asian nations , the Navy said Thursday . The USS Houston arrives in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , for routine maintenance , during which the leak was found . Last week , Navy officials told Japan that the USS Houston , a Los Angeles-class fast attack submarine , had made one port call -- in March -- while leaking the contaminated fluid . But after reviewing records of the sub , the Navy told Japanese officials Thursday that the Houston had been leaking much longer , since June 2006 , and had made port calls to Japanese bases at Sasebo , Yokosuka and Okinawa before the leak was discovered . Officials also have told the governments of Malaysia and Singapore that the sub made port calls to those countries while leaking the radioactive water , Navy officials said . The Houston also made stops in Guam and Hawaii . See a map of the submarine 's travels " A Japanese Foreign Ministry spokesman said Tokyo appreciated the United States reporting the new information promptly . "  At the same time , what remains to be nailed down is the cause , " said the spokesman , Hiroshi Suzuki . "  We still need to get to the bottom of the cause of this leak . We would like to get a full explanation . " Suzuki said the U.S. government has assured Japan it is taking all precautionary measures to guarantee safety . In addition , Japan also conducts round-the-clock monitoring of U.S. vessels in Japanese ports . The U.S. Navy said Thursday that the leak was minor in both volume and radioactivity , and that the radioactivity from the leaks in all foreign ports added up to less than that found in a smoke detector . The problem was discovered last month when a buildup of leaking water popped a covered valve and poured onto a sailor 's leg while the submarine was in dry dock . A subsequent investigation found a valve was slowly dripping water from within the nuclear power plant onboard , but it was not water that came in direct contact with the nuclear reactor , Navy officials said . The water reportedly was so low in radiation it was barely detectable . Officials with knowledge of the incident could not quantify the radiation level but insisted it was "  negligible " and an "  extremely low level . " The total amount of radioactivity that leaked while the sub was in port in Guam , Japan and Hawaii was less than a half of a microcurie  0.0000005 curies  , or less than what is found in a 50-pound bag of lawn and garden fertilizer , the officials said . The sailor who was doused , a crew member of the Houston , tested negative for radiation from the water , according to Navy officials . While Japan and the United States have come to agreements to allow nuclear-powered ships to make port calls in that country , the decision was a not a popular one in Japan . The Houston incident comes at a time when the Navy is trying to smooth over another problem with a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier . The USS George Washington was due to replace the aging , conventionally powered USS Kitty Hawk this summer as the sole U.S. carrier based in Japan . While en route to Japan this May , a fire broke out on the George Washington , causing $ 70 million in damage . The fire was blamed on crew members smoking around improperly stored flammable materials . There was no damage or threat to the nuclear reactor , but the ship was diverted to San Diego , California , for repairs . It is expected to arrive in Japan at the end of September . The Navy fired the George Washington 's captain and his deputy last week , saying an investigation into the fire led to a lack of confidence in the leadership of both men . Three weeks ago , thousands of Japanese protested the pending arrival of the George Washington . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Total radiation leaked less than that found in a smoke detector , Navy says Navy had earlier said USS Houston leaked radioactive water for months Leak existed since June 2006 , Navy says USS Houston visited several Japanese ports , plus Malaysia and Singapore
Washington  CNN  Our first 2015 trip around the "  Inside Politics " table brought fresh insights on President Obama 's early moves , key intelligence on Republican congressional shifts , some North Dakota intrigue and a look back that perhaps has a parallel to the angst some liberals have about their 2016 front-runner . 1 . The ` big speech ' is n't what it once was , so Obama hits the road A post-State of the Union road trip is a presidential tradition , but Obama is planning a pre-speech swing , perhaps to show the times are changing . Julie Pace of The Associated Press says it 's the latest attempt by the White House to maximize its political leverage -- all the more important now that Republicans will control both the House and the Senate . "  The White House says that this is a way to get out there , gain momentum and draw up contrasts with Republicans early on . But it also shows that State of the Unions simply are n't as important as they once were , " said Pace . "  The President 's last State of the Union address drew 33 million viewers . It was the lowest number of viewers since Bill Clinton 's last address . You still get a big audience , but I think this is interesting , whether this signals that not only this White House but future White Houses will see an incentive in talking to the American people about State of the Union ideas separate from just that one big night . " 2 . Easy sailing for AG choice Lynch ? Attorney General Eric Holder has few , if any , friends among Republicans in Congress , and there were predictions of a rocky road for the woman chosen by Obama to take the reins at Justice now that Holder is stepping down . But The Atlantic 's Molly Ball tells us that smooth sailing is now the prediction as Loretta Lynch prepares for her confirmation hearings . Yes , Republicans have some big policy differences with the Obama administration and will use the Lynch hearings to air them . But Ball says her reporting found that Lynch herself has made a very good impression on key GOPers . "  She impressed a lot of Republicans in her meetings on the hill last month , " said Ball . "  Sen. Grassley , who 's the incoming chairman of the Judiciary Committee , has n't said anything negative about her . Senior Republican sources in the Senate tell me they think there may be a little bit of drama but right now she 's looking pretty good for confirmation . " 3 . Chaffetz 's plans for Issa 's old committee The new Congress means some new faces leading key congressional committees , and Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah can be certain of this : He will be compared early and often to his combative predecessor , Rep. Darrell Issa of California . Chaffetz is about to take over the House Committee on Government Reform and Oversight , the panel that for the past couple of years has held high-profile hearings on the IRS , Benghazi , and other flashpoints between the GOP and the Obama White House . Chaffetz has a more easygoing style than Issa but is no less ambitious -- and no fan of the White House . Ed O'Keefe of The Washington Post shared his reporting on how the new chairman plans to close down some investigations , but then get busy with a new set of oversight priorities . "  He 's putting together a bunch of new subcommittees -- one to look at Obama 's work on energy and the environment and another focused specifically on administrative rules , or all the regulation-writing that is going on across the administration , " said O'Keefe . "  He says staffers on that subcommittee are tasked with waking up every morning , scouring the Federal Register and all the other pieces of information that are out there about rule-making going on , and hold hearings about them . " 4 . One big question for 2016 -- will Heitkamp take the plunge ? In Washington , the big 2016 debate is over when Hillary Clinton will let us know for certain . But in North Dakota , it 's Heidi Heitkamp who has things in a bit of a holding pattern . Heitkamp , a Democratic U.S. senator , is looking hard at heading home and running for governor in 2016 . Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post took us inside the chess game that could play out if Heitkamp shakes up state politics with a gubernatorial bid . "  She 's not up for Senate until 2018 , so if she runs for governor in 2016 , she can also keep her Senate seat , " said Henderson . "  But if she wins , she could actually appoint her successor . And Republicans in North Dakota are nervous about that prospect and making some noise and putting bills forward to prevent that little technicality , so she would n't be able to do that . " 5 . Clinton and Warren -- this 2016 dynamic has a 1992 parallel Another big 2016 debate in Washington is whether liberals can somehow convince Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to challenge Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination . I vividly recall a similar debate back in late 1991 and early 1992 , when then-Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton was emerging as the Democratic front-runner and annoying some party activists with his argument that Democrats were repeatedly losing presidential elections because the national party was far too liberal . Back then , the liberal at the receiving end of the urgent entreaties was New York Gov. Mario Cuomo . Among those most aggressive on courting Cuomo were the labor unions that Clinton often blamed for pulling Democrats to the left . On deadline day to file for the New Hampshire primary , there was a plane waiting in Albany , New York , to take Cuomo to Concord to declare his candidacy and join the fray . Reporters waited , and a crowd gathered as word spread of the expected drama . I remember sitting in the Concord bureau of The Associated Press and filing the bulletin that Cuomo would NOT run . And on that day and in the days that followed , I recall the relief his decision gave to top lieutenants in the Bill Clinton campaign . The principal reason Clinton survived the roller coaster of character questions in that '92 campaign was his own political skills and tenacity . But it is also fair to note that it turned out to be a relatively weak Democratic field . No offense to Bob Kerrey , Tom Harkin or the late Paul Tsongas , but none emerged as a lasting , serious threat to Clinton . Jerry Brown -- then the former California governor and now back in that job -- held on the longest , but never came close in the delegate chase . Cuomo 's decision kept on the sidelines a powerful intellect with proven debate skills -- and earned the New York governor the "  Hamlet on the Hudson " moniker because of his public debate , largely with himself , over whether to run for president in 1988 and then again in 1992 .	Elizabeth Warren 's impact on Hillary Clinton camp recalls Mario Cuomo in 1992 What key GOPers are saying about Loretta Lynch How Jason Chaffetz will change Darrell Issa 's old committee
CNN  -- Before the thousands of passengers and crew of the snakebit Carnival Triumph debarked Friday , an investigation into what went wrong had already begun . "  We started the investigation right after we were notified Sunday " that the ship 's engine room had caught fire , cutting all but generator power to the floating city , said Patrick Cuty , a senior marine investigator for the U.S. Coast Guard . Initially , investigators got engineering schematics for the vessel from Carnival , Cuty told CNN . Because the Carnival Triumph is a Bahamian-flagged vessel , the Bahamas Maritime Authority is the primary investigative agency , and will work with the Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board . Coast Guard investigators boarded the vessel Thursday as it headed to port to get passengers ' accounts of what happened and how it was handled , he said . Investigators have already pulled the voyage data recorder -- a device that records alarms , voice communications on the bridge , engine speed , navigation information and rudder angle , said Cuty . The probe will likely take eight to 12 months to complete , he said . ` Amazing ' crew handled icky jobs on crippled cruise ship Though the investigation into the cause of the fire in one of the ship 's two engine rooms is just beginning , Cuty said it appears that the fire suppression worked as it was designed to do . The engineer who was on watch at around dawn on Sunday saw the fire ignite over a video feed and immediately notified the bridge , Cuty said . "  He saw the flash ; that 's what alerted him . " He continued , "  Fire doors closed , the extinguishing systems worked , the fire was extinguished , it was kept closed as it is supposed to be so that the fire can cool down . " Lawsuit filed over ` floating hell ' cruise Based on an inspection Thursday of the engine room , the fire did not appear to have been large , Cuty said . "  It was just a fire that was , apparently , in the right place . " Though the crew might have been able to restore power to the vessel by firing up the generators in the ship 's other engine room , Cuty said the ship 's engineers made the right call in not doing so . "  Really , the safe thing to do was to tow the vessel back into port rather than re-energize the power system that was damaged by fire , " he said . He said the listing ship was never in danger of exploding or of capsizing , as some passengers had feared . Fuel tanks are kept far from the engine rooms and the vessel , which began tilting when the power loss led its plane stabilizers to stop working , listed only about 5 degrees from the wind . Cuty commended the ship 's 1,086 crew members , saying they went to great lengths to meet passengers ' needs -- including redirecting emergency power to certain parts of ship to provide occasional water and toilet service . "  The crew did an excellent job , from what we saw above and below decks and , over all I think , they accomplished their mission as far as safety goes : they brought everybody back safe . " Tears and big hugs as passengers reunite with families Passengers , too , praised the crew . Many said they bent over backward to meet the needs of passengers , performing well even during unpleasant jobs such as cleaning the raw waste that had sloshed out of toilets . "  They served us with smiles , and served us in ways that are truly unthinkable , the things they had to do for us , yet they did it with smiles , " said passenger Joy Dyer , wearing a Triumph bathrobe with "  Float Trip 2013 " scrawled on the back . Investigators will look into passenger reports from previous cruises of the Triumph that noted "  some mechanical issues , " Cuty said . "  They may be completely unrelated to this , " he said . Meanwhile , busloads of passengers departed Mobile on Friday for their homes . Among the passengers arriving in Galveston , Texas , were Tony and Jenny Larocca of Lake Charles , Louisiana , on their first trip away from the kids -- a cruise that the husband got his wife for Christmas . Their souvenir ? A bag of stinky clothes and a new appreciation for each other . "  There 's no way I could have made it without him , " Jenny Larocca said . As the former passengers spoke , tugboats pulled the crippled Triumph to a Mobile , Alabama , shipyard for repair . The ship wo n't resume cruises until at least mid-April . Opinion : My celebration trip on the Carnival Triumph : From joy to misery Nightmare vacation The Triumph 's more than 3,100 passengers were in their third day of a planned four-day cruise from Galveston to Mexico when a fire in an engine room left it with no propulsion , adrift in the Gulf of Mexico . The power outages put toilets out of order and the listing caused many of them to overflow , sending urine and feces sloshing across floors and down hallways . Passengers reported long lines for food , shortages of fresh water and widespread boredom . Many passengers slept in hallways or outside to escape the odors and heat below decks . Five things we 've learned about cruising Late Thursday , Carnival CEO Gerry Cahill apologized on behalf of the company . "  We pride ourselves in providing our guests with a great vacation experience , and clearly we failed in this particular case , " he told reporters before boarding the ship to apologize in person . But for passenger Norma Reyes , it was too little too late . "  The hallways were toxic , " said Reyes , who vowed never to go on another Carnival cruise . "  Full of urine . It was horrible . If that ship caught on fire and they had not contained it , where would we be ? Floating in the ocean or dead . " Others were more forgiving . "  They did a good job of managing expectations , " Brett Klausman said . "  The information that trickled out was probably well-thought-out to kind of keep people safe and calm . " Passengers Linda and Bill Byerly said their experience was different from that of passengers in the lower-level rooms . Their balcony room had ample fresh air . Linda Byerly said she took dance classes offered by the crew and the couple spent much of their time "  chilling . " "  It was pretty slow , " Bill Byerly agreed . Opinion : The dirty secrets below decks Fallout Carnival has offered to give each passenger $ 500 , a free flight home , a full refund for the trip and for most expenses incurred on board , as well as credit for another cruise . Travelers have few options for compensation in these cases , other than what the cruise line is already offering , according to travel expert Jason Clampet of Skift.com , a travel website . "  The passengers on the ship are n't going to have a great deal of recourse when they get home , " he said . Travel "  insurance really does n't cover this sort of thing . Their trip was n't interrupted and they are n't incurring extra expenses ... so they ca n't be compensated that way . " But the resulting PR could hurt Carnival , he said . "  I think people will think twice about taking a cruise , " Clampet said . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? Previous problems The fire is at least the second problem for the ship since late January , when it had an issue with its propulsion system , according to a notice posted on the website of Carnival senior cruise director John Heald . It 's also not the first fire to disable one of the cruise line 's ships . In 2010 , the Carnival cruise ship Splendor lost power after an engine room fire , leaving it adrift off Mexico 's Pacific coast . The ship was towed to San Diego . Opinion : How Carnival can clean up the PR mess Leonara Chavez and David Zambrano were on the Splendor when it lost power in 2010 . They said watching coverage of the Triumph passengers ' ordeal was "  like looking in a mirror . " "  It 's like deja vu , " Chavez said . She said they took the free cruise offered by Carnival after the 2010 debacle . Despite walking the halls of the ship recounting things that had happened , she said they were determined to enjoy the trip . But what happened aboard the Triumph , she said , has sealed their decision when it comes to cruising : They wo n't be going again . Why did the rescue take so long ? CNN 's Sandra Endo , Rich Phillips , Martin Savidge , Chandler Friedman , Victor Blackwell , Tristan Smith , Joe Sutton , Mike Ahlers , Dave Alsup , Lateef Mungin , Steve Almasy , Katia Hetter and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Investigation began Sunday , right after the fire was reported Tugboats move Triumph to shipyard for repairs Passengers begin final trips home , happy for showers and toilets Most passengers praise crew for their efforts
CNN  -- A senior British lawmaker on Sunday condemned the execution in Belarus of one of two men convicted of a fatal subway bombing last year . Minister for Europe David Lidington said independent reports had raised "  serious and credible concerns " over the standard of evidence and fairness of the trial that led to the conviction of the men , Dmitry Konovalov and Vladislav Kovalev . "  The UK opposes the death penalty in all circumstances as a matter of principle and any miscarriage of justice leading to the death penalty is of course irreversible and irreparable , " Lidington said , urging Belarus to halt all executions and work toward abolishing the death penalty . The men were sentenced to death for the April 2011 bombing that killed 15 people and wounded more than 200 at a subway station in Minsk . The scene from 2011 subway blast Kovalev 's mother said Saturday her son had been executed by shooting , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti reported . She maintained her son 's innocence . The private Belarus newspaper Telegraf reported Saturday that the other man , Konovalov , had also been shot dead . The European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton condemned the execution , saying Saturday the men , both citizens of Belarus , were not accorded due process . Council of Europe Secretary General Thorbjorn Jagland condemned Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko 's decision not to pardon the men . "  Belarus is the only country in Europe which still executes people , " Jagland said . "  With its disrespect of basic human rights and democratic standards , the government of Belarus is increasingly isolating its country and its people from the rest of the world . " The bomb had been hidden beneath a bench and was filled with shrapnel , nails , and small metal balls and had the estimated power equivalent of 5 kilograms of TNT , the Belarusian state news agency Belta reported last year . In its ruling , the court described the two men as "  explosive enthusiasts " and said they posed an "  exceptional danger to society , " according to RIA Novosti .	The April 2011 bombing killed 15 and wounded more than 200 European officials say the men did not have a fair trial The Belarus president refused to pardon the two men The mother of one of the men confirmed he was shot to death
Paris  CNN  -- Since the revelation on the front page of daily newspaper Libration , on December 11 , with a particularly vicious editorial talking about France 's national treasure as a "  former genius actor , " Grard Depardieu 's departure to Belgium , where he bought a property just a mile from the French border , has deeply divided and saddened France . Even more so since , as we have learnt this week , Russian President Vladimir Putin has bestowed the actor Russian citizenship . Read more : Depardieu 's puzzling love for Russia Back in mid-December , the French media operated along political lines : the left-wing press such as Libration could n't find strong enough words to describe Depardieu 's "  desertion " while right-wing publications such as Le Figaro , slightly uneasy at the news , preferred to focus on President Franois Hollande 's punishing taxes which allegedly drove throngs of millionaires to seek tax asylum in more fiscally lenient countries such as Belgium or Britain . Le Figaro stopped short of passing moral judgement though . Others like satirical weekly Charlie hebdo , preferred irony . Its cover featured a cartoon of the rather rotund-looking Depardieu in front of a Belgian flag with the headline : "  Can Belgium take the world 's entire load of cholesterol ? " Ouch . Quickly though , it became quite clear that Depardieu was not treated in the same way as other famous French tax exiles . French actor Alain Delon is a Swiss resident as is crooner-rocker Johnny Halliday , and many other French stars and sportsmen ensure they reside for under six months in France in order to escape being taxed here on their income and capital . Their move has hardly ever been commented on . And they certainly never had to suffer the same infamy . Read more : Actor Depardieu makes Russia trip after accepting citizenship For Depardieu , a public war of words erupted . It started with the French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault , and many members of his government , showing their disdain , and talking of Depardieu 's "  pathetic move . " In response the outraged actor penned an open letter to the French PM in which he threatened to give back his French passport . The backlash was not over . Fellow thespian Phillipe Torreton fired the first salvo against Depardieu in an open letter published in Libration , insulting both Depardieu 's protruding physique and lack of patriotism : "  So you 're leaving the ship France in the middle of a storm ? What did you expect , Grard ? You thought we would approve ? You expected a medal , an academy award from the economy ministry ?  ...  We 'll get by without you . " French actress Catherine Deneuve felt she had to step in to defend Depardieu . In another open letter published by Libration , she evoked the darkest hours of the French revolution . Before flying to Rome to celebrate the New Year , Depardieu gave an interview to Le Monde in which he seemed to be joking about having asked Putin for Russian citizenship . Except , it was n't a joke . Read more : French star Depardieu ditches France for Putin 's Russia In truth , French people have felt touched to their core by Depardieu 's gesture . He , more than anyone , represents the Gallic spirit . He has been Cyrano , he has been Danton ; he , better than most , on screen and off , stands for what it means to be French : passionate , sensitive , theatrical , and grandiose . Ambiguous too , and weak in front of temptations and pleasures . For more than two weeks now , #Depardieu has been trending on French Twitter . Surveys have showed France 's dilemma : half the French people understand him but there are as many who think that paying one 's taxes is a national duty . In other words , a majority of French people disapprove of his action but ca n't help loving the man . Read more : Paris promises flurry of economic reforms Putin 's move in granting the actor Russian citizenship has exacerbated things . And first of all , it is a blow to Hollande who , it was revealed , had a phone conversation with Depardieu on New Year 's Day . The Elyses Palace refused to communicate on the men 's exchange . A friend of the actor declared that Depardieu complained about being so reviled by the press and that he was leaving , no matter what . If , in their hearts , the French do n't quite believe Depardieu might one day settle in Moscow and abandon them , they feel deeply saddened by the whole saga . However , with France 's former sex symbol Brigitte Bardot declaring that she too might ask Putin for Russian citizenship to protest against the fate of zoo elephants in Lyon , it looks as if the French may prefer to laugh the whole thing off . Proof of this : the last trend on French Twitter is #IWantRussianCitizenship . Read more : Brigitte Bardot threatens to spurn France , embrace Russia if 2 elephants killed The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	Russian President Vladimir Putin has bestowed Russian citizenship on actor Grard Depardieu For Depardieu , a public war of words erupted , with many in France disgusted by his move Depardieu more than anyone , represents the Gallic spirit , says Agnes Poirier Majority of French people disapprove of his action but ca n't help loving him , she adds
CNN  -- Bayern Munich resumed their quest for a 23rd league title on Saturday with a 2-0 win over Greuther Furth at the Allianz Arena as the Bundesliga returned to action after it 's annual winter break . Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic scored twice -- one in each half -- to earn Bayern all three points to keep Jupp Heynckes ' side nine points clear at the top and Greuther Furth anchored at the foot of the table . Heynckes , who gives way to Pep Guardiola at the end of the season , was satisfied with his team 's performance . "  We 're pleased we won and also kept a clean sheet , " Heynckes said . "  Our game was tenacious and not so fluid as we are used to , but perhaps that is a positive , as we know what we have to work on , " he added . Bayer Leverkusen remain in second place after a 3-1 win at home to fourth-placed Frankfurt . Two goals in two minutes from Polish defender Sebastian Boenisch and striker Stefan Kiessling saw the home side take control of the match on the half-hour mark . Andre Schuerrle made it 3-0 in the 58th minute , before Frankfurt 's Alexander Meier scored a consolation goal with 12 minutes remaining . Defending champions Borussia Dortmund thumped Werder Bremen 5-0 to stay in third place while seventh-placed Mainz and sixth-placed Freiburg played out a goalless draw . The game between Hoffenheim and Moenchengladbach also ended goalless -- a result which keeps Hoffenheim third from bottom and still seven points from safety . Moenchengladbach remain eighth . Sunday 's fixtures see Nuremberg take on Hamburg , while Duesseldorf host Augbsurg .	Bayern Munich return to action after winter break with 2-0 win over Greuther Furth Bayern announced former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola will take over in summer Second-place Leverkusen beat Frankfurt 3-1 ; Borussia Dortmund thrash Bremen 5-0
CNN  -- Democratic Gov. Rod Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , face corruption charges in a scandal that encompassed the Chicago Cubs , President-elect Barack Obama 's vacated Senate seat and a children 's hospital , according to an affidavit . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich talks to laid-off workers in Chicago on Monday . The men were each charged with a count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and a count of solicitation of bribery , authorities said . According to the affidavit outlining some of the charges against the Blagojevich and Harris , here are some of the details that led authorities to charge the officials : Senate seat Blagojevich said in phone conversation that he is conspiring to trade the Senate seat left vacant by President-elect Barack Obama in exchange for positions that Obama has the power to appoint , namely the secretary of health and human services post . Watch how the FBI 's tapes show the governor wanted to trade seat " In a November 3 conversation with an adviser , Blagojevich discussed receiving a kickback for appointing someone , identified only as "  Senate Candidate 1 , " to the vacant Senate seat . Obama reportedly backed the Senate candidate . "  During the call , Rod Blagojevich stated , ` Unless I get something real good for -LSB- Senate Candidate 1 -RSB- , s -- t , I 'll just send myself , you know what I 'm saying ? ' " the affidavit says . He later said , "  I 'm going to keep this Senate option for me a real possibility , you know , and therefore I can drive a hard bargain . You hear what I 'm saying ? And if I do n't get what I want and I 'm not satisfied with it , then I 'll just take the Senate seat myself , " according to the affidavit . The governor said the seat "  is a f -- ing valuable thing ; you just do n't give it away for nothing . " "  Blagojevich has also been intercepted conspiring to sell the Senate seat in exchange for his wife 's placement on paid corporate boards or Rod Blagojevich 's placement at a private foundation in a significant position with a substantial salary , " the affidavit says . Intercepted phone calls indicate that the governor also has conspired to sell the Senate seat in exchange for millions of dollars in funding for "  a nonprofit organization that he would start and that would employ him at a substantial salary after he left the governorship , " according to the affidavit . Tribune Co. . Blagojevich and Harris threatened to withhold financial assistance from the Tribune Co. unless the company fired certain editorial board members who had been critical of Blagojevich and had called for the governor 's impeachment . The money was related to the sale or financing of Wrigley Field , home stadium of the Chicago Cubs , a team owned by the Tribune Co. . The governor instructed Harris to tell the Tribune 's financial adviser that the assistance , which Blagojevich estimated to be worth at least $ 100 million , was contingent on the ouster of several board members . In a November 4 phone call , Blagojevich told Harris to tell the Tribune adviser , "  Our recommendation is fire all those f -- ing people , get 'em the f -- out of there and get us some editorial support . " The affidavit gives only one name , Deputy Editorial Page Editor John McCormick . In a follow-up conversation , Harris said he had informed the adviser that the newspaper needed "  wholesale changes " "  This is a priority . Stay on it , right . I mean , he , he gets the message , does n't he ? " Blagojevich asked . "  Oh , yeah . He got it loud and clear , " Harris reportedly replied . In another follow-up conversation , Harris said the Tribune owner told the financial adviser that he "  was very sensitive to our concerns " and that certain cuts personnel cuts were imminent . On November 21 , Harris said he had singled out McCormick "  as somebody who was the most biased and unfair . " Beginning November 30 , Blagojevich began talking to a sports consultant and a Cubs officials about making state money available for Wrigley Field . Children 's hospital On October 8 , Blagojevich told a person described only as "  Individual A " that he was willing to make $ 8 million available for Children 's Memorial Hospital , but "  I want to get -LSB- Hospital Executive 1 -RSB- for 50 . " Individual A felt that Blagojevich was talking about a $ 50,000 campaign contribution from the hospital 's chief executive officer and that the $ 8 million referred to a recent commitment by Blagojevich to secure state funds via "  some type of pediatric care reimbursement . " "  Intercepted phone conversations between Rod Blagojevich and others indicate that Rod Blagojevich is contemplating rescinding his commitment of state funds to benefit Children 's Memorial Hospital because Hospital Executive 1 has not made a recent campaign contribution , " the affidavit says .	Affidavit says Blagojevich called Senate seat "  a f -- ing valuable thing " Governor talked of getting newspaper employees fired for editorials , affidavit says Blagojevich wanted campaign contribution for funding children 's hospital , it says
Gaza City  CNN  -- The death toll rose to three Friday from Israeli airstrikes along the Gaza Strip , officials said . Israeli Defense Forces said it launched four airstrikes along the Gaza Strip on Thursday , targeting a weapons shop and two smuggling tunnels . The strikes also hit a third tunnel , described as a "  terror tunnel " with access to Israel , an IDF spokeswoman told CNN . Three Palestinians were killed and several others were injured in the airstrikes , Hamas security sources said Friday . Initially , the Hamas sources said one person was killed and four were injured . The sources said a secret metal shop used to make Qassam rockets was hit in Gaza City . IDF confirmed the strike . The airstrikes were in response to a series of rockets and mortar shells fired into Israel earlier Thursday , the IDF spokeswoman said . Four mortars struck the Kerem Shalom humanitarian-aid crossing on the tip of southern Gaza , forcing authorities to shut it down and prevent 70 trucks carrying fuel and other aid from entering the strip , she added . Qassam rockets are homemade projectiles that have been fired into communities in southern Israel for years . Though they are crudely made , militants have made efforts to improve the weapons ' technology . Israel routinely targets the Rafah tunnels under the Gaza-Egypt border , which it says Hamas uses to smuggle weapons into Palestinian territory . Palestinians say the tunnels are needed to get basic food supplies that are not available in Gaza .	Three killed in airstrikes carried out by Israeli military along the Gaza Strip Israeli Defense Forces said targets were a weapons shop and two smuggling tunnels Palestinians say tunnels are used to transport basic food supplies
CNN  I am a friendly , hard-working Ohio native . It 's how a lot of my friends in New York describe Midwesterners . It 's as if we 're assembled at "  The Flyover Wonder Bread Factory , " devoid of color or depth . We supposedly represent all that is wholesome in America . That may be true , but "  friendly and hard-working " is so ... bland . If you think I 'm being a tad harsh , ask anyone who is n't from the Midwest to describe someone born and raised in America 's Heartland . My favorite definition came from a colleague raised in Florida . She struggled to describe us at first , then said , "  Simple . " Um , like the Amish ? "  No , " she said , flustered . Even my fellow Midwesterners have a hard time coming up with interesting descriptors . CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos is a proud native of North Muskegon , Michigan . First thing out of his mouth , "  Friendliness ! " After that , he struggled , too . "  Boy , let me see ... um ... not easily agitated ? " I rolled my eyes . "  That is so bland , Danny . " He paused , then said , "  I 'll take bland over the rap Florida gets any day . " Even my new friend , Jared Zak , from Wisconsin struggled . The best he could come up with was "  hearty . " I asked these questions after interviewing Eric Dayton , who wants his native Minnesota to divorce itself from the Midwest . "  We 're Midwest if you 're looking at it from New York City or from anywhere on -LSB- the East -RSB- Coast , " Dayton told me . "  But then again , that 's someone else 's definition . I think it 's time for us to claim our own . " Dayton and his brother , Andrew , whose father is the state 's governor , are Minneapolis businessmen whose clothing store and restaurant have a decidedly local flavor . Eric Dayton , after touring Scandinavia  many Minnesotans are of Norwegian descent  , became enthralled by the region 's strong identity . It proudly embraced its chilly weather , its food , its culture , its ... Northiness . So why , he questioned , did n't Minnesota ? When Dayton got home he hired a Minnesota company to make stocking hats for his clothing boutique that said , "  North . " They sold out and Dayton 's idea headed , well , north . Minnesotans just got it , he said . I admit , I did n't get it , until I thought more about it . Minnesota -- or should I say Minneapolis -- is criticized , by some of my compatriots , for being "  Minnesota nice , " the sort of "  nice "  fake  that is n't remotely the kind of "  nice "  sincere  for which Midwesterners are renowned . But , hey , I have an open mind . You could argue that Minnesota , along with North Dakota , parts of Illinois , Indiana , Wisconsin and Michigan , are in the Northern region of the United States . And , you could argue Ohio , Pennsylvania and West Virginia are Eastern states . The only truly Midwestern states are Illinois , Missouri , Iowa , Kansas , Nebraska and South Dakota . Go ahead , argue among yourselves , but know that Mr. Dayton is n't talking only about geography when it comes to labeling Minnesota -- "  The North . " He 's talking about image and , although he wo n't say it , branding . "  The New York Times had done an article highlighting different Thanksgiving side dishes , " Dayton told me . "  For Minnesota , they named grape salad as our signature side dish . And no one in Minnesota had ever heard of grape salad ... it was kind of a harmless example , but if we do n't tell the rest of the country who we are , we end up with grape salad . " That story got under my skin , especially when I looked up the NYT idea of Ohio 's signature side dish : English pea and onion salad . It gets worse . The Times extolled the salad 's "  deliciousness " by saying it "  calls to mind the processed-food delights that , for decades , characterized the cooking of the Midwest . " Seriously ? The New York Times is n't solely to blame for the Midwest 's image problem . Politicians are , too . Andrew Cayton is a distinguished professor of history at Miami University in Ohio . He wrote a book called "  The Identity of the American Midwest : Essays on Regional History . " "  The Midwest , " he told me , "  has always been a dynamic and diverse place , but that image does n't fit with what people want to believe . " And , by people , Cayton means politicians who routinely use the Midwest as code for a place in time that never actually existed : crime-free and populated with hard-working people who all look and worship the same . "  Arguing about the Midwest , " Cayton says , "  has become arguing about America as a whole . " So , listen up , campaigning politicians ! Stop trying to bond with the Midwest with your bowling prowess  or lack thereof  and for goodness ' sake , stop eating corn dogs at state fairs . And while I 'm at it , political reporters , please stop interviewing voters in diners ! I 'm not maligning bowling  my dad , Tony , is in the Amateur Bowling Hall of Fame  or corn dogs , but those things do n't represent the modern Midwest . It is so much more dynamic and , yes , diverse . Chicago is not like Detroit . St. Louis is not like Pittsburgh . Indianapolis is not like Columbus , or Dayton or Cleveland or Cincinnati . And , Minneapolis is not like any of them , either . Minnesota boasts 10,000 lakes and a corresponding love of cold-weather sports , such as pond hockey . Yet , I 'm from Canton , Ohio , and I have never touched a hockey stick  although those other "  Northern " states certainly have excellent puck-handling abilities  . Minneapolis also has a thriving cultural community , is home to 19 Fortune 500 companies and has a cuisine all its own that is not based on processed foods . And , at the moment -- it has what many polite Midwesterners ca n't abide by -- attitude . You know , Minnesota nice . Definition ? As my pal from Wisconsin puts it , "  sarcastic , pretentious and exclusionary . " "  I know . Arrogant Minnesota , " Dayton joked . "  That 's what everyone thinks of when they think of Minnesota . Right ? No , again , this is n't about being better . It 's not a relative thing . It 's just I think there are a lot of great things happening in Minnesota . It 's not being recognized . I think it 's important for the reasons we 've discussed that there is recognition of what we have to offer . And so it 's just putting forth our story . It 's not trying to make it look better than it is . It 's not comparing ourselves to anyone else . " I do n't know if Dayton will be successful , but I do understand why he wants Minnesota to define Minnesota . You do n't attract the best and the brightest with "  friendly . " "  There is a competition for talent , " Dayton said . "  And it 's a national competition , even an international competition . " Maybe Ohio should join the rebranding club and become "  The East . " 'Cause you know what ? I may be friendly and hard-working , but I 'm not simple . So stop asking me if I 've ever gone "  cow tipping . " Or I just might go all Minnesota on you .	Costello : The Midwest is not ` flyover country ' and has more to offer than friendliness . The region need rebranding , as two guys from Minneapolis are attempting , she says
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Thousands of Greek public sector workers began a 48-hour strike Tuesday against planned cuts in government spending . An estimated 2,000 protesters representing teachers from the public sector marched past the finance ministry and parliament , according to local police . In central Athens protesters threw plastic bottles and sticks at riot police , says CNN producer Erin Mclaughlin , who said that about 200 retired Greek workers also took to the streets Tuesday . In another demonstration members of the Communist Party of Greece  KKE  erected large banners near the Parthenon -- one read "  People of Europe Rise Up . " Workers are demonstrating against tough planned austerity measures to meet European Union and International Monetary Fund conditions on a $ 110 billion  $ 146 billion  aid package The protests come ahead of a planned nationwide general strike on Wednesday when public and private sector workers , including teachers , lecturers , bank employees and doctors , will go on strike . Are you there ? Send stories , photos According to a Ministry of Finance spokesperson , the austerity bill has been tabled before parliament , where it will be debated Wednesday . The debates can take up to three days , so a vote is very unlikely before Friday at the earliest , said the spokesperson . Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou announced tough cost-cutting measures Sunday in order for Greece to secure its financial lifeline . The package includes a promise by Greece to cut its budget deficit to 3 percent of gross domestic product , as required by European Union rules , by 2014 , according to Papaconstantinou . Greece had a choice between "  destruction " and saving the country , and "  we have chosen of course to save the country , " Papaconstantinou said .	Greek public sector workers began a 48-hour strike Tuesday About 2000 teachers held a march past the finance ministry and parliament , say police The country faces tough austerity measures to meet EU and IMF bailout conditions A $ 110 billion  $ 146 billion  aid package for Greece was announced Sunday
CNN  -- The French Interior Ministry announced Monday it has deported two Muslims and plans to expel three more in a crackdown after the killing of seven people by a suspected Islamic extremist . A statement by Interior Minister Claude Gueant said the moves were part of "  an acceleration of the deportation procedures of foreign Islamic radicals . " An Islamic militant from Algeria who was involved in 1994 attacks in Marrakech , Morocco , was sent to his home country Monday , the statement said . In addition , a Malian imam was returned to his home country for sermons that promoted anti-Semitism and rejection of the West , it said . Deportation proceedings also have started or are planned against three others : an imam of Saudi nationality , a militant Islamist from Tunisia and an imam from Turkey , the statement said . It cited provisions in the law governing aliens and political asylum , saying the statutes "  allow this type of decision with regards the ` urgent need for state security or public safety ' or ` conduct likely to harm the fundamental interests of the state . ' " According to the statement , other expulsions will occur soon . Last week , French President Nicolas Sarkozy told French radio that 19 people had been arrested in a series of police raids on suspected Islamists . The raids came a week after gunman Mohammed Merah , who killed seven people , was shot dead after a long siege in the southwestern city of Toulouse . Sarkozy , who is running for re-election , said the raids were intended to "  deny the entry of certain people to France " who did not share the country 's values . "  It 's not just linked to Toulouse . It 's all over the country . It 's in connection with a form of radical Islam , and it 's in agreement with the law , " he said . Sarkozy suggested then that more raids would follow , saying , "  There will be other operations that will continue and that will allow us to expel from our national territory a certain number of people who have no reason to be here . " Merah was blamed for the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three Jewish children ages 4 , 5 and 7 . Two other people were seriously wounded in the shootings . Merah told police he had attended an al Qaeda training camp while visiting Afghanistan and Pakistan , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molins . But his uncle , Jamal Azizi , denied statements by French authorities that Merah was an al Qaeda sympathizer and that he had traveled to Afghanistan or Pakistan to train to use arms . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	An Islamic militant and imam are sent back to their home countries Deportation proceedings have started or will be launched against three others President Sarkozy said last week a crackdown on Islamic militants had started The crackdown follows the killing of seven people by a suspected Islamic militant
CNN  -- A 65-year-old suspect in a $ 7 million Connecticut robbery was arrested more than two decades after the heist , the FBI said in San Juan , Puerto Rico . Norberto Gonzalez Claudio was arrested Tuesday in Cayey , Puerto Rico , the FBI said in a statement . Gonzalez Claudio is accused of participating in the armed robbery of a Connecticut Wells Fargo depot on September 12 , 1983 . According to the FBI in Connecticut , the robbery of the armored car facility in West Hartford was one of the largest cash heists at the time , and dozens of collaborators have been arrested . Two of Gonzalez Claudio 's brothers were also indicted for the heist . Avelino Gonzalez Claudio was arrested in 2008 and sentenced in 2010 to seven years in prison . According to court records , Orlando Gonzalez Claudio was given probation in another case . It was not clear if he served time for the robbery . A federal arrest warrant was issued in August 1985 charging Gonzalez Claudio with obstruction of commerce by robbery and conspiracy , the FBI said . Another warrant was issued in March 1986 charging Gonzalez Claudio with bank robbery , aggravated robbery , theft from interstate shipment , foreign and interstate transportation of stolen money , and conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery , the FBI said . If convicted , Gonzalez Claudio could face 275 years of imprisonment . The FBI said Gonzalez Claudio , a native of Puerto Rico , is believed to be a member of the domestic terrorist organization Los Macheteros -- or "  the machete wielders " -- which has claimed responsibility for several murders , armed robberies and terrorist bombings . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Connecticut has said the robbery was committed to fund the activities of Los Macheteros . "  The publicly stated goal of the Macheteros is to obtain the independence of Puerto Rico by armed struggle against the United States government , " the FBI has said . According to a 1985 indictment , the Macheteros funded themselves through "  expropriations , " including robbery . Norberto Gonzalez Claudio and his brother Avelino are listed in the indictment as belonging to the group of Macheteros who devised the plan for Victor Manuel Gerena , an employee of Wells Fargo Armored Service , to rob his own company . The organization used nicknames and codenames to avoid detection , the indictment states . Gerena , who was also a Macheteros member , was known as "  Aguila , " or eagle . The operation was known as the White Eagle . After the robbery , the Macheteros moved Gerena and some of the stolen money into Mexico , the indictment states . After that , the group moved more money . The same month as the robbery , the Macheteros transported Gerena to Cuba , according to the indictment . Among the activities the group carried out with the stolen money was a gift giveaway in Puerto Rico , the court document states . Although not as well known as other organizations with the terrorist label , the Macheteros in the late 1970s and 1980s claimed responsibility for numerous bombings and attacks on U.S. military personnel in Puerto Rico .	Norberto Gonzalez Claudio is arrested in Puerto Rico He is accused of participating in a 1983 Connecticut robbery that netted $ 7 million FBI : The suspect is believed to be a member of the terrorist group Los Macheteros The group seeks Puerto Rican independence , the FBI says
Macon , Georgia  CNN  -- Kendrick Johnson 's former schoolmates and their parents have been subpoenaed by a federal grand jury investigating the Georgia teen 's 2013 death , according to sources with knowledge of the subpoenas . Among those seen entering the federal courthouse in Macon on Thursday were current students at Lowndes High School and current and former students at Valdosta High School , also located in Lowndes County . Thursday 's development comes four months after the feds launched an investigation . Johnson 's parents have said the original probe was mishandled by local authorities . The FBI has interviewed several of Johnson 's former schoolmates , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Outside the federal courthouse Thursday , U.S. Attorney Michael Moore said , "  We 're working methodically , and sometimes we remember we 're running a marathon instead of a sprint . So , we 're working on it . It 's better to get it right than to get it fast . I 'm satisfied that the FBI is moving forward at the appropriate speed , and they 're doing a fine job . " Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in the Lowndes High School gymnasium on January 11 , 2013 . Investigators with the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office ruled his death accidental , concluding that Johnson climbed into the center of the gym mat to reach for a shoe and got stuck . State officials later concurred that Johnson 's death was accidental and listed his cause of death as "  positional asphyxia , " or suffocation by his own body weight . Johnson 's parents have called the official story a "  coverup " and said they believe their son 's death was a homicide . A separate autopsy commissioned by the family attributed the 17-year-old 's death to "  apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma . " The complete list of those subpoenaed for Thursday 's grand jury proceeding was not clear , but Lowndes County Sheriff Chris Prine said he had not received a federal subpoena , and Lowndes County Schools said it was subpoenaed only to provide hard drives containing surveillance video from the school . County Coroner Bill Watson said he has n't received a subpoena , either , though the FBI has interviewed him twice and he has spoken to the U.S. attorney . Johnson 's parents say they , too , spoke with the FBI during a three-hour interview in Thomasville , 40 miles west of Valdosta , in December . Asked during a January interview if he found the feds ' involvement encouraging , Johnson 's father , Kenneth Johnson , said , "  We really wo n't feel anything until justice comes for Kendrick . We 're glad they 're here , but my feelings wo n't be there until we get justice for our son . " His wife , Jacquelyn Johnson , said the FBI interview left her hopeful . "  They answered a lot of questions about a lot of what we had heard , " she said . "  I felt better because it 's another set of eyes looking into the case . "	Current and former students from Lowndes County Schools seen at courthouse Grand jury calls witnesses in Kendrick Johnson 's death after feds take over probe Johnson was found in a rolled-up gym mat at Lowndes High School in 2013 Parents say they 're encouraged by federal investigation , but ultimately want justice
Editor 's Note : Reese Witherspoon , the Academy Award-winning actress , is honorary chairman of the Avon Foundation and is employed by Avon Products as its global ambassador . Reese Witherspoon says she wants to banish the myth that young women are not at risk for breast cancer . CNN  -- Every three minutes in the United States , a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer . As a woman , a mother , and a daughter , I find that statistic terrifying . I was never nave about breast cancer , but hearing this statistic put it all into perspective . Women close to me have battled the disease and are now soldiers in the greater fight against it . But the moment I heard "  every three minutes , " I felt vulnerable and scared as I realized that anyone is susceptible . The only way for me to ease my fears was to take action . I needed to educate myself and others on this disease . As the Honorary Chair for the Avon Foundation , I had resources at my fingertips . I had access to an entire organization that is dedicated to giving back to women and educating people . So I started asking , "  What do I need to know ? " It was through that curiosity that I found out the most important fact in breast cancer : Early detection saves lives . According to the Avon Foundation Breast Cancer Crusade , there is a 97 percent five-year survival rate when breast cancer is caught before it spreads to other parts of the body . When breast cancer first develops , there are usually no symptoms , which is why women need to perform self-exams regularly and contact their doctor upon noticing even the smallest change . Of course talking about breast cancer and breast health is a personal thing . I too am a private person but encourage all women to break through their reservations and talk to their doctors and physicians . We must also banish the myth that young women are not at risk for breast cancer . At the Avon Walk in Washington , I met young survivors who were diagnosed in their 20s , an age when most women are graduating from college and just starting their lives as full adults . Watch Reese and Larry at the Avon Walk " Women in their 20s and 30s should have a clinical breast exam by a health professional at least once every three years and women 40 and older should have an exam every year . I am passionate about fighting this devastating disease . I fight for my mother , myself , my children and future generations of women , so one day we will not have to be afraid of breast cancer . I began my fight by learning important first steps in breast cancer detection , and will not end my fight until every woman can stand together saying we are breast cancer free . More than anything else , I have faith -- faith we will find a cure . I saw this commitment in the faces of the women in Washington -- in the faces of the women walking and the women and men who stood on the sidelines encouraging the 3,500 participants to the finish line . I was cheering right along with them , screaming for action to find a cure . Avon 's next walk will take place in New York City on October 4 and 5 .	"  Every three minutes " statistic made Witherspoon feel "  vulnerable " and "  scared " Oscar-winning actress : Young women are not exempt from the disease Witherspoon emphasizes importance of early detection and regular screenings
CNN  -- Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega said Thursday that the nation is breaking relations with Colombia "  in solidarity with the Ecuadoran people . " Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega said the nation is breaking diplomatic relations with Colombia . The move comes after the Organization of American States passed a resolution Wednesday in hopes of easing tensions stemming from an attack by Colombian military on a rebel camp in neighboring Ecuador on Saturday . Since that attack , Ecuador has broken off relations with Colombia , and Venezuela says it has moved troops to its border with Colombia . Ortega made his televised remarks in Managua , where he was flanked by Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa . Colombian forces killed at least 17 members of the leftist group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia on Saturday . FARC is estimated to be holding at least 700 hostages in the jungles of Colombia and has been accused by the United States of being a terrorist organization . "  This rupture of relations is n't with the people of Colombia , " Ortega said . "  We are breaking with the terrorist policies that the government of -LSB- Colombian President -RSB- Alvaro Uribe is practicing . " In its resolution , the OAS called the attack "  a violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ecuador and of principles of international law . " It ordered a commission , headed by OAS Secretary-General Jose Miguel Insulza and composed of four ambassadors designated by him , to visit both countries to investigate the matter , "  and to propose formulas for bringing the two nations closer together . " Colombian officials have apologized for taking their attack against the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia into Ecuador but said it was necessary to counter a threat to their national security . Colombian officials also said they discovered evidence after the attack that Ecuadoran and Venezuelan government officials were collaborating with the group -- namely that Chavez allegedly gave $ 300 million to the rebels and that a senior Ecuadoran official met with them . " -LSB- They -RSB- are making things up and there 's no limit to what they 'll make up , " Chavez said at a news conference on Wednesday . Correa has said his country would only be satisfied when the OAS issues a "  clear condemnation " against Colombia for the raid . OAS foreign ministers are to meet March 17 in Washington "  to examine the facts and make the pertinent recommendations , " the resolution concluded . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday that he saw little chance of war erupting between Colombia , Ecuador and Venezuela . Learn more about the countries " Gates added that the United States would not need to assist its Colombian allies should armed conflict break out . "  My personal view is that there is relatively little likelihood of a military conflict between them , and my further impression is that the Colombians can take care of themselves , " he said at the Pentagon . E-mail to a friend	NEW : President Daniel Ortega said move "  in solidarity " with Ecuador On Saturday , Colombia 's military attacked a rebel camp in Ecuador U.S. official : Small chance Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador will fight
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- Whitney Houston 's journey "  home " ended with a private burial in New Jersey on Sunday as questions persist about what caused the superstar 's death . A crowd gathered at the entrance to Fairview Cemetery in Westfield , south of Newark , where Houston 's body arrived late Sunday morning . She was laid to rest next to her father in the cemetery . Her burial brings an end to her "  coming home , " as her family dubbed the invitation-only memorial service held a day earlier at her childhood church in Newark . The family-only burial is in contrast to the emotionally charged , star-studded memorial service held at New Hope Baptist Church , where Houston , nicknamed "  Nippy , " was soloing in the junior choir by age 11 . "  Jesus Loves Me " was the last song Houston sang in public before her death on February 11 in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 48 . So it was fitting that the mourners -- comforted and encouraged by the likes of Stevie Wonder , Alicia Keys and R. Kelly -- heard the simple , but powerful , "  Jesus Loves Me , " this time performed by CeCe Winans . The mourners inside the church represented an amalgamation of Houston 's life , from childhood friends to gospel singers , from music stars to movie stars . "  You literally felt like this was just a girl from New Jersey who had a few famous friends , and it was such a celebration of life , " CNN producer Raelyn Johnson , who attended the funeral , said Sunday . "  It is the same church service that will go on in so many churches across the country this morning ... and it was celebration , it was singing , it was praise for three hours . " Johnson said . "  And it was n't until the very end that you remembered that this was a funeral and a very sad day for a lot of people . " Kevin Costner , who cast Houston in her first role alongside him in "  The Bodyguard , " recalled how she questioned whether she was good enough , beautiful enough to be cast in the film . "  It was the burden that made her great and the part that caused her to stumble in the end , " he said . For her closest friends inside the church , and strangers who continue to draw inspiration from her voice , Costner 's words hit a painfully honest note about human frailty . Years after "  The Bodyguard " hit theaters , reports of Houston 's struggles with drug addiction and a rocky marriage with Bobby Brown surfaced and her album sales declined . "  The inexplicable burden that comes with fame , " Costner said . "  Call it doubt . Call it fear . I 've had mine . I know the famous in the room have had theirs . " Costner said Houston 's own story could help a new generation of young girls who dream big . "  Maybe they 're thinking they are n't good enough , " he said . "  I think Whitney would tell you : Guard your bodies . Guard the precious miracle of your life . Then sing your hearts out , knowing that there 's a lady in heaven who 's making God himself wonder how He created something so perfect . " One of the most emotional moments in the service came when Keys recalled how Houston helped her and others achieve success . "  She reached back to so many people ; she reached back to me , to Monica and Brandy ... and just made us feel strong and capable and loved , " she said . Keys ended her tribute to Houston by singing "  Send Me an Angel , " her voice soaring into the rafters of the sanctuary . Oprah Winfrey , Mary J. Blige , Mariah Carey , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Spike Lee were among those who attended . "  It was n't until the very last moment that you pinched yourself and said , ` There 's Oprah Winfrey with a face full of tears , there 's Tyler Perry with a face full of tears , " said Johnson , recalling the moment that Houston 's casket was carried out of the church . "  It all really sunk in and got really , really heavy . " Houston 's former husband , Bobby Brown , also arrived at the service but left soon after . Brown walked by Houston 's casket with his head down before the service began and then left . Brown accused security of treating his family badly and barring him from visiting with his daughter , an account that Houston 's family denied . Brown was expected to attend with two guests but showed up with 10 people and sat in a section reserved for family , a close friend of the Houston family told CNN on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . When Brown refused to reseat his entourage to make room for Houston 's mother , the family asked police to intervene , the family member said . Mourners heard only a few indirect references to her personal battles . A close family friend told CNN recently that Houston had not used "  hard drugs " for several years . Investigators are examining prescription drugs found in her hotel room . At the time of her death , Houston was in the Los Angeles area for the annual Grammy Awards and was to attend a party hosted by her longtime mentor and record producer , Clive Davis . She was discovered dead in her hotel suite at the upscale Beverly Hilton . Investigators are contacting doctors and pharmacies across the country , seeking answers about prescriptions found in Houston 's hotel room and whether they played a role in her death , a source with knowledge of the investigation recently told CNN . The source spoke on condition of anonymity citing the ongoing investigation . Houston 's death certificate is only fueling speculation after coroners deferred making a determination as to the cause of death pending the outcome of toxicology tests . The investigation also sparked questions on her behavior during her final days , with authorities examining video from her television appearances as well as other reports to determine her physical state leading up to her death on the eve of the Grammy Awards , the source said . CNN 's Jason Carroll reported from Newark and Chelsea J. Carter , from Atlanta . CNN 's Denise Quan , Moni Basu , Melissa Gray , K.J. Matthews , Don Lemon , Phil Gast , Cathy Straight and Eden Pontz contributed to this report .	Whitney Houston laid to rest at Fairview Cemetery She is placed next to her father during a private service The family-only burial comes after a star-studded memorial service
CNN  -- Madonna wants you to start a revolution . The superstar spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday about her new project , Art for Freedom . With it , she is inviting fans to submit original video , music , poetry and photography to fight oppression , intolerance and complacency through art . Through Art for Freedom , she explains , "  We have created this platform to give people around the world an opportunity to answer the question : ` What does freedom mean to you ? ' " "  I 'm encouraging other people , whether they 're professionals or not , to use their creativity to express themselves , to get a conversation going , to get the party started , really , " Madonna told Cooper . In September , Madonna revealed what was then only known as #secretprojectrevolution in 10 cities , including Los Angeles and New York City . Those in attendance were treated to a "  call to action " film the singer created with photographer Steven Klein , in partnership with VICE Media and BitTorrent . Cooper caught up with a relaxed Madonna , who joked that she was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after a grueling workout . But the artist was clearly passionate about the subject and even asked her son Rocco to wait a moment while the interview ran long . Cooper and Madonna had a wide-ranging conversation , touching upon her favorite quote from author James Baldwin  "  I do n't separate the human spirit from the artistic spirit "  to what ever happened to that Boy Scout uniform Madonna wore to the GLAAD awards earlier this year .  Each of her kids claimed an article of clothing , but "  I kept the combat boots , " Madonna said . "  I 'll need those for my revolution . " Here are some highlights from the interview : Anderson Cooper : I 've heard you call this project the most important thing you 've done , besides raising your children . Madonna : Yes . Obviously , I feel a great sense of responsibility being a good parent and raising my children . I do n't take that job very lightly . Who they are , what they become and what they contribute to the world is very important to me . No slacking in that area , thank god , but the same goes with this film . I 've put in I do n't know how many man hours , I 've poured my own money into it . Steven Klein has done the same . We 've done it for no financial gain ,  and  also not to promote any product in particular . The only reason we 're doing this is because we want to shed light on subjects that need to have light shed on  them  . I do see that the world that we live in is collapsing to a certain extent , and civilization as we know it is caving in on itself . I believe that we are at a very low level of consciousness , and we do not know how to treat each other as human beings . We are caught up in our own lives , our own needs , our own ego gratification . I feel a strong sense of responsibility in delivering that message . Madonna : Get the fast facts Cooper : It seems there is an optimism in what you 're doing . Madonna : Of course . I 'm doing it because I believe in the ultimate good of humanity , but a lot of times push has to come to shove . I think you 've noticed yourself over the years that , when do people really want to come to the rescue of others ? When there 's a catastrophe . When 9/11 happens , or when the floods happen in New Orleans , or when the bombs happened in Boston . What happens ? People come together . Suddenly , people say , what can I do to help ? What can I do to be of service ? What I 'm trying to say is , why do we have to be pushed to the worst-case scenarios to bring out the best in ourselves to be the best version of ourselves that we can be ? Madonna is 2013 's top-earning celebrity Cooper : I went to the opening of "  secretprojectrevolution " in New York and you incorporated some words from James Baldwin . I 'm not quoting directly , but he said , only the artist can truly see and describe the human condition . I do n't think that 's something a lot of people really think about , but that 's something clearly you believe in very strongly -- that art can actually make a change in people 's lives . Madonna : I believe that . And I think that it used to make a much bigger change in people 's lives in the days when people were not censored . In the days when branding was n't in charge . Now , in order for people to get their stuff out there , they have to be associated with a brand and once you start associating with a brand , unfortunately , the brand starts to censor you . And then suddenly it 's not your pure vision anymore . Imagine if someone like John Lennon or Bob Marley , Sid Vicious , Picasso , whomever , were doing their work and some corporation , some CEO , some branding entity was saying to you , well you can do that , but you 've got to remove this aspect of your work . There would no longer be that purity anymore . We would n't have their gift . We would n't learn from what they had to share with us . I 'm all for noncensorship and freedom of expression . Enjoy Madonna 's Instagram video on her interview with Anderson Cooper as she gets a little housework done . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Madonna has launched a new project titled Art for Freedom She talked Thursday with CNN 's Anderson Cooper about her project She is encouraging people to fight oppression , intolerance and complacency through art "  It 's the most important thing I 've ever done , besides raising my children , " Madonna says
RollingStone.com  -- "  One of the things that made Walt and Skyler fall in love with each other was that he has a brilliant mind and so does she , " says Anna Gunn of the character she plays on "  Breaking Bad " -- leaving no doubt that she , for one , sees unlikely drug lord Walter White and his increasingly horrified wife Skyler as equals . It 's not just talk : Gunn 's the finest female foil for a male antihero on television right now , turning in a quietly crushing performance as an intelligent , independent woman slowly getting sucked into the gravitational maw of her husband 's monstrousness . That conflict has led to her stunning breakdown on this week 's episode -- and to Skyler joining the growing number of women characters on major TV dramas singled out by furious fans . Was Skyler 's car-wash meltdown her crawlspace moment ? Yeah , I think that 's a pretty fair way to look at it . It 's obviously the first time that anybody has seen her break like this . She just snapped . Walt 's complete obliviousness to her emotional state in recent episodes had to have played a part in why she finally broke down . He used to be more attuned to her , if only to be a more effective liar , but now it 's like he 's on another planet and she 's completely alone . She is . And she 's more terrified than she 's ever been in this whole thing , because she does n't know what he 's capable of . In playing these early episodes , whenever he comes into a room that I 'm in , there was a feeling of me wanting to move as little as possible , wanting to breathe as little as possible , almost like you 're prey and you know somebody 's looking at you through the crosshairs . That was the feeling of it : "  Maybe if I do n't make any sudden moves , maybe if I do n't speak too loudly , he wo n't do anything . " Why do you think it was Marie who provoked her breakdown ? I thought that was really clever . Despite the humorous side of their relationship -- well , humorous to the audience -- where Marie nitpicks and pokes at her sister all the time , I do n't think Marie means to do that . They both really love each other . Betsy -LSB- Brandt -RSB- and Vince -LSB- Gilligan -RSB- and I have discussed this : "  Where 's their family ? " You never hear about the rest of the family , the mom and dad , at all . We made the assumption that we did not have a particularly happy or easy childhood , and that led to the two of us sticking together , because they 're very close . For actors , you 've got ta sometimes fill in your backstory . At least that 's what I did , very specifically -- that I needed Marie , and I love her , and I know she does n't mean ill . But Skyler has not been able to let this stuff out to anyone -- only her divorce lawyer . It 's been building up in her so much that at this point she 's like a pot about to boil over . Marie just happened to push her buttons that day . And both because of the closeness of their relationship , and because of who Marie is and how she expresses herself by rattling on ... on that particular day , there 's not one more thing Skyler can handle , not one more thing she can take , so she just blows her top . By the end of the episode , I started wondering for the very first time if Skyler would resort to violence to escape her situation . What is her escape route at this point ? This is what is stressing her right now . During the last couple of seasons it 's like , "  Do I want to run away with the kids ? Do I turn him into the police ? What do I do ? " It 's a constant wheel that turns in her head . When she realizes that he was responsible for Gus Fring 's death , that 's the bottom falling out of her life . When she walks out and she sees Junior watching Scarface and they 're quoting the movie together , in light of everything else that 's happened , it 's so quietly horrifying to her that all she can do is turn around and walk back to her room . She knows that there 's no saying , "  Walt , please do n't do that . " They 're past that . She 's also in a state of depression at this point , a sinking-into-yourself where the feeling is , "  I do n't really want to try . Why bother ? Why bother doing anything ? " But , within that , there 's still really desperate wheels turning . I do n't think she cares about herself anymore -- she 's just thinking , "  How can I keep my kids safe ? " She does not have the answer , but she 's definitely looking for it . And you know what ? She 'd do anything to ensure that . She is desperate enough to do anything . There 's been a backlash against Skyler , something she has in common with women characters on a variety of big dramas about men who tend behave much worse than they do . Do you have a sense of why this happens ? Does it faze you at all ? Some of it is still the double standard in our society -- that it 's more acceptable for a man to be this antihero badass doing all these things that break the law or are really awful . People watching want to be Walt , or they identify with him . He does n't have to answer to anybody . He does what he wants . There 's a fantasy element to that , I think . I also think that in some ways , there 's kind of a sexism to it , honestly . Sometimes ... -LSB- pauses -RSB- I 've been told particularly , how do you say ... non-flattering or just really vicious -- you could use the word vitriolic -- angry stuff about Skyler , or about other female characters on other shows . The hatred and the vitriol and the venom and the nastiness and the attacks are so personal sometimes that it feels like , "  Oh gosh , OK , I get that you do n't like Skyler , you like Walt , you 're on his side , but it just feels different . " I do n't feel like that stuff would be written about a male character . Honestly , Skyler is sometimes the biggest impediment to Walt doing whatever he wants . For the people who love Heisenberg , who love the badass Walt , when Skyler says , "  No , you should n't do that , " they 're like , "  What is her deal !? What 's wrong with her ? " -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I can understand that . I can . But having looked at articles that cite other female characters being attacked like this , I find it disturbing just in terms of a cultural phenomenon . I 'm not saying everyone who 's into the show and has an opinion is like that , but I feel there 's an element of that in there , and it 's an interesting gender issue . I 'm glad that people are talking about it . I caught up with "  Breaking Bad " in a huge Netflix binge , and spending that much time in that world messed me up , emotionally . How do you feel at the end of shooting a season ? Pretty much the same way . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- After we shoot certain scenes , I feel like I need to take a shower . A long , hot one . I 've got about a thirty-minute ride home from the studio to where I live in Albuquerque , so that ride is important . Music is selected carefully to help me shed it . Sometimes in watching the episode , I will start to feel , in my body , the way I felt when I was filming the scene . Like at the end of Episode 2 , where Walt climbs in the bed next to Skyler -- I felt this feeling of -LSB- makes gagging sound -RSB- in my body , the same feeling that was going on during the filming it . I ca n't watch it too close to bedtime . See full story at RollingStone.com .	Anna Gunn plays the wife of a drug lord on "  Breaking Bad There has been a backlash against Gunn 's character Skyler White The actress says some scenes can be emotionally taxing
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuain each scored twice as Real Madrid beat city rivals Getafe 4-2 on Thursday to move back above Barcelona at the top of the Spanish Primera Liga table . Real Madrid 's 10th successive league victory ensured Manuel Pellegrini 's side move above Barcelona on goal difference , just 24 hours after the defending champions had gone top with a 2-0 win over Osasuna . Four goals in the opening 37 minutes set the visitors on their way , with Ronaldo opening the scoring in the 13th minute with a superb free-kick . Higuain made it 2-0 just seven minutes later after converting Rafael van der Vaart 's pass and he added a third within three minutes after being put through by fellow-Argentine Fernando Gago . That goal was Higuain 's 22nd of the season , equalling his tally for the whole of last season . And Ronaldo made it 4-0 for a rampant Real side in the 37th minute -- cutting inside from the right before thundering home a superb shot into the top corner . But Getafe refused to lie down and pulled a goal back almost immediately when former Madrid player Dani Parejo dispossessed goalkeeper Iker Casillas before firing into an empty net . And the home side added a second consolation goal with 10 minutes remaining when Pedro Leon slotted home after Javi Casquero 's shot had deflected off Raul Albiol . Meanwhile , Juventus continue to struggle in Italy 's Serie A and they slumped to another defeat on Thursday , 3-1 at Napoli -- who moved up to sixth place in the table , one ahead of Juve . The evening started well for Alberto Zaccheroni 's side and they took an early lead when defender Giorgio Chiellini nodded home from close range . The home side missed a penalty early in the second half before levelling when Fabio Quagliarella 's superb cross from the left was headed home by Marek Hamsik , who had been the guilty party from the spot . Hamsik then set up Quagliarella to put Napoli ahead with 18 minutes remaining and the points were sealed with two minutes left when Ezequiel Lavezzi slotted home .	Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Giguain both score twice for Real Madrid The pair help Real defeat city rivals Getafe 4-2 in Spain 's Primera Liga Madrid move above Barcelona to top the league table on goal difference
CNN  -- The debate over funding for the Federal Emergency Management Agency continued Wednesday as federal officials traveled to New Jersey and New York to check on local recovery and response efforts after Hurricane Irene . The agency 's disaster relief fund has less than $ 800 million remaining and could run out before the end of the current fiscal year on September 30 . With conservative House Republicans , led by Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , calling for spending cuts to offset any increase in emergency funds -- a measure opposed by many Democrats -- the ability of Congress to act quickly on the issue remains uncertain . "  Right now , we 're continuing our obligations to respond " with rescue operations and meeting the immediate needs of storm survivors , FEMA administrator Craig Fugate said Wednesday . The only thing the agency has done , he said , is state that it wo n't be able to fund permanent work from disasters that has not yet been started . "  We are postponing the permanent work , " he said . But search-and-rescue teams are on the ground , he said , and food and water is being handed out to those in need . "  This is a team effort , " he said . " ... Americans help Americans in disasters . We 're doing our job . We 're working hard . " Mayor Jeffery Jones of Paterson , New Jersey , said he was "  outraged " about the funding dispute . "  Mother Nature has a mind of her own , a will of her own , and we ca n't have the petty wrangling going on when we have folks in dire need , " he said . Gov. Chris Christie echoed those sentiments during a news conference Wednesday , saying , "  We do n't have time to wait for folks in Congress to figure out how they want to offset this stuff with the budget cuts . Our people are suffering now . And they need support now . " "  Nobody that got hit with this flooding dodged a bullet , " Fugate said Wednesday . "  Loss of life , extensive damages , homes flooded . ... It may not have been as big a deal on the coast , but these flood areas definitely got hit hard . " Irene killed 43 people from Florida to New England as it marched up the Eastern Seaboard over the weekend , dumping torrential rain . Some of the worst flooding struck Vermont , New Jersey and upstate New York . More than 1.8 million customers remained without electricity Wednesday from North Carolina to Maine , the U.S. Department of Energy said -- a decrease from the 2.8 million reported Tuesday afternoon . Outage figures include more than 366,000 in Connecticut and 323,000 in New York . The Passaic River in northern New Jersey seemed to mock the town of Little Falls as the water surging through it looked more like Niagara Falls . "  Before Irene hit , the Passaic River was already running high from frequent precipitation this summer , " Wheeler Antabanez of neighboring Montclair said . "  When the hurricane blew through and dumped all that water on north Jersey , the river began to rage . " About 1,700 residents were evacuated from their homes in Wayne , Totowa , Little Falls , Paterson and Woodland Park , said Edward O'Connell , a spokesman for Passaic County 's Office of Emergency Management . President Barack Obama will travel to Paterson on Sunday to view damage from Hurricane Irene , the White House announced . Rescues were still taking place Wednesday , Jones said . "  All it takes is someone to call and say they 're under distress , and we and our boats are going out and taking people to safety , " he said . City officials were opening schools and other facilities to serve as shelters , he said . "  It 's been pretty much 24 hours a day , " said Sgt. Alex Popov of the Paterson Police Department . Once floodwaters begin to recede , the next step will include going house to house and checking furnaces , hot water heaters and other appliances to reduce the risk of explosions when they are restarted , Jones said . Asked about those who did not heed an evacuation warning , Jones said , "  I do n't think folks were aware -- nor were we aware -- that it could get this extreme . " Flood warnings remained in effect for portions of New Jersey on Wednesday , along with parts of North Carolina , Virginia , Pennsylvania , New York , Connecticut and Massachusetts . Also Wednesday , Obama signed disaster declarations for New Jersey , North Carolina and New York . "  I think the conversation of hype is being hyped , " Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Wednesday on the debate over whether Irene was overhyped . "  The reality is , the people of Connecticut are hurting . ... Although it 's sunny outside , we 're still experiencing the effects . " He said homes and infrastructure have been destroyed and the Connecticut River basin has experienced heavy flooding . Much of the damage is seen in the state 's rural areas , he said . "  We have farms that are under water . " Consolidated Edison reported that it met its goal to restore power to nearly all New York City customers by Tuesday night , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement Wednesday . Work to restore power elsewhere was ongoing Wednesday . The full extent of Irene 's destruction wo n't be known for some time . The federal government estimates that the cost from wind damage alone will exceed $ 1 billion . Analysts have put the total expected cost of Irene much higher . Vermont transportation officials were able to make emergency repairs on roads to all but one of about a dozen previously isolated towns , officials said . Air drops were being made to three towns . The National Guard is carrying supplies to other communities , said Mark Bosma , spokesman for Vermont Emergency Management . Because the repaired roads are intended for emergency and supply delivery traffic , residents will have to wait for more permanent repairs to resume their old driving habits . That is expected to take at least several weeks or months in some cases . "  We 've transitioned into the recovery stage for the most part , " Bosma said . "  The worst is over . " The Vermont Campground Association reported that only two of its seven member campgrounds suffered significant damage , and more than 70 campgrounds will be open for the coming Labor Day weekend . "  Some are cleaning up downed trees , but most are ready for visitors , " said Peter Daniels , the association 's executive director , in a prepared statement . Most roads leading to campgrounds are open , the association said . The two campgrounds that suffered extensive damage -- Camping on the Battenkill in Arlington and Abel Mountain Campground in Braintree -- remained closed . Storm cleanup efforts also were ongoing in the Bahamas on Wednesday , a week after Irene struck there . The National Emergency Management Agency was coordinating the shipment of goods to Rum Cay , Cat Island , Crooked Island and Acklins , according to Bahamas Information Services . A shipment of goods from Jamaica was received by Mayaguana on Saturday . Meanwhile , some of the areas that escaped Irene without major damage -- such as the state of Maryland -- still took a direct hit in the pocketbook . Maryland lost more than $ 2 million in direct revenue over the past weekend , including an estimated $ 1.75 million in sales tax revenue and $ 150,000 in withholding taxes due to the evacuation of Ocean City , according to Maryland Comptroller Peter Franchot . Officials estimated a $ 60,000 loss in gas tax revenue because of canceled weekend trips , and a loss of roughly $ 45,000 in toll revenue from the Chesapeake Bay Bridge . Additionally , Ocean City lost nearly $ 40,000 of admissions and amusement tax revenue from its many attractions and events But Franchot did not question the decision to evacuate the town . "  Given the disastrous impact of this storm on other parts of our country ... am profoundly grateful that Ocean City and the state of Maryland as a whole weathered this storm with minimal injury or loss of life , " he said in a statement . CNN 's Mike Alhlers , Phil Gast , Ed Payne and Melanie Whitley and CNN iReport 's Germain Perez and Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	New Jersey Gov. Christie hits congressional budget disputes "  We do n't have time to wait for ... Congress to figure out how ... to offset this stuff " "  Our people are suffering now . And they need support now , " Christie says Power is restored to nearly all customers in New York City
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge has approved a $ 41 million civil rights settlement to five black and Hispanic men wrongfully convicted in the horrific beating and rape of a white female jogger in New York 's Central Park in 1989 , Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a statement Friday . The sensational case polarized the city along racial lines and became emblematic of a state of rampant crime . Five minority teenagers , who became known as the Central Park Five , were coerced amid public uproar into making incriminating statements and convicted in 1990 . "  This settlement is an act of justice for those five men that is long overdue , " de Blasio said in the statement . "  We can finally put this case behind us , and these five men and their families can begin to heal these wounds and move forward . " The agreement between the city law department and the five men -- who served between seven and 13 years in prison -- averaged about $ 1 million per year of incarceration , was reached in June . One of the men , Kharey Wise , served 13 years in prison . Kevin Richardson , Antron McCray , Yusef Salaam and Raymond Santana Jr. each served about seven years . The approval of a federal judge in U.S. District Court in Manhattan , where the men filed their civil rights lawsuit , was the final step for the settlement to take effect . On April 19 , 1989 , a 28-year-old Wall Street investment banker jogging through Central Park was raped , viciously beaten and left for dead . She would have no memory of the attack . That same night , a group of black and Latino boys had been in the park , throwing rocks at cars and assaulting people in a practice the media and law enforcement at the time called "  wilding . " An investigation led to the arrest of five teens who were accused of rampaging through the park in a "  wolf pack " and preying on innocent victims . They were charged and convicted . The victim , Trisha Meili , kept her identity hidden for 14 years until the publication of her book , "  I Am the Central Park Jogger . " Three of the convicted young men had finished their prison terms , one was on parole and the fifth was in jail on an unrelated offense when Matias Reyes , a serial rapist and murderer in 2002 confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone . DNA analysis later determined that Reyes did rape the jogger and that hair evidence used in the boys ' trials did not match . Robert M. Morgenthau , the Manhattan district attorney at the time , ordered a new investigation and , on his recommendation , a judge vacated the convictions . "  To the extent that the evidence suggests that these five young men were wrongfully convicted and sentenced to substantial prison terms for a crime they did not commit , that in and of itself constitutes an injustice in need of redress , " Corporation Counsel Zachary Carter said in a statement Friday . But Carter said the settlement "  should not be construed as an acknowledgment that the convictions ... were the result of law enforcement misconduct . " "  On the contrary , our review of the record suggests that both the investigating detectives and the Assistant District Attorneys involved in the case acted reasonably , given the circumstances with which they were confronted , " he said . "  In the end , however , that is an issue that would ultimately be determined by a jury at trial , absent a settlement of this litigation . We have determined that a resolution of this matter is in the best interests of the City . " Three exonerated in Central Park jogger case thank supporters	Five men were wrongly convicted in the horrific attack on a jogger in 1989 They served years in prison before being exonerated The sensational case polarized New York City along racial lines In 2002 , a serial rapist and murderer confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The family of a British soldier serving in Afghanistan has been forced from their home after a poisonous spider hitched a ride back with him and apparently killed their pet dog . The camel spider 's bite is not deadly to humans but can kill small animals . Lorraine Griffiths and her three children , aged 18 , 16 , and 4 , moved out of their house in Colchester , southeast England , and are refusing to return until the spider is apprehended , the UK Press Association reported . Griffiths told the East Anglian Daily Times that the spider appeared after her husband , Rodney , returned from a four-month tour of duty in Helmand province , the arid southern Afghan frontline in the fight against Taliban extremists . "  My son Ricky was in my bedroom looking for his underwear , and he went into the drawer under my bed , and something crawled across his hand , " she told the paper . She said their pet dog Cassie confronted the creature , which they identified on the Internet as a camel spider , but ran out whimpering when it hissed at her . Watch the family that has been terrorized by the spider " "  It seems too much of a coincidence that she died at the same time that we saw the spider , " she said . The desert-dwelling camel spider , actually an insect rather than an arachnid , can run up to 25 kilometers  15 miles  an hour and reach 15 centimeters  6 inches  in length . Its bite is not deadly to humans but can kill small animals .	UK family forced from home as poisonous insect hitches in from Afghanistan Camel spider believed to have stowed away in soldier 's luggage Family blames creature for death of pet dog Cassie
London  CNN  -- Fabrice Muamba , the soccer player who collapsed during a game Saturday , may never return to professional football , according to a London heart specialist . In an interview with CNN affiliate ITN , consultant cardiologist Dr. Iqbal Malik , from Hammersmith Hospital , said it was "  very much in doubt " that he could resume his professional career . The 23-year-old Bolton Wanderers player , originally from the Democratic Republic of Congo , is currently in a critical condition at the London Chest Hospital after collapsing during a match with Tottenham Hotspur . Players pray for recovery Dr. Malik said the treatment he received on the pitch was crucial to his survival , and his chances of making a recovery better than someone who collapses in the street due to the medical facilities at the stadium . "  It 's almost the ideal place because of course Premiership players are well looked after so he goes in with very good health and top of that he 's being actively watched during the game , " he said . "  The paramedics arrived immediately , the resuscitation attempt started immediately and the defibrillator -- which is the life-saving maneuver -- happened within a couple of minutes . Within the first three minutes if you can get the heart restarted , then you 've got a good chance of survival . " The specialist who works at one of London 's heart attack centers said there would now be concern about whether the young footballer had suffered brain damage . "  It may be that because he 's young and fit he 'll make a great recovery but the question is more about his brain than his heart . I think his heart will recover quickly from this , but has there been enough bloody supply going to his brain during the time of his cardiac arrest to make sure he 's neurologically intact ? "  We want to see that he wakes up and starts communicating -- that 's the next step . " Dr. Malik believes the cardiac arrest was probably caused by an existing condition . "  Despite all of the screening , there is still an instance of about two in 100,000 of this sort of thing occurring . It 's much rarer than in the general population because these are fit young guys , but you can not pick up the subtle abnormalities . " He said the next 48 hours would be crucial . "  I 'm more worried about -LSB- whether -RSB- he is going to wake up and be the person he was before . "	Fabrice Muamba collapsed during a football match Saturday evening Heart specialist Dr. Iqbal Malik says his professional career has to be in "  much doubt " Dr. Malik says he received crucial treatment in the first few minutes
CNN  -- Mark Webber will start on pole position for Sunday 's Monaco Grand Prix but it was seven-time champion Michael Schumacher who qualified fastest after a flying lap which evoked memories of his finest years . The 43-year-old Schumacher brought a five-place grid penalty to Monte Carlo after his collision with Bruno Senna at the Spanish Grand Prix so will have to settle for sixth on the grid . But the form he showed in driving his Mercedes to a time of one minute 14.301 seconds suggested he has lost none of his former pace if supplied with a competitive car . To back that up , his teammate and fellow German Nico Rosberg will start on front row with Red Bull 's Webber after producing the third best lap of the day . But all eyes were on Schumacher , who drove a lap of celebration with one finger in the air in celebration . Bernie : I 'll run F1 until I die "  I 'm grateful to all the trust Mercedes had in me and supported me . I 'm able to give back a little bit in qualifying and hope I can give more back tomorrow , " he told gathered reporters . Australia 's Webber also produced a brilliant lap to out qualify his teammate , two-time defending champion and championship leader Sebastian Vettel . The German will start from a lowly ninth on the grid . Webber sportingly accepted that it had been Schumacher who had claimed the spotlight , but he is well placed to repeat his 2010 win in on the classic street circuit . "  It is Michael 's day , " he told the official post-race press conference . "  That was a good lap from him . It was a tight session and lots of different people arrived at the back end of qualifying with different situations with tires . "  It was a pretty good lap and I 'm happy with it . It 's a very good position to be starting tomorrow . " Pastor Maldonado , who won the Spanish GP for Williams to become the fifth different winner this season in five races , qualified ninth fastest but was relegated 10 places . Stewards took a dim view of the Venezuelan impeding Sergio Perez of Mexico during an earlier practice session Saturday . Britain 's Lewis Hamilton will go from third place on the grid but his McLaren teammate Jenson Button was only 12th best . Frenchman Romain Grosjean of Lotus will start fourth ahead of the two Ferraris of two-time champion Spaniard Fernando Alonso and Brazilian Felipe Massa . Finn Kimi Raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , was eighth for Lotus .	Mark Webber on pole for Sunday 's Monte Carlo Grand Prix Michael Schumacher fastest but had five-place grid penalty Nico Rosberg will start on front row with Webber Pastor Maldonado relegated 10 places for practice misdemeanor
CNN  -- Don Price 's passion for military airplanes flows through his veins , passed down from his father 's stories of piloting Boeing B-17s in World War II . These days , Price restores those planes and , in doing so , rekindles a connection with his father . Restoration is a complicated and expensive process -- Price worked on one plane for five years -- but he says the payoff is worth it . "  As a kid , you look at war more romantically . It 's good versus bad , like cops and robbers , " he said . "  But as you get older and you realize what they physically had to go through , the hardships , it changes your perspective . " So when he learned a restored B-17 known as the Liberty Belle was consumed by fire after making an emergency landing in an Illinois cornfield Monday , Price felt as though he had lost a family member . The seven people aboard the Belle escaped with minor injuries but the plane , which cost more than $ 3 million to restore , was reduced to a charred shell as firefighters struggled to put out the fire . The passengers aboard were all members of the Liberty Foundation , which owned the plane . The Belle toured the country offering paid flights to World War II veterans and aviation enthusiasts . "  The Liberty Belle was the first B-17 that I got to ride on , " Price said . "  It 's a huge loss . " Though the plane had been grounded for maintenance issues over the weekend , it was cleared for flight on Monday . Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board said an inspection will be carried out to determine the cause of the fire . "  From what I can tell from the pictures , the pilot made a spectacular landing , " Price said . "  He got the landing gear down and found the best field possible . If they had crash-landed it , no one would 've gotten out of the plane . " He said he vividly recalls looking at the massive Boeing B-17 with wide-eyed wonder on a family trip to the Wright-Patterson Air Force Museum . Price , then 4 years old , crawled through the shiny aluminum plane out the back door and into his father 's arms . "  This is the plane I flew in the war , " his father told him . Growing up , Price heard people call his dad a "  gifted " pilot . He knew he 'd flown what was dubbed The Flying Fortress during the war . But Price said never thought of Lt. William M. Price III as much more than dad -- until he was much older . As history laid bare the harsh realities of WWII , Price said , he decided to record his father 's experiences . "  I decided to interview him because I started to realize he was one of the heroes that they made movies about , " he said . "  During the time he was flying , he had a one in four chance of finishing a mission alive . " He completed 25 . Lt. Price was assigned to the 384th Bombardment Group  Heavy  of the 8th Air Force at the height of the war . During one of his early missions , he and six other airmen bailed out of their plane over the English Channel after it became apparent that their bullet-riddled bomber would n't make it back to England . They were rescued by an English fisherman . Price was also one of the 43 wounded airmen to return from an air strike on a German ball bearing company during what military historians christened "  Black Thursday . " The Air Force lost 600 men and 60 planes over enemy territory that day , according to the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force . Price survived . More than 60 years after the end of World War II , Don Price refurbishes military airplanes in honor of his father . As a volunteer member in the Gulf Coast Wing of the Commemorative Air Force , Price worked for five years to restore a B-17 known as the Texas Raiders to flying condition . Since 1967 , Commemorative Air Force has spent more than $ 1.1 million to restore Raiders to flying condition , in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration specifications . The most recent restoration work on the plane was completed in October 2009 . Price described the Raiders ' first flight after that as nerve-wracking because he knew the plane had n't left the ground in seven years . "  It was definitely an adrenaline rush to take off and know that it was finally flyable , " he said . "  It was an even happier moment when we landed and knew we could go back up again . " After Monday 's crash , both of the Gulf Coast Wing 's B-17s were grounded as a precaution and will undergo inspection of their fuel systems . Retired naval pilot Felix Usis called the loss of the Belle devastating because the plane was in pristine condition . During World War II , he said , 12,371 B-17s were built . As of Monday , only 14 flight-worthy planes were left . "  We now have one less , " he said . After retiring from years as a commercial airline captain , Usis began volunteering as a military historian at the Military Aviation Museum in Virginia Beach , Virginia . He lamented not only the loss of a historic artifact , but also the Liberty Foundation 's loss of a major investment . "  In 1944 , the cost per delivery of a B-17 was $ 204,370 . If you multiply that figure by the 12,000 that were delivered you can start to see that the cost of war was very expensive even back then . " Sandra Thompson , spokeswoman for the Gulf Coast Wing , noted that most of the B-17 's parts are no longer manufactured . "  When you restore a part that is broken or cracked and corroded , you have to create a part that is no longer produced , " she said . The process , called "  forgery , " can take years of scouring the globe for a company willing to recreate a single part . Generating all the materials necessary to completely restore a plane can add up to hundreds of thousands of dollars . But Thompson said the driving force behind all of the hard work and money lies within the volunteers . "  There is a passion many of us have in seeing the past being given life again through the restoration , " she said . And in seeing families , like the Prices , brought back together again . "  There are so few World War II veterans living today , and when we reintroduce this aircraft with those veterans , it brings tears and old memories back into perspective , " Thompson said . "  That makes it very worthwhile for the volunteers who restore these planes . " World War II service members were always recognized for their contributions to freedom , Price said . But when Vietnam made the military unpopular , his father stopped telling stories . "  I asked him if I could record some of his stories and he was amazed and touched because he thought no one would care about what he 'd done , " he said . "  It took a while for people to figure out that their fathers , uncles and brothers did heroic deeds worth being thankful for . " The World War II generation is often remembered as this nation 's greatest war generation but Price said it 's important to not to forget the men and women in uniform who are still sacrificing for America . "  Part of the hope is that by keeping the history alive and maintaining records of what it took to overcome a totalitarian dictator , we wo n't make some of the same mistakes we did before , " he said . "  Learning more and more from my dad and about him made a world of difference in my world view . I became proud of my country and my father . "	Don Price restores military airplanes as a way to connect with his father Lt. William Price III flew B-17 bombers during World War II Monday , the restored bomber Liberty Belle crashed in Illinois minutes after take-off All seven aboard the plane escaped with minor injuries
FAIRBANKS , Alaska  CNN  -- Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin gave her final speech as Alaska 's governor Sunday before stepping down from her post , telling a Fairbanks crowd that she is resigning "  to chart a new course to advance the state . " Sarah Palin told a crowd in Fairbanks that she accomplished what she had promised as governor . "  Now people who know me , they know how much I love this state ... I feel it is my duty to avoid the unproductive , typical , politics-as-usual , lame-duck session in one 's last year in office , " Palin said , just moments before Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell was sworn in as governor . "  With this decision , now I will be able to fight even harder for you , for what is right and for the truth , " Palin continued . "  And I have never felt you need a title to do that . " Palin -- interrupted briefly by a heckler -- devoted much of her last address to a rundown of her accomplishments as governor , including winning legislative approval for a massive natural gas pipeline and governing "  with fiscal restraint . " "  What I promised , we accomplished , " she told the mostly supportive crowd . Palin has been a polarizing figure in the Republican Party since August , when then-presidential candidate John McCain made her his pick for vice president . At the time , little was known about the first-term governor . Within days , Palin 's face and strong personality was splashed across newspapers , magazines and tabloids . The 45-year-old mother of five startled the political world earlier this month with her announcement that she was resigning as Alaska 's governor . The decision to step down a year and a half before her term ends and her often-disjointed July 3 resignation speech fueled days of debate among political analysts . She has attributed the decision to tremendous pressure , time and the financial burden of a litany of ethics complaints in the past several months . The complaints were without merit and took away from the job she wanted to do for Alaskans , Palin has said . On Sunday , Palin recalled promising ethics reform as a gubernatorial candidate , saying , "  We promised it , and now it is the law . " "  Ironically , it needs additional reform to stop blatant abuse from partisan operatives , " she added . "  I hope the lawmakers will continue that reform . " A nationwide poll released Friday indicates that a majority of Americans have an unfavorable view of the outgoing governor . But the ABC News/Washington Post survey also suggested that seven out of 10 Republican voters maintain a positive opinion of Palin . Fifty-three percent of those questioned in the poll view Palin negatively , with four in 10 holding a positive view of her . The survey suggests that among those respondents , there is doubt about Palin 's leadership skills and her understanding of intricate issues . Fifty-seven percent said they do n't think Palin understands complex issues , and 54 percent do not feel she is a strong leader . Palin opened her Sunday speech with what she called "  some straight talk , " taking on the media and then Hollywood . "  You represent what could and should be a respected , honest profession , and what could and should be a cornerstone of our democracy -- and that 's why our troops are willing to die for you , " she said . "  So how about in honor of the American solider you quit making things up ? " she added , without elaborating . She also warned against "  anti-hunting , anti-Second Amendment circuses from Hollywood " that use "  delicate , tiny celebrity starlets " to push their cause . "  Hollywood needs to know -- we eat , therefore , we hunt , " Palin told a cheering crowd .	Palin transfers power to Alaska 's lieutenant governor In last speech as governor , Palin says she 'll "  fight even harder " for Alaskans Palin says she resigned "  to chart a new course to advance the state " Palin takes the media and Hollywood to task during speech
CNN  -- The son of the-highest ranking CIA officer ever to be sentenced for espionage was sentenced Tuesday to probation and community service for continuing his jailed father 's espionage activities , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Portland , Oregon . Nathan Nicholson pleaded guilty last year to helping his father -- Harold James "  Jim " Nicholson -- restart his spying career while the father was serving a 23-year-prison sentence . He was sentenced to serve five years on probation and complete 100 hours of community service , Gerri Badden , a spokeswoman for the US attorney in Portland . The elder Nicholson pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for Russia , making him the highest-ranking CIA officer imprisoned for espionage . Last month he pleaded guilty to spying for the Russians once again by using his son as an intermediary . He faces sentencing in that case in January , 2010 . According to court documents , Nathan Nicholson , 26 , cooperated with prosecutors in their case against his father after FBI agents confronted him about frequent international travel , in which they suspected Nathan Nicholson of meeting with Russian intelligence agents . During the FBI questioning , Nicholson , who is a former U.S. Army paratrooper admitted to authorities that he had not gone overseas to visit "  a battle buddy " as he had claimed previously . FBI agents then informed Nicholson that lying to them was a federal crime and offered him a chance to change his story , according to one agent 's testimony . At that point , FBI Special Agent John Cooney testified , Nicholson became more "  forthcoming " about his meetings with Russians . Nathan Nicholson told the agents that at his father 's behest , he made trips to California , Mexico , Peru and Cyprus , where he met with Russian government representatives who gave him payments totaling over $ 35,000 in cash . During Nathan Nicholson  s prison visits to his father , according to court records , "  Harold Nicholson spent a significant amount of time advising defendant on how to conduct himself in a clandestine manner as he traveled to and from various international meeting locations . Harold Nicholson tried to impart his CIA training to defendant . " Prosecutors alleged that the Russians paid the elder Nicholson back pay for his prior espionage activities and for information on how he was caught . "  The Russian Federation was specifically interested in how Harold Nicholson got caught by the FBI , " according to a government sentencing memo filed with the court . It added that the information concerned "  who interrogated him after his arrest and the timing of his transfers as a CIA Officer prior to his arrest . " According to court records , the elder Nicholson and his son put the plot into motion after Nathan Nicholson complained to his father that the family was in a precarious financial situation . The sentencing memo said that Nathan Nicholson provided crucial help in the prosecution of his father . The elder Nicholson pleaded guilty on the day that his trial was set to have begun last month and who now faces an additional 20 years in prison . In an October , 2010 , psychological report entered into the court record by prosecutors , Nathan Nicholson took aim at his ex-spy father . "  I wasn  t aware of his selfish side , " Nathan Nicholson said , according to the records . "  I allowed myself to be blind-sided . I was like a lobster in a pot , heated slowly until it was too late . "	The father is the highest-ranking CIA officer ever sentenced for espionage The son pleaded guilty to helping his father restart his spying career from prison The son cooperated with prosecutors He was sentenced to five years on probation and 100 hours of community service
