CNN  -- A late Frank Lampard penalty handed Chelsea a vital 2-1 win over English Premier League leaders Manchester United to breath new life into the title race . Alex Ferguson 's side had taken the lead in the first half thanks to a thunderous strike from England forward Wayne Rooney but Brazil defender David Luiz drew Chelsea level . Then Russia international Yuri Zhirkov drew a foul from Chris Smalling in the 79th minute and Lampard blasted his spot kick high into the net to hand the defending champions a crucial win . United 's misery was compounded in injury time as Serbian defender Nemanja Vidic was sent off after earning a second yellow card and will now miss the trip to Liverpool on Sunday . The real victors were second-placed Arsenal who can close the gap on United at the top of the table to just one point if they win their game in hand . The Gunners still have to play United at home . Chelsea 's victory keeps alive their faint title hopes and moves them into the Champions League places in fourth but they still trail United by 12 points . After the game Ferguson took aim at referee Martin Atkinson telling Sky Sports : "  It was a bad one to concede the first goal but the penalty kick is so soft , deary me . We played well but we did n't deserve that . That 's three years in a row referee 's decisions have changed the game . " Ferguson also thought Luiz should have been sent off after he blocked Rooney off the ball when he was already on a yellow card : "  It 's incredible , he 'd done Chicarito -LSB- Javier Hernandez -RSB- off the ball , late , nothing done , ref 's in front of it . He does Rooney clear as day and the ref does n't do anything . That changes the game . " Carlo Ancelotti admitted Luiz may have been "  lucky " but said United were still "  too far ahead " for Chelsea to have any realistic chance of retaining their title . Ancelotti again chose to start $ 80.5 million striker Fernando Torres ahead of Didier Drogba , who began on the substitutes bench . Chelsea had the first chance as Florent Malouda connected with Ramires ' cross but his effort was right at United 's veteran Dutch keeper Edwin Van der Sar . Just before the half hour mark United broke the deadlock after Rooney found space outside the area and lashed a low shot into the bottom corner of the net . Chelsea nearly hit back before halftime as Lampard 's free kick was parried by Van der Sar but Branislav Ivanovic could n't convert the rebound . Eight minutes after the interval Chelsea were level as new signing Luiz popped up at the back post to fire a volley inside the post . After half chances at both ends the game was settled from the spot after substitute Zhirkov knocked the ball through Smalling 's legs and was tripped . Lampard hammered the ball into the roof of the net emphatically . Two minutes later Zhirkov almost made the game safe as he crashed a volley towards the bottom corner but Vidic managed to divert the ball onto the post and away for a corner . Fabio almost rescued United with a late run into the box but he could n't reach the ball to apply a finish and Chelsea held out for a confidence-boosting win . Elsewhere , Reading , who play in the second tier of English football , knocked Premier League Everton out of the FA Cup . Matt Mills struck the only goal as he pounced on a rebound to slam a volley into the net on 26 minutes . Reading were thankful to a stunning late save from Alex McCarthy who denied Leon Osman and ensured his side booked a quarterfinal clash with either Manchester City or Aston Villa , who play their fifth round replay on Wednesday .	Chelsea beat Manchester United 2-1 in the English Premier League Frank Lampard 's 79th minute penalty settles a pulsating match Wayne Rooney had given United the lead before David Luiz equalized Vidic sent off as United fail to pull away from second-placed Arsenal
CNN Student News  -- December 13 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Minneapolis , Minnesota • Ivory Coast • Cancun , Mexico Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News , coming to you from Atlanta , Georgia , where we saw some unseasonal snowflakes over the weekend ... in Georgia ! Some parts of the country , though , are dealing with much worse conditions than we are . First Up : Winter Weather AZUZ : Especially the midwestern U.S. . A powerful snowstorm plowed through that part of the country over the weekend . Parts of Wisconsin got more than a foot and a half of snow , the state 's governor declaring a state of emergency for more than 70 counties . What that does is help free up emergency workers and resources to help deal with it . Minnesota got hit pretty badly , too . In Minneapolis , the hometown Vikings were supposed to play an NFL game against the Giants yesterday . But this before-and-after picture shows you why that could n't happen . That is the Metrodome , the Vikings ' stadium . On the left is what the roof is supposed to look like . On the right : what it looked like yesterday . The roof caved in ! This is a dome that 's held up by air pressure . And after it got more than 17 inches of snow , just too much extra weight caused it to fail . Some workers were up on top , trying to shovel off the snow . They 're not sure how long it 's gon na take for the building to open back up . The Vikings game got moved back until tonight , and it 'll be played in Detroit . Holiday Wreath Laying CORAL VIDAL , FORTMAN , MARYLAND : I took my time and then , after I laid the wreath , I said thank you for your service . And I think it 's just awesome being here laying these wreaths . JOHN ROYSTER , WEST POINT , VIRGINIA : I read whose name was there and their dates and said a thank you . These are men and women who have given the ultimate . All gave some , some gave all . AZUZ : Two of the hundreds of volunteers who helped lay wreaths on the gravesites of American troops at Arlington National Cemetery this weekend . It 's a tradition that 's been going on for nearly 20 years , and it happened at hundreds of other cemeteries across the country . I.D. Me APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a West African nation located between Ghana and Liberia . I gained my independence from France in 1960 . My official name is Côte d'Ivoire . Many people know me as Ivory Coast , and I 'm home to around 21 million people . Political Crisis AZUZ : Côte d'Ivoire , or Ivory Coast , is in the middle of a political crisis . After a run-off in the country 's recent presidential election , both candidates -- the current president and one of his opponents -- declared victory . That 's not gon na work . The heads of other West African countries say the idea of two leaders just is n't for Côte d'Ivoire . Christian Purefoy gets us up to speed on the situation . BEGIN VIDEO CHRISTIAN PUREFOY , CNN CORRESPONDENT , LAGOS : Sworn in as President of Ivory Coast , Laurent Gbagbo stands defiant . The Ivorian people did not elect him president , says the international community . This man , Alassane Ouattara , who has also sworn himself in , is the true president , according to the independent electoral commission U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : We are in full agreement that Alassane Ouattara is the rightfully-elected president of Cote d'Ivoire , and that former President Laurent Gbagbo should respect the results of the election and peacefully transfer power to his successor . PUREFOY : Since the election results were announced this month , there has been a dangerous stalemate in Ivory Coast , a standoff threatening to degenerate into civil war . In the early 1990s , Cote d'Ivoire , or Ivory Coast , was the economic powerhouse of West Africa and attracted immigrants from across the region . But as that economic success began to falter , people in the south of the country turned on what they saw as immigrants in the north . And in 2002 , the country was split by civil war . But now , it seems that weeks of regional and international pressure are forcing Gbagbo to the negotiating table . LAURENT GBAGBO , INCUMBENT PRESIDENT OF IVORY COAST -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : There 's no war , and we need to sit down and talk . If there 's a problem , we 'll talk about it . But men do n't hold discussions when things are still hot . They wait for things to cool down to start . So when it 'll cool down , we 'll talk . So , there wo n't be a war . I thank you for all that you have done for the Ivory Coast . We are together and the problems you see now , we will resolve them . PUREFOY : Whatever the discussions , other influential West African leaders say a unity government that includes both leaders is unacceptable . GOODLUCK JONATHAN , PRESIDENT OF NIGERIA : It 's immediate , it 's immediate . Elections have been declared , somebody has won , so he has to hand over . PUREFOY : But talks do not mean action , and for now , the uneasy standoff between the two presidents continues . Christian Purefoy , CNN , Lagos , Nigeria . END VIDEO Climate Conference AZUZ : Okay , from Africa , we 're heading over to Cancun , Mexico , where a two-week conference on climate change ended with an agreement . Representatives from around the world came up with a plan that Mexico 's president is calling the start of "  a new era of cooperation in climate change . " Among other things , the agreement will create a $ 100 billion fund to help developing countries deal with climate change . You see a lot of people clapping here , but not everyone likes this deal . The government of Bolivia says the agreement wo n't be effective . And Bolivia claims that wealthier nations bullied other countries into accepting the deal . This Day in History -LSB- ON SCREEN GRAPHIC -RSB- December 13 , 2000 -- Al Gore concedes defeat to George W. Bush in the U.S. presidential election December 13 , 2003 -- Former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is captured by U.S. soldiers December 13 , 2007 -- The Mitchell Report on the use of performance enhancing drugs in Major League Baseball is released Blog Repot AZUZ : In Memphis , Tennessee , a school 's trying to get students to pull up their saggy pants by giving teachers zip ties that they 'll use as belts on the students ' pants . On our blog , 71 percent of you think the "  no saggy pants " policy is a good idea . Lana likes it , but here 's what she has a problem with : "  The wall of shame that shows photos of students with their pants hiked high . " Most of you do n't agree with the photo board . Brandon says that low riding defines certain people , and adds "  if you do n't like it , do n't look at it . " And Robert argues , "  Teachers do n't have the right to decide what students wear ; it should be up to parents " . But Desiree writes that "  everywhere you turn , there are pants on the ground or someone 's underwear showing . " She bets 80 percent of her school does n't own a belt . Robby calls showing your underwear , "  gross . It would be so embarrassing if a girl saw your underwear . " And Katia calls saggy pants very unattractive , saying , "  I know I do n't wan na see boxers . " Add your comment at CNNStudentNews.com . Remember , it 's first names only ! Shoutout SHELBY ERDMAN , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Williams ' history classes at Canyon Vista Middle School in Austin , Texas ! What is the name of this trophy ? Is it the : A  Hart Trophy , B  Naismith Award , C  Heisman Trophy or D  Cy Young Award ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You 're looking at the Heisman Trophy , the award for the most outstanding college football player . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Heisman Winner AZUZ : This year 's Heisman Trophy winner is Cam Newton , the quarterback from Auburn University . He won the award on Saturday night . Newton has thrown or run for 48 touchdowns this year , leading Auburn to an undefeated season and a spot in the national championship game , and that 's coming up in January . But he 's also been the focus of some controversy . The NCAA ruled that Newton 's father was involved in a pay-for-play scandal . Essentially , he told schools that they had to pay money for Cam to play football there . An NCAA investigation determined that neither Cam Newton nor Auburn knew what Cam 's father was doing , so he 's been cleared to play . Original Rules Sold AZUZ : Just how important are the rules in sports ? We 're about to show you a set of rules that sold for more than $ 4 million ! It 's the "  Founding Rules of Basketball , " written by the man who 's considered the inventor of the game : James Naismith . It 's a 119-year-old document that was auctioned off last Friday . In the original rules , players could pass the ball , but not run with it ; there was no provision for dribbling . And there was n't any physical contact . Things have , of course , changed a bit since then . The couple who bought the rules is hoping to donate them to Kansas University , where Naismith was a coach . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , competitions are n't always fun and games . But here 's one that sure seems like it is . It 's a robotics competition in Maine . But here 's the catch : the robots have to be built from LEGOs . 350 students participate in the event . They had to use LEGOs to build robots that could complete a series of tasks . By watching it , you 'd be pretty impressed . If we had to compete , I do n't even know what kind of robot we 'd design . Goodbye AZUZ : There are a few ideas we could toy around with . Not gon na share any of them , though . After all , we would n't want to LEGO any of our secrets . Whoo ! All right , it 's no secret that CNN Student News returns tomorrow . We 'll look forward to seeing you then . Remember , this is our last week on the air before the break . Take care . See you soon !	A winter storm hammers the Midwest with more snow than some spots could handle There may not be room for two leaders in Cote d'Ivoire following recent elections The original rules of basketball are apparently worth more than $ 4 million Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- As young children , the stress and burden of our life-threatening allergies to a range of common foods , including nuts , seafood , shellfish , eggs and other substances , really fell on our parents more than us . Like many kids , we were unaware and felt invincible . We did n't worry too much about managing our allergies . That changed after the first severe allergic reaction either of us had . Evan was playing at a friend 's house when he ate what he had been assured was a "  fake peanut . " Almost immediately , it was apparent that something was very , very wrong . Luckily , his friend 's dad also happened to be Evan 's doctor ; he treated him immediately , and the incident was resolved . Life-threatening allergies were much less common when we went to school , so we really stood out as the "  strange twins with allergies " -- those guys who had to sit at a separate table by themselves at lunchtime . It is unfortunate that severe allergies are much more widespread now , but there is a silver lining : People and organizations are more aware and better able to support the children and adults who suffer . The idea to develop a new epinephrine auto-injector  commonly known as an EpiPen  , specifically designed for the needs of patients like us , came about the summer after we graduated high school . We were on our way to a family vacation in Europe , and it looked as if , once again , the two of us had not packed our EpiPens . They were too bulky so we often did n't carry them . After the usual finger-pointing and questions about why we did n't carry something that could save our lives , the idea of developing a smaller , more portable type of epinephrine auto-injector was born . At the time , we had recently selected our college majors .  Evan went into the engineering program at the University of Virginia , and Eric chose pre-med/medicine at Virginia Commonwealth University .  We decided to customize our education to develop the skills necessary to make this invention a reality . At the start of each school year we reviewed our course options and decided together which classes to take that would help us achieve our goal . Our first real funding came from winning a collegiate inventors ' grant from the National Collegiate Inventors and Innovators Alliance . It was at that point we knew we were on our way . Soon after we confirmed what we had already suspected : that developing a new pharmaceutical product is extremely complicated . To do it successfully would require deep industry expertise . We founded Intelliject , which now has a leadership team with more than 100 years of combined experience in the pharmaceutical industry . We are fortunate to work with a team of industry veterans who are just as committed to patients as we are . As we say , the patients are the real experts -- we just need to create the opportunities to capture their insight and design products that truly address their needs . Our entire approach puts the user at the center of development from the beginning of the process . It is hard to describe the feeling now that Auvi-Q -- the epinephrine auto-injector that is a culmination of the ideas we had all those years ago -- is available in pharmacies across the United States  and as Allerject in Canada  . If you had asked us on the day of the launch in January , we would have told you that it simply ca n't get any better than this . But we were wrong . About a month after Auvi-Q 's launch , we read a Facebook post in which a mother described how her daughter had a severe allergic reaction . She described how Auvi-Q helped her by "  having a voice walking through the steps in an emergency situation . " In her opinion , Auvi-Q saved her daughter 's life . We can confidently say that there is no better feeling than that .	Evan and Eric Edwards developed Auvi-Q , which launched in January Their idea started the summer after they graduated high school The Edwards twins say the patients are the real allergy experts
Donald Trump seems to have hit hard times . The unfortunate fellow has been forced to buy a second-hand 757 from Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen for a paltry $ 100 million -- though he did then coat every metal surface in gold . But had he been feeling really extravagant , he could have thrown the kids ' inheritance at a Boeing Business Jet  BBJ  with a new MAX engine -- the latest technological jump from the company that recently unveiled the 747-8 , their largest offering to-date and the longest commercial jet in the world . Boeing Business Jets -- the division dedicated to pimping out their commercial airliners and selling them to embarrassingly rich people -- has taken this beast under its wing . The 747-8 Intercontinental is the latest , longest and about the most expensive corporate jet in the world -- a shiny new , "  green "  empty  747-8 will set you back $ 300 million , but with a VIP fit-out the figure is closer to $ 500 million . But what else is there out there for those with a few hundred million to splash ? Also on CNNGo : What 's so special about the 787 Dreamliner ? The jet set The traditional Boeing Business Jets are the 700 - , 800 - and 900ER-series 737s at 34 meters , 40 meters and 42 meters long . You 'll pay up to $ 115 million for the largest of these . At the top end of the line is the superlative-filled super-jumbo . A touch over 76 meters long , the 747-8i VIP also boasts a cabin 6.1 meters wide , dwarfing the BBJ 's  only the 737s are referred to as "  BBJs " -- all other models are "  VIP "  3.5 meters , and it has up to 525 square meters of floor-space -- two or three times the size of your average house . Then there 's the latest engine . Boeing recently announced that the "  MAX " engine is now available as an option for all new 737 orders for commercial airliners , asserting that it can offer fuel-savings of up to 16 percent over competitors . "  We intend to take advantage of the improved efficiency of the new 737 MAX family for our BBJ product line , " says BBJ president Steve Taylor . "  We 've studied the capabilities of all the MAX variants and of course they offer significant range , economic and environmental benefits over the current line of BBJ products . " Also on CNNGo : World 's biggest model airport Who 's buying ? Boeing is tight-lipped about who , exactly , is buying these "  flying castles " -- apparently crazy-rich people cherish their anonymity -- but can reveal that almost half of the 206 BBJs and VIPs ordered since their launch in 1996 have gone to private owners , and a third of them have headed for the Middle East . Trump 's "  new " 757 is basically a 20-year-old 737 , but with a fuselage that 's five meters longer . With a poky floor-space of 125 square meters and a range of around 8,000 kilometers , it 's a far cry from the 747-8 VIP , whose range is over 17,000 kilometers . But for the multi-millionaire tech-heads who just have to possess the very latest technology , and you 're less concerned about spacious luxury than you are about speed , there 's a new corporate jet dubbed the Arion SBJ that 'll get you from A to B at Mach 2 for the bargain price of $ 80 million . The release date 's not set , but pre-orders are now open . The company claims to have $ 4 billion worth of "  letters of intent " for what will no doubt be the gem at every air show for years to come . Also on CNNGo : 10 great cities , 100 fantastic free attractions	The 747-8 Intercontinental is the latest , longest and about the most expensive corporate jet in the world The new "  MAX " engine can offer fuel-savings of up to 16 percent over competitors , Boeing says Boeing is tight-lipped about who , exactly , is buying these "  flying castles "
CNN  One of the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror-related charges in England . A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead and urging the beheading of "  someone in Australia , " Deborah Walsh , deputy head of counter terrorism at the Crown Prosecution Service , said in a statement Thursday . The teenager was taken into custody April 2 after UK 's Greater Manchester police examined electronic devices and discovered communications between the teen and a man in Australia , police said in a statement . The teenager , arrested in Blackburn , Lancashire , was not named "  because of legal reasons , " the statement said . He was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas and will appear in Westminster Magistrate 's Court on Friday . He was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising , an Australian law enforcement operation that apprehended several men suspected of planning terrorist actions , police in Victoria , Australia , said on the department website . Australia : Charges in foiled ` ISIS-inspired ' plot Those acts of terror were planned for Anzac Day  Australia and New Zealand Army Corps Day  on Friday , the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I , police said "  The first allegation is that , between 15 and 26 March 2015 , the defendant incited another person to commit an act of terrorism , namely to carry out an attack at an ANZAC parade in Australia with the aim of killing and/or causing serious injury to people , " Walsh said . "  The second allegation is that on 18 March 2015 , the defendant incited another person to behead someone in Australia . " Australian law enforcement officers arrested several people last weekend in Operation Rising . Tuesday , Victoria Police and the Australian Federal Police charged Sevdet Ramdan Besim with conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts . Authorities have not named the person with whom the 14-year-old in Britain was communicating . British teens face terror charges after being detained en route to Syria CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	The 14-year-old had communicated with terror suspects in Australia , authorities said Police : The teenager encouraged others to attack a parade and behead someone in Australia
CNN  -- An hour-long documentary that aired Tuesday night on Syrian state TV made the case that the United States long has been a force for turmoil , unfairness and violence , not peace , in the Middle East . The special programming did not focus on the back-and-forth that has precipitated a possible military strike on Syria , instead stepping back decades to offer an anti-American viewpoint that casts the Damascus government as a champion of justice and the Palestinian people . Since the days of President Jimmy Carter , the documentary alleges , staunchly pro-Israeli U.S. leaders have consistently been against Syria because of the latter 's opposition to Israel . What 's happening now , the special claims , is the culmination of a decades-long U.S. effort to destroy Syria largely for that reason . "  If Syria is the oldest  community  in the world , then it is now in the heart of the world , " the documentary begins . The well-crafted piece -- which included archival footage , interviews with analysts and commentary -- was broadcast at 11 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  , which happened to be the same time that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel made their case for military action against Syria to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Sarah Palin 's offensive remarks about Syria Led by President Barack Obama , U.S. officials have accused Syria 's government of not only using conventional weapons to kill its own people , but also carrying out chemical weapons attacks . Damascus has denied the latter allegations , though Obama -- who has been supportive of an end game in which President Bashar al-Assad leaves office -- has contended there should be a military response to prevent more such attacks . The Syrian documentary 's arguments were presented within the context of history , albeit a version highly favorable to that of Bashar al-Assad and his father , and predecessor , Hafez , as well as their longtime allies . It begins in the late 1970s , with video showing Carter 's efforts -- in the documentary 's words -- to "  impose peace " in the Middle East . In this scenario and others to come , Syria was at odds with and isolated by the United States because , the TV special claimed , it chose not to join Egypt in working with Israel . Iran and groups fighting alongside Syrian troops in Lebanon , like Hezbollah , are characterized in the documentary in a positive light for their steadfast opposition to Israel and support of the Palestinian people . The film alleges the United States pushed late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein to fight Iran for eight years to drain both countries ' resources . Number of Syrian refugees rises about 2 million The documentary does n't stop there in casting aspersions on Washington . It accuses the United States of training and funding Islamic extremists , including the group that became al Qaeda , and putting them in Afghanistan to battle troops from what was then the Soviet Union . The special ends with a clip from the late 1980s or early 1990s that shows Syrian President Hafez al-Assad meeting with his U.S. counterpart , George H.W. Bush . It promises more such programming to come , without detailing when it might air . The documentary offered scarce mention of the ongoing civil war that 's racked Syria since 2011 . The United Nations has said more than 100,000 people -- many of them civilians -- have died since al-Assad 's forces began cracking down on protesters , setting off a chain of events that led to a war opposing fighting forces . Another 2 million people have fled the war-torn nation , according to the U.N. refugee agency . The big debate : Should U.S. strike Syria ?	Syrian state TV airs an anti-U.S. documentary with archival footage , analysis It says the U.S. has been against Syria due its backing of Palestinian people It also accuses Washington of creating Islamist extremists like al Qaeda The special airs as U.S. officials make case for a military strike against Syria
STERLING , Alaska  CNN  -- From the Seavey dog sled kennel you get a clear view of the Redoubt volcano , and the Seavey family is watching closely . Mitch Seavey , 2004 Iditarod champion musher , with a team of sled dogs in Sterling , Alaska . The volcano is expected to erupt any day now , and the Seaveys are trying to find a way of keeping their prized sled dogs safe from the ash that may fall over a large portion of Alaska . The ash is highly abrasive and dangerous to breathe in for both humans and dogs . "  How we react to the volcano is going to depend on the scope of it , I guess . We have my grandfather 's kennel we can move to about 200 miles from here , " said Danny Seavey , adding with a laugh : "  If it 's so big that it covers most of the state then I do n't now what we 're going to do . Move to Russia or something , I guess . " But moving the dogs 200 miles away is no easy task . The Seavey kennel has about 100 sled dogs that are training for the Iditarod sled dog race that begins in early March . The race spans 1,150 miles , from Anchorage to Nome . To make the run , the dogs must be in tip-top shape . The Seaveys ca n't afford a break from training the dogs , and they ca n't allow the dogs , who sleep outside in small crates , to be exposed to the dangerous falling ash . "  They are very well fed , highly trained athletes , " said Seavey . "  We 're only a month from the Iditarod . They need to be training right now . " iReport.com : Seen the Iditarod ? Prepping for the volcano ? Seavey expects to have very little time to get the dogs to safety . "  Oh , yeah , it would be in a hurry . At the current wind conditions we would have about two hours from when it blows to when the ash gets here , " he said . "  We have big trucks , and each dog has a little kennel that they can hop in ... so we have three of these trucks , and we can move 60 or 70 dogs that way . " Watch the sled dogs in action " Seavey says the canine exodus is "  going to look crazy , a bunch of dog trucks and horse trailers running east . That 's our only plan right now . " Plans are easier to come by for the human population of the Kenai Peninsula . Scott Walden is the emergency management coordinator for the Borough of Kenai . "  It can create a sense of panic , " Walden said . "  It 's sudden . It 's hard to predict when and where it 's going to hit . " Learn more about Mount Redoubt " He was fire chief when Redoubt last erupted in 1989 and says the biggest hazard is the slippery driving conditions the ash will present . The borough plans to close schools as soon as Redoubt blows , hoping to get all the kids home safe in the two hours they will have between the eruption and the ash hitting the ground . Walden is instructing people to take shelter and hopes to keep most people off the road for about a day while the ash falls . He says everyone should have paper respirator masks , plastic sheets to seal up their houses and a weather radio to monitor the situation . Down the road at the Home Depot , manager Mark Pierson says business in Redoubt-preparation supplies has been brisk "  The biggest thing that we 're selling is the dust masks , " says Pierson , who had to order extra stock . "  We 've bent over backwards to make sure we have these for the customers . " Pierson grew up on the Kenai Peninsula and was here when Redoubt erupted in 1989 and when the nearby Augustine volcano erupted in 1986 . He saved ash from the Augustine eruption in a jar . He says people here are used to dealing with nature and the hardships that come from living in a place that can be beautiful one minute and dangerous the next . "  I think people here want to be prepared , but I do n't see too many people over-reacting , " he said . "  You learn not to panic , you learn to be prepared . "	Dog sled kennel is near volcanic Mount Redoubt in Alaska Animals are in training for grueling Iditarod dog sled race Dogs will have to be moved to avoid falling ash from volcano Hardware store manager says air masks selling briskly
CNN  The bizarre circumstances surrounding Freddie Gray 's death have inflamed tensions across the country . How could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested ? And what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital ? Gray wavered in and out of a coma and died Sunday , one week after his arrest . It 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury . But Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody . Here are several other cases : Date of arrest : March 31 , 2015 Date of death : March 31 , 2015 What happened : Police in Vineland , New Jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and White was arrested and handcuffed . Police dispatch recordings include an officer saying White "  tried to grab my gun . " One witness , Agustin Ayala , told the Vineland Daily Journal that White was resisting arrest . But two others told WCAU that police attacked White while he was already handcuffed . "  They punched him , stomped him , kicked him and then they let the dog out of the car , " Ricardo Garcia told the station . "  The dog bit him on his face and around his body . There 's no call for that . Once a man is handcuffed and unconscious , you should have stuck him in the patrol car and take him to the police station . " Witness Luis Martinez gave a similar account . "  The other cop let the dog out , and they just kept punching him and the dog kept biting him at the same time , " Martinez told WCAU . "  He was on the floor , like he was knocked out . " As White was taken to a hospital , he became unresponsive , NJ.com reported . He was pronounced dead at the hospital . The aftermath : The Cumberland County Prosecutor 's Office has been investigating White 's death , and officials have been waiting for the results of White 's autopsy to learn the exact cause of death , NJ.com said . Two Vineland officers have been placed on administrative leave . And after Vineland police received criticism on its Facebook page about White 's case , the department started hiding unfavorable comments , the Press of Atlantic City reported . An activist filed an Open Public Records Act request , saying the department 's official Facebook page was a matter of public record . Vineland police later restored the critical comments on its page . Date of arrest : March 2 , 2014 Date of death : March 2 , 2014 What happened : Sheriff 's deputies in New Iberia , Louisiana , claimed White shot and killed himself in the back of a squad car -- even though White had been frisked and handcuffed . "  Short of him being Houdini or David Copperfield , it 's not possible , " White family attorney Carol Powell-Lexing said . The incident began when authorities were responding to a fight in a gas station parking lot . About six blocks from the store , an Iberia Parish deputy saw White and stopped him , state police said . According to the service report from the Sheriff 's Office , Cpl. Justin Ortis received no description of the men involved in the fight . He was told only that they were black , "  and one of the males mentioned having a gun , " the report said . White consented to a pat-down , and Ortis found marijuana in his pocket . Attorney Benjamin Crump said that detail makes the official narrative even more suspicious . "  If you pat someone down and you can feel a small package of marijuana , would n't you feel a gun ? " he said . State police said once White arrived at the police station , he refused to get out of the patrol car . "  As the deputy requested assistance from other deputies , White produced a handgun and fired one round , striking himself in the back , " state police said . White was pronounced dead at a local hospital . The aftermath : An autopsy concluded White 's death was a suicide -- but said he was shot in the chest , not in the back , like police had said . The autopsy report also said White was "  reportedly in a locked patrol car with his hands handcuffed behind him when officers heard a shot and found the decedent slumped over . " State police have handed over their investigation to prosecutors , who said a decision wo n't be made until a federal civil rights investigation wraps up . Date of police encounter : July 5 , 2011 Date of death : July 10 , 2011 What happened : Officers in Fullerton , California , were responding to a call about a homeless man looking into car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars . Video of the incident showed Thomas , who was schizophrenic , slow to cooperate . Fullerton police Officer Manuel Ramos then tells him : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up . " Thomas , who is unarmed and shirtless , stands and another officer walks over . They hit him with their batons and hold him on the ground as he begs for help . "  OK , I 'm sorry , dude . I 'm sorry ! " he screams . At one point , Thomas says he ca n't breathe . The officers tell him to lie on his stomach , put his hands behind his back and relax . Toward the end of the beating , the video shows , Thomas cries out for his father : "  Dad ! Help me . Help me . Help me , Dad . " By the end of the video , he is lying in a pool of blood . The aftermath : The Orange County coroner ruled Thomas ' death a homicide and said he died after having his chest compressed , leaving him unable to breathe . Thomas ' mother , Cathy Thomas , received a $ 1 million settlement from the city of Fullerton . Officer Ramos was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli was charged of involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . Both pleaded not guilty . In 2014 , a jury acquitted both Ramos and Cicinelli . Date of arrest : September 6 , 2013 Date of death : September 7 , 2013 What happened : Azucena was arrested after running a red light and leading Los Angeles police on a chase . Over the next half hour , Azucena repeatedly said he had asthma and could n't breathe , the Los Angeles Times reported . Officers continued ignoring him . "  Help me , help me , help me , " he said , according to a report by the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners . "  I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . Help me , please . " "  You can breathe just fine , " one sergeant told him , according to the Times . "  You can talk , so you can breathe . " He did n't breathe for much longer . Azucena was so weak that officers had to carry him to a station 's holding cell for booking and left him face-down on the floor , the Times reported . By the time paramedics arrived , Azucena 's heart had stopped . The aftermath : A coroner concluded that asthma probably killed Azucena and that his death was an accident . Last month , the Los Angeles City Council unanimously agreed to a $ 1.35 million settlement for Azucena 's mother , the Times said . The investigation into the officers ' actions is ongoing . Date of arrest : November 19 , 2013 Date of death : November 19 , 2013 What happened : An officer in Durham , North Carolina , was taking Huerta to the police station for a second-degree trespassing violation . The Durham Police Department said the teen died from a self-inflicted gunshot while handcuffed in the back of the squad car . Durham police Chief Jose Lopez said gunshot residue tests were conducted on Huerta and the arresting officer , and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation "  found that Huerta was wearing gloves and that his gloves had a saturation of gunshot residue on it . Officer  Samuel  Duncan 's revealed that he had no gunshot residue on his hands . " But Huerta 's family , like Victor White 's family in Louisiana , suspect foul play by police . The aftermath : Hundreds of protesters took to the streets of Durham to decry Huerta 's death . Some carried banners that read , "  Fue Matado Por La Policia " or "  Murdered By Police . " A vigil for Huerta turned violent , with six people arrested . The police chief said that as a Hispanic , he had trouble believing the allegations among the Hispanic community that Durham police unfairly target Latinos . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Police say Victor White III and Jesus Huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars Report : Police ignored Jorge Azucena 's complaints that he had asthma and could n't breathe Kelly Thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in Fullerton , California
Time  -- The iPhone is known for its simplicity , but not everything about it is obvious . Beyond its straightforward grid of apps lies plenty of tricks that make Apple 's phone easier to use . Here are 10 essential iPhone tips and tricks , starting with some basics and moving up to more advanced maneuvers : Tap up top to scroll back up If you 're ever at the bottom of a long web page or app and need to get back to the top , do n't bother scrolling . Instead , just tap the top of the screen , and the iPhone will scroll all the way back up on its own . This one 's an all-time classic , and hard to live without once you know it 's there . Double-tap home and swipe for quick controls You may already know that you can double tap the iPhone 's home button to bring up a list of most recent apps , but not everyone realizes that this menu swipes in both directions . Swipe from left to right , and you 'll get quick access to rotation lock and music playback controls . Swipe again in the same direction for a volume slider . Double-tap home for lock screen music controls For fast access to music controls while your iPhone 's screen is locked , just double tap the home button . The great thing about this feature is that it works with whatever audio app is currently in use , not just the built-in Music player . Take a panoramic photo from either direction In iOS 6 , the iPhone 's camera app has a built-in panorama feature , which you can access through the camera 's Options menu . By default , you must pan the iPhone from left to right to capture a panorama , but you can reverse the direction by tapping the arrow on the screen . Note that this feature only works on the iPhone 5 and iPhone 4S . Streamline street names in iOS 6 Maps Apple 's new Maps app is a work in progress , but you can already make it better with one simple tweak : Under iPhone Settings , go to the Maps section and change the label size to small . The smaller text allows more street names to appear on screen at once , so you do n't have to zoom in to see them all . The layout looks a bit cleaner too -- provided your vision is good enough to read smaller words . New Siri trick : Raise to Speak Do n't want your dialog with Siri to be heard ? Go to Settings > General > Siri and turn on "  Raise to Speak . " When enabled , and the screen is on , Siri will start listening when you hold the phone up to your ear -- as indicated by a chime -- and she 'll respond to queries through the iPhone 's earpiece instead of the external speakers . You might even fool some people into thinking it 's a real conversation .  For more Siri tricks and tips , check out my post from last year . Attach a photo or video in Mail Yes , Apple really did take five years to let people attach photos and videos from directly within the Mail app . Just tap and hold anywhere in the message body to bring up a small pop-up box . The option to "  Insert Photo or Video " will appear unless the e-mail already contains text , in which case you 'll have to tap the little arrow on the right side of the pop-up to see the option . Set a time range for do not disturb Do Not Disturb is a new feature in iOS 6 that lets you silence all incoming text messages , phone calls and notifications . You can toggle Do Not Disturb under Settings , or you can set up daily quiet hours by going to Settings > Notifications and selecting Do Not Disturb at the top of the screen . From there , you can set a time range , always allow calls from certain contacts and prevent silencing on repeated calls . Keep your photos backed up without plugging In There are several ways to make backups of your iPhone photos without going through iTunes . The built-in solution is Apple 's Photo Stream , which makes your last 30 days ' worth of photos available on almost any device . Turn on Photo Stream by going to Settings > Photos & Camera , and your photos will automatically show up on your other iOS devices and Macs . To access Photo Stream on a Windows PC , you must download Apple 's iCloud Control Panel , which creates a Photo Stream folder under "  Favorites " in Windows Explorer . Photo Stream is n't the only way to back up your photos . Google + and Dropbox can automatically upload new photos every time you their respective apps , so you 'll always have online copies available from any Internet-connected device . Set up push Gmail or Hotmail If you 're a true e-mail addict , setting up Gmail or Hotmail through the preset "  Add Account " dialog is n't good enough , because it ca n't immediately push new messages to the phone . Instead , you can set up these inboxes through Microsoft Exchange , so new emails get pushed right to your iPhone . To get started , go to Settings > Mail , Contacts , Calendars > Add Account ... and select Microsoft Exchange . On the next page , enter your full e-mail address , password and whatever inbox name you 'd like , then hit "  Next . " More options will appear . Enter "  m.google.com " or "  m.hotmail.com " in the Server field , leave the Domain field blank , enter your full e-mail address in the Username field , and your password in the Password field . Hit "  Next , " and on the next page , deselect Contacts and Calendars unless you want to overwrite your phone 's existing contacts and calendar . Hit "  Save , " and you 're good to go . See the original article on Time.com & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Here are 10 essential iPhone tips , from basic tricks to the more advanced For fast access to music controls while your screen is locked , double tap the home button Do Not Disturb is a new feature in iOS 6 that lets you silence incoming text messages
London , England  CNN  -- A crowd of students marched through central London on Wednesday , disrupting traffic and shouting slogans in a protest against an increase in university tuition . Students also protested in other cities across Britain , including Leeds , Cambridge and Birmingham . Police said there had been 15 arrests in London and one each in Oxford and Glasgow , Scotland . Three of the arrests happened after students filled Whitehall , the street that runs from Trafalgar Square past the prime minister 's residence toward Parliament . Police penned the protesters in at either end to try to limit criminal damage , and a line of police in fluorescent yellow vests kept the students from reaching Parliament Square . "  We 're kettled , we 're freezing , everyone needs the toilet , but we 're having fun , " protester Clare Solomon told CNN , using a local term for being penned in . Solomon , the president of the University of London student union , said police had been containing them for five hours as of 6 p.m.  1 p.m. ET  . "  Obviously , people are starting to get angry now . Everyone is really hungry , " she said . But she thought the demonstration was a success . She estimated 20,000 to 25,000 people had turned out . Police said they could not give an estimate of the size of the London crowd . "  Students are starting to self-organize , " Solomon said . "  If we can get 25,000 on the streets with no major organization , it 's a sign of things to come . " British universities should not follow the American model , where students have to pay large tuition fees and seek loans or grants themselves if they ca n't pay , she argued . That excludes poor people from higher education , she said . Students held signs saying "  Stop Education Cuts , " "  Education not Segregation " and "  Unite and Fight . " They managed to break into a police van inside the containment area in Whitehall after smashing the windshield , spray-painting the sides and trying to topple it . Other students stood in their way and tried to stop them . Some students set off firecrackers in the crowd . Otherwise , unrest did not appear to reach the level seen during similar protests two weeks ago , when protesters invaded the building holding the headquarters of the Conservative Party . The students are angry about government plans to allow universities to charge as much as 9,000 pounds  about $ 14,200  a year in tuition fees , a substantial rise from the current cap of 3,000 pounds  about $ 4,700  . The government wants to raise the fees and scrap some subsidies for university students as it tries to cut a massive budget deficit . Defenders of the plan say universities will not necessarily charge the maximum they 're allowed to , but education experts have disputed that . In the protests two weeks ago , students spray-painted anarchy symbols , broke windows and set off flares at the Conservative headquarters before being forced out . Some set fires and shot off firecrackers outside the building . That violence marred what was otherwise a largely peaceful protest . The National Union of Students said 50,000 demonstrators were on the streets in that protest . Two officers were injured in the London activities , London 's Metropolitan Police said . A female officer broke her hand and a male officer suffered leg injuries , police said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	NEW : Police pen student demonstrators in for hours , a protester says Students are angry about government plans to allow tuition increases A large crowd filled the street near Parliament in London Other protests are reported in Leeds , Cambridge and Birmingham
It 's no secret that more and more people are speaking español in the United States , but what you probably did n't know is that in the future more of those Spanish speakers will not be Hispanic . That 's right -- as immigrant families become more established here , future generations will follow the pattern of previous immigrants from Europe and Asia and stop using their native language . But at the same time , non-Latinos will be learning Spanish and helping their kids to grow up bilingual because they want to pass on what they learned in school , take advantage of business opportunities or even because they have a Spanish-speaking spouse . "  On the one hand , the number of Spanish speakers is projected to grow to about 40 million by 2020  from 37 million in 2011 .  This reflects Hispanic population growth and a large number of non-Hispanics who will also speak Spanish , " said Mark Hugo Lopez , director of Hispanic Research at the Pew Research Center . "  But , even though the number of Spanish speakers is projected to grow , among Hispanics , the share that speak Spanish is projected to fall from about 75 % now to 66 % in 2020 , " Lopez said . In a previous study , Pew found that third-generation Hispanics are more likely than immigrant Hispanics to be English-dominant . They say they watch television mostly in English and the same was true about music and thinking . ` Mama , would you please speak English ! ' In other words , third-generation Hispanics are not likely to speak Spanish at home , if at all . They are growing up in a world where speaking Spanish is not vital . Which is exactly the case for Darlene Freire-Geller 's two youngest daughters , Emily , 9 , and Hailey , 5 , who live in New Jersey . "  When I had my first daughter , Ashley , my mother helped me take care of her and only spoke to her in Spanish so she 's fluent , " said the Cuban-American mom . "  But when I married my husband , who is white and only speaks English , teaching Emily and Hailey Spanish just did n't happen , it did n't seem necessary , plus , they did n't spend as much time with my mother like Ashley , " she said . Freire-Geller , who is a second-generation American , knows Spanish but speaks English at work and at home . Her husband , Ira , only speaks English . Her daughters are part of the phenomenon that people born in the United States will make up more of the Hispanic population growth than new immigrants , with the rate of arrival of Spanish-speakers slowing significantly in recent years . Hispanics in the U.S. It 's not just the attitude of parents that will affect who speaks Spanish , but also schools , argues Florida International University assistant professor of linguistics Phillip M. Carter . He said schools nationwide are set up to bring immigrant children and children of immigrants into "  the mainstream , " which means turning them into monolingual English speakers . The attitude of most schools is that children will learn their heritage language at home and they cultivate identities that are rooted in speaking English . There are few schools that offer compressive bilingual education programs , such as two-way immersion programs , where students receive half of their education in each language , and that can create a loss , Carter said . "  Language is just as much about value , culture , identity , context , emotion , behavior and usage . Children learn in their school setting that the only language that really matters in this society is English , " Carter explained . "  They therefore cultivate identities that are rooted in English speaking . " The changing face of America 's youth Carter conducted research in North Carolina , where the Latino population has grown 394 % , from 76,726 in 1990 to 378,963 in 2000 , according to the census , making it the state with the fastest growing Latino population in the country . "  In North Carolina right now , Spanish is a ` new ' language where immigrant children experience shame for speaking Spanish , and many children pretend not to speak or even understand the language , " said Carter , "  This is not in the third generation , but in what we call generation 1.5 , the young children who come with their parents from abroad . " Carter said it is unlikely that these children will transmit Spanish to their own children , adding to the trend already being seen among more established immigrants . He adds that unless politicians stop linking Spanish to "  the ghetto , " claiming that Mexicans do n't "  assimilate , " arguing the national anthem should not be sung in Spanish and that English is the "  language of the future , " then Spanish will not have a future in the United States . But speaking Spanish appears to be thriving in new communities , with parents seeking out resources for their children to learn from . A guide to raising bilingual children Roxana Soto , author of "  Bilingual is Better " and co-founder of Spanglishbaby.com , says many of her readers are non-Latino parents who want their children to grow up bilingual . "  They are pushing for more dual language immersion schools where kids are immersed in Spanish from day one , ensuring they become bilingual and biliterate . " And , it 's not only in children . Non-Latino professionals who work with Hispanics are also jumping on the Spanish-language wagon . "  I work in a high school where the majority of the kids are Hispanic ; it only makes sense for me to learn Spanish . I do n't need Italian ; I need to learn Spanish , " said guidance counselor Frank Gioia at Memorial High School in West New York , New Jersey . "  Spanish is the second-most popular language in the country . It 's important that non-Latinos learn it as well as their kids , " he said . Gioia 's parents are second-generation Italians but only spoke English at home . "  And , with the way the country is changing , we will need Spanish to communicate with newcomers , business if involved with Latin America and even job opportunities . I know I want my kids to be multilingual , " he said . Carter , the language researcher , sums it up : "  What is happening is simply a function of immigration , related as it is to the globalized economy , etc. . "  As a linguist , the big story is that Spanish is being lost at the same time that new immigration continues to make the language a viable , visible and important language in the U.S. " Will Spanish in the U.S. thrive or decline ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Non-Latino Spanish speakers in the United States are on the rise , Pew finds Latinos to follow pattern of previous immigrants and stop using their native language Some Latinos feel there 's no need to speak Spanish But learning the language is seen as vital by other Americans
Rolling Stone  -- Maybe you thought since Adam Sandler is playing boy-and-girl twins in "  Jack and Jill " that the movie would be double the fun . Ha ! On a scale of 1 to 10 on the laugh meter , "  Jack and Jill " is a negative 10 . A total bust , a stupefyingly unfunny and shamelessly lazy farce packed with cringe-worthy jokes and overt product placement . L.A. ad exec Jack Sadelstein  Sandler the guy  is gritting his teeth over a holiday visit from his loudmouthed , overweight twin Jill  Sandler in drag , showing an unfailing grasp of the obvious  . The siblings pick at each other relentlessly between Jill 's bouts with farting and dropping chimichanga bombs . No peace , even with the help of Jack 's peacemaker wife  Katie Holmes looks so trapped in this thankless role you ache to save her  . It 's odious to watch the movie make fun of Jill 's looks , weight , and flatulence problems only to switch gears into gooey sentiment at the end and tell us we should love her . "  Jack and Jill " wants to have its hypocrisy and eat it too . Look , I 'm not a Sandler hater . He was terrific in Judd Apatow 's "  Funny People " and Paul Thomas Anderson 's "  Punch-Drunk Love . " And I still treasure fun memories of "  Billy Madison " and "  Happy Gilmore , " made before Sandler turned cynical and contemptuous of his audience . "  Jack and Jill " plays like the kind of crap Sandler 's comedian character skewered in "  Funny People . " The plot is a stew of half-baked ideas that quickly turns rancid . Jack has problems at work ; his company will go under if he ca n't persuade Al Pacino to play himself in a Dunkin' Donuts commercial . Watching the Oscar winner bust a move and freestyle rap while he extols the virtues of sipping a Dunkachinno is to witness desperation incarnate . Sandler and director Dennis Dugan must have something on "  The Godfather " to make him lower himself to these depths . "  Burn it , " says Pacino after watching the commercial Sandler creates . "  No one must ever see this . " The same goes for the movie . Rolling Stone rating : Zero stars See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	On a scale of 1 to 10 on the laugh meter , "  Jack and Jill " is a negative 10 Jack is gritting his teeth over a holiday visit from his loudmouthed twin Jill The plot is a stew of half-baked ideas that quickly turns rancid
CNN  -- When the water of Lake Delton ripped through the highway and drained into the Wisconsin River this week , so did the lifeline for much of the surrounding community . Boats sit mired in mud Tuesday after Lake Delton drained into the Wisconsin River the day before . Lake Delton Village and Wisconsin Dells , the self-professed "  waterpark capital of the world , " are home to about 5,000 residents . But the area 's motels , resorts and vacation homes can accommodate more than 10 times that , according to the visitors bureau . Innkeepers , restaurateurs and other business owners were getting ready for the typically bustling tourist season this week when torrential rains sent the 267-acre lake rushing through an embankment propping up Highway A . The manmade lake sucked a 200-foot swath of highway and a half-dozen homes into the Wisconsin with it . "  I was on the water when I realized the plug had been pulled , " said Steve Zowin , who was towing a capsized pontoon boat when he noticed the water level quickly diminishing . "  It drained like a bathtub . " Watch a report from the lake " Zowin and his wife , Kathy , have owned Lake Delton Watersports for almost three decades . In addition to running a marina , the couple offers parasail rides and rents boats . Personal watercraft and ski boats are their most popular wares , he said . "  My gross income will be reduced by about 75 percent , and that 's huge , " he said Wednesday . "  It 's a big step backwards for someone who 's been in business for 29 years . " Zowin , 56 , says that most of the tourists hail from metropolises like Chicago , Illinois ; St. Paul/Minneapolis , Minnesota ; and Madison and Milwaukee , Wisconsin -- all "  within a gas tank of the Dells . " They start trickling in on Father 's Day , and tourism booms between Independence Day and mid-August , he said . Like many business owners around Lake Delton , Zowin is seeing canceled reservations from disenchanted visitors who will be spending their summers elsewhere . Asked whether visitors were canceling reservations at her lakeside resort , one owner who did n't want to give her name replied , "  Every day , many . " Thomas Brown , who owns Port Vista , a popular burger and steak joint on the lake , said that one of his resort-owner friends has refunded $ 10,000 in deposits for canceled reservations . The friend has closed his resort until at least July , Brown said . iReport.com : Are you near the floods ? Send photos , video Brown , 49 , who has owned the bar and restaurant for 15 years , said business has n't been hit hard yet . "  The first couple of days has been absolutely packed because of all the people coming by to look at the lake and stopping by for a burger or steak , " he said , adding that he does n't expect business to boom for long . "  I think when people see what they have to see , it 's going to be not so good . " Some business owners who are n't on the lakefront are still trying to gauge what effect the drained lake will have on them . Watch the rushing lake carry a home away " Del-Bar is a popular seafood and steak restaurant near the lake on Wisconsin Dells Parkway . It 's so popular , in fact , that actor Johnny Depp and director Michael Mann recently stopped in during filming of their upcoming movie "  Public Enemies , " owner Jeff Wimmer said . Wimmer said his restaurant , which he has owned for 30 years , may be more resilient than lakefront businesses because he relies more on Wisconsin Dells locals . The 66-year-old knows that the summer brings hungry tourists ; it 's just too early to tell how many of them have been deterred by the dry lake bed . "  We 're anticipating that it 's going to affect us , but it 's too early to tell right now , " Wimmer said . How long the lake will remain dry is also a question . Business owners say , some skeptically , that there are efforts afoot to refill the lake by mid-July . Delton Oaks Resort ran a warning on its Web site to potential guests , explaining that there was no timetable for refilling the lake and repairing the highway . But the resort 's owners showed they still have a sense of humor . "  We at Delton Oaks Resort are ` make lemonade ' kind of people , so we will be adding terrific beach volleyball and horseshoe courts in the near future . And , of course , building sand castles on the beach will be big this year , " the site quipped . "  For all you dog lovers , as soon as the last of the lake bed has dried up , we will have the biggest dog park you 've ever seen . " Even if the lake is refilled quickly , business owners like Zowin and Brown fear that the lake 's splendid fishing might not make a rapid rebound . The lake was home to white and largemouth bass , walleye , crappie , bluegill and perch , but those fish are now in the Wisconsin River after their habitat burst through the Highway A embankment . "  Fishing might be gone for the next four or five years , " Brown predicted . Business owners around Lake Delton say they hope to bounce back sooner , perhaps by next summer , but this summer may be a wash . "  Once in a while , the more serious ramifications -- mostly financial -- they hit me , and I 'm flooded with a few emotions , " Zowin said . "  It 's going to hurt , but I 'll survive . "	Lake Delton went away as businesses were getting ready for busy tourist season "  My gross income will be reduced by about 75 percent , " one business owner says Many businesses at the lake are already seeing canceled reservations Some owners not on lakefront try to gauge how drained lake will affect them
Bullying is in our schools , and now it 's online . Why do kids do it ? What can be done to put an end to it ? Do n't miss an "  AC360 ° " special report in collaboration with Cartoon Network : "  Stop Bullying : Speak Up , " starting Monday night at 10 ET on CNN . Parenting.com  -- An estimated 25 percent are -- and the signs can be tricky for parents to detect . That 's why the American Academy of Pediatrics has developed a new policy that recommends doctors discuss bullying during checkups . Parenting.com : Handling elementary school social struggles "  A kid who is being picked on has often been told , ` Do n't you dare tell anyone ! ' But when he 's given permission to talk by a more neutral adult , he 'll readily share his experiences , " notes Robert Sege , M.D. , chief of ambulatory pediatrics at Boston Medical Center . Parenting.com : 8 discipline mistakes parents make "  And sometimes the symptoms of bullying appear to parents like something else . I see moms all the time who bring their child in because he 's been doing poorly in school and ca n't seem to focus . They think it could be an attention disorder when the child is actually being picked on . " Tell us how your child has been affected by bullies More red flags : Changes in behavior -- your kid becomes moody , withdrawn , spacey , jumpy , anxious Physical ailments such as stomachaches and bad dreams , or unexplained bruises and torn clothes Parenting.com : Getting through to a moody tween An inexplicable drop in grades or a sudden reluctance to go to school Need help ? Check out Stop Bullying Now -- it 's a site designed to help both parents and kids cope with big , bad meanies . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2010 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	One-fourth of all children are bullied Red flags include changes in behavior , physical ailments and a drop in grades The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends doctors discuss bullying during checkups
New York  CNN  -- The family of retired FBI agent Robert Levinson ca n't help but count the days since he vanished during a business trip to Iran 's Kish Island on March 8 , 2007 . Saturday marked 2,024 days since he 's been gone . "  Every day I miss him , " said Christine Levinson , his wife of 38 years . "  I wake up and his side of the bed is empty . " She left her Florida home this week to travel to New York in hopes of making a personal plea to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who is attending this week 's U.N. General Assembly . Levinson is convinced Ahmadinejad can help in the search for her husband . "  In the past he has said that he will investigate and he will have his people investigate , " Levinson told CNN . "  He has promised to help us . So we need to get him in touch with whoever can help us get the job done and get Bob home . " Feds still hunting for missing FBI agent who vanished in Iran The Levinson family says Robert was working as a private investigator looking into cigarette smuggling in Iran when he went missing . The State Department has repeatedly denied he was working for the government and has urged Tehran to find him . Last year , the Iranian government said it would make inquiries about Levinson but did not know what happened to him . Digital billboards were posted in Times Square this week with Levinson 's picture and a message to U.N. delegates asking for help in finding him . "  Because the U.N. General Assembly is here , we can get the world to help us , " Christine Levinson said . The FBI has offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to his safe return . His wife has also met with President Obama . "  He said that he would help any way that he could , " and that "  he would put the full force of the U.S. government behind helping to get Bob home , " she said . It 's believed Levinson , now 64 , is being held captive . U.S. officials believe he is somewhere in southwest Asia . It 's unclear who is holding him . "  There is every reason to believe based on all the evidence that Levinson is alive and well , " a source with knowledge of the case said . The source would not provide further details . In a so-called "  proof of life " video released last year but apparently made two years ago , Levinson appears about 50 to 60 pounds lighter . He stares and blinks as he looks into a camera and says he "  is not in very good health . " He refers to 33 years of service to the U.S. government and asks the United States to "  answer the requests of the group " that has been holding him . Who the group is and what they want is unknown . "  Please help me get home , " Levinson says on the tape . Christine has sent several emails to the address where the proof-of-life video came from to ask the senders what they want . "  They have not responded . We have not heard back from them since then and that was almost two years ago . So it 's very difficult , " she said . Levinson said she sees her husband 's determination every time she looks at that video . "  It gives me hope that I 'll see him again soon . And comfort that I can at least say to the picture , ' I love you . ' " The Levinsons have seven children and two grandchildren . One daughter was married last year . Her brother stood in for their father and walked her down the aisle . Levinson has also missed a son and daughter 's high school and college graduations . "  They both wore yellow ribbons and carried pictures of Bob to the graduations just to keep him in our prayers , " Christine Levinson said . She said she hopes to deliver this message to Iran 's leader : "  Please help my family to become whole again . We need Bob home as soon as possible . " FBI offers $ 1 million for leads leading to safe return of missing retired agent CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Robert Levinson has been missing since 2007 His family says he was working as a private investigator in Iran when he disappeared His wife hopes to ask Ahmadinejad personally for help The Iranian president is attending U.N. General Assembly
CNN  -- On the first day of every year , works of art whose term of copyright has expired enters the public domain . This year 's class is particularly strong , as the novels of James Joyce and Virginia Woolf are now free of copyright protection . If you ever wanted to stage a puppet show of Joyce 's masterpiece "  Ulysses " or set Woolf 's "  Mrs. Dalloway " to music , now is your chance . But why now ? When copyright expires , it means that the public is not liable for using works of art in ways that would otherwise violate the copyright law . Dover can publish scores of classical music at low prices ; translations of literature can be commissioned ; authors , artists and motion picture companies can adapt older works and make them into new works . A number of Disney classics are , in fact , based on public domain works . How long copyright should last has been a contentious issue since the first copyright act of 1790 . In some industries , copyright laws are necessary to provide financial protection for the time and investment that goes into creating works of art . But when the length of copyright is so long that it hinders creative repurposing of older work , then copyright 's purpose is n't being served . Our original copyright act in 1790 protected only books , maps and charts . Over time , the law expanded to include fine art and photographs , among other things . Currently , a blockbuster film such as "  Avatar " gets the same protection as an e-mail you dash off to your friends . To understand how copyright law has changed in the United States over the past 30 years , it 's helpful to take a look at Duke University 's Center for the Public Domain 's list of famous works that would have gone into the public domain if it were n't for the changes in copyright law . This year , it would include Vladimir Nabokov 's "  Lolita , " J.R.R. Tolkien 's "  Return of the King " and Disney 's "  The Lady and the Tramp . " These famous works were originally covered by a law in 1909 , which stipulated that copyright lasted for 28 years from first publication , with the possibility of another 28 years , but only if the copyright owner filed a renewal publication with the Copyright Office . Thousands of works were protected under this sensible system , and 85 % of them entered the public domain after 28 years , making them available to artists and more accessible to consumers . But in 1978 , Congress retroactively changed the rules , giving these works another 19 years at the end . If the artist renewed the copyright , he or she received 47 years rather than 28 years , for a maximum of 75 years . And then in 1998 , Congress retroactively added another 20 years to these old art works , meaning they now have a protection up to a maximum of 95 years . For works created after 1978 , the length of copyright is even longer : life of the author plus 70 years after the author 's death . The effect of this dramatic lengthening of copyright has come at a large cost with little benefit : older works can not be used productively by motion picture companies , authors and artists . Many owners of copyrighted works can not even be located . And remote heirs , such as grandchildren and great-grandchildren or the estates of deceased authors , can veto uses that are economically harmless . For example , when I was in private practice at a large law firm , a partner asked me to approach the estate of a famous playwright . My colleague was hoping to get permission to produce an abridged version of a play at his son 's special education school . The school was willing to pay the licensing fee , but the children were capable of only performing one act , not three . The production would be only before parents , not for any profit . After all this was explained to the estate , they subsequently refused permission and the money , insisting the children had to produce the play as written , or not at all . As we adapt to the digital age , arcane copyright laws that offer no benefit even to the current copyright holder must be reconsidered . A sensible approach would not act as an obstacle to future generations who want to create something new . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Patry .	Each year , works of art with expired copyrights enter the public domain William Patry : How long copyright should last has been a contentious issue since 1790 Patry : When length of copyright is too long , it hinders creative repurposing of older works He says that in the digital age , arcane copyright laws should be updated
CNN  A Connecticut teen who has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being , according to her attorney , Josh Michtom . A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision Wednesday denying a motion to let the teen , identified in court documents as "  Cassandra C. , " go home . The judge also denied a motion for visitation . The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . On March 16 , Michtom tried to convince the court that she should be able to return to her mother 's home because she was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness . Michtom and attorney Michael Taylor , who represents Cassandra 's mother , Jackie Fortin , released a written statement after receiving the judge 's decision Wednesday : "  We are disappointed in this ruling , not least of all because it draws a factual conclusion that is directly contradicted by the weight of the evidence . We 're conferring with our clients now about next steps , including whether to take another appeal . " Cassandra was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September and medical experts gave her an 85 % chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy . Without it , doctors said at the time , she was likely to die within two years . She started chemotherapy in November but ran away after two days , according to court documents , when she decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body . In December , a judge ordered the young woman to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families . At that time , she was admitted to Connecticut Children 's Medical Center in Hartford and has remained there since then . Doctors surgically implanted a port in Cassandra 's chest to administer chemotherapy medications , which began in spite of legal maneuvers to halt them . Cassandra is feeling well and is in good shape as far as her health is concerned , according to Michtom . "  She 's seen in her case the side effects were n't bad , and she 's been well-treated by the nurses and doctors and does want to complete the treatment , " he said . Her treatment is scheduled to wrap up this month . Michtom and Taylor failed in their effort before the Connecticut Supreme Court to make the case that Cassandra was mature enough to make her own medical decisions . Joette Katz , the commissioner of the Department of Children and Families , told CNN in March the agency is "  very pleased with Cassandra 's progress toward a complete recovery . We understand how difficult this has been for Cassandra and her family , but we have had full confidence throughout that the medical professionals involved in her treatment would be successful in saving her life . " The agency has denied CNN 's request to speak with Cassandra or her physicians . According to Michtom , the Department of Children and Families could have withdrawn its position for an order of custody but has n't . He said the department sees Cassandra as a flight risk because she has run away before . Representatives for the department have said in court and in conversations with Michtom and Taylor that they will withdraw their pending neglect petition once Cassandra completes her last round of chemo -- expected around the end of April -- and that she 'll be allowed to return home . So for now , Cassandra is said to spend her days reading , watching TV and drawing . "  The hospital is effectively jail , " Michtom said .	Judge wo n't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments
CNN  -- When the Battle of Gettysburg was over after three days , the Civil War 's bloodiest battle had claimed 51,000 casualties . The Union Army of the Potomac clashed with Gen. Robert E. Lee 's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia in July 1863 . The battle turned against Lee and his invaders on July 3 , and Confederate forces returned to Virginia . The ferocious battle , considered a turning point in the war , occurred 150 years ago this week , on land that is now a national military park . Gettysburg anniversary provides a bigger story With soldiers ' graves on the battlefield and near a former hospital site , Gettysburg residents pleaded with state officials to create what is now called the Soldiers ' National Cemetery . At the cemetery 's dedication on November 19 , 1863 , President Abraham Lincoln gave his epochal two-minute Gettysburg Address , reminding listeners "  that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . " In 1864 , a group of citizens established the Gettysburg Battlefield Memorial Association to preserve part of the battlefield as a memorial to the Union soldiers who fought there , according to the National Park Service . In 1895 , the association transferred its land holdings to the federal government . The NPS took over administration of the park in 1933 . This week , the park will continue to mark the 150th anniversary of the battle with a series of commemorative events . At least 25,000 visitors per day were expected from June 28 through July 7 , according to the Gettysburg Convention & Visitors Bureau . Park stats : Gettysburg National Military Park welcomed about 1.2 million visitors last year . The nearly 6,000-acre site includes 1,320 monuments and memorials , 148 historic buildings , 410 cannons and the Soldiers ' National Cemetery  with 7,756 total interments  .  About 3,500 are Civil War burials . The rest came from subsequent wars . The location : The site is in Adams County , Pennsylvania , about 35 miles southwest of Middletown 's Harrisburg International Airport . If you go : There 's no fee to enter the park but there is an admission fee for the Gettysburg Museum Experience , the film "  A New Birth of Freedom , " narrated by Morgan Freeman , and the Gettysburg Cyclorama .  National Park passes are not accepted for entrance to the museum and visitor center .  Visitors can book licensed battlefield guides for private tours for a fee , and reservations are recommended . During the summer months , bus tours are available for a fee . Meet our ranger : Seasonal park ranger Caitlin Kostic fell in love with the history of the Civil War in the fifth grade , when her teacher played the 1993 movie "  Gettysburg " as part of a history lesson on the war . "  After watching it , I could n't get enough of it and bought books and watched specials , " said Kostic , 24 , who lived in Hazleton , Pennsylvania , about 120 miles northeast of Gettysburg . "  As a result , my parents brought me to Gettysburg that summer for a one-night stay . I told my mom that someday I would be giving tours of the battlefield at Gettysburg . " Kostic started interning at the park in college and is working her third summer as a seasonal ranger , having just completed a master 's degree in applied history . "  I love getting up every day and coming to a place that is rich in history , and I love spending my time reading , researching and teaching the public about things that are so much bigger than myself . It 's a very humbling experience . " For a day trip , do n't miss : The battlefield . "  That 's the reason we are here . " A basic introduction to the battlefield can take two or three hours , Kostic said . "  You step out onto the field , and you are walking in the footsteps of the soldiers . "  You get a sense of what they saw and their struggles . It gets pretty hot and humid in the summer . You experience that heat and humidity in that terrain , putting yourself in the mindsets of the soldiers who fought here . That helps place  people  back in time . " During the summer , there are about 20 free park ranger programs each day , every day of the week . Visitors can also purchase an audio CD to help navigate the field , take a bus tour or hire a licensed guide for a private tour . Favorite less-traveled spot : Power 's Hill , located on the Baltimore Pike , was part of the Union army 's artillery line and the site of Gen. George Gordon Meade 's temporary headquarters on July 3 . At the time of the battle , the hill was about half-covered in trees , while the other half was bare . Over time , the hill has been completely covered by trees . A park effort is underway to remove some of the trees "  to recapture the historic landscape " of 1863 , Kostic said . "  It 's a very strategic part of the field . It 's hard on a program to imagine those trees not there , " she said . "  When the battlefield is rehabilitated , we can give more effective programs . " Favorite historical spot : Soldiers ' National Cemetery . Created after the battle , but before the war ended in April 1865 , there are 3,500 Union soldiers interred in the cemetery where Lincoln came to deliver his Gettysburg Address . It also contains the graves of soldiers of subsequent conflicts through Vietnam , Kostic said . It was closed to new burials in 1972 . "  It shows that sacrifice is a generational thing , " she said . "  Every generation has been called to sacrifice something . That sacrifice can be linked throughout the years ... and you can capture a lot of American history in that cemetery . " Favorite nature spot : Little Round Top . Part of the Union position on July 2-3 and perhaps the most visited part of the battlefield , the entire western slope of Little Round Top  which is also a hill  is void of trees . "  You can see the entire battlefield from this hill , " she said . "  You can see the South Mountain range and part of the town , and you get a whole sense of the area . People enjoy going in the evening because they can watch the sunset . "  We look upon these fields as beautiful landscapes , but the only reason we look at them is because of the carnage that took place 150 years ago . At one point these fields were ugly because of the wounded and dead that littered the field . " Most transformative moment in the park : Last year on July 2 , 2012 , it was the anniversary of the battle . During anniversary days , the rangers give programs in real time , sharing history at the time it was actually being made on the battlefield . Located at Little Round Top , Kostic was giving her first-ever real time program at 4 p.m. , at the time fighting had occurred at that spot . "  The actions of the people 149 years ago made the site important -LSB- that anniversary day -RSB- , " she said . "  Knowing the stories of the men , knowing that many of them were wounded and dying ... it 's an extremely humbling experience . " Favorite other park to visit : The National Mall in Washington , D.C. "  I love the fact that there is so much to do , and it 's free , " Kostic said . If she had to pick one site at the mall , it 's the Vietnam Veterans Memorial . "  That 's my favorite spot at the mall . "	Battle of Gettysburg took place 150 years ago at a site that is now a national military park Do n't miss a visit to the battlefield , "  the reason we 're all here , " says ranger Caitlin Kostic At the dedication of the Soldiers ' National Cemetery , Lincoln gave historic Gettysburg Address
CNN  -- Scores of would-be swashbucklers found themselves in need of rescuing Saturday night when their ship -- the Pirate 's Ransom -- ran aground in west Florida , a government spokeswoman said . The pirate-themed ship was actually one of two vessels in and around Clearwater whose passengers inadvertently celebrated New Year 's Eve on shore , rather that at sea . The other ship -- the Island Time -- went aground while trying to take some of the first ship 's passengers ashore , said city public safety spokeswoman Elizabeth Watts . Eventually , fire and police boats ended up ferrying the 100 passengers on the Pirate 's Ransom safely back to shore , as intended . One 77-year-old female passenger was "  checked out at the scene , but refused treatment , " said Watts . The Pirate 's Random is the vessel of one "  Captain Memo , " whose website invites "  briny buccaneers and seafaring seadogs " to join his crew in feasting , drinking and searching for dolphins . Memo 's mates include wenches , like "  Take Your Treasure Terri , " and captains like "  Gangplank Gary " and "  Scurvy Steve . " Watts said that "  fog is believed to be a factor in the ships running aground . "	Two ships run aground in west Florida , one of them a pirate-themed vessel The Pirate 's Ransom is the vessel of "  Captain Memo " A boat trying to ferry the theme ship 's passengers also ran aground A city official says that "  fog is believed to be a factor "
CNN  An anonymous letter bitterly insulting African-American officers was recently found in mailboxes at a Connecticut police station . It was written on official letterhead , CNN affiliate WFSB reported . It starts out with the words "  WHITE POWER " in capital letters . And it contains a line that reads , "  These Black Officers belong in the toilet . " It ends at the bottom with a repeat of the words "  WHITE POWER . " The letter was flagged to authorities by a police organization for minority officers , The Bridgeport Guardians . Though decidedly racist against all black officers , the letter singles out one in particular -- Clive Higgins , who a jury recently acquitted of using undue force in the kicking of a detained man lying at the feet of Higgins . Two other officers , one Hispanic and one white , were also involved . Those men -- Elson Morales and Joseph Lawlor -- resigned from the force , pleaded guilty to the kicking charges and will serve three months in prison , local news site ctpost.com reported . The incident in May 2011 was caught on video and posted to YouTube . The unsteady shot begins with the nattering sound of a Taser , before the lens sways over to a man on the ground . Two police officers appear to try to cuff him , then both of them kick him . A third officer , African-American , pulls up in a squad car and launches one small kick at the detained man lying on the ground . Whoever wrote the racist letter apparently did n't like that Higgins was acquitted alone and threatened his life for not going along with his convicted colleagues . "  You better watch your back . We know where you live . Your face was all over the newspaper . Remember you have no duty weapon to defend yourself , " it read . Local news site ctpost.com posted a copy of the letter online . CNN 's Rick Martin and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	An anonymous , racist letter on Bridgeport , Connecticut , police stationery pans black officers But it targets in particular a black officer acquitted of using undue force in a police kicking incident Two more officers , a Hispanic man and a white man , were convicted and face prison
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The top court in Iraq sentenced two of Saddam Hussein 's half-brothers to death Wednesday for crimes against humanity . Tariq Aziz , seen in 2002 , was sentenced Wednesday to 15 years in jail for crimes against humanity . The court also sentenced former Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz and a former senior official known as "  Chemical Ali " -- Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- to 15 years in custody for crimes against humanity , an official with the Iraq High Tribunal told CNN . The men were sentenced for their roles in the 1992 execution of 42 merchants . In an unrelated trial last week , Al-Majeed was sentenced to death for his role in putting down an uprising in Baghdad a decade ago , Iraqi state TV reported . It was the third death sentence for al-Majeed , a cousin of Hussein , the former dictator of Iraq who was toppled from power by the U.S.-led coalition in 2003 . Al-Majeed and other former members of Hussein 's regime remain in U.S. custody . His execution has been delayed for political rather than legal reasons . In last week 's trial , Aziz was acquitted . Aziz , one of the best-known faces of the Hussein regime , was Iraq 's deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 and also served as minister of foreign affairs for part of that time . He was captured by U.S. forces in April 2003 , shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq . Meanwhile , car bombs in the northern Iraqi cities of Mosul and Kirkuk killed six people on Wednesday , officials told CNN . The Mosul car bomb , which targeted troops , killed four people and wounded 14 others , an Interior Ministry official said . The car , parked near the city 's medical college , blew up near an Iraqi army patrol . Of the dead , three were soldiers . Four other soldiers were among those wounded . Mosul , which has long been a volatile city , has had a strong militant presence . In Kirkuk , a parked car bomb exploded near a police patrol , killing two civilians and wounding seven others . The oil-rich and ethnically diverse city is known for sectarian and political tension . People were injured in wo other incidents in Iraq on Wednesday . In Baghdad , mortar fire in a residential area wounded four civilians . And a roadside bomb in the largely Kurdish town of Jalawla in Diyala province wounded four police officers . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this story	NEW : Car bombs in northern Iraqi cities of Mosul and Kirkuk kill six people Two Saddam Hussein half-brothers sentenced to death for crimes against humanity Court gives 15-year sentences to former Deputy PM Tariq Aziz and "  Chemical Ali " "  Chemical Ali , " Hussein 's cousin , already faces three death sentences
CNN  -- Donnie Collins ' journey from female to male will continue , thanks to a college fraternity that raised money for sex-change surgery . Collins , a 20-year-old sophomore at Boston 's Emerson College , learned soon after he joined the Phi Alpha Tau fraternity that his insurance company declined to cover surgery to remove breast tissue to flatten his chest . Phi Alpha Tau members , defying the conventional stereotype of a fraternity , launched a campaign on an online fundraising site -- Indiegogo.com -- with a goal of collecting the $ 8,100 needed for the procedure , scheduled for May . "  We see Donnie as a brother and we want to support him in this endeavor , " Phi Alpha Tau Chapter President Jon Allen told CNN affiliate WBZ-TV . "  We are here less to raise money , and more to tell a story ... of transformation , and a story of self-discovery , and the story of brotherhood , " the online appeal said . Opinion : Gender identity not just about body parts The response was overwhelming , resulting in almost $ 16,000 , according to the frat 's website . The money left over after the surgery will be donated to the Jim Collins Foundation , an organization that helps "  fund gender-confirming surgeries for transgender people , " the group said . "  I 'm overwhelmed and surprised . I ca n't thank everyone enough , " Collins told WBZ-TV . The whole Emerson campus has been supportive of Collins , according to Jason Meier , who supervises the school 's Greek groups as student activities director . Being transgender no longer a mental ` disorder ' in diagnostic manual "  Emerson has always been very inclusive and accepting of LGBT students , " Meier told CNN . "  I did n't even flinch or bat an eye . It just seemed like every day for these men . " Collins is not the first transgender member of the fraternity , Meier said . Another transgender student became a leader in the group , he said . Phi Alpha Tau , which has been active at Emerson since 1902 , describes itself on its website as a "  professional communicative arts fraternity . " Parents of transgender first-grader file discrimination complaint CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	An insurance company denies Donnie Collins ' request to cover a sex change Phi Alpha Tau members launch an online drive to pay for Collins ' surgery "  We see Donnie as a brother , " the frat president says "  I 'm overwhelmed and surprised , " Collins says
On the road to Timbuktu , Mali  CNN  -- French-led troops in Mali have seized control of the airport in Timbuktu from Islamist militants and are fighting their way into the city center , spokesmen for the French Defense Ministry and the Malian military said Monday . "  We are winning in Mali , " French President Francois Hollande said at a news conference . Malian and French forces have together been battling the Islamists to loosen their grip on the country 's north , which the militants have controlled for months . Hollande , who refused to speculate on how long the French intervention would continue , said the Islamists still control the northern part of the country . The United States has also stepped up its involvement in the conflict by conducting aerial refueling missions on top of the intelligence and airlift support it was already providing . Photos : Mali military battles Islamist insurgents Malian and French soldiers scored a key victory last week , taking control of Gao , a city east of Timbuktu that for months had been a militant stronghold . And flushing the Islamists out of Timbuktu , Mali 's historic cultural center , would be a big symbolic gain . The Islamists were reported to be fleeing Timbuktu to the city of Kidal , more than 500 kilometers  310 miles  to the northeast . New fears for Timbuktu in Mali conflict The quickening advance of the government forces has brought them to the heart of the territory held by the militants . Covering the fighting up close is almost impossible for journalists , who are prevented from gaining access to the front line . Journalists are allowed to enter a town only after it has been freed and its security guaranteed by French and Malian troops . French forces are involved in the fight in Mali , a former French colony that retains close ties with Paris , in an effort to prevent the Islamists from turning the once peaceful democracy into a haven for international terrorists . France has 2,150 soldiers on Malian soil , with 1,000 more troops supporting the operation from elsewhere . Photos : Fears for Timbuktu in Mali conflict The Islamic extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . The militants banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . Refugees have told harrowing stories of life under the Islamist militants . But human rights groups have also raised concerns about reports that Malian soldiers are themselves carrying out extrajudicial killings and abuses as they counterstrike . Six reasons events in Mali matter The prosecutor for the International Criminal Court issued a statement Monday putting Malian forces on notice that "  all those alleged to be responsible for serious crimes in Mali must be held accountable . " "  My Office is aware of reports that Malian forces may have committed abuses in recent days , in central Mali , " the prosecutor said . "  I urge the Malian authorities to put an immediate stop to the alleged abuses and on the basis of the principle of complementarity , to investigate and prosecute those responsible for the alleged crimes . " The restrictions on journalists make it harder to gauge the realities on the ground . The United Nations ' refugee agency , the UNHCR , has called for an increase in international aid for the hundreds of thousands of people who have been displaced by the fighting in the country . More than 150,000 refugees have fled Mali into neighboring countries , and another 230,000 are displaced inside Mali , the agency said . One casualty in the battle for Timbuktu is the city 's library , which was designated a world heritage site because of a treasure of rare books and manuscripts about precolonial Africa , a South Africa professor told CNN on Monday . "  What we do n't know is the full extent of the damage , " said Shamil Jeppie , who is director of the Timbuktu Manuscripts project . "  There are no phones or communications to Timbuktu , and there have n't been for some time . Much of the images show documents and papers tossed on the ground , but it appears that just a portion of the library is actually burned . The building itself was certainly razed . " Jeppie said it would "  be a loss for all humanity if the manuscripts were destroyed . " "  In a continent in which most of the memory of peoples is transferred orally through storytelling and can be lost , the people in Timbuktu had a written tradition that is quite rare in Africa , " he said . "  Most books that we get our knowledge of precolonial Africa were written by missionaries and seen through their eyes . This history is deeply precolonial , and we still have much to learn and simply ca n't do it without the documentation that is only there in Timbuktu . " CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	"  We are winning in Mali , " French president says French forces are fighting the remaining Islamists in Timbuktu Militants are reported to be fleeing to another city farther northeast Malian and French forces recaptured an Islamist stronghold last week
CNN  -- A Catholic priest in Pennsylvania has been charged with molesting a teenage boy after police said he was found in a car on a college campus with a 15-year-old who was wearing no pants , according to a police criminal complaint filed Friday in Lackawanna County . The Rev. W. Jeffrey Paulish was charged with one felony count of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and one felony count of unlawful contact with a minor after Dunmore police say they found him and the boy on Thursday in a car on the Worthington Scranton campus of Penn State University , according to the complaint . Paulish , 56 , of Scranton , was also charged with three misdemeanor counts -- indecent contact with a person under 16 , indecent exposure and corruption of a minor . He is being held at the Lackawanna County jail on $ 50,000 bail . Dunmore police officers say they discovered Paulish and the boy after responding to a call of a suspicious vehicle , according to an arrest warrant affidavit filed with the court . Allegedly Paulish told police he was at the campus working on his homily when he met the teen , who he said was in emotional distress , and began counseling him . According to the affidavit , he later admitted to police that he had arranged the meeting with the teen through the "  casual encounters " section of Craigslist . Paulish told investigators that he had asked the boy three times if he was over the age of 18 , the affidavit said . A telephone message left by CNN for Paulish 's attorney , Bernard J. Brown , was not immediately returned Friday . Paulish has been removed from his post at the Prince of Peace parish and has been suspended from acting in the capacity of a priest , according to a statement released by the Diocese of Scranton . The diocese pledged its cooperation with the investigation , and it called on anyone who "  may have been sexually abused by Father Paulish or any member of the clergy " to notify the district attorney 's office . "  I wish to acknowledge how unsettling this is to me personally and to countless others , that yet again a priest has been involved in such inappropriate , immoral and illegal behavior , " the Bishop of Scranton , the Rev. Joseph Bambera , said in the statement .	The Rev. W. Jeffrey Paulish , 56 , was arrested Thursday Authorities say they found Paulish with partially dressed teen Paulish has been charged with two felony counts and three misdemeanors The Diocese of Scranton has suspended Paulish
CNN  -- Kate Gosselin last appeared on Larry King Live on May 10 . A little more than a month later , on June 22 , she and her husband Jon filed for divorce and announced their split that same day in a special edition of their show . Kate Gosselin says she and her kids would like to continue their TV show , but admits it will be up to the network . Gosselin returned to Larry King Live on Tuesday to discuss her sextuplets , the future of her show and how she feels about Jon . The following is an edited version of the interview : Larry King : How much do they know about what 's going on ? The 9-year-olds probably do , right ? Kate Gosselin : They understand the process . They 're working through it , the same that Jon and I are . They 're doing remarkably well . This has opened up a lot of discussions between them and myself . A lot of questions come my way , and we 're dealing with it . They 're doing very well considering . Watch Gosselin discuss the split " King : Why did you agree to do this reality show in the first place ? Gosselin : In the very beginning , we started filming a one-hour special . It was a way to document what was happening in our lives . At that time , there was a lot of local news stories . There were a lot of people in the country and the world , believe it or not , pulling for us . As you know , sextuplets are not born every day , so there was a lot of interest . We did the one-hour special to show everyone . I always pictured like the little old lady that was sitting at home who was praying for us , rooting for us and needing to know what happened to those babies that were born . So we did it for that reason as well as to collect the memories for ourselves . King : Why did you agree to do a regular reality show ? You could have said that 's the special , here 's my life , goodbye . Gosselin : I could have . At that point , the one-hour special was a very good experience . The network , TLC , we were on Discovery Health at that time . Now , TLC is wonderful , supportive , and it was a great experience for us . So we , you know , really moved forward because of that reason . It was healthy and safe and fun . King : Do the kids talk to you about divorce ? Gosselin : They do . And as any child , you know , when their parents are divorcing , the goal is peace and we 've achieved that numerous times . The Fourth of July we spent together as a family . My goal is , no matter what the circumstance , no matter what place , you know , one of us is in , my goal is really peace and the best that it can be for the kids . King : Do they get counseling ? Gosselin : We have not started that process , but I feel like it is a very normal thing to do . And absolutely , when the time is right . King : Jon is quoted in the new "  Us Weekly " : "  I wish I had a 9 to 5 job instead of the nightmare I 'm living . This is 24/7 . I do n't even want to do taping the show anymore . " What 's your reaction to that ? Gosselin : Jon 's opinions and his goals are his . I know that , personally , for myself and the kids , this has been a good experience . It continues to be a good experience . And , you know , really the network has been extremely supportive , above and beyond , I feel , what they need to be . And I only experience good things . Everyone works . Everyone has a job . Everyone has what they 're dealing with . And , generally speaking , this is the most flexible , workable , wonderful job for myself . King : How long have you been doing it now ? Gosselin : We are in season 5 . We started filming in August of 2005 . King : Why is it such a good thing to have a private life public ? Gosselin : It 's been a source of huge -- for whatever reason -- inspiration for a lot of people . Many , many people -- many parents feel that their decisions are , maybe not , great decisions . Every parent has that , you know , parent guilt of my goal is to produce wonderful , productive individuals and put them out into society . That is the goal of a parent -- for us to show the world that we are not perfect , life is unpredictable , but life always goes on and there 's always , always , always something to look forward to . And for me , that is raising my children to the best of my ability . King : But as an intelligent person , you also know to all good things , there are downsides . Gosselin : Absolutely . With every positive , there is a negative across the board in life . It 's about choosing to see the positive and working with the negative . King : So what happens now ? Are you and the kids going to do the show and Jon is out ? Gosselin : I 'm not the person to make that decision . I know that myself and the kids will continue the show . King : But if Jon says I do n't want to do it anymore , I do n't want to be part of it , I 'm divorced , I do n't need this , will the network say it 's you and the kids ? Gosselin : That would be a question for the network . King : Will the name of the show change ? Gosselin : That would be a question for the network . King : And if they said forget it , that would be OK with you ? If they said we 'll continue , that 's OK with you ? Gosselin : That will be their decision . King : You 've become famous worldwide over this . What 's the downside of that ? Gosselin : You know , I could really live without the following . King : Attention ? Gosselin : Yes . I could live my whole life -- I would have to say that is absolutely the negative . I realize it comes with it . I know that it goes along with it . I 'm smart enough to figure out that , you know , there 's interest . It 's going to be interest across the board . It 's another learning lesson . King : You and Jon renewed your marriage vows a year ago this month in Hawaii . What happened ? How do you go from renewing vows to filing for divorce in a year ? Gosselin : It is a question I ask myself every day . I do n't have the answer . King : But  Jon  made this decision ? Gosselin : You know , it 's just an issue that we discussed amongst ourselves . I do n't feel like that is something that we need to discuss the details of . King : Yes , but when you get so famous , you and him and the kids , and then you leave out those details , do n't you disappoint the audience that 's come to expect more ? Gosselin : My main concern is my kids . And I do n't want them to see or hear anything on TV that I did n't discuss with them . And we discussed what they need to know at their developmental age groups . But I do n't feel like I need to go any further than that at this time .	Kate Gosselin says sextuplets are doing well despite parents ' breakup Gosselin says she does n't know what led to split with husband Jon Gosselin wants to continue TV show , but says it 's network 's decision
CNN  -- The family behind A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " rallied around its patriarch Thursday , one day after the network suspended Phil Robertson over controversial remarks he made about gays and blacks in a magazine interview . "  While some of Phil 's unfiltered comments to the reporter were coarse , his beliefs are grounded in the teachings of the Bible . Phil is a Godly man who follows what the Bible says are the greatest commandments : ` Love the Lord your God with all your heart ' and ` Love your neighbor as yourself . ' Phil would never incite or encourage hate , " the Robertsons said in a statement . The family called into question the future of the show . "  We are disappointed that Phil has been placed on hiatus for expressing his faith , which is his constitutionally protected right . We have had a successful working relationship with A&E but , as a family , we can not imagine the show going forward without our patriarch at the helm . We are in discussions with A&E to see what that means for the future of Duck Dynasty , " it said . In the January issue of GQ , Robertson said homosexuality is a sin and puts it in the same category as bestiality and promiscuity . "  It seems like , to me , a vagina -- as a man -- would be more desirable than a man 's anus . That 's just me . I 'm just thinking : There 's more there ! She 's got more to offer . I mean , come on , dudes ! You know what I 'm saying ? But hey , sin : It 's not logical , my man . It 's just not logical , " he 's quoted as saying . When asked what he thought was sinful , Robertson replied : "  Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there . Bestiality , sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men . " But homosexuals are n't alone , Robertson said . "  Neither the adulterers , the idolaters , the male prostitutes , the homosexual offenders , the greedy , the drunkards , the slanderers , the swindlers -- they wo n't inherit the kingdom of God . Do n't deceive yourself . It 's not right . " Opinion : ` Duck Dynasty ' suspension does n't violate First Amendment A&E said it was troubled by Robertson 's statements . "  We are extremely disappointed to have read Phil Robertson 's comments in GQ , which are based on his own personal beliefs and are not reflected in the series Duck Dynasty , " the network said in a statement Wednesday . "  His personal views in no way reflect those of A+E Networks , who have always been strong supporters and champions of the LGBT community . The network has placed Phil under hiatus from filming indefinitely . " In addition to his comments about homosexuality , Robertson also spoke about race and growing up in Louisiana before the civil rights era . "  I never , with my eyes , saw the mistreatment of any black person . Not once , " he told GQ . "  Where we lived was all farmers . The blacks worked for the farmers . I hoed cotton with them . I 'm with the blacks , because we 're white trash . We 're going across the field . ... They 're singing and happy . I never heard one of them , one black person , say , ' I tell you what : These doggone white people ' -- not a word ! "  Pre-entitlement , pre-welfare , you say : Were they happy ? They were godly ; they were happy ; no one was singing the blues , " GQ quoted Robertson as saying . Did A&E make the right decision ? Share your view Outrage and support The NAACP and the Human Rights Campaign wrote a joint letter to the president of A&E expressing "  outrage and deep concern about the recent racist , homophobic , and ill-informed remarks made by Phil Robertson . " "  Mr. Robertson claims that , from what he saw , African Americans were happier under Jim Crow . What he did n't see were lynching and beatings of black men and women for attempting to vote or simply walking down the street , " the letter states . "  And his offensive claims about gay people fly in the face of science . In fact , it 's important to note that every single leading medical organization in the country has said that there is absolutely nothing wrong with being LGBT -- it 's not a choice , and to suggest otherwise is dangerous . " But by early Thursday night , more than 70,000 people had signed a change.org petition calling for A&E to bring Robertson back . "  Homosexuals have their convictions and Christians respect them , " the organizer of the petition wrote . "  There is a difference between respecting someone rights to exercise free will and imposing on others what we believe . Phil has done nothing more than state what he believes in . Just because homosexuals do not agree , does not mean Mr. Robertson needs to be suspended . " Similarly , the Facebook page "  Bring Back Phil Robertson " had more than 190,000 "  likes " by Thursday night . Robertson responded to the brouhaha in a statement late Wednesday . "  I would never treat anyone with disrespect just because they are different from me , " he said . "  We are all created by the Almighty and like Him , I love all of humanity . " "  Duck Dynasty " follows a Louisiana bayou family that has "  made a fortune on duck calls , " as A&E puts it . Robertson founded the Duck Commander company , "  which sold a line of custom-made duck-hunting calls that quickly became popular among avid hunters for their uncanny accuracy in replicating the sound of a real duck , " the GQ article states . Videos of his family 's duck hunts led to a show on the Outdoor Channel and eventually A&E , the article says . Season 5 of is set to premiere on January 15 . According to A&E , its fourth season premiere in August drew nearly 12 million viewers to become the No. 1 nonfiction series telecast in cable history . CNN Exclusive : Family pastor defends ` Duck Dynasty ' star CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	NEW : The Robertson family calls into question the show 's future Phil Robertson has been suspended "  indefinitely " from A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " Sinful behavior can start with homosexuality and morph into things like bestiality , he tells GQ He also says black people he saw in pre-civil rights Louisiana were "  singing and happy "
The company that owns a cash depot targeted in a daring helicopter raid this week said Friday it is offering a reward of more than $ 1 million for information about the heist . A police Swat team enter a G4S cash depot in Vastberga , Stockholm . G4S said it is offering up to 7 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.01 million  for information leading directly to the arrest and conviction of the offenders or the recovery of the stolen money . G4S also said the circulation of cash in Stockholm would not be adversely affected by the heist , which occurred just days before Sweden 's monthly payday , when the depot would have been rife with cash . The company did not disclose how much money had been lost , but the thieves could have gotten as much as the equivalent of several millions of U.S. dollars , according to CNN affiliate TV4 . A group of heavily-armed thieves used a helicopter early Wednesday to land on the roof of the cash depot in Vastbarga , Stockholm , which serves automatic teller machines all across the capital , TV4 reported . They used explosives to get into the building , witness Bjorn Lockstrom told TV4 , and later hoisted bags of money to the waiting chopper . TV4 later reported that the blueprints of the building were public documents which anybody could request to see . G4S had never asked for the blueprints to be classified . The helicopter had been stolen earlier during the night , police said . The thieves had also placed a bag marked "  bomb " outside the police heliport , meaning Swedish police could n't immediately pursue the thieves because they had to first deal with the bag . TV4 later reported that the bag never contained a bomb . The thieves had also blocked the roads around the cash depot with metal spikes , TV4 reported . No one was hurt during the heist , police said , even though several employees had been in the building when the robbers entered . Stockholm police said the heist had been elaborate . "  The robbery was very well planned . They brought a lot of firepower with them , among other things automatic weapons , " Anders Bjargard from the Stockholm police , told TV4 . Two people have been questioned in relation to the heist , but no one has been arrested . Police are still hopeful they will find the perpetrators . "  We have a lot of traces after the perpetrators , both where the robbery took place and where we found the helicopter , " Bjargard said . The investigation is the biggest operation the Swedish police have mounted since the murder of Sweden 's then-Foreign Minister Anna Lindh in 2003 . "  It 's an enormous piece of puzzle , and we do n't want to miss anything , " Anders Buren , head of police operations , told TV4 . Since the heist , Swedish police have been criticized for storing their helicopters at an unguarded heliport in the Stockholm archipelago , which enabled the thieves easily to put the police helicopter out of commission . Swedish media also criticized police for not shooting at the thieves as they escaped in their helicopter . But Bengt Svensson , the head of Swedish police , defended the police officers ' actions . "  Just because we now have criminals who act like they do in the movies does n't mean that we can do it as well , " Svensson told Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet .	Owners of Swedish cash depot offer # 1M reward for information on heist Thieves believed to have stolen the equivalent of several million dollars Armed thieves used a stolen helicopter during the raid
Congressman Jared Polis D  Colorado : District 02 Congressman Jason Chaffetz R  Utah : District 03	Two freshman representatives document their experience for CNN Rep. Jared Polis is a Democrat representing Colorado 's Second district Rep. Jason Chaffetz is a Republican representing Utah 's Third district
CNN  -- Police have released more than 60 soccer fans detained Saturday in downtown Moscow riots that injured 29 people , an interior department spokesman said Sunday , according to state-run media . Hundreds of soccer fans clashed with Moscow police as an unsanctioned nationalist-tinged mass memorial for a fellow supporter turned violent , according to state media . The confrontations took place in Manezh Square , outside the Kremlin , and led to the arrests of 65 Spartak Moscow fans for "  disobedience , " Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov said , according to official Russian news agency Itar-Tass . An undetermined number of people -- including several police -- were hurt in the clashes , news agencies reported . Russian football has been in the spotlight since the country was named as the host of the 2018 World Cup finals earlier this month . The head of the Spartak Moscow fan club told the semi-official news agency RIA Novosti that the showdown had nothing to do with sports but instead was rooted in problems in Russian society . Nationalist group members stirred the clashes , Russian Football Union president Sergei Fursenko told the news agency . Some 5,000 fans of the Moscow soccer club had gathered to remember a fellow fan , Yegor Sviridov , who was killed December 6 in northern Moscow by several men from Russia 's Caucasus region . Police blocked their rally , but fans then started a fight with men from Caucasus , reported Itar-Tass . Hundreds of fans chanted nationalist slogans , with some throwing flares and smoke pellets at police . Video on the independent Russia 24 network showed helmeted police officers clubbing protesters and dragging them away . Anti-riot police used batons to try to break up the gathering and help facilitate traffic through the area , according to Itar-Tass . Some fights broke out , and several police officers were injured . Moscow police chief Vladimir Kolokoltsev used a megaphone to urge the crowd to disperse , saying , "  You have let  your  steam out . Now you 'd better go home , " reported Itar-Tass . Kolokoltsev later credited Interior Ministry official Yuri Demidov for giving "  exhaustive answers " to fans ' questions and calming them down . Still , according to Itar-Tass , about 300 supporters "  crushed everything " on their way from the square to the subway , breaking lights on escalators and smashing windows on a train . Kolokoltsev said that he was confident that all those involved in the December 6 confrontation in northern Moscow would be arrested . Itar-Tass reported Friday that two of those suspects had already been detained .	A confrontation occurs at an unsanctioned mass memorial for a slain soccer fan About 5,000 Spartak Moscow supporters clashed with police near the Kremlin Report : More than 60 fans who were detained are released The head of the team 's fan club says the incident has nothing to do with soccer
CNN  Two Australians held by Indonesian authorities for nearly a decade appear to be just days away from execution by firing squad . Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , members of the so-called "  Bali Nine " sentenced on drug smuggling charges , were transferred Wednesday from prison to a maximum security facility where they will be isolated before being put to death . Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair . They have been jailed since April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin from Bali to Australia . OPINION : Why executions wo n't win Indonesia 's drug war Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Wednesday said "  Australians are feeling sick in their guts at the prospect of execution for these two . " "  We abhor drug crime , but we abhor the death penalty . We think that these two Australians deserve to be punished , but they certainly do n't deserve to be executed , " he said . The Prime Minister said people should not let anger affect Australians ' relationship with Indonesia . The two men will be given 72 hours notice of their impending appointment with a 12-member firing squad once they arrive on the island of Nusakambangan . But precisely when is unclear . They are among a number of people from different countries who are also scheduled for execution . The Bali Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Australian Federal Police . Chan , 31 , was called the ringleader of the plot , and Sukumaran was described as Chan 's collaborator in the scheme . Seven other people who participated in the plan are serving lengthy prison sentences . Police caught four people at the Denpasar airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies . Another four -- including Sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel in the village of Kuta . Chan was detained after a boarding a plane to Sydney -- he was n't carrying any drugs but was named by others as the mastermind of the plot . The Indonesian administrative court last week dismissed a case filed by lawyers of the two Australians against President Joko Widodo . The attorneys wanted a review of the president 's decision to deny them clemency . Todung Mulya Lubis , who represents the pair , said a challenge had been submitted to the administrative court and lawyers were still waiting for a court summons . "  There should be no execution as long as there is a legal process going on , " Lubis said . Sukumaran and Chan have become model prisoners during their time behind bars , according to fellow inmates and the jail 's chief warden . Sukumaran is studying fine arts and has set up a class for fellow inmates . Chan has found spirituality , which he uses to counsel inmates with drug problems . Their rehabilitation is genuine , Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has said . "  Andrew and Myuran are the model of what penal systems the world over long to achieve , " Bishop told the Australian Parliament in February . Indonesia has long taken a tough line on drug smugglers , and Widodo has made it clear he does n't intend to introduce a policy of leniency . In December , six prisoners were killed by firing squad , including five foreigners from Brazil , the Netherlands , Malawi , Nigeria and Vietnam . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff issued a statement saying the execution of one of her countrymen had "  severely affected " relations with Indonesia . CNN 's Camille Feanny and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	Australia PM : We hate drug crime , but we hate capital punishment , too Prisoners will be notified 72 hours before execution is to take place Two men to be shot are considered the leaders of failed heroin-smuggling plot
CNN  -- Last weekend Louis Van Gaal was hailing the beginning of a "  new era " at Manchester United after a rout of QPR . Sunday saw a sobering reality check for the Dutchman and his expensively-assembled "  galacticos " as the English Premier League powerhouses surrendered a 3-1 lead to lose 5-3 to newly-promoted Leicester City . It had looked an improbable scenario at the King Power Stadium as United 's attacking prowess was on full display with Radamel Falcao setting up Robin van Persie for a headed opener before record signing Angel Di Maria made it 2-0 with a delightful chip . The first danger signs came after Leicester 's new talisman Leonardo Ulloa headed home to reduce the deficit , but when another United summer signing Ander Herrera re-opened the two-goal with a clever back heel , the three points were there for the taking . But then in Van Gaal 's words "  we made big errors " and the unheralded home team took full advantage . Referee Mark Clattenburg awarded a contentious penalty after Rafael pulled back Jamie Vardy and David Nugent struck it home . Leicester soon leveled as Dean Hammond was allowed time to pick out Esteban Cambiasso to stab past David De Gea . Juan Mata had come on as a substitute for Di Maria , but he was caught napping by Ritchie De Laet , who found Vardy to put Leicester ahead . A miserable afternoon for United was rounded off when young defender Tyler Blackett hacked down the rampant Vardy and was red carded . Ullo beat De Gea from the spot to complete a remarkable reversal and push Leicester up to seventh in the standings . United , hoping to win Champions League qualification for next season , languishes in 12th . Van Gaal , who was talking of the Premier League title after the 4-0 win over QPR , must have believed it might be a reality after his side 's superb opening . "  We started well and score fantastic goals , " he told BBC Sport . But he acknowledged that the frailties which emerged in the second half were of his team 's own making . "  We have too many players who just want to score goals . "  We have to look to ourselves because we made such big errors as a team an personally , " he admitted . Leicester manager Nigel Pearson was still pinching himself after the victory . "  At the moment it 's difficult to believe . "  Today 's result and performance will suggest that on the day we can be a difficult opponent . " Later in the afternoon , there was a dramatic end to the early title showdown at the Etihad Stadium between champions Manchester City and current leaders Chelsea . City had 10-men after a red card for Pablo Zabaleta and trailed to an Andre Schurrle goal when former Chelsea star Frank Lampard equalized with virtually his first touch of the ball after coming on as a late replacement . Lampard spent 13 years at Chelsea before joining a new franchise in New York , who then loaned him out to City , and his celebration of the goal was muted . "  I am a little lost for words . I did n't expect to come on and score like that , " he told the UK 's Press Association . "  I came on and the Chelsea fans were singing , and that 's emotional . Then I am playing for this club , who have taken me in brilliantly as well , so I am really stuck in the middle here . " Chelsea still tops the standings by three points from Southampton and Aston Villa after five rounds , but its 100 % record was surrendered by the late strike . On an afternoon of surprises , West Bromwich Albion moved off the bottom with a 1-0 away win at Tottenham Hotspur , while Crystal Palace stunned Everton 3-2 at Goodison Park . Meanwhile , in the Spanish La Liga , one of Van Gaal 's former teams Barcelona maintained its 100 % start to the season with a thumping 5-0 win at Levante . It did not quite match the 8-2 drubbing handed out by arch rivals Real Madrid to Deportivo Saturday , but was Barca 's fourth straight victory to take a two-point lead over Sevilla . Lionel Messi set up Neymar for the opener , but missed a penalty after being fouled by Loukas Vyntra , who was sent off . Ivan Rakitic , Sandro Ramirez , Pedro and Messi with the fifth completed the scoring .	Leicester City beat Manchester United 5-3 after a remarkable turn around United led 3-1 until a late Leicester goal spree Frank Lampard equalizes for Man City against old side Chelsea Barcelona tops La Liga with thrashing of Levante
Washington  CNN  -- A top Colorado Democratic donor has had enough of Sen. Mark Udall 's campaign focus on women 's reproductive rights . As Udall  D-Colo .  delivered a line on the issue in his stump speech Sunday during the final hours of a tight campaign against Republican challenger Cory Gardner , a heckler interrupted by shouting : "  That 's not the only thing you stand for ! Jesus Christ ! " An account of the exchange was detailed by The Guardian . According to the newspaper , Udall responded : "  I 'm sorry ? " And then the man shouted again : "  That 's not the only thing you stand for ! " The Guardian identified the heckler as Leo Beserra , who became a millionaire on Wall Street and for years has been a hefty donor to Colorado Democrats . He 's given at least $ 9,800 to Democrats this year alone . He 's far from the first person to criticize Udall 's campaign for its focus on the issue -- largely targeting Gardner 's previous support  he reversed his stance this year  for a "  personhood " measure that would have had the effect of outlawing abortion . The issue could help Udall turn out votes among women , a key Democratic constituency , who live in Denver 's suburbs . They could be key in a neck-and-neck race : A Quinnipiac poll released Monday showed Gardner with a 45 % to 43 % lead over Udall . But the state 's largest newspaper , The Denver Post , called Udall 's campaign "  obnoxious " in an editorial endorsing Gardner in the Senate race . "  Rather than run on his record , Udall 's campaign has devoted a shocking amount of energy and money trying to convince voters that Gardner seeks to outlaw birth control despite the congressman 's call for over-the-counter sales of contraceptives , " the newspaper editorialized . "  Udall is trying to frighten voters rather than inspire them with a hopeful vision . His obnoxious one-issue campaign is an insult to those he seeks to convince . " Udall 's campaign argued the idea that the campaign has focused solely on women 's reproductive rights is a "  misunderstanding . " Udall spokesman Chris Harris said the campaign has aired TV ads on immigration reform , flood recovery , veterans ' affairs , the National Security Agency and more . He said on Monday , Udall was at a press conference with several other top Colorado Democratic officials on immigration reform . "  This campaign has focused on a wide range of issues . Those who imply otherwise are simply wrong , " he said . Still , Harris defended the campaign 's efforts to highlight women 's reproductive rights , calling it an area of "  fundamental difference " between Udall and Gardner . "  These are not simply social issues , as many people talk about , " he said . "  They are fundamental issues of freedom that affect every single aspect of not just a woman 's but a family 's lives , be it economic , professional and personal . "	Democratic Sen. Mark Udall has focused much of his campaign in Colorado on reproductive rights A heckler shouted at a Sunday rally : "  That 's not the only thing you stand for ! Jesus Christ ! " It 's just the latest blow Udall has suffered for his intense focus on the issue
CNN  -- After the year he 's had , no one could blame Justin Bieber if he really does want to retire . The 19-year-old has spent the past 12 months stuck in a public storm of negative press , bad decisions , ailments and misfires , all while trying to scrub off the sheen of his tween popularity . With a barely there ` stache lingering on his upper lip , the pop star has spent 2013 attempting to assert his manhood and find a bridge over to the adult side of the pop world -- all without completely disregarding the persona or the young fans that helped him become a star in the first place . It 's a delicate and practically impossible balance , a tightrope that Bieber , his ex-girlfriend Selena Gomez , and some cohorts like Miley Cyrus and Ariana Grande have all walked this year to varying degrees of success . Gomez , now 21 , has long shed the role that made her famous with younger crowds , that of Alex Russo on the Disney Channel 's "  Wizards of Waverly Place . " Even as she grew more recognizable thanks to Disney 's marketing prowess , Gomez was never solely definable by the series -- there were departures for albums with her band , Selena Gomez & the Scene , and movies like 2011 's "  Monte Carlo . " But even with those efforts , Gomez began 2013 with a still-intact image as a young adult star . Although she 's in the same age group as her BFF Taylor Swift , Gomez did n't enjoy the same broad demographic appeal . Then March brought Harmony Korine 's "  Spring Breakers , " a sly project aimed directly at the nexus of emerging womanhood . Alongside one actress who 's already come out on the other side of the teen star transition , Vanessa Hudgens , and one who stands on the cusp , Ashley Benson of "  Pretty Little Liars , " Gomez put on a string bikini and struck the requisite provocative poses . It was the kind of risque territory that legions of adolescent stars before her have eagerly walked into , because it always sends a crystal clear message : I 'm not a kid anymore , and it 's time you started treating me like an adult artist . "  The transition 's weird and it 's awkward , " Gomez told CNN of trying to mature in the spotlight with projects like "  Spring Breakers . " "  You do n't really know what the right and wrong thing to do is when you do it , but you can just do projects that you 're really passionate about and this was something that I was definitely excited to be a part of . " Go back roughly 10 years and you would have heard something similar from a then 21-year-old Britney Spears , who caused her own uproar when she kissed Madonna at the MTV Video Music Awards . "  Honestly , it 's about me just performing and expressing myself , " she told CNN of the backlash to her "  adult " behavior , which at the time left some , including this network , questioning how the change in the former Mouseketeer 's image would affect her young fans . Although Spears herself perhaps put it best when she said , "  I 'm not a girl ; not yet a woman , " she was n't the only one struggling . Around the same time , Christina Aguilera was "  Dirrtying " up her reputation with chaps and explicit lyrics , and Spears ' ex-boyfriend , Justin Timberlake , was in the midst of reforming himself from a boy band member to bonafide pop star by promising to have his love interest "  naked by the end of this song . " He took his freshly cultivated sex appeal a step too far at the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show , when he assisted in Janet Jackson 's "  wardrobe malfunction . " But if there 's any comfort to be had for today 's young celebrities , it 's that each of those singers has been able to move past that "  weird and awkward " phase Gomez described . Bieber especially is probably relieved to see that Timberlake survived that enormous scandal to dominate the charts years later with "  The 20/20 Experience . " In Bieber 's case , he can end the year satisfied that he has stretched himself enough artistically to gain positive attention for an older sound , even if the world is n't quite ready to accept the adult artist he 's becoming . Bieber never had to contend with being a part of what 's referred to as the "  Disney machine , " but he did become very famous very quickly at a very young age . Chances are it 's still difficult for the average adult older than 21 to name a Bieber hit that is n't "  Baby " or "  One Less Lonely Girl , " two songs that helped launch his career when he was 15 . So when he says he plans to retire -- which he 's done repeatedly in the weeks leading up to the end of the year in what may or may not be an extended prank that his rep wo n't comment on -- perhaps it 's more likely that he does n't want to quit singing but just wants to retire that old , floppy-haired image . In some ways he 's done that , even if it was inadvertently , with the constant topless photos he 's shared , his altercations with paparazzi , and the salacious rumors that dogged the South American stretch of his tour this year . The music he 's created -- sultry songs about love , heartbreak and pillow talk , with a suggestive video to match -- have only further shown his willingness to leave the kids ' table . One of his tour companions , Ariana Grande , has shown the same desire in a much more subtle way . At 20 , Grande is best known to the under-18s as Nickelodeon 's Cat Valentine on the network 's "  Victorious " and "  Sam & Cat . " But with the release of her debut album , "  Yours Truly , " in August , Grande proved she 's ready and capable to handle an older audience . She did that not with the usual scandals but with a No. 1 album that gained her entrée to larger platforms , such as a performance at the 2013 American Music Awards that earned praise from the likes of Lady Gaga and Kelly Clarkson . The Disney Channel says it 's aware of the rocky terrain that lies ahead for kids who want a career beyond the network 's family-friendly realm . According to Patti McTeague , the senior vice president of Kids Communications for Disney ABC Television Group , the Disney Channel does n't try to "  control or dictate an actor 's image " while they 're working with the company , although they do offer a "  Talent 101 " orientation to help the budding star prepare for what 's ahead . Outside that guidance , though , McTeague said in a statement that "  the talent has the control over their career ; we want them to be obligated to the art of their craft not obligated to us . We recognize we are working with young people at a transition in their personal development -- aka , teenagers -- and we trust parents of employed minors to support and guide their kids . " And , when the time comes that said talent wants to move on from Disney , "  we do n't try to slow the hands of time , " she continued . "  Hopefully , these young actors continue to follow their dreams , explore roles that make sense for them and take their career to the next level . " For at least one former Disney name , Miley Cyrus , making that leap to a new level meant burning down that Mouse House image altogether . The 21-year-old has been trying to liberate herself from her "  Hannah Montana " past for years , but it was n't until 2013 when she was fully able to , in her own words , kill off the character who made her famous . With a new aesthetic , a discovered fondness for suggestive photography , an unfiltered Twitter account and a bold approach to stealing the limelight at each and every awards show that had her on the bill , Cyrus cheerfully let her prior kid-friendly image go up in flames . Although the public stood by and watched like a collective set of exasperated parents , Cyrus is entering 2014 with her mission accomplished . The shock value of seeing a singer and actress who was once the idol of nearly every 9-year-old in America swing naked from a wrecking ball has sunk in ; there 's little , if anything else , she needs to do to assert her adult independence . The transition , for Cyrus at least , is complete .	This year , a number of teen stars tried to transition to adult fame Selena Gomez did a risque movie , Miley Cyrus did risque everything Justin Bieber weathered 12 months of rough seas before joking that he 's "  retiring " Ariana Grande managed to gain adult acclaim without much scandal
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A month after Nadya Suleman took her clothes off for an adult video , the octuplets mom has accepted a job dancing topless at a Florida strip club , her representative said Monday . "  This is not a new career for her , " Gina Rodriguez told CNN . "  She is just promoting her new video . " Suleman revealed in April that she was so determined to build a future for her 14 young children that she would accept adult entertainment offers , although she would not touch another "  human 's flesh . " "  I would n't even kiss somebody for money , " Suleman told HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight " correspondent Nischelle Turner . "  I would not kiss somebody . I would n't touch somebody . " Suleman , 36 , will perform two shows a night for four days at T 's Lounge in West Palm Beach , starting July 11 , Rodriguez said . "  She will appear topless at some point during her show . " Nadya Suleman : I was paid $ 8,000 for topless shot How much Suleman -- known in tabloids as "  Octomom " -- would be paid will stay secret , Rodriguez said . The Orange County , California , home she bought after she gave birth to octuplets three years ago was recently placed in foreclosure , but the auction to sell it last month was postponed . Suleman , who collects food stamps to feed her 14 young children , filed for bankruptcy last month , but the case was tossed out of court because of paperwork issues . The adult video Suleman recorded last month is set for release in June , Rodriguez said . Suleman dreams of building a business "  empire " that will pay for food , shelter and college educations for her 14 children , she told Turner . She ultimately hopes to become a role model for other women facing major struggles , she said . "  In the future , and I 've got to win the battle , " she said . "  But right now , people do n't understand that . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	"  She is just promoting her new video , " Nadya Suleman 's representative says "  She will appear topless at some point during her show , " the representative says Suleman will dance two shows a night for four nights at a Florida strip club in July The adult video she recorded in May is set for release in June
The United States is now using drones and manned surveillance aircraft over Nigeria in the search for the hundreds of schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram . But signs of them are yet to emerge , and the task is complicated by the possibility that the girls have been separated into groups . The United States , which is supporting the Nigerian government 's efforts , will continue to deepen its efforts , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Wednesday while traveling to Saudi Arabia . However , "  I have seen no intelligence come back that I am aware of that shows that we 've located those girls , " he said . The assets provide some of the best tools to try to find the girls , but the Nigerian government has shown some reluctance to use U.S. help . For now , the United States is not sharing raw intelligence from its surveillance aircraft with Nigeria 's armed forces because the countries have still not established the intelligence-sharing protocols and safeguards needed for an intelligence-sharing agreement , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said . That said , the intelligence gathered through the surveillance flights is being fed to an interdisciplinary team on the ground , and that team is analyzing it and providing advice to the Nigerian government , he said . Warren added that the manned and unmanned aircraft being used are unarmed . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called the kidnapping of hundreds of girls an "  unconscionable crime , " vowing to do "  everything possible to support the Nigerian government to return these young women to their homes and to hold the perpetrators to justice . "  I will tell you , my friends , I have seen this scourge of terror across the planet , and so have you . They do n't offer anything except violence , " he said in a statement . "  They just tell people , ` You have to behave the way we tell you to , ' and they will punish you if you do n't . " Pressure to find the girls Wednesday marked one month since the 276 girls were abducted from Chibok by Boko Haram . A worldwide campaign to "  bring back our girls " has spread awareness of the incident , and as the days go by , the pressure to find them increases . At least four Nigerian soldiers died in an ambush Wednesday as they were returning from patrol duties in Chibok , the Nigerian military said . U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , is among those who support American military intervention to find the girls , if needed . "  You know , it 's interesting to me that when a ship is hijacked and taken into custody by these pirates , we have ... no reservations about going in and trying to take that ship back and the crew that 's being held , " he said . "  We have no compunctions about that . " When it comes to the hundreds of girls who were kidnapped , the response has dragged , he said . A U.S. military operation "  could be done in a way that is very efficient , but for us not to do that , in my opinion , would be an abrogation of our responsibilities , " McCain said . Two senior administration officials told CNN that it is premature to talk about a special operations incursion into Nigeria because the girls have not been found yet . The U.S. military is there to advise and assist , but not to actively participate , the sources said . If the girls are found , it would be up to the Nigerians to devise a plan and execute it with U.S. assistance , the sources said . And that raises other complications . The Nigerian military is capable of carrying out a rescue operation , but there are concerns because it has been heavy-handed in the past and killed many civilians , the sources said . As it currently stands , U.S. law prohibits the U.S. military from working with Nigerian military units that have been accused of abuses , a senior State Department official said . "  We 've been very clear about our concerns about the Nigerian reports of and evidence of abuses by the Nigerian military , " the official said . Even with all of these complications , the U.S. is committed to doing everything it can to find the girls , the official said . Separately , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan is not considering swapping Boko Haram prisoners for the kidnapped girls , according to media reports , which cited Mark Simmonds , Britain 's Africa minister , who met with the President . The director of Nigeria 's National Orientation Agency , a government information ministry , had previously said negotiations could be an option .	At least four Nigerian soldiers are killed in an ambush Kidnapping of schoolgirls an "  unconscionable crime , " says Kerry The United States is using drones and manned surveillance aircraft in Nigeria Concerns about intelligence sharing and civilian deaths complicate the situation
Washington  CNN  -- On March 25 , 1863 , in the heat of the U.S. Civil War , Pvt. Jacob Parrott and six other Union soldiers received the Medal of Honor for going 200 miles behind enemy lines to hijack a Confederate train . He became the first U.S. service member to receive the medal . Parrott survived the Civil War and , according to several websites , went on to become a cabinetmaker . Fast-forward to September 17 , 2009 , when Sgt. First Class Jared Monti was awarded the Medal of Honor for heroics in Afghanistan . President Obama handed the medal to Monti 's parents , because Monti died earning his medal . Of the 3,466 Medals of Honor awarded since Parrott received his , only 619 have been awarded posthumously , according to the U.S. Army . But in the past four decades , posthumous Medal of Honor ceremonies have become the rule rather than the exception . For all the military actions since the end of the Vietnam War , only eight Medals of Honor have been awarded : two for the "  Black Hawk Down " incident in Somalia , four for Operation Iraqi Freedom and two for the war in Afghanistan , the longest war in U.S. history . None was given for Operation Desert Storm in Iraq , the fighting in the Balkans , Panama , Grenada or the Marine barracks bombing in Lebanon . All eight of those medals were awarded posthumously . It 's something the Pentagon wanted to change , and Friday , the White House said Obama called Staff Sgt. Sal Giunta to tell him he will soon receive the familiar gold star medal on a light blue ribbon . Giunta is being recognized for risking his life to save a fellow soldier who had been captured by the Taliban . Giunta survived battle and is alive and well to attend the White House ceremony to receive the medal . Last year , Defense Secretary Robert Gates was asked about the lack of a living Medal of Honor recipient . "  This has been a source of real concern to me , " Gates said at the time . On Friday , Geoff Morrell , the secretary 's spokesman , said Gates was "  delighted that someone who survived his act of heroism will be honored . " Gates probably will call Giunta next week to congratulate him . Perhaps the reason there are so few living Medal of Honor recipients is that there have been so few recipients at all . Compare the eight Medals of Honor that have been awarded for heroism in the last 40 years with World War II , when the battle of Iwo Jima produced 27 such medals and 15 men were honored for heroism during the attack on Pearl Harbor . Last year , Marine Corps Commandant James Conway explained one reason why the medal has become more rare . "  The rules have n't changed ; the rules and the requirements are still the same , " he said . "  I think it has something to do with the level of intensity of the conflict , " Conway said . "  If you go back and look at some of the fights that took place in Vietnam , Korea , World War II , there were massive numbers of troops involved in massive engagements over a period of days . That 's not the type of conflict that we are seeing in a type of counterinsurgency in Iraq and Afghanistan . " "  So I think that 's perhaps the single most determining factor here as you look at awarding or not awarding a medal , " Conway said . It is also important to note that when the Medal of Honor was authorized by Congress  which is why it 's often called the Congressional Medal of Honor , because the president presents it on behalf of Congress  , it was only one of two medals a soldier could earn . The other was the Purple Heart , which goes to soldiers wounded or killed in combat . Since then , the Silver Star , the Distinguished Services Crosses , the Bronze Star and numerous other awards have been created . So a service member 's heroism may well be recognized with a medal , just not the Medal of Honor . In some ways , no one wants to see any more Medals of Honor awarded . "  You do n't want your soldiers to be put in that situation to where any of them have to rise to the occasion , " Brian Thacker , an Army veteran who earned the Medal of Honor in Vietnam , told CNN last year . Conway echoed that sentiment . "  Any time a soldier or a Marine wins the medal , then his unit is in extremis , and he 's doing very heroic things ... to make that situation better . I do n't want to wish that on anybody . " But if there are heroes , all agree they should be recognized , and now one hero will be there to hear the applause and shake the president 's hand . One day before the White House announced the award for Giunta , the administration said it will also award the Medal of Honor to Staff Sgt. Robert J. Miller , who saved the lives of his fellow soldiers and 15 Afghan National Army troops . Miller 's award will be given to his parents . Miller died saving those lives .	U.S. Army says of 3,467 Medals of Honor awarded , only 619 were awarded posthumously Recently , more of the medals granted posthumously ; Pentagon wanted that changed Soon , staff sergeant who survived his act of heroism will receive the medal Narrower recent conflicts , addition of other medals may have cut Medal of Honor awards
CNN  If Usain Bolt ever takes up figure skating , he will know how Kauto Star feels . The 14-year-old racehorse , one of the greatest steeplechasers of all time and a two-time Cheltenham Gold Cup winner , made his dressage debut at London 's Olympia Horse Show on Tuesday . Dressage , which involves horse and rider working together to produce a complex "  dance " routine marked by judges , is how Kauto Star has been spending retirement since his last National Hunt race in 2012 . Laura Collett , a leading British event rider , has been helping the horse to learn the intricacies of a sport that rewards precision and poise above power and pace . "  He 's changed shape a lot since we got him , " Collett told Horse and Hound magazine in the build-up to Kauto Star 's demonstration dressage test at Olympia . "  He had n't done any flat work at all . But he 's got a brilliant temperament and he 's very willing . He got the hang of it very easily . "  He needed to soften his whole body -- he was just used to going in a straight line . So he 's done a lot of gymnastic exercises and things to supple him up . "  He tries really hard . When you 've taught him something once , he remembers it . The hardest thing for him was the canter -- he only really knew about going fast . " Having spent a career streaking past thousands of spectators lining a racecourse , Kauto Star appeared a little unprepared for an indoor arena crowd as he took his first , dainty dressage steps at Olympia . "  It 's the crowds being up high and so close , it 's quite intimidating , " Collett told the BBC afterwards . "  He did n't show himself off to the best of his ability -- he got a bit of stage fright and shut down . "  Most horses who come into an arena like this have been doing it for eight or 10 years , and build up gradually . He 's been thrown in at the deep end . " Kauto Star is not in contention for Rio 2016 . Britain has one of the world 's leading dressage teams and no matter his racing pedigree , there simply is n't the time to bring him up to the required standard . Instead , dressage is seen as a way to offer the horse an interesting retirement -- although that was n't met with universal approval when the decision was made , two years ago . Owner Clive Smith sent Kauto Star to Collett 's Wiltshire yard in December 2012 , against the wishes of the horse 's longtime trainer , Paul Nicholls . The dispute over the horse 's future brought to an end a partnership responsible for almost a dozen major victories on the racecourse , a career bettered only by 1960s legends Arkle and Flyingbolt . Now , by contrast , Collett says there is "  no pressure " on Kauto Star to perform to any standard in his new sport . "  The main thing is the horse is happy and relaxed , " she said this week , "  and he has a varied lifestyle . "	Steeplechasing great Kauto Star shows off some moves in his new sport , dressage Two-time Cheltenham Gold Cup winner has been learning dressage since late 2012 Dressage debut comes in a demonstration at the Olympia Horse Show in London No plans for Kauto Star to add an Olympics appearance to his many racing honours
CNN  -- Backed into a corner and desperate ; That 's the view of some economists watching the European Central Bank 's latest attempts to curtail the euro bloc 's recession . Thursday 's interest rate cut , designed to combat a three-year debt crisis , will not stimulate economic growth in the bloc , they say . Less than a year after the ECB President Mario Draghi buoyed the markets with his promise to do "  whatever it takes " to keep the currency together , the central bank 's governors move has left some economists questioning whether the ECB has reached the limits of its power . Speaking in Bratislava , Slovakia , ECB President Mario Draghi said the central bank is "  ready to act if needed . " But the Italian shied away from announcing any extraordinary policy measures such as another "  big bazooka " to increase bank liquidity or the unlimited purchases of government debt -- known as OMTs -- for troubled eurozone nations that sparked controversy in September . Read more : The eurozone 's reluctant leader Joerg Rocholl , president of the European School of Management and Technology , told CNN that the rate cut is "  a desperate move , " and means the ECB can avoid criticism that it is "  overstretching its mandate . " Despite the ECB 's commitment to bankroll ailing eurozone nations who request a full sovereign bailout by buying up government bonds , it has so far resisted the temptation to implement aggressive monetary stimulus . That intransigence puts it at odds with many of its peers around the world . The Bank of Japan , the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England have all embarked on a process of quantitative easing -- increasing the supply of money in the economy -- while also introducing other policies such as an unemployment benchmark and a funding for lending scheme , intended to encourage banks to loan to small businesses . Read more : Will ` Abenomics ' lift Japan from recession ? Mujtaba Rahman , head of research firm Eurasia Group 's Europe practice , said Draghi "  exhausted " his political capital when he introduced the OMT program in September . Italian and Spanish bonds , which had been been weighed down by market uncertainty , rebounded . Rahman added the ECB may be reluctant to announce new support measures because it breeds inertia among politicians looking to push through changes , such as a banking union , needed to bring Europe closer together . He said : "  The wind has gone out of the sails on banking union . Once you announce intervention , you remove the incentive for countries to put the necessary structures in place . " He told CNN that "  shovelling money " to small businesses in peripheral Europe is the most likely next step for the ECB , but says the German elections and legality of the ECB 's current bond-purchasing program are obstacles to any extraordinary policy announcements in future . With the worst hit countries in Europe in a depression and unemployment rising , the ECB could be forced to take more action , in addition to the current measures , to prevent the crisis worsening . Greece and Spain are both suffering with unemployment above 27 % while Italy is drowning in a government debt of almost 2 trillion euros  $ 2.6 trillion  , according to Eurostat -- the European Commission 's data service . Read more : May Day protesters flood streets of Europe Joerg Kraemer , chief economist at Commerzbank -- Germany 's second-largest bank -- would expect the ECB to cut the deposit rate to negative territory before putting in place any other non-standard measures such as a loan scheme for small businesses . He said that the central bank is "  in a corner " and has already exceeded its mandate significantly . Peripheral countries must stop expecting the ECB to come up with solutions to problems that should be solved by governments , he added . "  We are already seeing drastic action , " Kraemer told CNN , "  the ECB has a very expansionary monetary policy , which I personally think , is too expansionary . " He added : "  This immediately puts the reform pressure off the peripheral countries and especially Italy . Without far reaching reforms you do n't solve the reasons and the causes for the sovereign debt crisis . "	Speaking in Bratislava , Slovakia , ECB President Mario Draghi said the central bank is "  ready to act if needed . " Rahman said ECB may be reluctant to announce new support measures because it breeds political inertia Greece , Spain are both suffering with unemployment above 27 % while Italy struggling with high government debt
The anti-apartheid message was serious and heartfelt , but the song that alerted many around the world to the injustices of the South African regime could not have been more upbeat . "  Free Nelson Mandela " by The Special AKA was a Top 10 hit in the United Kingdom in 1984 , and it instantly became the unofficial anthem and slogan for the international anti-apartheid movement . The song 's eponymous subject rose to prominence in the 1950s as a radical young member of the African National Congress , the main opposition movement to the segregationist South African government . As an advocate of guerrilla attacks , Mandela was frequently arrested and eventually convicted in 1964 , along with other ANC leaders , for sabotage . He received a life prison sentence , and spent 27 years in a cell , mostly on Robben Island , off the South African coast . While Mandela languished in jail , an anti-apartheid movement slowly developed in the West , starting with sporting sanctions against South Africa and later an artists ' boycott of performances in the country . The writer of "  Free Nelson Mandela , " Jerry Dammers -- the founder of the multiracial English ska-punk band The Specials , later renamed The Special AKA -- admits he knew little about Mandela before he attended an anti-apartheid concert in London in 1983 . That concert gave him the idea for the song . "  I 'd never actually heard of Nelson Mandela , although I knew a lot about the anti-apartheid movement and he was becoming a figurehead for the whole movement , " Dammers told CNN . The keyboardist , who also wrote "  Ghost Town , " the seminal Specials song against the policies of Great Britain 's prime minister at the time , Margaret Thatcher , may not have known much about the imprisoned anti-apartheid figurehead , but his lyrics brought Mandela 's struggle to the attention of a wider audience . The song 's relentlessly upbeat feel certainly helped push it up the charts . "  It ends with the thing of ` I 'm begging you ' and then ` I 'm telling you , ' " Dammers said . "  It is a demand but in a positive way , it brought some sort of hope that the situation could be sorted out . " Some of the lyrics : Free Nelson Mandela 21 years in captivity Shoes too small to fit his feet His body abused but his mind is still free Are you so blind that you can not see ? I said ... Free Nelson Mandela , I 'm begging you Free Nelson Mandela Veteran DJ and broadcaster Paul Gambaccini said the song was effective in educating people about Mandela , whose reputation was low in the West at the time . "  Now we have this sainted vision of Mandela , but at the time Thatcher treated him as a terrorist . So to release a record about someone whom your PM considers a terrorist is quite brave . " The song helped to change perceptions about Mandela , according to Gambaccini , a presenter on leading UK station BBC Radio 2 . "  It did educate people about apartheid an incredible amount , because they certainly were n't going to learn about Mandela from conventional sources . The word on him from on high was very bad , so it was up to musicians to take a leading role in rehabilitating his reputation . " "  Free Nelson Mandela " was also an extremely effective protest song , he added , a view echoed in 2010 by left-leaning current affairs magazine New Statesman , which included it in a list of the top 20 political anthems of all time . " ` Free Nelson Mandela ' was effective for two reasons , " Gambaccini said . "  It 's a good pop record in that it 's catchy and sounds good . And you immediately know what it 's about , because the first three words are ` Free Nelson Mandela . ' And secondly , it had a clear message that the audience agreed with . " And the fact that The Specials were at the time a "  Top 10 band " meant the audience took note . "  If the Specials say it , there must be something to it , " as Gambaccini noted . Four years later , in 1988 , Dammers and the band Simple Minds helped organize the Nelson Mandela 70th birthday concert at London 's Wembley Stadium , featuring acts such as Dire Straits , George Michael and Sting . Peter Gabriel played "  Biko " about another anti-apartheid activist , while Steven Van Zandt performed his influential song "  Sun City . " The event was watched by a global television audience of 600 million and is credited with hardening popular opposition internationally to the apartheid regime . Gambaccini is proud of his contribution to the event , for which he was one of the TV presenters . "  The concert was an incredible success , " he said . "  It had the biggest TV audience to date , and put Mandela in Topic A position around the world . But it might never have happened without the song ` Free Nelson Mandela , ' because this inspired some of the artists who appeared at Wembley to be there . " As the impact of the concert rippled around the world , the South African government was secretly holding talks with Mandela . These meetings culminated in his release on February 11 , 1990 . Four years later , he succeeded F.W. de Klerk to become the republic 's first black president . Mandela never forgot the debt he owed to supporters in the United Kingdom . In 1996 he used a speech to both Houses of Parliament in London to give his thanks : "  We take this opportunity once more to pay tribute to the millions of Britons who , through the years , stood up to say : No to apartheid ! " In 2008 , singer Amy Winehouse joined Dammers for the finale to a concert in London 's Hyde Park marking Mandela 's 90th birthday . The song 's message had long since been realized -- and indeed the by-then-frail elder statesman appeared onstage -- but it was received as warmly as ever .	"  Free Nelson Mandela , " by The Special AKA raised awareness of the jailed ANC figurehead Songwriter Jerry Dammers said it had a message that situation could be resolved It was performed at 1988 concert in London that increased pressure on South Africa
CNN  -- Hundreds of inmates using pipes and shanks as weapons trashed a California prison , burning a courtyard , ripping beds to shreds and tearing bathroom sinks from walls , a new video of the weekend riot 's aftermath shows . A dormitory is trashed after a riot at the California Institution for men , in Chino . Video shot by CNN affiliate KABC-TV gave the first glimpse of the damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino from a riot that authorities said was ignited by racial tensions . "  This certainly is probably the worst that we 've seen , especially adding the extensive damage to the unit that has been burned , " prison spokesman Lt. Mark Hargrove told reporters outside the prison Tuesday . "  That has never happened at this facility before . " The riot erupted Saturday night and raged until Sunday morning , injuring 250 inmates . Fifty-five inmates were taken to hospitals with serious injuries , including stab wounds and head trauma . Watch the aftermath of the violence " "  The prison is still under a state of emergency , " George Kostyrko , a spokesman for the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation told CNN , which means no visitors were allowed and the prison could not take any new inmates . Corrections officials said they transferred about 1,150 inmates to other facilities . "  The ones that are there are likely in a lockdown mode until an investigation can determine whether or not they were directly responsible for the riot , " Kostyrko said . The decision to lock down the Chino prison and nine others in southern California was still in effect Tuesday . "  The lockdowns will remain in effect until all the staff that we deployed to Chino from other areas go back home , " Kostyrko said . The measure was taken to prevent copy-cat violence . Though other races were involved , the altercations at Chino mostly involved Hispanics and African-Americans , Kostyrko said . About 80 officers responded to the scene , but none of the staff was injured . A housing unit was heavily damaged by fire . Prisoners broke windows and pulled down pipes to use as weapons , Kostyrko said . The facility has seven units , each of which houses about 200 inmates . In one of the torched dormitories , burned red prison uniforms were strewn everywhere , the floor was covered with ankle-high ashes , windows were shattered and there was a large hole in the roof . In the mounds of trash that littered the floor of the dorm , a rusty foot-long pipe could be seen . Most of the residential areas were badly damaged and some inmates were being temporarily housed in tents , the spokesman said . Chino is about 35 miles east of Los Angeles .	Video gives glimpse of damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino Authorities say riot was sparked by racial tensions Chino prison and nine others in southern California remain in lockdown
A mirror that Michael Jackson looked into as he dressed in his final months and onto which he scribbled a message to himself sold for $ 18,750 at auction in Beverly Hills this weekend . Julien 's Auctions sold 524 items that furnished the 100 North Carolwood mansion in Los Angeles ' Holmby Hills neighborhood , significant because it was where Jackson and his three children lived in the months before his death . Jackson did not own the furnishings . Some items brought higher prices because of their infamy in crime scene photos shown in this year 's trial of Jackson 's doctor , Conrad Murray , but others were valuable because Jackson and his family left their mark on them . A chalkboard may have cost a few hundred dollars , but it sold for $ 5,000 because of what his children wrote on it . The note , handwritten on the black board attached to a 26-inch-tall ceramic rooster , reads "  love Daddy / I  heart  Daddy / Smile it 's for free . " It sat in the kitchen where Jackson would eat lunch each day with Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson . It was not known which child wrote the chalk note , but Julien 's Executive Director Martin Nolan said his research suggested it was from Paris , who was 11 when her father died . The mirror with a message is on a Victorian-revival-style armoire from Jackson 's master bedroom , presumably where Jackson looked each day as he dressed . He used a wax pencil to remind himself : "  Train , perfection March April Full out May . " The note is significant , considering that Jackson was battling the calendar as he prepared for his "  This Is It " concerts set to premiere in London in July 2009 . Dr. Murray 's defense lawyers argued during the trial that the intense pressure on Jackson to rehearse for the 50 shows put him in a desperate fight for sleep , which led to Murray administering the surgical anesthetic propofol nearly every night in the last two months of his life . Murray was sentenced last month to four years in the Los Angeles County jail for involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 death . Other items were macabre , not inspirational . A small table that sat next to the bed where Jackson spent his last living hours in a desperate search for sleep sold for $ 5,000 . The "  French occasional table " was listed for between $ 300 and $ 500 . It was a centerpiece of several key crime scene photos at Murray 's trial , because several bottles of sedatives were found on it . The oriental rug on which paramedics tried to revive Jackson sold for $ 15,360 , although the auction catalog placed its value at between $ 400 and $ 600 . It , also , is prominent on photos shown at the trial . Julien 's backed away from selling the bed in which Jackson received the fatal dose of the propofol after a personal request from his mother , Katherine Jackson , Nolan said . The auction house 's re-creation of the bedroom where Jackson died -- euphemistically called "  the medicine room " by the company -- features a bed-sized memorial covered with love notes from Jackson fans instead of the death bed . The most expensive items sold were a $ 35,200 watercolor painting of floral still life by Maurice Utrillo and a $ 46,875 oil painting of fishing village by Adelsteen Normann . Jackson 's relationship with Julien 's turned sour in the last months of his life when he filed a lawsuit to stop the sale of furnishings from his Neverland ranch . The singer sued the auction company , claiming he did not authorize the sale of items that were removed from Neverland after he sold the ranch . The suit was settled in April 2009 when Julien 's canceled the auction and later returned the items to Jackson .	A chalkboard with a message of love from Jackson 's children sells for $ 5,000 The rug on which paramedics tried to revive Jackson sells for $ 15,360 Jackson did n't own the furnishings , but his use of them should raise prices Auction is selling 524 items from rented mansion where pop icon died in 2009
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  Eugene de Kock was the most notorious assassin of South Africa 's apartheid era , commanding a death squad that kidnapped , tortured and killed black activists . His nickname : Prime Evil . After apartheid fell , he was put on trial and sentenced in 1996 to two life sentences plus 212 years in prison . But de Kock showed remorse , meeting with victims ' families , some of whom publicly forgave him , and helping the Missing Persons Task Force locate bodies , a fact noted by South African Justice and Correctional Services Minister Michael Masutha . "  In the interests of nation building and reconciliation , " Masutha said Friday , he was granting parole to de Kock . De Kock was a police officer who ran the C10 counterinsurgency unit , designed to battle the foes of apartheid , including members of the African National Congress . He operated from Vlakplaas , a farm outside Pretoria . When apartheid fell and the ANC gained control of the government , de Kock cooperated with the Truth and Reconciliation Commission , established in 1994 to achieve full disclosure of apartheid-era misdeeds . De Kock was convicted of murders , such as the deaths of five unarmed people in a van in 1992 , and many other crimes . He was sentenced in 1996 after an 18-month trial . South Africa does n't have the death penalty . In asking for a mitigated sentence , de Kock said the unit he commanded "  was established with the full knowledge and approval of senior government officials and police generals , " according to the ANC 's webpage . Masutha granted de Kock 's request that the date and conditions of his parole not be made public .	Eugene de Kock had been sentenced to two life sentences , plus 212 years Official granted parole , noting he cooperated with Truth and Reconciliation Commission
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iraq 's Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Sunday tried to allay Iranian fears over a planned U.S.-Iraq security pact , saying his government would not allow Iraq to become a launching pad for an attack on its neighbor . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , left , greets Iraq 's Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Sunday . "  Iraq today does n't present any threat as it used to be in the times of the former regime , " al-Maliki told Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad during a Sunday meeting between two leaders , according to a statement from the prime minister 's office . "  Today 's Iraq is a constitutional state based on the rule of law , and it seeks to develop its relations with the regional countries based on cooperation and mutual respect , " al-Maliki said . Earlier , Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA quoted the Iraqi leader as saying that "  Baghdad would not allow its soil to be used as a base to damage the security of the neighboring countries , including Iran . " His remarks come as the United States and Iraq are trying to reach a bilateral agreement on how long the U.S. military will remain in Iraq and what role it will play in Iraq 's security . But al-Maliki media adviser Ali Hadi said negotiations between Iraq and the United States are in their "  very early stages " and were not part of Sunday 's talks . Watch Ahmadinejad and al-Maliki sit down for talks " "  The treaty is purely an Iraqi-American treaty . The Iranians have nothing to do with it , " Hadi said . "  We will not discuss the progress or the key elements of agreements or disagreements with them because this is an Iraqi issue . " The proposed U.S.-Iraqi pact has triggered street protests in Iraq , where many suspect the deal could lead to the establishment of permanent American bases , a long-term presence of U.S. troops and a weakening of Iraqi government control over those troops . Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , whose militia was the target of a U.S.-backed Iraqi clampdown in Basra and Baghdad recently , has called for weekly protests against the agreement . Al-Maliki and Ahmadinejad met Sunday afternoon , with Ahmadinejad calling on Iraq 's neighbors and the United Nations to help restore security and stability to Iraq , IRNA reported . And al-Maliki thanked Ahmadinejad for his call for an end to longstanding U.N. sanctions against Iraq that date back to the 1991 Persian Gulf war . Iran has long called for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq , which the United States invaded in 2003 . Meanwhile , the United States has accused Iran of arming and training "  criminal " Shiite militias in Iraq and of seeking to develop nuclear weapons , allegations the Iranians deny . It is al-Maliki 's third visit to Iran since he became prime minister more than two years ago . The two countries , which are neighbors , both have Shiite Muslim majorities , and al-Maliki 's ruling coalition is dominated by Shiite religious parties long backed by Iran . Adnan Pachachi , a leading Sunni Arab member of Iraq 's parliament , told CNN he wanted al-Maliki to call on Iran to stop supporting armed factions in Iraq . "  I think this has to stop , " Pachachi told CNN . "  I hope that Mr. Maliki will make it absolutely clear that Iraqis of all parties , of all sectarian origins and ethnic origins , are strongly opposed to Iran 's attempt to interfere in Iraq 's affairs . " Pachachi , a former foreign minister , said al-Maliki 's predecessor , Ibrahim al-Jaafari , allowed Iraq 's security forces to be dominated by sectarian and ethnic militias , and that U.S. troops should remain until those influences are weeded out . "  In the long run , it is in the interest of the United States to have a secure Iraq and armed forces and security forces of Iraq with undivided loyalty and allegiance to the state and not influenced by sectarian affiliations or party loyalties , " he said .	Iraq 's prime minister in Iran trying to calm fears over any U.S.-Iraq security pact Nuri al-Maliki visiting Tehran , where he is meeting with top officials Al-Maliki says Iraq will not be used as a launching pad for U.S. attacks on Iran
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tears flowed from Dr. Conrad Murray 's eyes Wednesday as he listened to an elderly patient tell jurors that Murray had opened a clinic in the Acres Homes community of Houston in honor of his father , who had practiced there . After 17 days of hearing about how pop star Michael Jackson died under Murray 's care , jurors began hearing Wednesday from people who say the doctor saved lives . Ruby Mosley was one of five character witnesses called by Murray 's defense lawyers Wednesday morning as his involuntary manslaughter trial nears an end . "  If this man had been greedy , he never would have come to an area , a community of Acres Homes , 75 % of them poor , on welfare and Social Security , " Mosley said . Murray continued to dab tears from his eyes even after Mosley left the stand . "  He 's the best doctor I 've ever been to , " said Gerry Causey , a 68-year-old former patient of the man accused of causing Jackson 's death . "  And I just do n't think he did what he 's being accused of , " Causey added , under cross-examination by the prosecution . Much of the prosecution 's case has been spent trying to demonstrate that Murray gave reckless and incompetent medical treatment as Jackson 's personal doctor in the last months of his life . Causey met Murray 11 years ago when he was rushed to a Las Vegas hospital with a heart attack , but they became friends since then , he testified . "  It 's because of Dr. Murray , the way he cares for you , the way he makes you feel , " Causey said . Prosecutors contend that Murray abandoned his patients in Las Vegas and Houston for the $ 150,000 a month Jackson had promised him . "  There 's no way , he 's not greedy , " Causey said . "  He does n't charge me my deductable , never has . " Las Vegas heart patient Andrew Guest , who followed Causey on the witness stand Wednesday , said Murray "  makes sure you 're ok during the procedure . " "  That man sitting there is the best doctor I 've ever seen , " Guest testified . Murray treated Dennis Hix by putting 14 stints into arteries around his heart 11 years ago , Hix testified . "  I 'm 66 , I 've gone to a lot of doctors , a lot of doctors and I 've never had one that gave me the care that he did , " Hix said . Murray never charged Hix beyond what his insurance would pay , he said . "  I had a type of insurance that do n't hardly pay for nothing , " he said . "  So he did it for me free . " Two medical experts for the defense , including anesthesiologist Dr. Paul White , are expected to follow Thursday and possibly Friday . This would set the stage for closing arguments and jury deliberations early next week , although it 's possible that could come Friday . Jackson 's sisters Janet and La Toya , as well as his brother Randy , were in court for Wednesday 's testimony . The promoter of Jackson 's ill-fated "  This Is It " tour testified Tuesday that Jackson 's fear that producers would "  pull the plug " on the shows if the singer missed more rehearsals was unfounded . "  No one on our end was ever contemplating pulling the plug , " said Randy Phillips , the head of AEG Live . Murray 's lawyers contend Jackson self-administered the overdose of drugs that killed him in a "  desperate desire to get to sleep , " because he feared without rest he would miss his next rehearsal and trigger the cancellation of his comeback concerts . If the tour was canceled , Jackson would have to pay for all of the production and rehearsal costs , Phillips said , although the judge would not let him tell jurors how much that might have been . Defense lawyer Ed Chernoff estimated the cost to be about $ 40 million , leaving him "  a very , very poor man , " but it was not while the jury was present . Concert director Kenny Ortega sent Phillips an e-mail five days before Jackson 's death , referring to Jackson 's fear the company would cancel the tour . The e-mail triggered a meeting with Jackson and Murray to address Ortega 's concerns about Jackson 's "  lack of focus " and missed rehearsals , with the debut of his London shows just three weeks away . He and Ortega were satisfied when Jackson told them "  You build the house and I will put on the door and paint it , " suggesting he would be ready , Phillips testified . Also at the meeting , Phillips told Murray that he wanted to make sure Murray knew about Jackson 's visits to another doctor , dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein . "  Because he 's his principal physician , I thought he should know , " he said . Phillips said he was concerned because Jackson "  seemed a little distracted and not focused " in a meeting after a visit to Klein 's Beverly Hills clinic . The defense contends Jackson became addicted to the painkiller Demerol in his frequent visits to Klein in the three months before his death . His withdrawal from the Demerol , which Murray was unaware of , would explain why Jackson could not sleep the day he died , the defense contends . Earlier Tuesday , a nurse who tried to treat Jackson 's insomnia with natural remedies testified that Jackson told her that doctors assured him using the surgical anesthetic propofol at home to induce sleep was safe as long as he was monitored . Jackson died two months after that conversation with nurse Cherilyn Lee , from what the coroner ruled was an overdose of propofol , combined with sedatives . Prosecutors contend Murray 's use of propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia in his home was reckless , in part because he did not have proper equipment to monitor his patient and he abandoned him to make phone calls . Lee 's testimony was briefly delayed as she was overcome with emotion . "  I 'm feeling really , really dizzy , " Lee said . "  This is just very sensitive to me . " Lee used IV drips loaded with vitamins , "  sophisticated " vitamin smoothies and bedtime teas to treat Jackson 's insomnia , but Jackson became frustrated when her natural remedies failed to make him sleep , she said . "  He said ` I 'm telling you the only thing that 's going to help me sleep right away is the Diprivan and can you find someone to help me to sleep ? ' " Lee said . Diprivan is a brand name for propofol . After some quick research , the nurse warned Jackson that it was dangerous to use propofol at home , Lee testified . Jackson was not deterred , she said , even after she asked him "  but what if you do n't wake up ? " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren asked her , "  And he responded , ' I will be OK , I only need someone to monitor me with the equipment while I sleep ' ? " "  Yes , that 's exactly what he said , " Lee said . Murray had already agreed to serve as Jackson 's private physician and had ordered his first supplies of propofol for Jackson more than a week before Jackson asked Lee for help getting the drug .	NEW : Dr. Murray sheds tears as heart patient testifies Murray "  is the best doctor I 've ever seen , " a former heart patient says Character witnesses testify for Dr. Murray 's defense Wednesday The defense will call two medical experts before resting Thursday or Friday
The struggle between communism and capitalism defined the second half of the 20th Century . The Cold War pitted east against west , pushing the world to the brink of nuclear war . Now , as we approach the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , which brought the era to a close , CNN International is again airing its 24-part series , The Cold War , which first aired in 1998 . Giving unparalleled insight from those who lived and fought through the events that defined an era , The Cold War lets viewers see how the events of yesterday have shaped the world of today . The series was commissioned by CNN founder Ted Turner . Award-winning television director Jeremy Isaacs was the executive producer . The series was narrated by Academy Award nominated actor Sir Kenneth Branagh . The programs will air on CNN International every two weeks starting on January 4 . Here is a summary of the first 12 episodes . 1 "  Comrades " 1917 -- 1945  January 4 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and January 5 at 02:00 GMT The Russian Revolution of 1917 , followed by the Russian Civil War caused a rift between the Soviet Union and the United States . But when President Franklin Roosevelt took office in 1933 , diplomatic and trade relations between the two countries resumed . The relationship was strained yet again after the USSR annexed the Baltic States and signed a non-aggression pact with Nazi Germany . Despite their differences the Soviet Union and the United States found themselves allied after the German invasion of Russia in June 1941 . As the war in Europe began to wind down and victory was in sight , the two countries had very different views as to what the post-war world would look like . At the Potsdam Conference , just before the atom bomb was dropped on Japan , it became clear that Stalin wanted to put Eastern Europe under the Soviet sphere of influence , setting the conditions for the Cold War to commence . Episode 1 includes interviews from George F. Kennan , Zoya Zarubina , Hugh Lunghi and George Elsey . 2 "  Iron Curtain " 1945 -- 1947  January 18 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and January 19 at 02:00 GMT As wartime turned to peacetime , a resurgent United States enjoys economic prosperity while Europe is left to recover from the ravages of war . In the Soviet Union , Stalin has resumed his feared purges and the country is gripped by famine . Germany is forced to cede some of its eastern territory to Poland , and the Germans living in that area are expelled from their homes . Stalin begins to increase his hold on Eastern Europe , installing communist regimes , but decides to stay out of the Greek Civil War . The United Kingdom , exhausted from the war , sees its once-powerful empire go into decline . As food shortages begin to threaten the stability of Europe , a more assertive United States begins to challenge the USSR 's influence in both Turkey and Iran . Episode 2 includes interviews from Lord Annan , Sir Frank Roberts and Paul Nitze . 3 "  Marshall Plan " 1947 -- 1952  February 1 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and February 2 at 02:00 GMT For both selfless and selfish reasons , the United States institutes the Marshall Plan , giving massive amounts of aid to the war-ravaged countries of Europe . Suspicious of American intentions , Stalin prevents countries in the Soviet sphere from taking part in the plan . As a counter to the U.S. plan , Stalin established the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance . In Czechoslovakia , communists seize power in a 1948 coup . While Yugoslav leader Marshal Tito was originally allied with the Soviet Union , he decides to forge his own foreign policy path and accepts aid from the Marshall Plan . After the 1948 Italian elections , the CIA and Catholic Church conspire to push the communist party there from power . The Marshall Plan successfully modernizes Western Europe and strengthens its ties to the United States . Interviewees from episode 3 include Vladimir Yerofeyev , Gianni Agnelli and Giulio Andreotti . 4 . "  Berlin " 1948 -- 1949  February 15 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and February 16 at 02:00 GMT Opposed by the USSR , the United States emphasizes the need to rebuild the German economy . With the introduction of the Deutsche Mark , the Soviets react by tightening checkpoints leading into the French , British , and American sectors of Berlin , ultimately leading to a ground blockade of the city . To keep the city from starvation , the western allies begin the Berlin Airlift , ferrying in supplies by plane . German Communists in Berlin successfully take over the city 's municipal government , which causes both the city and country to be divided between east and west . Interviews in Episode 4 include Gail Halvorsen , Sir Freddie Laker and Clark Clifford . 5 . "  Korea " 1949 -- 1953  March 1 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and March 2 at 02:00 GMT Korea was split between the United States and the Soviet Union at the end of World War Two . The Soviets install Kim Il-sung as the leader of the north , while the Americans place Syngman Rhee at the head of the south . In 1950 , with the help of the Soviets , North Korea invades South Korea , pushing U.S. and South Korean forces to a city at the southern tip of the Korean peninsula , called Pusan . In response to the invasion , a United Nations force , led by the United States , regains the advantage , driving the communist forces towards the Chinese border . Feeling threatened , and at Stalin 's behest , Chinese leader Mao Zedong attacks . This leads to a stalemate in the center of Korea . After protracted negotiations , an armistice is signed . Communism in Korea is contained , but the country is left divided . Interviews in Episode 5 include Lucius D. Battle , Paik Sun Yup and John Glenn . 6 . "  Reds " 1948 -- 1953  March 15 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and March 16 at 02:00 GMT Fear of one another permeates the eastern and western leadership , trickling down to the citizenry . The House Committee on Un-American Activities in the United States begins investigating alleged communist infiltration in the entertainment industry and diplomatic corps . In the USSR , an increasing cult of personality is being built up around Stalin and a more repressive police state is taking hold . In response to Yugoslavia 's independent foreign policy , the Soviet Union pushes a series of purges in Prague as a warning to other satellite countries that may stray from Soviet policy . Fear and repression in the USSR hits its zenith right before Stalin 's sudden death in 1953 . Interviews in Episode 6 include Arthur Kinoy , Ralph de Toledano and Boris Pokrovsky . 7 . "  After Stalin " 1953 -- 1956  March 29 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and March 30 at 02:00 GMT After Stalin 's sudden death , Nikita Khrushchev takes over the Soviet Union , reversing some of Stalin 's oppressive policies . Khrushchev also reestablishes relations with Yugoslavia and in a secret speech given to the Soviet leadership he denounces Stalin 's harsh policies . Meanwhile , West Germany begins to rearm , leading the USSR to establish the Warsaw Pact in response . Trying to maintain Soviet influence in Eastern Europe , Khrushchev sends troops into East Germany , Poland , and Hungary to put down revolts . Interviews in Episode 7 include Anatoly Dobrynin , Charles Wheeler and Sergei Khrushchev . 8 . "  Sputnik " 1949 -- 1961  April 5 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and April 6 at 02:00 GMT Unbeknown to the United States , the Soviets had spied on the U.S. development of the atom bomb , and quickly created their own after the Second World War . This sparked a nuclear arms race between the two superpowers . With the successful Soviet launch of Sputnik , America responds by increasing its development of nuclear armed missiles . A fear takes hold in the United States that the nation is falling behind the Soviets in terms of technology . John F. Kennedy is elected President of the United States in 1960 , as the Soviets seem to have a commanding head start in the space race . Interviews in Episode 8 include Joseph Rotblat , Boris Chertok , Andrew Goodpaster , Herbert York and Gherman Titov . 9 . "  The Wall " 1958 -- 1963  April 19 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and April 20 at 02:00 GMT As West Germany and West Berlin become more affluent , East Germans begin to flee their country for their more prosperous neighbor . Khrushchev demands that the British , French , and Americans leave West Berlin , but they decline and the opportunity for a peaceful resolution is dashed when the Soviets walk out on the Paris Summit of 1960 because of the U-2 incident . On the night of August 12 , 1962 , East German security forces begin to build the Berlin Wall . In response , a tense standoff between U.S. and Soviet forces ensues . In 1963 , President Kennedy delivers his famous "  I am a Berliner " speech . Interviews in Episode 9 include Anatoly Gribkov , Valentin Falin , Stefan Heym , Egon Bahr , Raymond L. Garthoff and Conrad Schumann . 10 . "  Cuba " 1959 -- 1962  May 3 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and May 4 at 02:00 GMT Fidel Castro seizes power as a result of the Cuban Revolution and becomes an ally of the Soviet Union . He begins to nationalize American assets in Cuba , which leads to the United States introducing an economic boycott of the island nation . The United States sponsors a failed counter revolution on the island with the Bay of Pigs Invasion . The Soviet Union begins to move medium range nuclear missiles into Cuba which sparks the Cuban Missile Crisis . The crisis leads to a U.S. blockade of Cuba , and a near war with the Soviet Union . The crisis ends after secret negotiations between the United States and USSR lead to a deal to remove American missiles from Turkey and Soviet missiles from Cuba . Interviews in Episode 10 include Fidel Castro , Walter Cronkite , Pierre Salinger and Theodore Sorensen . 11 . "  Vietnam " 1954 -- 1968  May 17 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and May 18 at 02:00 GMT Vietnam 's former colonial ruler , France , was forced out of the country after losing the Battle of Dien Bien Phu . Refugees began to flood into South Vietnam from the north , after communists there began a strict land reform program . The Viet Cong , with Soviet help , tries to reunify the country through force . America , supporting South Vietnam , becomes more involved after the Gulf of Tonkin incident . As American casualties continue to grow , so does the unpopularity of a war that seems unlikely to be won . After the Tet Offensive , President Lyndon Johnson 's clout is severely damaged . A policy of bombing North Vietnam , while also seeking to negotiate a peace , does not work . Interviews for Episode 11 include Robert Macnamara , William Westmoreland , Nguyen Vo Giap , Bui Diem , Jack Valenti and Clark Clifford . 12 . "  MAD " 1960 -- 1972  May 31 at 11:00 and 20:00 GMT and June 1 at 02:00 GMT America 's policy of targeting Soviet military bases as a deterrent to war is shown to be ineffective during the Cuban Missile Crisis . A new deterrent policy is thought up by U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara , called MAD , or Mutually Assured Destruction . Both Americans and Soviets begin testing and building more nuclear weapons , including submarines that are able to strike should one side destroy the other . Adopting a defensive strategy , the Soviets create an anti-ballistic missile . The United States develops multiple independent warheads to counter this . The danger of the arms race is shown in the Palomares incident . Yet there is some hope of de-escalation after both sides sign the SALT Treaty . Interviews in Episode 12 include Russell E. Dougherty , William Kaufmann and Harold Brown .	CNN International is again airing its 24-part series , The Cold War , which first aired in 1998 The Cold War shows how the events of yesterday have shaped the world of today Series was narrated by Academy Award nominated actor Sir Kenneth Branagh
CNN  -- Whoever killed six people in a Memphis , Tennessee , home may still be on the loose , police said Tuesday . They asked the community for help in solving the slayings . Police and fire units responded Monday after six people were killed in Memphis , Tennessee . Police found six people -- two men , two women and two boys -- dead in a home in a north Memphis neighborhood Monday , said Memphis police Lt. Joe Scott . Three other children who were wounded in the home were taken to a hospital . Scott did not release the names of the victims . He said there was no sign of forced entry into the home , and evidence at the scene indicated that the killer or killers left the house . Detectives were trying to determine the day of the killings , which could have occurred as early as Saturday , Scott said . He said police had not developed a suspect and need people to come forward with information . "  We need the community 's help , " he said . "  These were children that were brutally killed . We know that there are people out there that heard things , saw something . This is a stain on our community . We really need the community 's help to solve this . " The four dead adults were shot and the two dead children were stabbed , sources told CNN affiliate WMC-TV . The wounded children -- a 7-year-old boy , a 10-month-old girl and a 4-year-old whose gender was n't immediately known -- were transported to Le Bonheur Children 's Medical Center . They were treated for gunshot wounds , said hospital spokeswoman Jennilyn Utkov , who said she did not have any additional information about their conditions . At least one of the wounded children also was stabbed , police told the Commercial Appeal newspaper . The newspaper reported Tuesday that two of them were in very critical condition and one was in serious condition . A neighbor told CNN Tuesday that he heard gunshots coming from the house Saturday night . "  I heard about six or seven shots , " said Wayne Bolden , a landscaper who said he lives across the street from the home where the killings occurred . "  I did not call the police because you always hear shooting in this neighborhood . Now I wish I would have called . " He said he did not see any movement at the home the next day . The two cars , a van and a passenger car , never moved . Monday , he saw many police cars at the home and heard about the killings , he said . Bolden said a family that included a man , a woman and five or six children moved into the home about five months ago . "  I did not know him by name , " Bolden said of the man . "  But the kids were always out playing , and he would barbecue outside on his front porch . " A prayer service was held for the victims Tuesday morning at the family 's nearby church , said Keith Norman , senior pastor at First Baptist Church . He said he had been asked by the police to counsel the family members of the victims . Another prayer service was scheduled for 6 p.m. , he said , and some of the victims ' family members are expected to attend . "  There are multiple families affected by this , " said Norman , who said he did not want to speak about what led to the killings . "  We are just praying for the family members and trying to help them get through this . " Police do not know what was behind the violence , the Commercial Appeal newspaper reported . "  We just do n't know the motive or cause of death , but we do have four adults and two children -LSB- dead -RSB- , " Memphis police Lt. Jerry Guin told the paper . Rob Robinson told the Commercial Appeal that he was the landlord for the brick , single-family house that rented for $ 550 per month . "  They were very nice , very polite to me , " Robinson told the paper of the residents . "  It 's kind of surprising , actually . I 've never had any trouble with them , no damage to the property . They paid their rent and even helped with repairs and stuff . " Neighbor Leo Baker told WMC-TV he has lived nearby for 10 years but did not know the residents of the home . "  It 's sad you come home to find out something like this has gone on , " Baker said . "  It 's kind of sad , and scary too . " Video footage showed emergency vehicles on the scene , with people embracing in rainy weather outside police tape surrounding the home . "  I 've been on a scene where there were one or two or three -LSB- victims -RSB- , but I do n't remember anything this large , " Guin told the Commercial Appeal . The newspaper reported that the shooting appeared to be the city 's deadliest mass killing since 1973 , when 28-year-old David Sanders randomly shot and killed five people before being shot dead by police . In 2000 , police said firefighter Frederick Williams confessed to a shooting in Memphis in which four people were killed -- his wife , a sheriff 's deputy and two fellow firefighters . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Police believe killer or killers left the Memphis house where 6 people slain Neighbor says he heard shots Saturday night , did n't call police Police : Four adults , two kids killed ; 3 other children wounded 7-year-old , 4-year-old , and 10-month-old hospitalized
CNN  -- A South Carolina sheriff 's office is investigating whether Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps smoked marijuana on the University of South Carolina campus . Michael Phelps is facing a criminal investigation into whether he smoked marijuana on a college campus . Authorities will file criminal charges if the investigation determines that they are warranted , a spokesman said Tuesday . "  If someone breaks the law in Richland County , we have an obligation as law enforcement to investigate and to bring charges , " Sheriff Leon Lott said in a statement . "  The Richland County Sheriff 's Department is making an effort to determine if Mr. Phelps broke the law . If he did , he will be charged in the same manner as anyone else . The sheriff has a responsibility to be fair , to enforce the law and to not turn a blind eye because someone is a celebrity . " Phelps admitted "  regrettable behavior " on Sunday after a British newspaper published a photograph of him smoking through a bong . The tabloid News of the World showed Phelps using the bong during what it said was a November party at the University of South Carolina , in Richland County . Both university police and Columbia , South Carolina , police have said they would not pursue charges , according to The State newspaper in Columbia . It was unclear where the party took place , the paper said , or whether it was on the USC campus . "  I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment , " said Phelps , who won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , in a statement Sunday . See the photo on the cover of Star magazine " "  I 'm 23 years old , and despite the successes I have had in the pool , I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way , not in a manner that people have come to expect from me , " he said . "  For this , I am sorry . I promise my fans and the public -- it will not happen again . " The U.S. Olympic Committee also issued a statement that said in part , "  Michael has acknowledged that he made a mistake and apologized for his actions . We are confident that , going forward , Michael will consistently set the kind of example we all expect from a great Olympic champion . " In 2004 , Phelps was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury , Maryland . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation . He also issued an apology after that incident . Phelps is one of 12 Olympic athletes who have signed on to "  My Victory , " an initiative launched last year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency aimed at keeping competitive sports clean .	Charges will be filed if warranted , sheriff 's spokesman says Tabloid published photo it says was taken at University of South Carolina Photo shows Phelps with a water pipe used for smoking pot Phelps apologized over weekend for "  regrettable behavior "
CNN  -- Fans of fantasy franchises like "  Game of Thrones " are famously devoted -- some might say fanatical . Whether making an appointment with their television , staking out a bookstore , or lining up hours before a movie release , people who love diving into worlds of wonder go to great lengths get the goods . But it may not be "  Game of Thrones " that has the most rabid fans . "  The Elder Scrolls , " and its newest release , "  The Elder Scrolls Online , " boasts one of the most dedicated fan bases in all of entertainment . Celebrating 20 years of adventures on the continent of Tamriel , the six releases in "  The Elder Scrolls " series have given millions of players the opportunity to explore , create , and battle their way to glory . Pete Hines , vice president of public relations and marketing for Bethesda Softworks , told CNN it is that willingness to give the player freedom that endears the game to its fans . "  You get to make your own story versus everybody else presenting you something where you are playing their story , " Hines said . "  I think that has continued to resonate with folks as gaming has gotten more popular . " Those "  folks " add up . There were more than 20 million copies sold for just one game in the franchise -- "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim . " Compare that to one of the most talked about fantasy book franchises , "  Game of Thrones . " Random House 's Bantam Books said it has sold more than 24 million copies of all five books in the series ... combined . If sales do n't impress you , how about sheer size ? Tamriel is roughly 7.54 million square miles of land for players to explore , while Westeros  home to much of "  Game of Thrones "  is thought to be about 800,000 square miles and J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle Earth is 3 million square miles . Wiki pages created by fans to showcase elements of "  The Elder Scrolls " also dwarf the number of similar pages created for other fantasy stories . There are nearly 22,000 pages created for "  The Elder Scrolls " -- more than "  Lord of the Rings "  4,944  , "  Twilight "  984  , and the Harry Potter books  11,511  combined . When Bethesda asked for people to sign up to beta test their new multiplayer game , "  The Elder Scrolls Online , " 5 million people  the equivalent of the population of Norway  responded to the call . Hines said there were even attempts at bribery to get in , with one person offering their newborn child and their left arm . "  We determined that was a bit too high a price to pay for a beta key , " Hines said with a laugh . "  We have very loyal , enthusiastic , rabid fans that are really into what we are doing and want to be a part of it . " While body parts and trading children may be a bit extreme , Hines said there was another family who were so dedicated and loved the franchise so much that they made a life-long commitment after the release of "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim . " "  I made an off-hand joke that if anybody names their kid Dovahkin  the title given to the main character in the game  you will get free Bethesda games for life , " Hines said . "  And then somebody actually did . " Dovahkin Tom Kellermeyer was born on November 11 , 2011 . Sure , other babies have been named for fantasy characters . People have also held weddings in the style of their favorite fantasy land  although a wedding in the style of "  Game of Thrones " might be problematic  . But how many people can actually say they got married in Middle Earth or Hogwarts ? Hines said one couple has approached Bethesda with the request to get married inside "  The Elder Scrolls Online " game . "  They are actually getting married , but they want to do the ceremony in ` The Elder Scrolls Online . ' We 're still figuring out how exactly that works and what the ramifications are , " he said . And of course , the players want to talk about the game as well . "  The Elder Scrolls " lead the way in that category as well . The series has more than 300,000 subscribers to Subreddit accounts across its various games . "  Game of Thrones " has 298,196 and Harry Potter has 142,389 . And that does n't even take into account all the fan fiction pages spread out across the Internet . "  It 's just all over the place everywhere else , " Hines said . "  There are blogs and forums and all kinds of places where people are writing their own story , their own fiction . " Lest you think Hines to be a braggart , he did admit he has a great fondness for the "  Game of Thrones " books and television series . He said many fans of "  The Elder Scrolls " also follow the adventures in Westeros and Middle Earth . "  There are Harry Potter fans who are Elder Scrolls fans . There are Elder Scrolls fans who are Harry Potter or ` Game of Thrones ' fans , " Hines said . "  It never has to be an either-or . "	"  Elder Scrolls , " the fantasy gaming series , rivals books , movies in popularity One game sold nearly as many copies as all five novels "  Game of Thrones " comes from Fans have named children , planned a wedding based on the game "  Elder Scrolls " celebrates its 20th anniversary this year
CNN  -- The slaughter of hundreds in Egypt this week was horrifying . The response of the United States to that slaughter seemed puny and impotent . The president and the secretary of state offered strongly worded condemnations , and the United States canceled its participation in a military exercise that probably would n't have happened anyway , given the unrest . Around the world critics suggested the United States was either effectively condoning the violence or sending a strong message that it would n't penalize the Egyptian military for this or future harshness . It did n't help that after his statement the president slipped off for a round of golf . The unnecessarily callous optics of the golf game aside , the unsettling reality is that America 's options were puny and likely to have very little effect . Indeed , the White House wisely avoided falling into the trap of "  feel good measures : " bold gestures that may resonate but ultimately wo n't work . Some argue the United States should suspend the delivery of some or all the $ 1.3 billion in annual aid it sends to the Egyptian government . But this would only further reduce the limited influence we have over the Egyptian military . Mosque at center of Egyptian clashes It is important to remember that after Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy 's overthrow , governments from the Persian Gulf in a matter of days offered the new Egyptian government 10 times the amount the United States gives each year . Not only did this shift the balance of influence away from the United States , but it also raises the possibility that they might well have replaced any funds we withdrew , blunting the impact of our actions . It is also important to remember that the situation in Egypt is not black and white . While there is no excuse for the kind of massacres that took place this week , the Muslim Brotherhood also has a share of responsibility for the situation on the ground . The Morsy government regularly abused its authority , trampled on basic human rights and was so widely reviled in Egypt that its overthrow was welcomed by tens of millions of citizens . Indeed , if you are looking for a place to fault the U.S. response , look to our relative tolerance of Morsy 's abuses and our failure to strongly and effectively call him out as his government crushed personal freedoms , suppressed the press , threw opponents in jail and stood by as the Muslim Brotherhood actively sought to sow discord throughout the Middle East . Had the United States been tougher back then and had it worked more with the international community to tie total aid flows to better behavior , it could have helped forestall the current situation . The United States consistently did and said too little too late . It also fell into the trap of overstating the legitimacy that being elected conferred on Morsy , even as he undercut that legitimacy by acting in a perniciously undemocratic way . Is it still safe to travel to Egypt ? This last overall point contains the secret to effective U.S. leverage over Egypt and many countries these days . The United States can not have much impact acting alone . Unless -- in an instance like this -- it can speak for a broad cross section of aid-giving countries and institutions , the impact of any conditions it sets is likely to be limited . Impact requires purposeful , active political and economic diplomacy at the highest levelâ $ " including the willingness to pressure friends . It also requires having a clear plan . Finally , those with whom the United States is interacting , be they friends or adversaries , have to believe that it has the resolve to follow through -- and the willingness to take materially positive action if things go the way America wants . But a United States that is post-Iraq and post-Afghanistan is correctly seen in the Middle East and elsewhere as "  leaning back . " A trifecta of forces has contributed to this : The huge costs and damage of our misadventures in the region have left us disinclined to further commit major resources or incur further risks . Our domestic economic problems have led us to turn inward and question how we allocate our resources . And the polarization in U.S. politics has both produced divisions that make action hard and empowered the extreme wings of both parties , groups that for all their divisions happen to share a taste for isolationism . American inaction in Syria , the growing violence in Iraq , our apparent inclination to get out of Afghanistan at any cost , and our relative silence on the decaying situation elsewhere in North Africa all contribute to the unhelpful perception that we are not going to put our shoulder into much in the region  or elsewhere for that matter  . It 's not that we 'll be absent . Not that we wo n't issue statements . Not that we wo n't take some modest actions . It 's just that we will do less where we can do less . We will hesitate more . And with each illustration of thisâ $ " whether our restraint is soundly based or notâ $ " we lose credibility and thus leverage . This is the hard choice for America : Embrace the risks and costs of real engagement or accept those associated with a much more passive role . This does n't mean we have to be foolish . We do n't need more Iraqs . Egypt 's identity torn in two But the lesson of Iraq was not to never intervene again . It was to never do so rashly , recklessly or for the wrong reasons . It was to resist the temptation to act alone , to step up to the hard work of real diplomacy , to keep our eye on our nation 's need to be a more effective leader in the international community , rather than simply the bullying hyperpower . It was to understand that the trick of leadership is actually getting others to follow , building coalitions , leveraging our power with that of others . Because as we are now discovering , sometimes the greatest costs of mistakes like the ones we made in Iraq and Afghanistan are the way they limit our ability or inclination to take action in the future when it is truly necessary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : After Egypt slaughter , U.S. response was criticized as puny , impotent He says cutting funds might feel good , but will cede U.S. leverage to Arab nations offering aid He says real impact requires strong political , economic diplomacy at highest levels Rothkopf : U.S. has choice : embrace risks of engagement , or be passive , accept less clout
San Diego , California  CNN  -- We already knew that opponents of immigration reform had no good arguments in favor of preserving the status quo . Now we know they have no shame . Some of them are deliberately mixing apples and oranges and trying to use the tragedy of the Boston Marathon bombing to scuttle efforts in Washington to achieve immigration reform . All last week , my friends in the immigration reform community held their collective breath and hoped that -- when investigators finally zeroed in on a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing -- that person would NOT turn out to be foreign-born . Immigrants are blamed for enough in society ; they need not be blamed for this tragedy . Besides , from the perspective of the reformers , the timing could n't be worse . A few days after the bombing , the Senate 's "  gang of eight " unveiled what is the most significant piece of immigration reform legislation in more than a quarter century . The Border Security , Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act of 2013 is an expertly crafted , bipartisan compromise that has a real shot at improving the lives of millions of people and fixing a broken system . Yet , because of unrelated events , the legislation could wind up hanging by a thread . Why ? Because the prime suspects in the Boston bombing are immigrants : 19-year-old Dzhokhar "  Jahar " Tsarnaev and his 26-year-old brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev . The brothers are from the Russian Caucasus region and moved to Kazakhstan at a young age before coming to the United States . Tamerlan was killed Thursday night in a shootout with police . Dzhokhar escaped and was at large Friday until he was found in Watertown , Massachusetts , and apprehended by police . According to what two sources told CNN , Tamerlan had been living in the United States legally on a green card . Dzhokhar first came to the United States as a tourist in the early 2000 's and later asked for asylum . He became a naturalized U.S. citizen just last year , on September 11 , 2012 . There 's that infamous date again . It 's worth noting that Americans started the long and difficult journey toward immigration reform on September 5 , 2001 , when President George W. Bush welcomed Mexican President Vicente Fox to the White House for a state dinner in his honor . Earlier in the day , both leaders told reporters that they wanted to fix the immigration system and match willing employers in the United States with willing workers in Mexico . The reform was supposed to include a pathway to legal status for millions of illegal immigrants in the United States . Six days later , our country was attacked and the world changed . Immediately , immigration reform was put so far onto the back burner that it eventually fell clear off the stove . Most supporters of immigration reform , including many Latinos , believe that this was immensely unfair . The 19 hijackers were from the Middle East , and they came to the United States legally , many on student visas . So why would their evil acts have the effect of torpedoing the prospect of immigration reform that primarily affects millions of illegal immigrants from Latin America ? Now , here we are again . Earlier this week , Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa -- a vocal foe of immigration reform who has suggested the answer to securing the border is electrified fencing because , as he once said on the House floor , "  we do this with livestock all the time " -- suggested that the congressional debate on the immigration bill should go slow because the suspects in the Boston bombing might turn out to be foreign nationals . That is just what happened . Was that a lucky guess ? Or is that how this guy 's mind works -- that every time something bad happens , an immigrant must be to blame ? On Friday , Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa jumped into the fray during a hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  Given the events of this week , it 's important for us to understand the gaps and loopholes in our immigration system , " he said . "  How can we beef up security checks on people who wish to enter the United States ? How do we ensure that people who wish to do us harm are not eligible for benefits under the immigration laws , including this new bill ? " Also piling on was conservative columnist Ann Coulter , who has made clear over the last few months that she opposes immigration reform because she thinks it would lead to the "  end of America " since Latinos are busy "  having illegitimate children and going on welfare . " She marked the shootout in Boston , and took a poke at the Florida senator who is leading immigration reform efforts , by mischievously tweeting : "  It 's too bad Suspect No. 1 wo n't be able to be legalized by Marco Rubio , now . " Again , the Tsarnaev brothers were immigrants , but they did n't need to be "  legalized . " They were already in the country legally . But , hey , why let facts in the way of a good screed ? In response , a spokesman for Rubio said in an e-mail to the Christian Science Monitor : "  There are legitimate policy questions to ask and answer about what role our immigration system played , if any , in what happened . Regardless of the circumstances in Boston , immigration reform that strengthens our borders and gives us a better accounting of who is in our country and why will improve our national security . Americans will reject any attempt to tie the terrorists responsible for the attacks in Boston with the millions of decent , law-abiding immigrants currently living in the U.S. and those hoping to immigrate here in the future . " Let 's hope that 's right , and that most Americans do see these tactics for what they are : desperate attempts to thwart reform . Here is the predicament that the nativists and right-wing demagogues find themselves in , whether they realize it or not . They want to opportunistically use the fact that bombing suspects were foreign nationals to once again derail immigration reform . But , in doing so , they walk away from the table and wind up defending the current immigration system . The Rubio spokesman had it right . We have to know who is in this country , and what their intentions are -- whether they came legally or illegally . This is one of the things that immigration reform is about . No reform plan is perfect , but the status quo is flatly not acceptable . We have to keep the debate going . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Immigration reform critics are wrongly citing the Boston bombing He says the suspects were here legally , their cases unrelated to larger issue Navarrette : Opponents will grab at anything to stop the immigration compromise bill
CNN  -- When protests swept across Tunisia and Egypt at the beginning of this year , history student Jabbar Savalan was inspired . A 19-year-old in oil-rich Azerbaijan , he did what many activists in the Arab world were doing : He got online , posting a call on Facebook for a "  Day of Rage " against the authoritarian government of the former Soviet republic . The next day , February 5 , he was arrested , handcuffed and forced into a police vehicle without being informed of his rights , according to Amnesty International . He has been in custody ever since . He says he was interrogated for two days before he saw his lawyer , slapped , and threatened into signing a confession , the group says . Police say they found a small amount of marijuana in his jacket pocket , according to Amnesty . Three months after being arrested , he was sentenced to prison , despite a blood test which showed no presence of drugs , and the testimony of his family and friends that he is not a drug user . He 's due to get out in August 2013 . Savalan is one of at least 17 Azerbaijanis considered "  prisoners of conscience " by Amnesty International , which released a damning report Wednesday accusing the country of suppressing dissent and the press . Self-censorship has increased and criticism of the state "  is punished in all sectors of society , " Amnesty 's Azerbaijan researcher Natalia Nozadze said in the capital , Baku , on Wednesday . The "  report shows lengths that the government goes to to silence " opponents , she said . The "  government has criminalized peaceful protests by banning them " and "  defamation of the government continues to be criminal offense , " she said . The government of President Ilham Aliyev -- whose father , a one-time member of the Soviet Politburo , was president before him -- uses techniques described as despotic in other parts of the world , said a top Amnesty official . "  Azerbaijan has achieved the bones but not the meat of a democracy -- opposition are allowed to exist but not to function , " said John Dulhuisen , the deputy director of the agency 's Europe and Central Asia program . He said Amnesty 's researchers had not been able to meet government representatives while preparing the report , which is called "  The Spring That Never Blossomed : Freedoms suppressed in Azerbaijan . " An opposition journalist who served four years in prison also spoke at the press conference . Eynulla Fetullayev , founder and editor-in-chief of Gundalik Azerbaijan and Realny Azerbaijan newspapers , was sentenced to eight years and six months in jail in 2007 , but Amnesty International helped him win his freedom earlier this year , he told the press conference . Pro-government media , including the main television channels , did not attend the press conference , local journalists told CNN . The head of the International Press Institute expressed some support for Azerbaijan 's government , saying it had displayed a willingness to engage in dialogue . But she said self-censorship was a concern . "  Journalists in Azerbaijan fear retribution from businesses and government officials over what they write . They fear jail or physical attack and that is unacceptable , " said Alison Bethel McKenzie . The government rejected Wednesday 's report . "  The Amnesty report was not fair at all . Its task was to criticize Azerbaijan . I do n't think this is fair , " said Foreign Affairs Ministry spokesman Elman Abdullayev . "  Democracy is a process . Things that have been achieved here and done so far should be mentioned , " he argued . He said the media are free to say whatever they like , and he rejected the idea that there were prisoners of conscience in his country . Azerbaijan is strategically important because of pipelines that bring oil and gas from the Caspian Sea and Central Asia to the West via Turkey . Amnesty insisted that the international community is more interested in Azerbaijan 's oil and gas sectors than in a democratic government that supports human rights . Located between Russia , Iran and Turkey , Azerbaijan cooperates with NATO and is a member of the Council of Europe -- which has also been critical of Azerbaijan in the past .	Azerbaijan clamped down on dissent inspired by the Arab Spring , Amnesty says It accuses the oil-rich ex-Soviet republic of holding at least 17 prisoners of conscience Azerbaijan rejects the report as unfair The Caspian Sea country has strategically important oil and gas pipelines
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- NATO aircraft targeted warships overnight , striking eight of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's vessels in Tripoli 's seaport , the organization said Friday morning . A Libyan government official said the targets included commercial vessels as well as military ones . "  All NATO 's targets are military in nature and are directly linked to the Gadhafi regime 's systematic attacks on the Libyan people , " said Rear Adm. Russell Harding , deputy commander of Operation Unified Protector . "  Given the escalating use of naval assets , NATO had no choice but to take decisive action to protect the civilian population of Libya and NATO forces at sea . " In a statement , NATO said the attack occurred after two weeks of escalating use of government maritime forces that had disrupted the flow of humanitarian assistance . All the vessels targeted were naval warships with no civilian utility , said Harding . But a Libyan official who led CNN personnel on a tour of the area said the commercial port , not the nearby military port , was hit . From the distance at which CNN was allowed to view the area , it was not clear what sort of vessels were hit . The port 's general manager , Mohammed Ahmed Rashed , told reporters that six rockets struck in three strikes that hit five coast guard boats and one navy vessel , which had been in dock for maintenance . The port remained operational , he said . Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim called the attack a "  clear attempt to bring the nation to its knees , " and said the port serves as the main entry point for food and other critical supplies into the country . "  The nation will starve , " he said . Still , though the port was in disarray , the damage did not appear major , he said . Ibrahim 's claims came as President Barack Obama , addressing a global audience , condemned the use of force against Arab Spring protesters by longtime allies and adversaries alike . "  Obama is still delusional , " Ibrahim said . "  He believes the lies that his own government is spreading around the world and his own media is spreading around the world . They have not proved one single charge against us and they refuse to investigate us . " He added , "  It 's not Obama who decides whether Moammar Gadhafi leaves Libya or not . It 's the Libyan people who decide their future . " The report of the attack came shortly after at least three explosions could be heard in the city . A government official said five airstrikes had targeted the port and the police academy was also hit on Thursday , during which NATO jets could be seen been flying overhead throughout the day . Libyan state-run television reported the strikes with a "  breaking news " font that said , "  Military source : Residential and military locations in Tripoli are currently being shelled by NATO forces . " Earlier Thursday , crowds of Libyans took to the streets of Tripoli , honking horns and dancing in the streets in support of the country 's leader , Moammar Gadhafi . More than 100 people outside the headquarters of state television chanted "  God , Moammar and Libya only " and other pro-Gadhafi and anti-rebel slogans . The demonstrations were sparked , apparently , in response to state-run television reports that parts of the rebel capital Benghazi were "  rejecting the colonialists and their followers , " as the government describes NATO and the rebels . A group of journalists , including a CNN team , was taken by government minders to see the celebrations in Tripoli . Among the crowds composed predominantly of young men were a number of families -- including fathers carrying children on their shoulders . One woman , who brought her 10-year-old-daughter , carried a portrait of the Libyan leader and said they were celebrating their country being united again . Many then drove toward Tripoli 's Green Square singing and honking their horns , waving Libya 's green flag and portraits of Gadhafi . But CNN journalists in Benghazi saw no indications of counter-revolutionary uprisings or protests there . And the National Transitional Council denied government claims that pro-Gadhafi forces had seized control of the city . And residents of Benghazi said they had not seen or heard of pro-Gadhafi rallies there . Two months ago , Gadhafi loyalists in Tripoli erupted in similar cheers when state media incorrectly reported that Tobruk and Benghazi had fallen to government troops . Gadhafi has been fighting to keep control of his country in the face of an uprising that has led to a number of key cities falling into rebel control . The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court this week requested a warrant for Gadhafi 's arrest on charges of crimes against humanity . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Libyan spokesman says media is reporting lies Libyan official says commercial and military areas were struck NATO says its attack struck eight of Gadhafi 's warships Libyan spokesman calls Obama "  delusional "
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- In downtown Johannesburg -- once a no-go zone riddled with crime -- a young entrepreneur is sparking an urban restoration . Property developer Jonathan Liebmann is busy rejuvenating the South African city 's industrial heart after years of urban decay , with his Maboneng Precinct , on the east side of Johannesburg 's central business district . Maboneng -- meaning "  place of light " in Sotho -- is now a mixed-zone neighborhood , full of shops , restaurants and residences , which comes alive at the weekend . And it could follow in the footsteps of London 's trendy East End and the shabby-chic streets of Williamsburg in New York as Johannesburg 's young middle class flood to the district . Read more : Africa 's tech cities and mega dams Liebmann said : "  The area has really transformed from being a rundown industrial area into being a new living and workspace for people looking for something alternative . " Liebmann and his team own 35 properties in the area and have developed 10 of those buildings since 2008 . "  It 's paid off financially , but it will pay off more in the medium to long term , " he added . The Maboneng Precinct 's first project , called "  Arts on Main " is a creative hub boasting an in-house restaurant , rooftop bar and an exhibition space as well as a studio for some of South Africa 's most respected artists . Read more : Fast-food giants target Africa Prices for an apartment in Maboneng range anywhere from 280,000 rand  $ 28,500  to 3 million rand  $ 305,000  , and Liebmann said that since he started buying up properties in Johannesburg , prices have sky-rocketed . "  Initially buildings were being bought for 100 euros a square meter , " he said . "  I think prices have tripled , but that still makes it very competitive when you compare it to the suburbs . There are still very good deals to be enjoyed . " But for seemingly low prices by Western standards , Maboneng still remains an aspirational area for many of the city 's 3.8 million inhabitants . Despite South Africa being the continent 's largest economy , 23 % of the population is below the poverty line . Liebmann said that Maboneng 's continued development will have a positive impact on Johannesburg , known as the "  City of Gold , " as other similar projects spring up around the city . "  There 's always a knock-on effect , " he said , "  it 's all coming together now in total regeneration . " Another company investing in Johannesburg real estate is Kempston Group . Originally a trucking company , today Kempston Group owns 100 commercial , industrial and farming properties around South Africa . Read more : Liberia : From warzone to holiday paradise ? And the firm is now taking on a mammoth project to transform the notorious Ponte City skyscraper in the heart of Johannesburg . When it was built in the 1970s , Ponte City was a desirable place to live . But having loomed over the city for nearly four decades , it became a symbol of the urban decay as the abandoned building fell victim to crime , drugs and prostitution toward the end of the last century . When it was taken over in 2001 , after years of neglect , five stories of discarded trash had to be removed as the building 's rejuvenation took place . Kempston Group founder Tony Cotterell , who is overseeing the renovation , explained : "  We bought in large conveyer belts with earth-moving equipment and we started moving it out . " The group has invested tens of millions of dollars into the project and has already finished renovating the residential floors . Cotterell says all of the 500 apartments currently in Ponte are occupied . "  What we 're creating is an environment where people can feel safe , " said Cotterell . "  It 's a big change from where it was 15 years ago . I think the whole of Johannesburg is starting to change as well . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	Downtown Johannesburg is getting a makeover Maboneng Precinct is an urban regeneration project in central business district Once neglected Ponte City tower houses new apartments
A former top U.S. commander in Afghanistan was ordered Thursday to pay thousands of dollars but avoided prison time in a case that put a spotlight on the military 's handling of sexual misconduct among troops . Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair was told he 'd get a reprimand , and he must forfeit $ 20,000 and pay restitution of $ 4,157 related to travel fraud charges , his lawyer , Richard Scheff , said . Sinclair 's court-martial came at a time when many have accused the military of not doing enough to address sex crimes and harassment targeting women . The sentence was handed down days after Sinclair pleaded guilty to adultery and mistreating one of his accusers in a deal that saw the sexual assault and sodomy charges against him dropped , according to Sinclair 's defense team . He had previously pleaded guilty to other charges in the court-martial , including committing adultery , engaging in inappropriate relationships with three women , conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman , and obstruction of justice . Prosecutors said Sinclair broke military law through sexual relationships -- including threats to some women involved who held lower ranks -- between 2009 and 2012 in Iraq , Afghanistan and Germany , as well as Fort Bragg , North Carolina , and Fort Hood , Texas . Once the deputy commander of the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division , Sinclair was moved to the North Carolina post from Afghanistan in 2012 , the same year the last alleged incidents occurred and when he was originally charged . Opinion : Military justice bungles sex cases After he left Thursday 's hearing at Fort Bragg , Sinclair said he was glad "  the system worked . " "  All I want to do now is go up north and hug my kids and see my wife , " he said . Scheff said that he , too , was "  very , very grateful " for how everything played out . He added that Sinclair plans to file his retirement papers with the Army . "  It restores our faith in the system , " Scheff said of the outcome , repeating his assertion that "  we would not be here at all " if the same allegations were leveled in the civilian justice system . "  Somebody who is neutral and objective looked at the evidence  and  did the right thing . " Retired Rear Adm. Jamie Barnett , a partner with a law firm that represented one of Sinclair 's accusers , called Thursday 's sentencing a "  slap on the wrist " that is "  beyond disappointing . It is a travesty and a serious misstep for the Army . " He said the ordeal shows remaining "  challenges " in the military when it comes to sexual abuse and assault . "  She had her day in court to speak the truth about the horrible things he did , and based on Judge  James  Pohl 's sentence , that will have to be enough , " Barnett said of his client . "  But it should n't be . " The testimony of his client , an Army captain , was never fully aired . She testified for several hours on March 7 , telling the court that an affair started with intimate exchanges and evolved into groping and demands for sex and oral sex , CNN affiliate WTVD reported . She also said the general threatened to kill her and her family , the station reported . The woman was scheduled to continue her testimony on March 10 , but Pohl dismissed the jury after 22 pages of e-mails emerged that appear to point to alleged Pentagon interference in the case . At least one of the e-mails also seemed to indicate that a senior Army official felt the accuser had a credibility issue . A recent Pentagon report showed that there were estimated to be 26,000 incidents of sexual assault and unwanted sexual contact in 2012 , and just over 10 % of those were reported . These concerns fueled a push championed by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , a New York Democrat , for legislation to remove military commanders from deciding whether most serious allegations of wrongdoing by their subordinates should be prosecuted . The responsibility would have been shifted to prosecutors outside the chain of command . Opponents said that such a measure would undermine the critical military principle of command authority . Earlier this month , Gillibrand 's bill failed to get the needed 60 votes to pass the Senate . However , a separate measure to largely disallow the "  good soldier " defense -- which permits defendants to enter evidence of their good military character at trial to mitigate the charges against them -- did make it through the chamber . Political fight over military sex assaults divides female senators	Jeffrey Sinclair must forfeit $ 20,000 in pay , get a reprimand , pay over $ 4,000 for travel fraud The brigadier general says afterward that "  the system worked " He 'd earlier pleaded guilty to some charges ; others including sodomy were dropped Accuser 's lawyer says Sinclair 's "  slap on the wrist " is "  a travesty "
CNN  -- New York City 's former mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has a new job . The billionaire media mogul has been appointed special envoy for cities and climate change , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced Friday . "  He 's starting right away and he 'll be pushing for action in the cities and raising the profile of cities , " said U.N. Public Information Officer Dan Shepard . For his efforts , Bloomberg will be paid $ 1 per year , Shepard said in a telephone interview . Bloomberg will assist Ban in consultations with mayors and others "  to raise political will and mobilize action among cities as part of his long-term strategy to advance efforts on climate change , " he added in a statement . Those efforts include bringing solutions to the climate summit Ban is hosting in September in New York . Ban "  has invited leaders from governments , businesses , finance and civil society organizations to bring bold announcements and actions to the 2014 Climate Summit to raise the level of ambition through new and more robust action on climate change , " it said . "  Cities play an essential role in developing and implementing actions and driving ambition , translating to significant impacts on climate change . " Bloomberg served as New York 's mayor from 2002 to 2013 . In 1981 , he launched Bloomberg LP , a financial news and information company . In 2007 , he addressed the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change in Bali , Indonesia . He also serves as president of the Board of the C40 Climate Leadership Group , a network of cities "  committed to implementing meaningful and sustainable climate-related actions locally that will help address climate change globally . "	"  He 's starting right away , " U.N. spokesman says The billionaire media mogul 's new salary : $ 1 per year Bloomberg is to aid Ban Ki-moon in advancing efforts on climate change
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's highest court ruled Tuesday that the captain of the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship must remain under house arrest while he is investigated for possible criminal charges . Prosecutors wanted Capt. Francesco Schettino to be held behind bars while the investigation continues , but his lawyers had argued he should be given his freedom . At least 30 people died when the giant cruise liner struck rocks and turned on its side off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 . Italy 's Supreme Court , known as the Court of Cassation , met Tuesday morning in Rome to consider Schettino 's house arrest at a hearing closed to the media . The five-judge panel 's ruling was delivered Tuesday evening . Schettino 's lawyer , Bruno Leporatti , said in a statement ahead of the ruling that his client had "  full trust and respect in the judges and that he awaits the Supreme Court 's decision with serenity . " The court was also expected to rule on the admissibility of the captain 's phone intercepts at the police station following his detention right after the shipwreck . Schettino faces allegations of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard and destroying a natural habitat , a prosecutor said last month . Giglio is a protected park . Schettino 's first officer , Ciro Ambrosio , and six other officers both on the ship and from the firm Costa in Genova are under investigation over allegations including manslaughter , shipwreck and failure to report the accident , the prosecutor said . No one has yet been charged in connection with the incident . Italy 's civil protection agency said Tuesday that 30 bodies had been recovered from the wreck , of which 25 have been identified and five are still in process of identification . Two people remain missing . Schettino has previously said managers of the Costa cruise line instructed him to sail close to the island and has denied allegations that he was sailing too fast . He has said the rock the ship struck was not indicated on his charts of the area . He has been under house arrest at his home in the town of Meta di Sorrento since January .	NEW : Capt. Francesco Schettino does n't have to be jailed , Italy 's highest court rules He is facing investigation over possible criminal charges including manslaughter Schettino has been under house arrest since January At least 30 people died when the Costa Concordia struck rocks and turned on its side
EW.com  -- The thing I find most surprising about Pompeii is that there are n't two rival Pompeii movies . The Paul W.S. Anderson movie has the look and feel of Deep Impact/Armageddon and Volcano/Dante 's Peak  though , believe it or not , Roman Polanski was once attached to direct  . Alas , Pompeii has the field to itself , a big-budget 3-D disaster epic that lands smack in the box-office dead zone of February . It 's just crazy enough to work ! Game of Thrones ' Kit Harington plays Milo , a Roman slave-turned-gladiator who catches the eye of an upper-class beauty  Emily Browning  who in turn is promised to the corrupt Roman politician  Kiefer Sutherland  who butchered his family . Conflict ! Harrington sculpted his body to look the part of a gladiator , but EW 's Owen Gleiberman thinks Russell Crowe 's Maximus from Gladiator is n't in danger of being surpassed anytime soon , writing , "  Harington knows how to handle a broadsword , but mostly he comes off as the British Taylor Kitsch , a glorified fashion model striking Blue Steel poses that smolder , boringly . " There also happens to be the looming destruction bubbling up from Mount Vesuvius , the Italian volcano that annihilated Pompeii in 79 A.D. . The critics are mixed on whether the volcano is the film 's villain or hero . Read below to see what they 're saying about Pompeii before heading to the theaters this weekend . Owen Gleiberman  Entertainment Weekly  ▼ "  The volcano spews an endless shower of fiery asteroids trailed by smoky plumes -- an apocalyptic fireworks show that takes down the city . ... Bodies get frozen into sculptures of ash that will last forever . It 's supposed to make this love story timeless , but by the end of Pompeii , you 'll be grateful that the movie only lasts 104 minutes . " Peter Debruge  Variety "  Taking a page from Titanic , the film invents a rich-girl/poor-boy romance , puts a powerful suitor in their way and then besets their star-crossed love story with CG lava showers , rendered all the more spectacular in stereoscopic 3-D . In short , Pompeii is a blast , at least by guilty-pleasure standards ... " Mick LaSalle  San Francisco Chronicle  ▼ "  As for the fact that there 's no reason to care whom the fireballs hit , or who gets covered in lava , or whose house caves , or whose ship blows up -- well , that 's unfortunate . Although , if you think of Pompeii as a ride , a conveyance for special effects , and not anything resembling an emotional experience , indifference can almost be a good thing . " Jordan Mintzer  Hollywood Reporter  ▼ "  The lava flows by the ton , as does the cheese , in Pompeii , a kitschy apocalyptic peplum whose visual epiphanies -- of which there are definitely a few -- can not outdo a B -  or C - or D -  grade scenario that will have lots of eyes rolling by the time the big stack finally blows . " Claudia Puig  USA Today "  Besides Gladiator and Titanic , the film borrows from 300 , Troy , Spartacus , Clash of the Titans , and even The Princess Bride . The result is a generic saga with a cast of forgettable one-dimensional characters . " Gary Goldstein  Los Angeles Times "  Sure , it 's not the brainiest of outings , but director Paul W.S. Anderson  the man behind four of the Resident Evil films  keeps the action apace and the lava a-flowing with workmanlike energy and sufficient visual dazzle . " Miriam Bale  New York Times "  Anderson displays his mastery as a director in the sword-fighting scenes . The camera glides and tilts in exact counterpoint to the thrusts of the knives , as if a bloody ballet . These scenes recall the elegance and deftness of great car chases from films like Bullitt . " Liam Lacey  Toronto Globe and Mail "  No doubt the audiences in the Coliseum would offer a thumbs-up to the scale of the destruction , though even they might have had some quibbles about the special effects , which , too often , resemble a very large pile of melting crayons . " Rene Rodriguez  Miami Herald "  The dialogue is often pleasantly leaden  "  I 've never seen you look at any man the way you looked at that slave ! " one of Cassia 's friends says as she ogles the buff Milo  , but the sound effects are way cool , and the 3-D is spectacular , with glowing ashes that seem to float off the screen and onto your lap . " Stephanie Merry  Washington Post  ▼ "  Harington 's star is on the rise . ... Yet his first starring role does n't showcase what he can do from an acting standpoint . Harington transformed his body for the role , but here 's the real disaster : His startlingly defined six-pack abs are the most memorable part of his character . " Wesley Morris  Grantland  ▼ "  Browning often looks like a woman on the brink of an orgasm . It 's as if she 's trying to out-act the volcano . The eruption starts early and lasts most of the movie .  It 's tantric that way .  " Pompeii Overall Metacritic rating  1-100  : 41 Rotten Tomatoes : 31 percent Rated : PG-13 Length : 104 minutes Director : Paul W.S. Anderson Starring Kit Harington , Emily Browning , Jared Harris , Carrie-Anne Moss , Adewale Akkinnuoye-Agbaje , Jessica Lucas , Kiefer Sutherland Distributor : TriStar See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Game of Thrones " actor Kit Harrington stars in the film "  Pompeii " is a 3-D disaster film The film is getting mixed reviews
CANTON , Georgia  CNN  -- Meet Kaden , bomb-sniffing dog in training . Jeff Schettler coaches handlers on how to work with detection dogs , including Kaden , far right , in the field . His name , a Gaelic word meaning "  little battle , " is fitting for the energetic 12-pound puppy with a perky tail that curls like a cinnamon bun . At 4 months old , Kaden is a playful , black - and white-coated basenji being schooled at Georgia K9 National Training Center . Once fully trained , he will assist federal and local police officers as well as private corporations in nosing out deadly explosives at schools , airports and public events . His detective skills can potentially save thousands of lives in an era where law enforcement agencies are aggressively fighting against drugs and terrorist attacks . "  Think about a scenario like the 1996 Olympic bombings , " says Kaden 's trainer Jeff Schettler , a cheery man who has coached hundreds of dogs to sniff out bombs , drugs , missing people and corpses since the mid-1990s . Demand for these detection canines -- including bomb dogs such as Kaden -- has surged as homeland security and drug crackdowns become a bigger priority for government and law enforcement . The North American Police Work Dog Association says 35,000 dogs are trained to do detective work in the U.S. . The association estimates up to 10,000 dogs have been added since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Watch three detection puppies in action " Official records of training puppies to work as detection dogs date back to the early 1900s in the U.S. . In more recent years , police departments realized a dog 's nose was a valuable asset . Dogs possess impressive olfactory abilities -- some breeds more than others . For each drop of odor detected by a dog , the human nose would require 1,000 to 10,000 drops of odor , veterinarians say . Can your pooch be a detection dog ? " Other animals may have smelling skills that rival a dog 's , such as pigs nosing for truffles in France or honey bees that can sniff out TNT particles , but veterinarians say dogs are the most controllable and sociable for their human handlers . Police dogs remain the most affordable and reliable solution to solving crimes that require scent detection , police officers say . Trained dogs can track down cocaine camouflaged inside car seats . They can find children who have mysteriously vanished overnight . Detection dogs can even weed out pest-infested apples and oranges accidentally left in suitcases at airports . "  They are a growing aspect of law enforcement , " says Jim Watson , secretary at the North American Police Work Dog Association and a handler for decades . Earlier this month , investigators were baffled during the international manhunt for George Zinkhan , a former University of Georgia professor accused of fatally shooting his wife and two other people . Two weeks into the search , two cadaver dogs , a German shepherd named Circe and an Australian shepherd named Madison , arrived . Within 10 hours , the dogs picked up the scent of Zinkhan 's remains in a shallow pit hidden in a thick forest . Once the dogs neared the suspect 's body , they gave their handlers personalized signals . Circe barked excitedly . Madison lay down . Trainer Jeff Schettler explains Kaden is an unlikely candidate for police work . Basenjis , a breed that originated in central Africa , are usually used as hunting or show dogs . There are only two other trained police dog basenjis recorded by the North American Police Work Dog Association . Most trainers in the police dog world dislike experimenting with new dogs , preferring to stick to breeds with a proven track record . Most law enforcement agencies rely on Belgian Malinoises and German shepherds for detection work because of their protective yet friendly personalities , but labs , bloodhounds and beagles also can be used . "  We 're not trying to fix anything , " Schettler says . "  We 're trying to enhance it . " Schettler points out some of Kaden 's advantages : The dog 's weight will peak at about 25 pounds , enabling him seamlessly to sift between cramped luggage and lockers . Kaden is barkless because basenjis have an oddly shaped larynx , ideal for quiet searches . On a recent rainy Saturday morning at the Georgia K9 National Training Center , little Kaden undergoes testing . Passing the exam depends on his whiffing talents . Upon the instructor 's command , Kaden 's pencil-thin legs playfully trot along the damp grass to an oversize wall scattered with dozens of holes . His instructor has hidden black gunpowder wrapped in pantyhose in one of the holes . If Kaden 's nose sniffs out the gunpowder , he will immediately sit . Kaden begins on the left side , quickly taking a zigzag pattern from one hole to another . His pace is methodical , a sniff for each hole . Soon he slows , pauses , inhales again and then sinks his tiny hindquarters to the ground . "  What a good boy , " coo several of Kaden 's trainers , stroking his sleek fur and rewarding him with one of his favorite treats , torn bits of venison jerky . As Kaden nibbles on his treat , Schettler admits there are drawbacks to training basenjis . Basenjis do n't have a furry coat to endure cold weather like a German shepherd . Basenjis are also a highly independent , stubborn breed with personalities similar to cats , making them difficult to train . Kaden 's personality , however , is contrary to most basenjis . He was culled from a litter in Atlanta at 7 days old because of his unusual sociability with humans . "  At eight weeks , he was in the airport going up to people and running around like he owned the place , " Schettler says . Training detection dogs such as Kaden often begins during puppyhood so imprinting scent differentiation becomes innate , handlers say . Puppies are selected based on breed purity , confidence , sociability and temperament . In any training program , there are doggie dropouts . In those instances , the puppies become pets . On the job , dogs can suffer from on-site injuries , such as mild sprains and bruises . Some dogs have even been killed when a bomb explodes or buildings collapse . As police dogs age , health problems such as arthritis can send them into early retirement . A work dog 's career typically spans about seven years , instructors say . Different breeds specialize in certain detection jobs , says Joseph Morelli , a canine handler for the Connecticut State Police . Morelli says he relies on Labrador retrievers for arson cases . German shepherds at his school are saved for patrolling or drug cases . "  People are really starting to see how useful these dogs can be , " says Morelli , who has started to train dogs from neighboring states in recent years . "  We 're really seeing our program take off . "	Police dogs can nose out explosives , drugs , bodies and missing people Kaden , at 4 months old , is training to become of the the few basenjis bomb dogs Training usually begins in puppyhood so handlers can imprint skills About 35,000 police dogs work in the U.S. , group says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The half brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai was shot dead at his home in Kandahar on Tuesday , authorities said . Ahmed Wali Karzai , the Kandahar provincial council chief , was killed during a gathering , said Tooryalai Wesa , provincial governor . He did not know a motive . While the governor initially said a friend killed Karzai , his spokesman later clarified that the death was at the hands of a guard . Saidkhan Khakrezwal , a member of the Kandahar provincial council , told CNN he and others were with Ahmed Wali Karzai when a guard named Sardar Mohammad came into the room and asked to talk to him . The guard then "  takes Wali to another room and shoots him with a pistol that he had in his hand , " Khakrezwal said . The shooter was shot dead by other guards . Sardar Mohammad was a trusted man who had worked as a guard for Karzai for eight years , Khakrezwal said . He was also a commander for a police post where there were about 30 policemen . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the shooting , saying that the guard accused of shooting him was working for them . Karzai suffered bullet wounds to his head and chest , said Mohammad Dawood Farhad , the head of Kandahar Hospital . "  My brother Ahmad Wali Karzai was killed today , " said the Afghan president in a previously scheduled news conference with visiting French President Nicolas Sarkozy . "  The Afghanistan people have suffered a lot . Every Afghan family has suffered . I hope one day these sufferings end . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said President Barack Obama comdemned Karzai 's murder and extended thoughts and prayers to his family . "  The United States condemns in the strongest possible terms the murder of President Karzai 's half brother in Kandahar , " Carney said . "  There 's been some claims and we will certainly work with the Afghan authorities on that , but right now the moment here is a personal one and we express our condolences . " Gen. David Petraeus , the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan said ISAF will help the Afghan government "  bring justice " to those involved in the killing . "  President Karzai is working to create a stronger , more secure Afghanistan , and for such a tragic event to happen to someone within his own family is unfathomable , " Petraeus said . Ahmed Wali Karzai , who has been dogged by drug dealing and corruption accusations , had been the subject of WikiLeaks cables leaked last year . Without being prompted , he discussed the accusations with a senior U.S. diplomat , according to one of the cables . He said that the claims are part of a campaign to discredit him and offered suggestions on how to stop drug dealing . "  He is willing to take a polygraph anytime , anywhere to prove his innocence , " the cable said . "  He suggested that the coalition pay mullahs to preach against heroin , which would reduce demand for poppy cultivation . " A U.S. official who authored another cable wrote that even though he must be engaged as head of Kandahar 's provincial council , "  he is widely understood to be corrupt and a narcotics trafficker . " He said Karzai 's "  reputation for shady dealings " should be considered when he recommends "  costly infrastructure projects . The official said dealing with people like Ahmed Wali Karzai represents a major challenge in Afghanistan : Fighting corruption and building support for government when government officials are corrupt themselves . Karzai "  appears not to understand the level of our knowledge of his activities , and that the coalition views many of his activities as malign , particularly relating to his influence over the police , " the author of the first cable said . In addition to discussions of war , drugs and Afghan politics , a comment in one of the cables also addressed his days as a restaurant owner close to Chicago 's Wrigley Field , the iconic baseball stadium . "  His restaurant was a hub for American  s  in the Midwest who had worked or lived in Afghanistan prior to the Soviet invasion , " the cable read . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	NEW : White House condemns "  in the strongest possible terms " the killing Provincial council member says shooter was a trusted guard for Ahmed Wali Karzai Gen. David Petraeus calls the shooting "  unfathomable " The Taliban claim responsibility , saying the guard was working for them
London , England  CNN  -- The debut album by New York rock band The Strokes has been named "  album of the decade " by influential British music magazine , NME . Released in 2001 , "  Is This It " topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians , producers , writers and record label bosses , according to NME.com . The Libertines ' 2002 debut "  Up the Bracket " was runner-up , with Primal Scream 's "  XTRMNTR " from 2000 in third spot . The Strokes formed in 1999 with a line-up that includes lead vocalist Julian Casablancas , guitarists Nick Valensi and Albert Hammond , Jr. , bassist Nikolai Fraiture , and drummer Fabrizio Moretti . Fans had to wait two years before "  Is This It " was finally released to critical acclaim , with hits such as "  Last Night " and "  Hard to Explain " underlining their Velvet Underground-inspired garage rock sound . However , the album fared better among British fans , reaching number two in the charts compared to 33 in the United States . The band 's second album , "  Room On Fire " , was released in 2003 and again reached number two in the British charts with singles including "  12:51 " and "  Reptilia . " But their third album , "  First Impressions of Earth " , gave the band its first number one success , when it snatched top spot in Britain in 2006 . It also reached the hitherto unknown heights of number four across the Atlantic . On hearing about the NME accolade , frontman Casablancas told the BBC : "  It 's totally crazy ! I thought it was great when I heard . "  But does it mean it 's a good musical decade or a bad musical decade ? I do n't know , I 'm such a bad judge of my own stuff . "	"  Is This It " topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians , producers , writers Released in 2001 , "  Is This It " was features hits such as "  Last Night " and "  Hard to Explain Libertines ' debut "  Up the Bracket " second and Primal Scream 's "  XTRMNTR " third
CNN  -- The Victoria and Albert Museum in London , UK has acquired two models of the world 's first 3D-printed gun . The ` Liberator ' pistol is the invention of Cody Wilson , a Texan law student whose company Defense Distributed caused a furore in May when it made blueprints for its firearm freely available on the internet . The distribution of the designs led to Wired magazine naming Wilson as one of the '15 Most dangerous People in the World ' . In theory , once downloaded , the designs would allow anyone with access to a 3D printer to make their own gun . Video shows test firing of 3-D printed handgun A few days after Wilson conducted his first successful test of the pistol , the U.S. government forced Defense Distributed to take the plans down . Wilson complied , but not before the design had been downloaded over 100,000 times . The V&A museum has two copies of the Liberator pistol on display as part of London Design Week . The two prototypes on display -- one extant and one disassembled to show its components -- are part of a new collection of 3D objects . According to the curators , the guns "  represent a turning point in debates around digital manufacturing . " The Science Museum in London also has a Liberator on display . In an interview with CNN , Wilson said that he felt the museum 's curators appreciated the Liberator pistol as a design object , but also appreciated the political ideas the weapon conveyed . "  The curators of the museum 's digital collection understand Liberator and our other pieces are first and foremost articles of political thought-practice , " Wilson said . Wilson says that in his view 3D printing is still in its infancy , and that it will become more significant in the future : "  I see digital manufacturing playing a bigger role in our lives . " While he thought that the mainstream firearms industry is no longer as powerful as it once was , Wilson said he thought that the spread of weaponry will gradually increase , and that in future it will be easy for almost anyone to get a gun : "  I think gun-making culture is on an understandable decline , but the barrier to entry to this culture will be lowered . " U.S. requires group to remove 3-D gun instructions from its website Considering it as a design object , Wilson believes that the Liberator 's unusual shape has been part of its success : "  Looking back , I would change nothing of the design . It was curious , boxy , alien . Its strangeness allowed it a better examination -- both as an article of design and as a concept . " Alongside the 3D printed gun , the museum also acquired four other items which point to the future of design , including a homemade toaster constructed from odds and ends for just $ 6 and a futuristic armchair with elongated "  ears " to create an artificial private space . 3-D printed guns a boon for criminals ? All the items were bought through the Design Fund to Benefit the V&A . Martin Roth , the museum 's director , said : "  The generosity of supporters of the Design Fund ensures that the V&A is able to acquire for our permanent collections some of the best and most exciting design projects of our time . "  This year 's acquisitions reflect an interesting combination of new technologies working with traditional crafts . " NASA sending 3-D printer into space	London museum acquires world 's first 3D-printed gun The firearm is the invention of Texan law student Cody Wilson The U.S. State department banned Wilson from distributing the gun 's plans in May
CNN  -- Singer Kelly Osbourne , the daughter of rocker Ozzy Osbourne , checked herself into "  a medical facility to address some personal issues , " her London publicist confirmed Friday . Kelly Osbourne is struggling with "  some personal issues , " according to her spokeswoman . The British Press Association cited an unnamed source saying Osbourne , 24 , is being treated at the Hazelden retreat in Oregon . "  Kelly Osbourne has voluntarily entered a medical facility to address some personal issues , " spokeswoman Caroline Barrett said in a statement e-mailed to CNN . "  Her family stands by and supports her . " Osbourne was jailed in London in January on a charge of assaulting a British newspaper gossip columnist at a London nightclub last summer . She was freed on bail . She 's been absent in recent weeks from a British radio talk show in which she dispenses life advice to young people . Her father , who rose to fame with the heavy metal group Black Sabbath , and mother Sharon revealed nearly five years ago that Kelly Osbourne entered the Promises rehab facility in Malibu , California , for treatment of a painkiller addiction . Their revelation came in an appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in May 2004 . "  We just had to take evasive action very quickly , because the amount of pills that was found in her bag was astounding , " Ozzy Osbourne told Larry King . Kelly Osbourne gained fame as a teenager when her family opened up their lives to cameras for an MTV reality show "  The Osbournes . " She used the exposure to launch her own music career .	Kelly Osbourne in "  medical facility to address some personal issues " Daughter of Ozzy Osbourne had been doing radio advice show Kelly Osbourne first became known from MTV 's "  The Osbournes "
Washington  CNN  -- For years , Denise Scott and her three daughters thought they had certainty about their loved one 's death on September 11 , 2001 . They believed Randy Scott -- Denise 's husband and father to Jessica , Rebecca and Alexandra -- died instantly when the second hijacked plane , United Airlines Flight 175 , hit the South Tower of the World Trade Center . Randy Scott worked for Euro Brokers Inc. on the 84th floor , very close to the plane 's point of impact . The family took some comfort believing that he might not have suffered . But a handwritten note with just five words and two numbers on it has changed everything for the Scott family . The note reads , "  84th floor west office 12 people trapped . " The note was written by Randy Scott . "  We all just wrote the same ending , " Denise Scott told CNN Connecticut affiliate WTIC-TV , "  and it was n't correct . " Remembering 9/11 The note reveals that Randy Scott was not only alive after impact but actively trying to get help . He somehow sent the note out an opening in the South Tower and down to the street below . Randy Scott 's best friend , Steve Ernst , believes he knows what happened . "  He actually literally broke a window , probably with a desk , " Ernst said . "  That 's how they found that it was his note ; his bloody thumbprint was on the corner of the letter . " According to Ernst and accounts the family gave to WTIC and the Stamford , Connecticut , Advocate newspaper , the note was recovered on the street almost immediately . Then , according to those accounts , it was handed to a guard at the nearby Federal Reserve Bank . The South Tower collapsed shortly after that . The Federal Reserve kept the note stored for years and then turned it over to the National September 11th Memorial & Museum , according to those accounts . The museum worked with the New York Office of the Chief Medical Examiner to process the note . It was that smudge of blood on the note -- Randy Scott 's blood -- that enabled the medical examiner to use DNA technology to trace the note . By the time the note had gone through all those processes , a decade had passed . In August 2011 , the medical examiner 's office called Denise Scott , said it had something written and asked her to identify it . She brought Ernst with her . "  When we saw the letter , you ca n't mistake his handwriting , " Ernst said . "  So we knew right away that ... he went down fighting as hard as he could . " "  It was hard to hold back your tears , " said Ernst , who like the Scott family lives in Stamford . "  It 's another part of him that just comes back . " After 9/11 , how we honored our son 's memory Ernst and Denise Scott decided it was best not to tell Denise 's daughters right away . "  I think we both realized that it 's a really tough awakening , to realize that your father did n't die instantly , and might have really suffered or might have had a harder time than we thought , " Ernst said . Only "  fragments " of Randy Scott 's body were recovered , according to Ernst . Denise Scott waited until this year , when the youngest daughter , Alexandra , was out of college , to talk about the note . "  My youngest , when I told them about the note , said , ` Oh , Daddy must have been so scared , " Denise Scott said . "  And I said ` No , your father was hopeful . ' " Ernst said he believes the physical characteristics of the writing tell Randy Scott 's story in those final moments . "  He was n't trembling . He was n't nervous . It just looked like , ` This is what I got ta do . I got ta get some help to these 12 people . ' " Teaching my child about the 9/11 attacks	Randy Scott worked at the World Trade Center Family thought he was killed instantly September 11 DNA testing links him to a note written after impact
CNN  -- Americans are spending less time stuck in traffic and wasting less gas , according to a new report . The Texas Transportation Institute reports commute times saw a small dip in 2007 . Rising joblessness and stinging gas prices have put the brakes on worsening trends in traffic congestion , according to a study issued Wednesday by the Texas Transportation Institute , the nation 's largest university-based transportation research facility . "  It 's temporary , but real , " said institute spokesman Bernie Fette about the declines . "  As goes the American economy , so goes traffic . There 's fewer people going to work . " The institute attributed the changes to the recession , but the U.S. economy did not begin to slow significantly until the end of 2007 . The organization began tracking traffic trends in 1982 , and by "  every measure , congestion has increased substantially " in those 25 years , the latest Urban Mobility Report said . Not in 2007 . Researchers surveyed 439 urban centers in the United States and found that travelers spent one hour less stuck in traffic in 2007 than they did in 2006 and wasted 1 gallon less of gasoline . Congestion delay per traveler in 1982 was 13.8 hours . In 2005 , that number had almost tripled to 37.4 hours . But it was down to 36.1 hours in 2007 , representing a "  rare break in near-constant growth , " the report said . Because the changes were nominal , some people may not have noticed any change in their commutes . The average person still needs 25 percent more time to travel during rush hour than during other parts of the day , Fette said . "  Things were so congested and bad , it was kind of hard to notice , " Fette said . Among the report 's other findings : • American travelers still wasted 4.2 billion hours stuck in rush-hour traffic jams . That amounts to nearly one full work  or vacation  week for every traveler . • The overall cost , based on wasted fuel and lost productivity , reached $ 87.3 billion in 2007 , the report said . That 's more than $ 750 per person . • The amount of wasted fuel from sitting idle with the motor running topped 2.8 billion gallons or three weeks ' worth of gas for every traveler . Congestion has slowed but , said the report 's authors , that means only that things are getting worse slower , "  hardly a positive goal statement . " The Urban Mobility Report data base includes a few similar periods from regional recessions in the past -- Northeastern states in the early 1980s , Texas in the mid-1980s , California in the early 1990s . In every case , when the economy rebounded , so did the congestion problem , the report said . That means congestion trends are likely to swing upward once the economy starts picking up . Americans might then have fatter pocketbooks , but they 'll go back to staring through their windshields a bit longer . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Texas Transportation Institute : Less time in traffic , less wasted gas in 2007 A declining economy helps relieve congestion on U.S. roads , institute says Institute : Workers still lost a full week 's worth of job time trapped in traffic jams
While the nation is watching and hearing the angry protests in support of black shooting victim Michael Brown , a different kind of support is being voiced for the white police officer who fatally shot the unarmed teenager . In a first account of its kind , a caller to Radio America 's "  The Dana Show , " who identified herself only as Josie , told listeners a detailed account of Officer Darren Wilson 's side . A source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN it accurately matched what the officer has told investigators . "  He said all of a sudden , he just started to bum rush him , " she said . "  He just started coming at him full speed , and so he just started shooting and he just kept coming . " "  I can even say without speaking to Darren , without even having heard his statements , that at that moment in time , he was scared for his life , I am 100 % positive of that , " Wilson 's longtime high school friend Jake Shepard told CNN . But accounts of exactly what happened between Wilson and Brown vary widely . Witnesses have said they saw a scuffle between the officer and Brown at a police car before the young man was shot . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests Facebook support In a rally organized by the "  Support Darren Wilson " Facebook page , more than 100 people gathered Sunday in downtown St. Louis to show their support for Wilson , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . The Facebook group is gaining attention on social media and has received more than 29,000 likes since its creation on August 9 . A second Facebook page , "  I Support Officer Wilson , " is almost at 33,000 likes since its creation Friday . According to the "  Support Darren Wilson " page , another rally was set up over the weekend on a bridge that connects Illinois and Missouri . And in a recent post on the page , the group is preparing for another rally this week . The posts on both pages express frustration about not being heard in the media and allege a lack of support for Wilson and law enforcement . A recent post on the "  I support Officer Wilson " page says , "  We started this page to be the voice that law enforcement did not have . " Another post from the same page says that Wilson has overcome a rough childhood himself and that becoming a police officer has helped him to overcome that . "  It has been brought to my attention that Officer Darren Wilson had a very hard childhood and was able to rebound from that childhood becoming a police officer . ... This man is a hero now and has always been a hero , " one post reads . Wilson , 28 , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is on paid administrative leave . If he returns to duty , he will have to undergo two psychological evaluations , authorities said . Shepard told CNN the officer was the "  nicest guy in the world . " "  I could never imagine him even in that situation taking someone 's life , let alone taking someone 's life with malicious intent , " he said . A post from the "  I support Officer Wilson " page says that Wilson is struggling with what he 's done . "  This incident and the death of Michael Brown has been very hard for Officer Wilson and he is not handling it well , " it says . Support from friends , families Many who say they are wives of law enforcement officers have posted stories about their husbands facing similar situations . Others who say they 're friends of fallen officers have also posted about the grief they have seen when an officer is killed in the line of duty . KimC shared her support on the St. Louis Police Wives ' Association blog : "  Thank you from a Ferguson resident and friend of the officers here in the community . ... Thank you for the meals , donations to Darren and constant prayers . God bless you all . " A crowdfunding campaign for the officer is also gaining traction via fundraising websites . A Gofundme.com campaign raised over $ 10,000 in less than 24 hours and now has a goal of $ 100,000 . And a Teespring campaign , which sells T-shirts to help raise funds , has sold 1,007 T-shirts , breaking its goal of 1,000 T-shirts . The outpouring is modest when compared with that for the Brown family . A memorial campaign fund set up by Brown 's parents has raised over $ 82,363 in the last five days , breaking an $ 80,000 goal . What we know about Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Rallies in support of Officer Darren Wilson are being organized on social media Funding for the officer and the family has taken off Friends defend Wilson 's actions
CNN  -- When she saw a Dayton , Ohio , police officer tangled up with a man , Angela Pierce could have kept on driving . Instead , she got out of the car to team up with the officer and join the fight . While the danger was real -- especially with the suspect in arm 's reach of the officer 's gun -- Pierce told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that her thought process Saturday night was simple : The police officer needed help , and she was in a position to give it . "  I did n't even think about what  the suspect  could have had , I did n't think about what he could have done to me , " Pierce said Thursday . "  I just went and tried to help . " A camera mounted to the officer 's car showed the police officer -- identified by CNN affiliate WHIO as Officer Jonathan Seiter -- pulling over 64-year-old Otto Coleman on what appeared to be a routine traffic stop . But then Coleman attacked the officer , leading to a full-on scuffle . "  It was hands on , and it was a boxing match , " Seiter told WHIO . Around that time , Pierce said she was driving by with her aunt , heading to a birthday party . She asked her aunt to pull over , then got out of the car and ran toward the scene to help . For less than a minute , Pierce pounded Coleman repeatedly on his head to help subdue him until more help arrived . "  That could have been my father or grandfather , " Pierce said of her decision to help Seiter . "  I just kept on swinging , because I did n't want  Coleman  to get me or anything . " Pierce said that police initially handcuffed her , before soon realizing her part in the battle and releasing her . Subsequently , with Coleman by then under arrest , she and the other police officers exchanged high fives before she headed off to her party . Dayton police Sgt. Larry Tolpin warned that people could get seriously hurt when they jump into the fray -- even if it 's on law enforcement 's side . Still , he told CNN affiliate WDTN that Pierce deserved thanks for her effort . "  Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not endorsing that citizens participate in this manner , " Tolpin said . "  But under this particular circumstance , it was very commendable of her . "	Angela Pierce was driving by when she saw a Dayton police officer and suspect scuffling She got out of the car , helping out the officer by repeatedly pounding on the suspect 's head Pierce says , "  I did n't even think about what he could have done to me "
Qusayr , Syria  CNN  -- Qusayr is a ghost town these days . Only a few people can be seen scavenging through the rubble hoping to find anything worth salvaging from the carcasses of residential buildings in this war-ravaged city in western Syria . But there is n't very much to salvage after a major government offensive ousted rebels from the city , which is strategically located near the border with Lebanon and very close to the main highway connecting Damascus to Syria 's coast and to northern cities like Aleppo . "  Of course we want to come back here , " an elderly man told me . "  We are hoping for government support to make this Qusayr worth living in again . " The man 's name is George . He said his family have just returned after fleeing to the city of Homs when rebels took over the town more than a year ago . George was cleaning up his house and led me through ransacked rooms . "  They stole everything , " he said . He means the anti-government forces , whom the Assad government labels as terrorists but are supported by many Western and Middle Eastern countries . George then showed me a hole in the roof . "  Rocket . " That was his only word as we looked up at the sun that now shone in through the gap in his ceiling . The opposition took over control of Qusayr in February 2012 . The town became an important supply hub for weapons for rebel fighters in central Syria because of its proximity to the Jordanian border . It is also important for the government because it is located near a vital supply line for the Syrian military fighting in Idlib , Aleppo and other places in the region . After a long siege of the city by pro-Assad forces , Syria 's military enlisted the help of Hezbollah , the radical Islamist Shiite militia from Lebanon . Assad 's army and Hezbollah forces launched an offensive in early June of this year and re-took Qusayr on June 5 . But the cost of re-taking the city was clearly immense . Driving through town we could not find a single building left unscathed . In the central square , the iconic clock tower was destroyed . An ancient mosque had also suffered several direct hits with a gaping hole left in the minaret . And the city 's only church had substantial damage both inside and out with some of the icons defaced . Syrian military personnel on the ground claim Islamic rebels are to blame . A senior commander later showed us on a map how the army moved into Qusayr . "  First we surrounded the city and then we attacked it from all sides . And of course we killed a lot of them and there were a lot of wounded , " he recalled . "  The rest of them ran away through the valleys and the mountains , mostly to Lebanon . And now we can announce that Qusayr and its suburbs are totally cleansed of Islamist fighters . " The town might be "  cleansed , " as the officer put it , but in many places in and around Qusayr , the earth is literally scorched . Most of those now returning to the town are Christians , highlighting the increasingly sectarian nature of the conflict in Syria . George is a Christian as well . He says his son was kidnapped by Islamist fighters and he clearly blames some of his Sunni Muslim neighbors for collaborating with the opposition . "  We have been living with the Muslims for generations , " his wife said as we stood in their ruined apartment . "  I do n't know why they did this , why they helped them . " George also took us to his brother 's house , which was almost razed to the ground . Many of the rooms were burned from the inside . George said his brother fled when one of his sons was killed by rebel fighters . "  My brother is an engineer . His son came to the door and they shot him because they think all Christians are against them , " George tells me . Both George and his wife say they could forgive their neighbors but it is hard to see how this community , which before the crisis was majority Sunni Muslim with a substantial Christian minority , could ever go back to what it used to be , even if more people return . The opposition has called the Syrian military 's offensive a massacre and called for the international community to intervene . Meanwhile the Assad government blames the rebels for the carnage in Qusayr and says it intervened because of pleas from the population . No matter who is at fault , Qusayr is completely destroyed -- a once peaceful community on the Syrian-Lebanese border that might never be restored again .	Pro-Assad forces re-took city on Lebanese border from the rebels Strategically located along main highway connecting Damascus to Syria 's coast George , a Christian , was caught up in what is becoming a sectarian conflict He says much of the damage in the city was caused by Islamist rebels
CNN  -- His girlfriend Lindsey Vonn thinks he 's "  dorky , " but what does Tiger Woods think ? "  I guess so . My teammates used to call me ` Urkel ' back in college , " Woods told CNN 's Rachel Nichols in an exclusive interview ahead of his appearance at the Turkish Airlines Open this weekend . Like the bespectacled character from 90s sitcom , "  Family Matters , " Woods freely admits to having a "  nerdy side " but his attraction to Olympic skiing champion Vonn , who also described him as "  funny " and "  a great guy " in a recent interview , has far more to do with mutual passions . "  I like to have fun . I enjoy life . I 'm very competitive . I think that 's why we get along so well , " Woods said . The pair , who went public with their relationship in March , also share an understanding of the physical demands of top athletes , although Woods concedes golf is n't exactly littered with glorious physical specimens . Read more : Vonn puts comeback on ice "  I think we understand the work ethic that it takes . It 's two totally different training regimes because she 's got to spend so much time on leg development and core development and time on the bike that we do n't have to . Looking at some of the guys on tour , they 've got huge guts and ca n't breathe when they go up to tee boxes but they can still win golf tournaments , " Woods said . "  In her sport , unless you 're feeling close to 100 % you are not going to win . So it 's very different . " Return to fitness and form Woods famously won the U.S. Open in 2008  his last major triumph  playing through the pain barrier of a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament and a double stress fracture of his tibia , and injuries  knees , Achilles and elbow  have dogged him since . But barring the withdrawal from the AT&T National at Congressional in June , 2013 has been kinder physically , enabling the Tiger of old to re-emerge more regularly . Read more : Woods dropped by EA Sports "  I knew I could get back , but I had to get healthy first . I could n't practice unless I got healthy . And in order to play tournaments you got ta practice , " he says . Enlisting the help of swing coach Sean Foley in 2011 has also paid dividends creating more consistency in his game , he says . "  I 've won eight times these last two years , so I 'm very proud of that . " Major frustration There is , however , the small matter of Woods ' continuing failure to make an impact on the biggest stage -- Woods remains stuck on 14 major titles , four short of Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 . It 's a frustration , admits Woods , after being in contention at two majors this year . For once , his feted accuracy landed him in trouble during the second round of the Masters in April . While tied for the lead , Woods ' third shot to Augusta 's par-five 15th hit the flagstick before ricocheting back into the water . After taking a drop -- in the wrong place as it later transpired -- Woods ended up with a triple-bogey eight and eventually finished in a tie for fourth . Woods felt the same sense of lost momentum three months later at Muirfield . "  At the British Open on Saturday at the 17th I just spun one up in the air and it ended up in the bunker . I blasted out made bogey , Lee  Westwood  made birdie so there was a big shift there . I 've been there with chances to win at the weekend , I just have n't done it yet , " he said . Time , insists the 37-year-old , is still on his side . "  A lot of golfers peak in their 30s . You start eliminating mistakes as you get older . I might not bomb it as far , but strategic awareness improves . You understand how to attack the golf course and that 's why there are so many great players --  Ben  Hogan for instance , won most of his majors at my age and over . "  For Jack  Nicklaus  it took him until he was 46 ... You are going to have your years when you play really well -- you may clip two or three -- and then you have years when you just do n't win anything -- you are there , you just do n't happen to win , " he said . "  Quite frankly , since 2008 , I 've been there with a chance to win about a half of them . I just have n't seemed to have won one . " Rules of the game Woods may have enjoyed his most successful season since 2009 , but not everyone has been pleased with his progress . Last month , golf journalist Brandel Chamblee awarded Woods a grade "  F " for his 2013 labors , noting provocatively that he had been "  a little cavalier with the rules " -- a reference to four rules violations this year including the controversial two-shot penalty at Augusta . Woods ' agent Mark Steinberg raged on his behalf calling the slur "  shameless " and "  baseless , " before Chamblee offered an apology of sorts via Twitter . The constant scrutiny has become par for the course for Woods who says its just the nature of 21st century media landscape . "  It 's a new world for everyone because it 's a 24-hour news cycle . Everyone has outlets via blogs , the Internet has changed everything in how our sport is looked upon . " ` Watermelon guy ' Woods takes refuge in practice , "  hanging out with my boys " at the Medalist Golf Club near his home in Florida and focusing on his children : six-year-old daughter Sam and son Charlie who turned four this year . "  It was pretty neat that he was at Akron  WGC-Bridgestone International in August  when I won this year . It 's the first time he 's seen me win a golf tournament . It was thrilling for me and he got pretty excited . "  He 's been out on a golf course with me  before  , but he 's never seen people following me playing . So that was a little bit different -- he was a little bit nervous about that because obviously it 's a different type of crowd . It was a little bit shocking to him and he also loved it at the same time . " Much like his late father Earl , Woods is taking pride in watching his kids as they take their first , less public strides onto the sports field . "  I do n't yell at them when they play T-ball or soccer . I just watch , support and let the coaches coach . "  Lately , I 've been the watermelon guy -- so if they need a little bit of sugar , get a little tired they will come over and say : ` do you have any watermelon ? ' Other than that , I just watch and to me that 's just a thrill . "	Tiger Woods speaks to CNN 's Rachel Nichols about match-up with Lindsey Vonn and kids World No. 1 has completed most successful year since 2009 winning five PGA Tour titles Woods frustrated at lack major wins but hopes to emulate Ben Hogan 's late career success
CNN  -- Close your eyes and imagine this . It is the 1930s and , as Nazism starts to flex its muscles in Europe , you are in the Middle East bouncing along a rough road on your way to visit an archaeological dig . The excavation is taking place on Mount Carmel , fabled site of the Prophet Elijah 's burning altar , and archaeologists are digging deep to uncover the roots of humanity in the region . So far , so Indiana Jones . Except that when you arrive and walk through the tented camp to the trenches , you realize that almost every single person -- from the Palestinian excavators and overseers , to the Cambridge University team directing the project -- is a woman . Because this is n't a feminist fantasy -- this is Dorothy Garrod 's excavation project at the Carmel Caves , and it 's the reality . If you are surprised , I do n't blame you . I felt much the same when I dug deeper into the story of a hero of mine , the pioneering palaeontologist Dorothea Bate . Between 1901 and 1905 , totally unchaperoned , the twenty-something year-old Dorothea Bate explored the cliffs , caves and mountains of Cyprus and Crete in search of fossils . She was phenomenally successful , with her fossil finds becoming an important part of the collection at London 's Natural History Museum that I now work on . To do all of this as a woman in the early 1900s , I thought , she must have been truly extraordinary . Except I was wrong . Daring , clever , courageous and pioneering , yes -- but extraordinary ? It seems not . At the same time as Dorothea Bate was exploring Crete , an archaeologist named Harriet Boyd was directing the excavations of the Minoan town of Gournia . With her were two more women , Edith Hall and Blanche Wheeler . This image of not one , but four Edwardian women , digging for fossils and Minoan potsherds during the turbulent early days of post-Ottoman Crete surprised and captivated me . So I did the obvious thing and tweeted about it . I was totally unprepared for what followed . I was bombarded with more examples of pioneering women archaeologists : Dorothy Garrod , who we met above ; cross-dressing Jane Dieulafoy ; Gertrude Bell , spy and mentor to T.E. Lawrence ; the explorer and painter of Mayan ruins , Adela Breton ; Gertrude Caton-Thompson , excavator of Great Zimbabwe ; Nina Layard , Jacquetta Hawkes , Freya Stark , Frederica de Laguna , Amelia Edwards , Mary Butler , Agatha Christie  yes , that one  , Kathleen Kenyon -- the names just kept on coming , and as they did my delight turned to indignation . Why had n't I heard of these women ? Not the individual names -- I can barely name any male archaeologists from that period -- but the idea of these women , working in such numbers and even leading their fields . It was as though we 'd blithely wiped them all from our popular imaginations , and thus allowed each woman to be easily dismissed -- albeit with an approving pat on the head -- as anachronistic and an exception-to-the-masculine - rule . As the names of pioneering women archaeologists bounced around my corner of the Twittersphere , so too did demands for more information , for television programs  which do n't exist  and books  which do  . These women 's lives were packed full of adventure , tales of derring-do and breathtaking discovery , and together they subvert an idea of femininity that persists to this day . Stories worth celebrating . So when Mike Sizemore suggested I start a Tumblr to do just that , I punched the air and the simple brilliance of the idea . Yes ! But there was no way I could do it on my own . Fortunately , much as Dorothea Bate was n't alone in Crete in 1903 , I was not alone in the wild frontiers of social media . Brenna Hassett , Rebecca Wragg Sykes and Suzanne Pilaar Birch -- all , like me , in the early stages of their scientific careers -- immediately stepped up . In the space of just a few hours , four women who barely knew each other outside the realm of Twitter , had signed away their free time to start a blog celebrating pioneering women in archaeology , palaeontology and geology . We called it TrowelBlazers . TrowelBlazers is now just over one month old and we already have over twenty posts online , and more submitted , written by people who want share their admiration for the women who inspired them . And we have a lively -- and lovely -- Twitter feed and Facebook page , where hundreds of people join in funny , joyous , free-flowing conversations , celebrating these women , sharing fieldwork stories , and forging new friendships and networks in the process . We 're planning Wikipedia edit-a-thons as part of Ada Lovelace Day , and stepping in wherever we think a trowelblazing opinion is needed . And we want everyone to join in . We dare to dream that TrowelBlazers will help to reset people 's imaginations -- for it to become as normal to imagine Gertrude Bell as it is Lawrence of Arabia . For Dorothy Garrod to trump Indiana Jones . We want to ask children to draw us pictures of palaeontologists and geologists and archaeologists , and we want those pictures to be of women as often as they men . Because this is n't political correctness , and this is n't fiction -- though the stories are great . It 's the reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victoria Herridge .	Archaeologist Dorothy Garrod led an excavation in 1930s with all-female team Palaeobiologist Dr. Victoria Herridge was so inspired , she co-founded blog TrowelBlazers TrowelBlazers celebrates women in archaeology , palaeontology and geology
CNN  -- Nigerian militants threatened to end their cease-fire not long after it began Wednesday because they claimed the government was threatening one of their camps . Before the cease-fire , MEND destroyed oil pipelines in Lagos during a night raid on Monday . The militant group MEND said seven military joint task force gun boats with heavily armed troops were headed toward a camp near the border of the coastal states of Delta and Ondo . "  If this information from a very reliable source within the JTF happens to be true , the cease-fire will be called off with immediate effect , " the group 's spokesman , Jomo Gbomo , said in a statement . "  We are monitoring the armada and sincerely hope that the planned attack will be converted to a war exercise . " There was no immediate response from the military to the threat to end the cease-fire . Watch why the militants may end cease-fire " MEND declared a 60-day truce earlier in the day following this week 's release of its leader as part of an amnesty deal with the government . The response from Nigeria 's military was positive , but muted . "  It 's a welcome development , but we are continuing to do our normal assignment of maintaining law and order , " said Col. Rabe Abubakar , a spokesman for Nigeria 's military . MEND leader Henry Okah , who had been the group 's main arms smuggler , was arrested in September 2007 in the Angolan capital , Luanda . He was later extradited to Nigeria and was in prison until Monday . The cease-fire put on hold MEND 's "  all-out war " on the government . The group is demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta . It wants oil revenue reinvested in the region , instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . Many of MEND 's attacks have been aimed at oil and gas installations in the region . Okah 's release had been a key demand of MEND before it would accept any government amnesty offer . MEND 's statement said the group will put together a team of "  wise men and women " to "  convey our demands to government . " "  A compulsory prelude to talks is the withdrawal of the military joint task forces from the Gbaramatu communities and the return of all the displaced persons back to their various homes , " Gbomo said . "  Hopefully , the cease-fire period will create an enabling environment for progressive dialogue . " The militants have claimed attacks in recent years on oil platforms , chemical tankers , and oil pipelines . They have also kidnapped oil company workers . The repeated attacks have disrupted oil companies ' operations in Nigeria , severely disrupting production and causing prices to climb . Covering 46,500 square miles  75,000 square km  , the oil-producing region of the Niger Delta is about the same size as the Czech Republic or the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , according to the United Nations Development Program  UNDP  . An area of rich biological diversity , the region contains the world 's third-largest wetland with the most extensive freshwater swamp forest , according to the UNDP . More than half the area contains creeks and small islands , while the rest is rainforest , the UNDP says . At the same time , the Niger Delta produces the oil wealth that accounts for the bulk of Nigeria 's foreign earnings , the UNDP says . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report	Nigerian militants threaten to end a cease-fire not long after it began Rebels claim government is threatening one of their camps Cease-fire put on hold MEND 's "  all-out war " on the government The group is demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta
CNN  -- A strong earthquake struck off the south coast of Japan on Sunday night local time , "  jolting Tokyo and wide areas of eastern Japan , " the country 's Kyodo news agency reported . The 7.1 earthquake hit 200 miles  320 kilometers  south-southwest of Tokyo at 7:55 p.m.  6:55 a.m. ET  , the United States Geological Survey reported . Its epicenter was 188 miles  303 kilometers  deep , the USGS said . The Japan Meteorological Agency reported its magnitude as 6.9 , Kyodo said . There were no immediate reports of damage , and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning .	Tremor hits south of island , "  jolting Tokyo , " Kyodo news agency reported United States Geological Survey measures quake as 7.1 magnitude Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami alert
A bipartisan group of women senators waded into the ongoing drama over the NFL , Ray Rice and domestic violence . They sent a letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell calling on the football league to institute a "  real zero-tolerance policy " in such cases . The 16 signatories wrote that they were "  shocked and disgusted " by the in-elevator video that surfaced of Ray Rice punching his then-fianceé in an elevator , and they pointed to the allegation that the NFL had possession of the video , which became public Monday , when it handed down its original lenient two-game suspension . "  The NFL 's current policy sends a terrible message to players , fans and all Americans that even after committing a horrific act of violence , you can quickly be back on the field , " the senators wrote . The NFL recently changed its domestic violence punishment to a minimum suspension of six games for a first offense and a lifetime time ban for a second offense . "  If you violently assault a woman , you should n't get a second chance to play football in the NFL , " the senators wrote . Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut , recently told CNN that he would not "  rule out " congressional action to force the NFL 's hand on domestic abuse . Key events in the Ray Rice episode Ex-FBI director to investigate Ray Rice case	16 female senators send letter to NFL commissioner They demand the NFL not give domestic abusers a second chance
TIME.com  -- It 's one thing to find a strategy that works in the lab , but quite another to prove that it 's effective in the real world as well . A decade ago , researchers at the National Institutes of Health made headlines when they published the results of the Diabetes Prevention Program  DPP  . The study , which was designed to compare the effects of diet and exercise against the best medications to control the chronic disease , surprisingly showed that diet and exercise were better than the best drugs scientists had developed to protect those at highest risk from developing diabetes . The results were encouraging and disheartening at the time , however , since lifestyle changes are notoriously the most difficult to implement . It 's too challenging for patients to stick with a diet and exercise program , and even if they did , their motivation typically wanes after six months . TIME.com : Type 2 diabetes is tougher to treat in kids and teens But the findings -- the diet and exercise group lowered their risk of getting diabetes by 58 % compared to those on medications -- were too stunning to ignore . The DPP relied on intensive and highly individualized coaching to help the patients stay on their diet and fitness regimens . How could the strategies used in the DPP be modified to work in the real world , where personal nutritionists and trainers are n't always at our beck and call ? Dr. Jun Ma , an associate investigator at the Palo Alto Medical Foundation Research Institute and a consulting professor at Stanford University , was eager to find out . As a primary care physician , she says , "  we know there are huge numbers of patients out there who need this type of intervention . We just do n't have the manpower and resources to deliver interventions such as the one tested in the DPP . That motivated me and my collaborators to find practical ways of delivering the principles of DPP in a more realistic manner . " TIME Video : Competing in the Olympics with Type 1 diabetes Ma joined forces with scientists at the University of Pittsburgh who had participated in the government 's DPP study and were already tackling that very question . They had developed the Group Lifestyle Balance , a curriculum culled from the DPP that they were testing in both group-based and home-based settings . The 12-week program involved either weekly face-to-face sessions with a registered dietitian and fitness instructor in a class setting in which participants learned and discussed healthy diet and exercise techniques , or a self-motivated program based on DVDs that taught participants similar healthy living techniques . Ma used the same Group Lifestyle Balance curriculum and DVD in her study involving 241 people with pre-diabetes , but modified what the self-motivated group received by adding online and e-mail counseling as well . After three months of intensive training and a year of maintenance sessions , the coach-led group lost an average of 14 pounds , while the DVD group shed 10 pounds ; the control group , which received usual care but no specific weight-loss goals , lost only five pounds . More than double the proportion of people using the coach-led sessions  37 %  reached the DPP goal of losing 7 % of their starting body weight , while 36 % of those using DVDs and only 14 % of those getting usual care reached that goal . TIME.com : Heart risk for diabetics may be exaggerated The findings confirm that new strategies for helping at-risk people to control and even reverse impending symptoms may be just as effective , if not more so in some cases , than currently available treatments . "  I would want to encourage national initiatives to consider alternative ways for lowering diabetes risk , such as the ones we tested , " says Ma . "  Based on the evidence , face-to-face interventions seem to have the strongest effect , but there is data accumulating to support alternative delivery strategies such as through DVDs or online . And considering the number of people at risk of diabetes and heart disease , we need to find meaningful and sustainable ways to reach these people . " Ma says she and her colleagues intentionally tested strategies such as using e-mail reminders , online counseling and self-initiated DVD sessions because they rely on already-existing resources and would not require extensive investment in infrastructure . While the study only followed the participants for 15 months , Ma says continued research on such alternative strategies may lead to methods that are even longer-lasting and inspire even stronger compliance in the future . "  Longer-term follow-up and longer-term success is something that is attracting a lot of research interest right now , " she says . And as the results suggest , for good reason . This story was originally published on TIME.com . Diet strategies show promise in lowering risk of diabetes & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Researchers aimed to make the Diabetes Prevention Program strategy more realistic In the study , a group led by a fitness coach lost an average of 14 pounds Alternative strategies could be an important tool in the fight against diabetes
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A drug charge against Paris Hilton , who was detained Friday in South Africa on suspicion of marijuana possession , has been dropped , police said . Hilton and another woman , Jennifer Rovero , were taken into custody at the Nelson Mandela Bay stadium on possession charges , police said in a statement . The single count against the heiress was dropped after Rovero pleaded guilty to the same charge , police said . She faces a fine . Hilton appeared calm when she appeared before a magistrate judge in Port Elizabeth , a reporter for affiliate ETV told CNN . Rovero works as a freelance photographer for Hilton , reporter Lance Witten said . Hilton 's publicist , in a statement to CNN , said the incident "  was a complete misunderstanding , and it was actually another person in the group who did it . " Dawn Miller , the publicist , said Hilton was accused of smoking marijuana and said "  no charges will be made " against her . "  The authorities have apologized for wrongfully accusing her since she had nothing to do with the incident , " Miller said . Miller said Hilton was in South Africa for the World Cup . Police said they approached the two women after smelling marijuana outside the stadium where a match had been played . Hilton and Rovero were ushered into the stadium after a marijuana cigarette was tossed on the floor , police said . They were spotted again inside the stadium , and a bodyguard handed over a second cigarette to authorities , police said .	Hilton , photographer taken into custody at stadium Both charged with drug possession Charge against Hilton dropped ; her photographer pleaded guilty Publicist : It "  was a complete misunderstanding "
RollingStone.com  -- In the new issue of Rolling Stone , Contributing Editor Jonah Weiner smokes weed with Jimmy Kimmel and chats with the late-night host about his promotion to the coveted 11:30 p.m. time slot , his undying hatred of Jay Leno and why he sees Jimmy Fallon as a "  worthy competitor . " Here 's an excerpt from the latest cover story , "  Here 's Jimmy " : Photos : A history of comedy stars on the cover of Rolling Stone In 24 hours , Jimmy Kimmel will stand up in his office at the El Capitan theatre in Hollywood , looking less like a talk-show host and more , to use his words , like "  a hobo . " He 'll be wearing baggy mesh Dodgers shorts , a rumpled old Coca-Cola T-shirt and no shoes ; his hair will stick out in three directions . As he leaves his desk , where he 's been refining jokes since the morning , his transformation into late-night star will begin . After a quick haircut , he 'll carry his MacBook to the makeup room , where he 'll put the finishing touches on his monologue while a woman named Stephanie puts the finishing touches on his face : powdering his skin , shaping his eyebrows , blackening his hair where it 's a bit too gray or a bit too thin for HD . The 25 funniest people on Twitter In his private bathroom , he 'll change into a crisp white shirt , a colorful Prada tie and slim blue Gucci pants . His wardrobe guy will bring the matching jacket , steamed and lint-rolled and bearing a sticker on its lining that says ABC ASSET above a bar code marking it as network property . "  I 've got the same bar code tattooed on me , " Kimmel will joke . "  It used to say ABC LIABILITY , but they changed it when the ratings got good . " As he makes his way downstairs -- where a 200-strong crowd is waiting for that night 's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live ! to start -- a group of writers , producers and crew will fist-bump Kimmel and chant , as they do before every episode , "  Best show ever ! Best show ever ! " His band will launch into an ecstatic fanfare and Kimmel will stroll out , hit his electrical-taped mark , and fix his eyes on the teleprompter as the audience roars its welcome : showtime . Rolling Stone cover story : Jimm Fallon 's big adventure But that 's not for 24 hours . Right now it 's Sunday night , Kimmel is at his beach house , and he wants to get high . "  If we smoke weed right now , " he asks , "  is that on the record ? " Kimmel is sitting at a weathered wooden table in his dining room . Blinky and unshaven , hair tousled , he looks like he just woke up from a phenomenal nap . Kimmel 's fiancee , Live ! co-head writer Molly McNearney , is in the kitchen , drinking fruit punch and tapping on her phone . "  I do n't know if I want this in the story , " Kimmel , 45 , says , padding off to retrieve his stash . "  My kids are gon na read this ... " He returns with a vacuum-sealed baggie bulging with buds the size of baby Brussels sprouts . See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Jimmy Kimmel talks his undying hatred of Jay Leno Kimmel says he sees Fallon as a "  worthy competitor " He asks the interviewer if it 's ok for them to smoke weed
CNN  -- Meet Heidi Klum : supermodel . Reality-show host . Danger to Web users everywhere . That 's according to an annual list from Web security company McAfee , which ranks the year 's "  Most Dangerous Celebrities " online . The list is based on the likelihood that spammers , scammers or other ne'er - do-well residents of the Internet will use each celebrity 's name to lure unsuspecting clickers to sites that host viruses and other malicious software . "  While slightly safer than last year , searching for top celebrities continues to generate risky results , " said Paula Greve , director of Web security research at McAfee . "  Consumers should be particularly aware of malicious content hiding in ` tiny ' places like shortened URLs that can spread virally in social networking sites or through e-mails and text messages from friends . " Klum , a former Victoria 's Secret model who produces and hosts "  Project Runway , " replaces last year 's No. 1 celebrity , Cameron Diaz . According to McAfee , searching for Klum 's name yields a nearly 1-in-10 chance of hitting a link that leads to a malicious site . Diaz slipped to second while , in what can only be called a surprise performance , CNN 's own Piers Morgan  also a judge on "  America 's Got Talent "  snagged the No. 3 spot . In addition to spurring questions about how he landed amongst a bevy of models and actresses , Morgan is the only man to make the top 10 list other than Brad Pitt , who barely made it in a three-way tie for 10th with Emma Stone and Rachel McAdams . Rounding out the top 10 were actresses Jessica Biel , Katherine Heigl , Mila Kunis , Anna Paquin and Scarlett Johansson and Victoria 's Secret model  we 're seeing a trend here  Adriana Lima . According to McAfee , sports stars and singers are a safer search than actors and models . Tennis stars Maria Sharapova and Andy Roddick , who came in at Nos. 13 and 14 last year , respectively , dropped to 44th and 56th on this year 's list . Justin Bieber tallied only a 49th-place finish  tweens rejoice !  , and Lady Gaga came in at No. 58 .	Model , reality host Heidi Klum top 's McAfee 's list of Web 's most dangerous celebrities List notes which celebrities ' names are most likely to yield links to malicious sites Klum replaced Cameron Diaz at top of list , while CNN 's Piers Morgan finished No. 3 McAfee says athletes and singers are safer searches than other celebrities
In the same week that witnessed the fall of Homs in the hands of the Assad regime both the U.S. and the UK announced a resumption of non-lethal aid to the Syrian rebels . While this is a highly symbolic move towards an opposition desperate for any kind of support , it is also symbolic in that it is unlikely to affect the balance of power on the ground . The U.S. and UK contribution is dwarfed into insignificance when compared to military , economic , logistic and diplomatic support that the regime gets from its allies , mainly Iran and Russia . The truce in Homs is a clear consequence of failing Western support to the opposition and the full support that the regime gets from its allies . A balance sheet that compares aid to the regime against that given to the opposition demonstrates clearly the imbalance in favor of the Assad regime . This goes some way in explaining two phenomena : one is the disappointment towards the Obama administration felt by many of its Arab allies and by the Syrian opposition who feel let down by the U.S. ; two is the way in which Russia and Iran see military engagement and support to the regime in Syria as an integral part of their political and diplomatic strategy , while the U.S. and the UK seem to consider them as two separate processes : you either provide military support to the opposition or push for a diplomatic solution and can not do both . U.S. aid of up to $ 27 million and UK aid of # 1 million  $ 1.69 million  both in non-lethal aid like communications , medical equipment and food rations are being resumed after they had been suspended in December in the run-up to the Geneva II talks and only came up again after the failure of the diplomatic solution in Geneva II . Russian and Iranian aid to the regime has been continuous and much more substantial . Western policy in Syria projects weakness , hesitation and lack of strategy while Russia and Iran have shown strength , resolve and their policy is part of a wider strategy in confrontation with the U.S. . The U.S. was also pressuring its own regional allies like Turkey , Saudi Arabia and other Gulf countries to restrain their support for the opposition mainly on the grounds that a military solution was impossible . Iranian and Russian assistance It is difficult to accurately estimate the Iranian and Russian contributions . The European Council on Foreign Relations report on Syria 's war economy mentions financial help of up to $ 5.8 billion in the form of cash and oil supplies in mid 2011 and two credit facilities in 2013 worth a combined $ 4.3 billion . Burhan Ghalioun , the former head of the Syrian National Council recently claimed that Iranian assistance to the regime is well over $ 14 billion so far . The figures would shoot up if military assistance could be estimated . What we know is that the Quds force , the foreign arm of the IRGC has hundreds of commanders involved in Syria . Iran also arms and trains Hezbollah in Lebanon and several Iraqi militias that are fighting in Syria and sends arms and munitions . The strain on the Iranian economy is unsustainable and there are already Iranian dissident voices blaming involvement in Syria for a large part of the country 's economic problems . Russia also provides economic and military assistance to the regime , propping up the currency and circumventing the sanctions . Syrian currency is now printed in Russia and military assistance is both technical and hardware . The balance sheet also includes billions of dollars of Western humanitarian aid that goes through the U.N. and other international organizations . The bulk of it goes to dealing with the symptoms of the war-like refugees and the rest largely goes through the regime and the regime uses it to its benefit in its surrender or starve strategy in sieges like that of Homs . The scenario is simple : the regime cuts off water , electricity , food , fuel and access ; it then proceeds to bomb the city into submission using artillery , air raids and barrel bombs . and then the UN and other international organizations who are also Western funded , help the regime and its allies to negotiate surrenders that are euphemistically called "  local ceasefires " as we have seen in Homs and in other areas recently . Difference in strategy The difference in strategy is flagrant : Iran and Russia boost military assistance to strengthen Assad 's hand in the negotiations ; while the US and the UK all but freeze support to the opposition which amounts to pressuring them to compromise in negotiations . Aaron David Miller even argues in a Foreign Policy piece that the main reason for President Barack Obama 's hesitation to assist the rebels in Syria is so as not to jeopardize his engagement with Iran under the logic that you can not talk and shoot at the same time . There may also be different perceptions of the importance of the conflict in Syria . The White House may perceive it as marginal at a time when it is shifting its interest away from the Middle East to Asia . It is thus a local conflict where you could stand aside and wait to see which side would win . Iran and Russia are playing to win and see it as a more strategic battle with objectives beyond Syria possibly against the U.S. and its global power . It may also be argued that perceived U.S. weakness can not be confined to its position in Syria . While it has disappointed its allies who feel let down ; it has at the same time emboldened its enemies who feel they can take advantage of it . Russia can thus think it can get away with bold moves in Ukraine and Iran thinks it can play the classic trick of good-cop/bad-cop where good-cop is President Rouhani with a smile and a tweet , willing to negotiate but only on the nuclear deal ; and the bad cop is General Qassem Suleimani the commander of the IRGC and has a free hand to fight against U.S. interests in Iraq , Syria , Lebanon , Afghanistan and other areas the Quds Force is active in . If anything , this is a situation similar to that in Iraq in 1991 when an uprising was encouraged by Washington , and then the U.S. and its allies stood by watching Saddam Hussein 's helicopters crush it , killing in two months as much as Bashar al-Assad has in the last three years .	The Homs truce is a consequence of failing Western support to the opposition , writes Nadim Shehadi Russia provides economic and military assistance to the Syrian regime , he says Shehadi : The situation is similar to that in Iraq in 1991 when an uprising was encouraged by Washington
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two airmen on a U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle died when the plane crashed in eastern Afghanistan early Saturday , the U.S. military said . A U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle similar to this one crashed Saturday in eastern Afghanistan . The two-man fighter went down while it was conducting military operations , another source , Lt. Col. Reid Christopherson , said earlier . "  At this time , we are very comfortable in stating there was no hostile fire in the incident , " Christopherson said . He added that a board of officers will investigate the crash of the highly maneuverable , all-weather tactical fighter . In a news release , the military said the incident occurred at 3:15 a.m. Kabul time and also noted that there was no "  hostile fire . " "  We mourn the loss of these two airmen and our thoughts are with their families , loved ones and their unit , " the news release said . "  Only after a deliberative and thorough investigation will we know what caused this event . " A spokesman for the governor of Afghanistan 's central Ghazni province , who goes by the single name Jihangir , confirmed that a U.S. plane crashed in Ghazni 's Nawur district before dawn . "  The crash site was sealed off by coalition forces , " Jihangir told CNN by telephone , "  Afghan police were not allowed to have access to this area . " The Afghan official said the plane crashed in Ghazni , some 160 kilometers west of the town of Ghazni , between the communities of Qaracha and Bahari . The jet crash comes in a bloody month in Afghanistan . July 's toll of international military fatalities stands at 50 , the highest tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Air Force F-15 Eagle crash kills both crew members , U.S. military says Crash was not caused by hostile fire , Pentagon spokesman says Afghan police prevented from going to crash site , local official says
CNN  -- Chicago is the third-largest U.S. city , home to nearly 3 million people and the gateway to America 's heartland . Like many other cities , it 's working hard to combat violent gangs that make it dangerous to grow up in certain neighborhoods . Things may be turning around under Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy : Murders have dropped under his leadership . And he says the city 's violent reputation is "  way overblown . " Tackling Chicago 's ` crime gap ' Still , Chicago struggles to create a safety net for those whose daily lives are affected by the intractable inner-city violence . Politicians , teachers , community activists and other residents are all addressing different facets of this issue in CNN 's original series "  Chicagoland . " Here are some of the organizations featured in the CNN series that you can help to make Chicago a safer , stronger city : 1 . Program to keep kids off the streets Soccer , theater , creative writing , culinary arts -- these are much better alternatives for high school children who might otherwise be on the streets between the time they get out of school and their parents come home from work . These activities are part of a program called After School Matters , set up in 1991 by Maggie Daley , the late wife of former Mayor Richard M. Daley . After School Matters raises money by selling some of the art made by teenagers in the after-school programs : The program has had an impact on more than 100,000 teens since its inception , according to its website . 2 . Stronger schools and students Chicago 's public schools educate more than 400,000 children and , like a lot of school systems across the country , they 've had to do it with a lot less money in recent years . If you 've seen CNN 's "  Chicagoland , " you know that the city 's schools -- particularly Fenger High School , which is featured in the series -- are often the only chance many young people have to create a better future . You can help the school system with as little as $ 10 through the Children First Fund : The Chicago Public Schools Foundation . To help Fenger specifically , you can donate to Billy Dec and Juanita Jordan 's fund-raiser for the school . 3 . Theater and music It 's no surprise that Chicago has a thriving arts scene . Yet the world-class museums , theaters and concert halls might as well be a world away for many residents . To change that , several organizations are bringing the arts scene to all of Chicago . Teens in the diverse Albany Park neighborhood can channel their artistic expression onstage at the Albany Park Theater Project . For future singers , the Chicago Children 's Choir offers opportunities in 65 schools across the city to "  empower  singers to bridge cultural divides and become ambassadors of peace in their communities . " And the Chicago Symphony Orchestra 's Institute for Learning , Access and Training is helping develop the next generation of musicians across all areas of the city . 4 . Back to nature Organic produce is a rare sight in many of Chicago 's poorer neighborhoods , but one organization is not only addressing that problem -- it 's employing people in sustainable jobs to cultivate and distribute healthy fruits and vegetables . Chicago 's Growing Home organization counted down its achievements for 2013 on its blog , including distributing boxes of organic produce , training and supporting previously unemployed or underemployed Chicagoans , and raising awareness about the importance of a healthy lifestyle . 5 . Inspiration for future leaders President Barack Obama got his political start in Chicago , and there 's a good chance that another future American president is learning about civic leadership with the help of organizations such as Mikva Challenge and the Urban Alliance . Mikva Challenge , named after former U.S. Rep. Abner Mikva and his wife , Zoe , a longtime education activist , strives to "  help low-income Chicago youth become meaningful actors in politics . " The organization has trained more than 20,000 young people to learn how to participate in Chicago 's political process . It even helped Fenger High School organize a peace march , featured on "  Chicagoland . " The Urban Alliance started an internship program in 2012 , helping high school students learn key job skills and develop relationships with major business partners . All interns have graduated on time from Chicago public high schools , and nearly all are attending college . Here are a few other groups helping to make Chicago a better city : • The Beloved Community Chicago • Kids Off the Block • Ounce of Prevention Fund • Wade 's World Foundation • West Side Health Authority	Chicago 's violent reputation is "  way overblown , " police superintendent says Organizations featured in the CNN series "  Chicagoland " strive to make city better
CNN  -- Goal machine Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid won 3-2 at Real Betis in the Spanish Primera Liga on Saturday -- their 11th victory in a row . But it was far from easy for Jose Mourinho 's league leaders , who trailed to an early goal in his 100th game in charge of the Spanish giants . Jorge Molina scored on nine minutes for Betis after a superb move before Gonzalo Higuain drew Real level in the 25th minute with an empathic strike . La Liga 's top scorer Ronaldo put Real ahead after the break but Jefferson Montero grabbed a deserved equalizer before the hour mark . Ronaldo sealed the win with a close range strike in the 72nd minute with his 32nd goal of the league season . There was still time for Betis to pressure the Real goal and they had strong penalty appeals turned away in injury time as Sergio Ramos appeared to block a shot with his arm . Real Madrid lead Barcelona by 13 points but the defending champions can cut the gap to 10 with victory away to Racing Santander . Meanwhile in Serie A , AS Roma improved their chance of European qualification with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at Palermo . Fabio Borini 's eventual winner came after just three minutes as Roma moved above Inter Milan into sixth place . It was a vital win for coach Luis Enrique after their derby defeat to bitter capital rivals Lazio last week .	Real Madrid win 3-2 at Real Betis to go 13 points clear in Spain La Liga top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo grabs double Barcelona can cut the gap to 10 points with win at Racing Santander Roma improve European chances with win at Palermo
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Days before Arizona 's controversial law targeting illegal immigration takes effect , demonstrators are finalizing their plans to descend upon the state capital to show their support for or opposition to the measure . The protests will include busloads of labor union members from Los Angeles who oppose Senate Bill 1070 because they believe it promotes racial profiling , They plan to dare law enforcement in Phoenix , Arizona , to put SB 1070 to the test , according to Maria Elena Durazo , one of the organizers of the rally . "  We will not be carrying ` papers , ' " said Durazo , of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor , AFL-CIO . "  We will let them know we are coming , and we will tell them : Arrest us for being brown or black , arrest us for being suspicious . " The protesters include immigrant students , religious leaders , day laborers and members of several unions including the United Food and Commercial Workers Union , the Teamsters and the Utility Workers of America Union . But not all Latinos oppose Arizona 's law , which takes effect Thursday . Poll : One in four Americans angry over illegal immigration Jesse Hernandez is a member of the Arizona Republican Latino Association , a group that supports SB 1070 and opposes the U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit challenging it . Hernandez said Arizona 's law does nothing more than federal law already allows . He believes Durazo and her "  left-wing " supporters are simply misinformed . "  They throw out this verbiage , racist , discrimination , Nazis -- they 're just trying to drum up fear among the public , " Hernandez said . "  We live in a society that does n't read anymore , that is spoon-fed by TV . That 's why I 'm challenging them to pick up the law and read it and not believe the rhetoric that is coming out from the left . " iReport : Tell us what you think Section 2 of SB 1070 states that law enforcement can not stop a person for the sole purpose of determining immigration status . An officer can inquire about immigration status only if a person is stopped or detained on suspicion of another crime , and if there is reasonable suspicion that the person is in the U.S. illegally . Many , like Hernandez , believe that section guards against racial profiling . Read what others think about immigration reform But immigrant rights activist Angelica Salas dismisses that , citing the aggressive and controversial immigration enforcement by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . "  We 're telling you about what we know , we 've seen it over and over again , " said Salas , who represents the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles . "  Do n't tell us what 's true and what 's not when we know what we have seen and the consequence of racial profiling in Maricopa County for years , " she said . "  And what Sheriff Joe is doing is now sanctioned by the state of Arizona . " Arpaio -- who calls himself "  America 's toughest sheriff " -- has ignited controversy for his sweeps of illegal immigrants using a federal program called 287  g  that allows local law enforcement to be cross-trained by the Department of Homeland Security and work in immigration enforcement . Salas will be heading to Phoenix along with Durazo and the other busloads of protesters this week . There have been three court hearings to consider challenges to the Arizona law , including one from the Department of Justice . To date , U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton has yet to rule on the law 's fate . Read more about the court challenges Durazo said that even if there is an injunction , they will still go . She says the fight will continue until the law is repealed .	Arizona 's controversial immigration enforcement law takes effect Thursday Many demonstrations are planned to protest the law Those include a group of union members , students and religious leaders from Los Angeles There are at least three court challenges to the law
The first commercial mission to the International Space Station ended Thursday with the SpaceX Dragon capsule splashing down after a flight the company 's founder declared a "  grand slam . " The Dragon drifted beneath parachutes to the surface of the Pacific Ocean , about 560 miles off Baja California , on Thursday morning . It hit the water about a mile from its target , SpaceX founder Elon Musk told reporters . "  This has been a fantastic day , " Musk said , adding , "  I 'm just overwhelmed with joy . " He said recovery crews have reached the capsule and report it "  looks really good . " Splashdown came at 8:42 a.m.  11:42 a.m. ET  , about two minutes earlier than expected , SpaceX and NASA reported . Musk was on hand at the company 's mission control center near Los Angeles as operators monitored the descent , and called the mission a "  grand slam " in a briefing later Thursday . Splashdown came nine days after it took off on its historic mission , during which it delivered food , clothing , computer equipment and supplies for science experiments to the orbital platform and returned with about 1,300 pounds of cargo -- everything from trash to scientific research and experimental samples . The space station 's robotic arm released the Dragon at 5:35 a.m. ET . A thruster burn a minute later pushed the spacecraft away from its host , according to SpaceX , the private company that built and operates the vessel . Alan Lindenmoyer , NASA 's head of commercial space systems , said the space agency is waiting to recover the spacecraft 's cargo and will review post-flight reports . But he told Musk , "  We became a customer today . " "  We 've been waiting for this day , and it certainly is a tremendous day , " Lindenmoyer said . "  We 're looking forward now to routine , regular cargo service . " Space analyst Miles O'Brien said the flight was a demonstration of the company 's capabilities , and the spacecraft was n't carrying critical equipment or supplies . "  If none of this cargo had gone up or down , the show would have gone on , " said O'Brien , a former CNN correspondent . Its next mission , expected later this year , "  will be a for-real cargo with mission-critical items . " "  As time goes on , there will be more important stuff that will go up and down on Dragon , " he said . The Dragon 's re-entry mimicked the way Apollo capsules returned to Earth after putting men on the moon in the 1960s and 1970s , but which fell out of use during the space shuttle era . Recovery divers were waiting on boats just outside the projecting landing area , ready to secure the spacecraft and tow it to a barge with a crane to hoist the space vehicle aboard . SpaceX calls its capsule is "  the only spacecraft capable of returning a significant amount of cargo from the space station , " saying that other vehicles that deliver cargo to the International Space Station are destroyed after they leave the station . The Dragon is designed to be re-usable and ultimately , to carry as many as seven people into orbit . SpaceX Dragon triumph : Only the beginning The mission began May 22 , when a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launched the capsule into space from Cape Canaveral , Florida . NASA collaborated with SpaceX on every part of the mission and gave final authorization for the flight . Dragon reached the station Friday and was "  captured " by the station 's robotic arm . The mission , hailed by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden Jr. as a step toward a new future of private innovation in the space industry , comes as government funding of the space program decreases . It also marks the culmination of six years of preparation to bring commercial flights to the space station after the retirement of NASA 's space shuttle fleet in 2011 , which left the United States with no means of independently sending humans into space . Without the shuttle , NASA relies on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit and has limited capabilities to send supplies to the station and bring them back . Dragon fills a need in taking significant payload back and forth , current ISS astronaut Don Pettit said . NASA : The end of the galaxy as we know it ? In December 2008 , NASA announced it had chosen SpaceX 's Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon to resupply ISS crews after the shuttle 's retirement . The $ 1.6 billion contract involves a minimum of 12 flights , with an option to order more missions for additional cost , according to SpaceX . SpaceX is one of a few of private companies receiving NASA funds to develop the capability for commercial transport of astronauts into space . Musk , who founded the internet service PayPal , has said the commercial program 's fixed-price , pay-for-performance contracts make fiscal sense for taxpayers and fosters competition among companies on reliability , capability and cost . Astronaut Joe Acaba , also aboard the space station , called the mission a great first step in the commercialization of spaceflight , and Pettit agreed . "  Commercial spaceflight will blossom due to its own merits , and does n't really hinge on one mission , " Pettit said . "  It will hinge on the viability of launching many missions over a long period of time and being able to provide useful commercial goods and services in the low-Earth orbit arena . " SpaceX is now developing a heavy-lift rocket with twice the cargo capability of the space shuttle and hopes to build a spacecraft that could carry a crew to Mars .	"  This has been a fantastic day , " SpaceX founder says The return caps the first commercial flight to the International Space Station The Dragon capsule launched May 22 from Cape Canaveral , Florida It splashed down at 11:42 a.m. ET , controllers say
CNN  -- Rapper Heavy D died of a blood clot in his lung and other conditions , a coroner 's report revealed Tuesday . The rapper , famous for the 1991 hit "  Now That We Found Love , " died Nov. 8 after collapsing at his Beverly Hills home . The Los Angeles County Department of Coroner determined the 44-year-old died of a pulmonary embolism , deep leg vein thrombosis , and arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease . Heavy D , whose real name is Dwight Errington Myers , was found conscious with difficulty breathing at his home after police were called , the Beverly Hills police said . He was pronounced dead in the emergency room at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center later that day , officials said . While his hip-hop recording career began in 1987 with his group Heavy D & the Boyz , his breakthrough came in 1991 with a remake of the O'Jays ' "  Now That We Found Love . " Heavy D 's rapping was featured on Janet Jackson 's 1990 hit "  Alright . " He also rapped on Michael Jackson 's 1991 hit "  Jam , " which he performed at October 's Michael Jackson tribute show in Cardiff , Wales . He also composed and performed the theme songs several television shows , including "  In Living Color , " "  MADtv " and "  The Tracy Morgan Show . " His last album , "  Love Opus , " was released this year . Heavy D also pursued an acting career , which included mostly roles on TV shows and movies . He played a courthouse guard in the Eddie Murphy film "  Tower Heist , " released last month . Deep vein thrombosis  DVT  and pulmonary embolism  PE  are serious medical conditions that are often undiagnosed , but they are preventable , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . DVT occurs when a blood clot forms in a deep vein , usually in the lower leg , thigh or pelvis . It can happen to anyone , but there are many risk factors that increase the chances of developing the condition . Among those factors is obesity , and Heavy D was known for being overweight . PE is the most serious complication of DVT and happens when part of the clot breaks off and travels through the bloodstream to the lungs , the CDC says . People may recover from having a small clot , but a large one can stop blood from reaching the lungs and is fatal . CNN 's Alan Duke and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Heavy D also suffered deep leg vein thrombosis and other conditions He died November 8 after collapsing at his home He was famous for the 1991 hit "  Now That We Found Love "
CNN Student News  -- October 7 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan • Pakistan • Arizona Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hope you know your branches of government , 'cause they 're all showing up in today 's show . It 's Thursday ; I 'm Carl Azuz ; this is CNN Student News , bringing today 's headlines right to your classroom . First Up : War in Afghanistan AZUZ : First up , leaders in Afghanistan and Pakistan are trying to stop something that started nine years ago today : the war in Afghanistan . These leaders are getting together for meetings this week to work on ways to end the fighting . One group that 'll have to be involved in any kind of peace deal : the Taliban . That is the militant group that used to control Afghanistan when the war started back in 2001 . They 're not in power anymore ; they were kicked out by the U.S.-led coalition . But they are the ones who are fighting against U.S. , Afghan and coalition forces . Ivan Watson explains some of the challenges in getting the sides to agree . IVAN WATSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : You 've got to bridge a huge gap to get two warring parties to sit down at the negotiating table . And what you 've got right now is the Taliban insisting it will not talk peace until what it calls "  foreign occupying forces , " some 150,000 U.S. and NATO troops , leave the country . The U.S. , for its part , it says that a negotiated peace would require the Taliban to cut ties with al Qaeda , to follow the Afghan constitution , and to put down weapons . So , there 's a lot of space between these two enemies right now . The Afghan government seems to be trying to fit somewhere in between right now . Medal of Honor AZUZ : A U.S. soldier who gave his life while fighting in Afghanistan is being awarded the Medal of Honor ; that is the military 's highest honor . In 2008 , during a battle with the Taliban , Staff Sergeant Robert Miller , a Green Beret , purposely drew the enemy 's fire so that his team could get to safety . The Army says Sergeant Miller 's actions helped save his fellow Green Berets and 15 Afghan soldiers . President Obama presented the award to Sergeant Miller 's family yesterday . His parents said that they feel a sense of pride , knowing that their 24-year-old son gave his life so that others could live . Twisters in Arizona AZUZ : What you are looking at right here is the damage left behind when tornadoes hit parts of Arizona on Wednesday . At least two twisters struck near Flagstaff . Authorities say the storms derailed a train . They also damaged more than 100 houses and injured at least seven people . Officials said none of those injuries were thought to be serious . The train that was derailed , it had actually stopped on the tracks because of the tornado warning . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The legislative branch of the U.S. government is responsible for interpreting the country 's laws . Not legit ! Interpreting the country 's laws is the responsibility of the judicial branch . Extent of Free Speech AZUZ : The top part of that branch , the U.S. Supreme Court , is dealing with a case that involves the freedom of speech and the right to privacy . It all has to do with a small church that protested at the funeral of a U.S. soldier who died in Iraq . The church says it 's protesting against soldiers who , in its view , fight for a country that tolerates homosexuality . Church members argue that the freedom of speech gives them the right to express their beliefs by protesting at certain events , including funerals . The father of the soldier whose funeral was protested says his son was not gay . He argues that the protest was an invasion of privacy . The Supreme Court is n't expected to rule on the case for several months . CALM Act AZUZ : Swinging back over to the legislative branch of government . It 's responsible for making laws , as you know , you 've learned in government class . Congress is working on a law right now that could bring some CALM to TV . All right , you know how when you 're watching a show and a commercial comes on . Well , not when you 're watching CNN Student News . But , okay , the commercial comes on , and it 's way louder than the show ? That could stop . Last week , the Senate unanimously passed the CALM , or Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation Act . Basically , it says a commercial ca n't be louder than the show . If the House approves the bill later this year and President Obama signs it , it 'll be the new law . Sound Check DR. PHIL MCGRAW , HOST , "  DR. PHIL " : When you get into the internet , the problem with that is the bully does n't have to look the victim in the eye . You know , they do n't have to deal with them one on one . They do n't see the repercussions of what they 're doing . I call them keyboard bullies , you know . They can just do this stuff with great anonymity . 85 % of the time , research tells us , there 's no consequence to what they do whatsoever . Bully Free Pledge AZUZ : We 've been talking about different kinds of bullying all week long . Today , we want to talk about solutions , ways to try and stop bullying . Carol Costello visited a school in Oklahoma where students are promising to stand up against bullies . She talked to two students -- one who 's been bullied , one who bullied other people -- about why they think this is such an important issue . BEGIN VIDEO WESTERN HEIGHTS HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS : I am somebody . I can make a difference . CAROL COSTELLO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : At Oklahoma City 's Western Heights High School , students are pledging to protect the bullied . It 's especially important to Susan Le . She knows how bullying feels . Is it worse with words , do you think ? SUSAN LE , OKLAHOMA HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT : I think it is , because when I was little , like , people always said I was , like , really ugly . And it , I never knew it affected me so much . And , like , people would ask if I was a boy or a girl , and I was hurt . I never wanted that to happen and , like , it lowered my self esteem really bad . And I never wanted to go to school . COSTELLO : So , I see it hurts you . I see it hurts you so much . But you know you 're beautiful , right ? Yes . It 's the kind of pain that affects so many children . One in three kids are bullied or bully every year . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Kids being bullied do n't always tell you about it . COSTELLO : Marissa Velasco , who is also participating in Western Heights ' anti-bullying campaign , knows exactly what Simmons is talking about . In junior high school , she was a bully . Why ? MARISSA VELASCO , OKLAHOMA HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT : I do n't really know if there was a reason . It was just an easy target , I guess . COSTELLO : Is it because other kids were making fun of those kids too ? VELASCO : Yes , there was a lot of others also bullying . COSTELLO : So , sort of like a mob mentality . VELASCO : Yes . COSTELLO : When you were calling people names , did it make you feel better ? VELASCO : It 's not that it made me feel better . It 's that I knew they felt worse . COSTELLO : Susan Le , Marissa Velasco certainly know the consequences . They 're hoping to make this school year bully free . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : All right , there are a few places where you 're keeping this conversation going . From our blog , it does n't look like many of you think bullying 's gon na go away . Listen to Teddy : He thinks bullying is a part of life , and says "  we all just have to live with it . " And Francis : "  It takes a strong person to stop bullying when they see it . We need more strong people . " Something new we 're doing this year : the CNN Teachers ' Lounge . This is also on our front page , right under our blog . Here 's what some of your teachers are saying about bullying . Chrisbloom says his middle school has tried several anti-bullying programs , "  but each year , students still list bullying as the number one problem . " He says it 's frustrating that this persists . RMS Groves tells us "  the biggest issue among students is the fear of telling adults , either for fear of personal harm or getting a reputation as a tattle tale . " And Teacher 12345 suggests trying to catch bullying before it starts . "  If you see mild conflict with two students , stop that before it turns into bullying . " Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Zielke 's social studies classes at Pacelli High School in Austin , Minnesota ! What is featured on the U.S. presidential seal ? Is it : A  The White House , B  The president 's picture , C  A bald eagle or D  An American flag ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A bald eagle is front and center on the presidential seal . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Podium Malfunction AZUZ : All right , so this is a little different than what we normally do , because President Obama usually does n't show up in our Before We Go segment . You 're about to see why he is today . Watch this . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : We can not sustain ... -LSB- THUD -RSB- Oops . Was that my , uh ... ? Oh , goodness . That 's all right . All of you know who I am . AZUZ : Yes , the president suffered a podium malfunction when the presidential seal just slipped right off the front of the podium . He recovered , though . Goodbye AZUZ : And just seeing that certainly gets our seal of approval . For CNN Student News , you all know who I am . Back tomorrow , when our Friday show will be awesome . We 're looking forward to seeing you then . Bye now .	Putting together a peace deal in Afghanistan means overcoming big obstacles The U.S. Supreme Court considers a balance between privacy and free speech A victim and a former perpetrator share some of their experiences about bullying Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
A gunman opened fire outside a terminal at Manila 's main airport on Friday , killing the mayor of a southern Philippines town , two members of his family and a young child , authorities said . Striking amid the bustle of pre-Christmas travel , the attack wounded five people and caused panic among passengers caught up in the chaos . Gun crime and political violence occur with grim frequency in the Philippines . But the shooting Friday at Terminal 3 of Ninoy Aquino International Airport appeared particularly brazen . Initial reports suggested the shooting may have been carried out by more than one attacker . But police said they believe a lone gunman sprayed bullets at the mayor and his entourage before fleeing on foot and being picked up by an accomplice on a motorcycle . The dead include Ukol Talumpa , the mayor of Labangan , a town in the southern Philippines , and his wife and 28-year-old niece , said Supt. Jose Erwin Villacorte , director of the Manila region 's Southern Police District . An 18-month-old child , believed to have been struck by a stray bullet , was also killed , Villacorte said . Authorities said the shooting took place around 11:20 a.m. at the terminal 's loading bay , an area outside the airport 's security screening of passengers . It was a busy time at the airport , which handles both domestic and international flights . Police believe the mayor , who has reportedly survived previous assassination attempts , was the target of the attack , Villacorte said . Talumpa and his family had flown from the southern Philippines to Manila , where they planned to spend the Christmas holidays , Villacorte said . The mayor 's security detail , at least one of whom was wounded , had n't yet reclaimed their weapons after the flight , so they were unarmed when the attack took place , he said . Jose Angel Honrado , the general manager of Manila International Airport Authority , said flights have n't been disrupted and the airport is operating as normal , except for the specific area where the shooting happened . The people wounded in the attack have been taken to a medical center for treatment , he said . Villacorte said police were still gathering information in their investigation into the case . The official Philippines News Agency reported that Talumpa had previously survived an assassination attempt in Manila in 2010 and a grenade attack in 2012 in Zamboanga del Sur , the province where Labangan is situated on the southern island of Mindanao . The Philippines is plagued by political violence . Some political clans control private armies . The deadliest outbreak of politically motivated violence in recent history took place in 2009 in Maguindanao province on Mindanao . The wife and sister of a political candidate and 30 journalists were among the dozens of victims who were shot and buried in a mass grave . Philippines authorities say there were more than 1.2 million registered firearms in the country last year and estimate there were another 600,000 unlicensed firearms in circulation nationwide . The Philippines is currently estimated to have a population of about 106 million people .	Police say they believe the shooting was carried out by a lone gunman An 18-month-old child is among the dead , they say The mayor of a southern Philippine town , his wife and niece were also killed Five people were wounded in the attack outside the airport terminal building
CNN  -- Now that 33 miners who have been trapped in the earth for 19 days have been found alive , the focus is shifting to their physical and mental health as they face a potentially long period before being rescued . Chile is calling on experts from space and sea to consult on how to maintain the psychological well-being of a group of men crammed into a small space . Experts from NASA and Chilean navy submarine experts have been called to help , Mining Minister Laurence Golborne said Tuesday . The miners have been trapped inside the San Jose copper and gold mine since an August 5 cave-in . A probe over the weekend reached the miners , who survived inside a shelter some 2,300 feet underground . Officials have estimated that it could take three to four months to reach the miners . So far , authorities have spoken with the miners via microphone , but have not disclosed to them their lengthy prediction for a rescue . "  We have still not told them the timetable , but we are sure that as miners , they know this will take a long time , " Health Minister Jaime Manalich said . As it is , relief such as food and nutrients will also be reaching the miners in small amounts . Manalich said that the miners will likely not be given solid food for five days . Instead , authorities will send down fluids , liquid proteins and liquid vitamins . The strategy is a precaution , Manalich said , as doctors do not know the exact health of the miners . So far , however , the diagnosis looks good , he said . None of the men suffered major injuries , though some have minor injuries , Manalich said . Some of the miners reported eye irritation from the dust . Health officials are designing an exercise program and light work to keep the trapped miners physically and mentally active , Manalich said . On Monday , the trapped workers cheered , applauded and sang the country 's national anthem in their first verbal contact with officials . Several of Chile 's top officials gathered around a white telephone outside the mine as the miners ' voices crackled through the speakers in an emotional conversation that was also broadcast on television . "  We are listening all of us , strong and clear . Who 's speaking ? ... How are you doing ? " said Golborne , according to CNN Chile . Miner Luiz Urzua responded : "  We are well and hoping that you will rescue us . " The miners cheered as officials informed them that their family members had been keeping vigil outside the mine , CNN Chile reported . The San Jose mine is near the town of Copiapo , in the Atacama region in northern Chile . "  Yesterday , all of Chile celebrated in all the plazas of the country that we had made contact with you . Today they are going to be even happier that we have spoken , " Golborne said . The miners survived for more than 17 days by sharing small amounts of tuna and mackerel that were in a shelter , along with water , President Sebastian Pinera told CNN en Espanol on Monday . "  They had very little food , " he said . "  They told us they ate tuna and mackerel every other day , and that they shared ... a jar of peaches among the 33 . " The area where the miners find themselves is about 50 square meters  538 square feet  , Pinera said . He described the shelter as a type of cavern where they had access to an area called the "  workshop , " where they found batteries for light and water for consumption . Pinera estimated the temperatures where the miners are hover between 32-35 degrees Celsius  90-95 degrees Fahrenheit  . "  They 've got the immediate problem of getting supplies and food to these individuals who have been trapped for 18 days now . ... They 've got to satisfy their basic needs , " he said . "  Then , they 've got the secondary problem , longer-term problem , of drilling down a 28-inch , 30-inch hole and getting it down 2,500 feet in very unstable rock conditions . And to do that , in order to make it successful , they have got to go slow . And that 's the problem , is that despite the fact that everybody wants to rush , the fact is they have to use a slow drill in order to try to stabilize and get stable the hole so that they can , in fact , pull people out from that entrapment underground , " McAteer said . McAteer told "  American Morning " the mental and emotional components of the miners ' entrapment may be difficult to overcome . "  How do you come up with things for them to do and arrange things so that they can get their attention diverted from just sitting there waiting ? That 's going to be the real challenge for the Chileans and for the rescuers , " he said . "  I think the fact that they 've made it these 18 days is very , very positive . But the euphoria of making contact with the surface is going to last a couple days and then it is going to be a long slope . " McAteer added that the Chilean government and counselors were helping the "  resilient " miners , but modern technology could be the biggest boon to the caged miners ' mental health . "  I see no reason why you could n't pass cellphones down to them or computers , tethered down to them . We 're in a new day . There 'll need to be -- something will need to be done to divert their attention , " he said . Chile 's mining minister reiterated Monday that those responsible for the cave-in will be prosecuted , a point also made a few minutes later at a separate event by the Chilean president . "  We will investigate and punish those who are responsible , " Pinera said . Family members had cheered Sunday when Pinera held up a handwritten note pulled from the mine . The note was tied to a probe authorities had lowered earlier Sunday . Written in Spanish in red ink , it said simply : "  We are fine in the shelter , the 33 of us . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	NEW : The focus is on miners ' physical and mental health NEW : Chile asks for experts from its navy and from NASA Former U.S. mine safety chief says two problems exist : supplies and rescue Authorities say it could take months to rescue miners
CNN  -- Wimbledon have confirmed plans to hold an exhibition event on Centre Court to test conditions under the new roof ahead of next year 's tennis championships . Wimbledon first unveiled plans for a retractable roof over Centre Court in 2004 with capacity increased to 15,000 . The special one-off event has been scheduled for Sunday , May 17 , just over a month ahead of next year 's Championships where Rafael Nadal defends the title for the first time . Former British number one Tim Henman , four times a semifinalist at the grass-court grand slam and a member of the All England Club , has been lined up to play . The club 's chief executive , Ian Ritchie , explained the need for a pre-tournament event : "  The key thing for the new roof is the atmospherics and humidity conditions , " he told BBC Radio Four on Tuesday . "  We need to get 15,000 people inside to test the humidity . It 's a roof over a grass court and it 's not like a football or rugby pitch , we need it to be absolutely bone dry . "  We have to test the air conditioning and playing surface as well . " Former champion John McEnroe is also being lined up to make a sentimental return to Centre Court . "  We are looking to put together a good raft of people to come and play . "  We will probably put several matches on as we want to put on a day of entertainment and enjoyment to try to get a maximum crowd to come and see it , " said Ritchie . Wimbledon first announced plans for a retractable roof over Centre Court in 2004 , with the redevelopment increasing the capacity to 15,000 . It will mean an end , on Centre Court at least , to the famous Wimbledon rain delays , which have frustrated spectators and players alike over the years , arguably costing Henman his best chance of Wimbledon glory in 2001 when he lost a protracted semifinal to eventual winner Goran Ivanisevic .	Wimbledon to test new roof over Centre Court with special event in May Former British number one Tim Henman and John McEnroe lined up to play New roof will house increased 15,000 capacity on most famous court in tennis
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , who took his renewed pitch to cut taxes for the middle class to Iowa Tuesday , and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney ratcheted up the tense back and forth over outsourcing work overseas in an appeal to those hit hardest by the economic downturn . At its core , the debate is a fierce battle to win the support of middle class voters -- especially those in battleground states . The Obama campaign continued hammering Romney over his private equity firm , Bain Capital , which "  owned companies that were pioneers in the practice of shipping work from the United States to overseas call centers and factories making computer components , " according to a television advertisement released Saturday . Obama 's campaign has also been forcefully pushing a Washington Post report that calls Romney 's former private equity firm , Bain Capital , a "  pioneer " in outsourcing jobs overseas . The campaign has made the report a focal point of its ads against Romney , and the president frequently mentions it in his stump speeches . Romney and the GOP have spent the past few days fighting back against the Obama campaign 's line of attack that when the former Massachusetts governor was at Bain Capital he outsourced jobs overseas to the detriment of middle-class American workers . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , who was also in Iowa as part of a GOP strategy of "  bracketing " the president 's public appearances in battleground states , unveiled a new website , called ObamanomicsOutsourced.com , which the RNC said shows instances where the president 's policies have led to job creation overseas . Romney addressed the issue during a stop in Grand Junction , Colorado . "  It is interesting that when it comes to outsourcing that this president has been outsourcing a good deal of American jobs himself by putting money into energy companies -- solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States , " Romney said . "  If there 's an outsourcer-in-chief , it 's the president of the United States , not the guy who 's running to replace him . " In response , Obama 's campaign said : "  President Obama has fought continuously to end tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas , fostered incentives for companies to bring jobs back to America and doubled the rate of trade enforcement actions we 've taken against China to ensure an even playing field for American workers , " the statement read . In addition to Priebus ' event , Romney 's campaign is also pointing to a new story in The Washington Post that details criticism of Obama for allowing domestic jobs to shift overseas . "  American jobs have been shifting to low-wage countries for years , and the trend has continued during Obama 's presidency , " states the article , published online Monday night . During his campaign rally in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , a state the president won by 10 points in the 2008 election , the president held a roundtable discussion with an Iowa family and then talked about middle-class tax relief at a campaign event . That message included a call to pass a one-year extension of the Bush-era tax cuts for households making less than $ 250,000 a year and let cuts for wealthier Americans expire . "  We 're going to have two choices in this election . And one choice is to take us down a path of top-down economics and an approach that says if we do good for folks at the very top , somehow everybody benefits , " Obama told the crowd . "  And my vision , which says , when we grow best it 's because our middle class is doing well and everybody who 's fighting to get into the middle class . " Obama 's renewed push to extend the tax cuts also serves to steer the conversation from Friday 's news of relatively stagnant job growth rate and an unemployment rate of 8.2 % . The mission for both candidates , political experts say , is to frame their messages in a way that makes it clear each empathizes with the plight of those who are struggling to make ends meet . Facing a tough re-election fight against Romney , the Obama campaign seeks to frame the contest as a debate between the president 's goal of restoring middle-class opportunity versus GOP policies that it says would primarily benefit corporations and wealthy Americans . For Obama that message is , " ` We 're coming back . We 're producing jobs and we 're trying to restore fairness , ' " said Robert Lehrman , who was a speechwriter for dozens of Democratic political figures , including former Vice President Al Gore , and is author of "  The Political Speechwriter 's Companion . " Romney 's challenge is to shake the image of a wealthier , disconnected business executive and convince voters that his experience as a leader in his field gives him the qualifications to be the nation 's leader . For Romney the message is , "  There are too many people out of work and it 's terrible , " Lehrman said , adding that Romney needs to make clear that he "  feels for the people who are having a hard time . " A recent CNN/ORC International poll conducted June 28-July 1 , with 1,517 adult Americans , including 1,390 registered voters , also indicates that while voters are divided on whether Obama or Romney would do a better job on the economy , Romney holds an edge among crucial independent voters in the race for the White House . Forty-eight percent of registered voters say the president would better handle the economy , with 47 % saying Romney would do a better job . President Obama 's re-election team is working overtime to paint Romney as someone who is rich and out of touch . The campaign has kept up the attacks on Romney over what is described as his lack of transparency . A new Web video released by the Obama campaign Tuesday claims that the presumptive GOP presidential nominee is "  defying calls to release more than one year 's worth of tax returns . " And at a Las Vegas speech for the National Council of La Raza convention , a large Latino civil rights group , Vice President Joe Biden continued the campaign 's recent blitz against Romney over reports of his offshore investments . In January , Romney released his tax returns for 2010 and an estimate for 2011 . Federal campaign law does not require candidates to release tax returns , but it does require candidates to file annual financial disclosure paperwork , which Romney has done . However , the Obama re-election team often points to Romney 's father , the late George Romney , who released 12 years of tax returns when he ran for president in 1968 . "  His son has released one year of his tax returns . Making a lie of the old adage : Like father , like son , " Biden said . As the campaigns continue the messaging slugfest , there are some pitfalls they must avoid , Lehrman said . "  The worst thing for Obama to do would be to sound apologetic all the time or to say we have n't done all that we wanted to do , " Lehrman said . For Romney , the worse thing "  would be to concede too much to what the administration has done . But I do n't think there 's any chance Romney would do that . " CNN 's Becky Brittain , Tom Cohen , Ashley Killough , Paul Steinhauser and Jessica Yellen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama , Romney argue over who sent more jobs overseas Obama 's pitch to middle-class voters continues in Iowa GOP and Democrats are fighting to appeal to middle class voters Both campaigns must avoid political pitfalls in the messaging battle
LONDON , England  CNN  -- More than half of children taking antiviral drug Tamiflu suffer side-effects such as nausea , insomnia and nightmares , UK researchers have said . Anti-viral drug Tamiflu caused nausea , insomnia and nightmares among some children studies show . Two studies from experts at the Health Protection Agency  HPA  showed a "  high proportion " of British schoolchildren reporting problems after taking the anti-viral drug . Data was collected from children at three schools in London and one in south west England who were given Tamiflu earlier this year after classmates became infected . The studies by HPA experts were carried out in the early stages of the epidemic between April and May , when everyone sharing a classroom with a child who developed swine flu was given the drug , even if they showed no symptoms . Their research , published in the Eurosurveillance scientific journal , looked at side-effects reported by 11 and 12-year-old pupils in one school year in a secondary school in south west England . A total of 248 pupils took part in the study ; their school was closed for 10 days after a pupil there contracted swine flu during a holiday in Mexico , researchers said . Seventy-seven percent of these children took the full course of Tamiflu , according to researchers . The report said : "  Fifty-one percent experienced symptoms such as feeling sick  31.2 percent  , headaches  24.3 percent  and stomach ache  21.1 percent  . " One of the studies found that evidence of side-effects prompted UK ministers to change the policy so only confirmed or suspected cases were prescribed Tamiflu . The second study , also published by Eurosurveillance , looked at 103 children . The research found that 53 percent of children at three London schools had one or more side effects . The most common side effect was nausea , with 29 percent of the pupils complaining of this . Another 20 percent of those questioned by researchers complained of stomach pain or cramps , while 12 percent had problems sleeping , the study found . Almost one in five  18 percent  of the children reported a "  neuropsychiatric side effect , " such as poor concentration , inability to think clearly , problems sleeping , feeling dazed or confused , bad dreams or nightmares and "  behaving strangely , " researchers said . The UK 's Department of Health said in a statement : "  The European Union regulatory position remains that no causal association between Tamiflu  or Relenza  and an increase in neuropsychiatric events has been established . " Reports from Japan , where Tamiflu has in the past been widely-used against seasonal flu , has linked the drug in rare instances with unusual neurological and psychiatric disturbances in children , according to media reports . Japan is now advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19 after its own studies revealed people reporting psychiatric symptoms , according to media reports . A spokeswoman for pharmaceutical company Roche , which manufactures Tamiflu , told CNN : "  Abnormal behavior is recognized to occur in patients with influenza virus infection including those taking and not taking antiviral drugs . "  Following extensive investigations , no mechanism has been identified by which Tamiflu could contribute to such events . Following a review by an FDA advisory committee in the US , the labels for both Relenza  zanamivir  and Tamiflu have been updated to inform physicians that influenza can be associated with a variety of neurologic and behavioural symptoms . "	Researchers say more than half of children who took Tamiflu suffered side-effects Among reactions were nausea , nightmares and insomnia in Japan is advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI preached and greeted well-wishers Sunday , three days after breaking his wrist in a fall . The pope celebrates mass with his broken wrist in plaster . He held the text of his speech in his uninjured left hand , then circulated among the crowd who came to hear him in Romano Canavese , pictures from the northern Italian town showed . The 82-year-old pope had surgery on his right wrist after he fell Thursday night , spokesman Father Federico Lombardi told CNN on Friday . The pope is "  learning " to live with his cast , Lombardi told Vatican Radio . The most painful aspect of the incident for Benedict is having to give up writing by hand , which he had intended to do frequently during his annual vacation Italy 's Val d'Aosta region , Lombardi told the official Vatican station . "  I know that here , too , in the Ivera region , many families are facing economic hard times due to a lack of work , " he said , referring to the now-defunct Olivetti typewriter manufacturer in the region . "  Dear friend , do not be discouraged , " he added , according to Agence-France Presse . "  Providence always helps those who do the right thing and seek justice ; it also helps those who think not only of themselves , but also think of those in worse situations than their own . "	Pope preaches and greeted well-wishers , three days after breaking his wrist Benedict XVI had surgery on his right wrist after he fell Thursday night Most painful aspect for pope is having to stop writing by hand , spokesman says
CNN Student News  -- April 20 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day How does a viewer 's age affect how the viewer responds to a media story about a historic anniversary ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . When was Tax Day 2012 , this year 's deadline for most Americans to file their income taxes ? * * 2 . What city is preparing to host the Olympics this summer ? * * 3 . Which space shuttle arrived in Washington , D.C. on Tuesday on the way to the Smithsonian ? * * 4 . What South Asian nation successfully launched a long-range missile on Thursday , April 19 ? * * 5 . What is America 's largest military aircraft ? * * 6 . In what city would you find the Sky Tree Tower , the second-tallest building in the world ? * * 7 . What letter represents a strikeout in baseball ? * * 8 . In what year on April 19 did the "  shot heard around the world " occur , marking the beginning of the American Revolutionary War ? * * 9 . What country 's prime minister is Julia Gillard ? * * 10 . Coach Pat Summitt will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her accomplishments in what sport ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Five people were killed Thursday after a man tried to attack the Dutch royal family during a Queen 's Day celebration by crashing his car near the royal family 's bus , Dutch police said . A car is pictured after crashing into the crowd waiting for the visit of the royal family in Apeldoorn . Authorities are not releasing the name of the man , but said they have charged him with with trying to attack the royal family . Twelve people were injured in the incident in the Dutch town of Apeldoorn , about 45 miles east of Amsterdam , police spokeswoman Esther Naber told CNN . Crowds had lined the streets to see Queen Beatrix and her family ride by in an open-top bus during the Netherlands ' annual holiday . As the bus moved along , a black hatchback zoomed past it . The crowds were behind barriers off the road , but security officials and journalists , including many cameramen , were in the road as the car went by . The car crashed into the low metal railing around a column on the side of the road . The vehicle appeared heavily damaged even before the crash , but the reason for that was unclear . There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time , Naber said . Members of the royal family saw the crash and gasped , then quickly sat down as the bus continued driving . The driver is in the hospital , badly injured , Naber said . He is among the five seriously hurt -- three men and two women . Queen 's Day is a national holiday in the Netherlands , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba . The tradition started in 1885 and celebrates the birthday of the queen . Although Queen Beatrix 's birthday is January 31 , she officially celebrates her birthday April 30 , according to the Dutch government . Queen 's Day is known for its free market all over the country , where anybody is allowed to sell things in the streets . Other activities include children 's games and musical performances . Were you there ? Send us your video , images The day is marked with the color orange all over the country as a reference to the colors of the royal family , who come from the House of Orange-Nassau .	NEW : Five people killed and five badly injured in incident in Dutch town of Apeldoorn Car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying Queen Beatrix of Netherlands Driver , among the badly hurt , is charged with trying to attack Dutch royal family
London  CNN  -- For all the recent scaremongering about the viability of an independent Scotland , it 's easy to understand why the chance to reclaim a country 's sovereignty offers its citizens an exciting prospect . Scotland is , after all , culturally distinct from the rest of the British Isles . And for those Scots aged 16 and 17 , who will be given the vote for the first time , the opportunity of creating their own Scottish identity after three centuries of largely English rule must certainly have its own idealistic appeal . But Scotland 's bid for freedom will ultimately come down to money -- namely which currency it would use as an independent country . Scotland has four options -- each with their own risks and unknowns . Those who want the country to vote "  yes " for independence have made clear they wish to keep the pound with the UK 's blessing , in a move that would keep the nation inside a stable currency union and also give it a say on interest rates . However this idea has been staunchly rejected by both the British government and the Bank of England , which presumably would be loath to backstop Scotland 's massive banks without having a say on their loan books . A separate Scotland could use the UK 's currency without its consent -- much in the way that Panama employs the U.S. dollar and similar to how Ireland once pegged itself to the pound . But this strategy could be fraught with dangers . Why ? Because Scotland would have no say over borrowing costs that might be out of step with its economic cycle . If Scotland ca n't keep its place in its existing monetary bloc , it could try to find a place in another one . If the country goes it alone , it can sign up for the euro but Brussels has made it clear that Scotland would have to apply for EU membership first , joining the queue behind places like Serbia and Kosovo . Moreover , independence agitators in Spain 's semi-autonomous provinces like Catalonia would n't make Madrid look favorably on giving Scotland a spot inside the EU . And -- given the pain we 've seen in countries like Spain -- no one knows if the euro will still be around by the time that Scotland does eventually make it into the club . Perhaps the best option for a prosperous Scotland , in the long run , would be the creation of its own currency . Suggestions that have been put forward include reviving the Scottish Ryal -- a coin struck to commemorate Mary Queen of Scots ' marriage -- or reintroducing the Groat , in circulation during James III 's time . Having their own money would n't just give the Scots the full independent identity they crave , it would also give them the financial flexibility a nascent state would need . Still , establishing its worth would be tricky . What 's more , Scottish people would have to be convinced of its true worth . And , with almost $ 200 billion of debt on the line , markets would have to be confident in the country 's fiscal planning to lend to it at decent rates . Either way , the value of a new Scottish currency would initially be extremely weak , hitting the people in the pocket first as goods get more expensive . Which is why big names like the ratings agency Standard & Poor 's and the French bank Societe Generale have suggested that although a "  Yes " vote could create a successful Scotland in the long term , for now , a swift , sharp recession could ensue . At least five major banks have drawn up contingency plans to move their legal entities south , with billions under management at stake . Ironically money and politics are supposed to go hand in hand . But when it comes to the Scotland 's future as an independent land , they may have to go in opposite directions . Read more : Scotland 's vote on independence -- what you need to know Opinion : Scottish ` Yes ' vote will see democracy reborn Opinion : Scotland , you want out ? We 'll take your place	Scotland 's bid for freedom will ultimately come down to which currency it would use , Nina dos Santos writes Scotland has four options -- each with their own risks and unknowns It could keep on using the pound -- with or without the UK government 's blessing It could also seek to join the euro or create its own currency
CNN  -- The big draw to this year 's "  Doctor Who " Christmas special was the Doctor meeting Santa , but as usual , there ended up being a lot more to it than that . First thing 's first , Nick Frost was brilliant casting in one of the best portrayals of Santa ever . And the story -- which involved dreams within dreams -- was classic "  Who , " slyly acknowledging the fact that it was also paying tribute to "  Alien " and "  The Thing From Another World . "  "  There 's a horror film called ` Alien ' ? " the Doctor asked in shock . "  That 's really offensive . No wonder everyone keeps invading you . " But the biggest question hanging over all was where things stood between the Doctor and Clara . As showrunner Steven Moffat put it in a recent call with the press , "  As  the last episode  ended , they parted forever , having lied to each other , and that is where we find them again . We do n't just ignore it because it 's Christmas . " Indeed , at one point , one of the parasitic aliens convinced Clara that her dead boyfriend Danny had been alive this whole time , and her encounter with the Doctor was the dream . Her final goodbye to a dream version of Danny was heartbreaking , but it still remained to be seen if she would ever travel with the Doctor . It certainly looked as though this was it -- following a terrific Christmas moment of the Doctor flying in Santa 's sleigh -- when the Doctor saved Clara from an alien , only to find that she had aged many years . Clara fans had to have been overjoyed to see that this too was a dream , and Clara was ready to continue her journeys with the Doctor , all thanks to Santa and his signature tangerines . Fans on Twitter reacted on Christmas night in a mostly positive manner . "  That episode of Doctor Who actually made me cry ! " tweeted one fan while another tweeted " #DoctorWhoChristmas restored my spirit and has me on the edge of my seat for season 9 . All of time and space in a big blue box . Do n't argue . " Some were less than enthused . "  Alright #doctorwhochristmas , " tweeted one viewer . "  My thoughts : eh . Was I the only one hoping this would be the end for Clara ? I just want a new companion for 12 . " And yet another summed it all up with "  Recipe for #DoctorWhoChristmas : One part #Kafka , dash of #Kubrick 2 parts Ridley Scott & a side of #Capra . " .	Nick Frost makes a smashing Santa in "  Doctor Who " special There was a heartbreaking goodbye involving Clara Fans on Twitter reacted mostly in positive way , but some were less than enthused
New York  CNN  -- If a way to a man 's heart is through his stomach , then what 's true in love is true in business too . At least , it is in New York City . With some of the most upscale eateries and trendy downtown diners in the world , where you decide to take a client for lunch can be just as vital as what you talk about between bites in the Big Apple . Indeed , it 's widely believed the term "  power lunch " itself was first coined in a 1979 article by Lee Eisenberg , the then-editor-in-chief of Esquire Magazine , while writing about a new lunch scene that had popped-up in midtown Manhattan . And while the food may have changed , it seems as many deals are brokered over the buffet counter as ever before . Although individuals are generally spending less on eating out , corporate spending is currently the largest driver of growth at fine dining and casual restaurants across New York , according to American Express . Tim Zagat is the co-founder and CEO of the influential Zagat restaurant survey . He says that even during the peak of the financial crisis , lavish power lunches -- involving food bills as outlandish as the transactions on the table -- were still commonplace . "  I could tell you 30 or 40 restaurants in New York off the top of my head , where you would find a full house , and nobody is spending less than $ 100 for lunch , " he said . Suffice it to say ; the man knows a thing or two about the refined art of power lunching . So from big-spenders to penny-pinchers , here Zagat picks a spot to suit every budget . Watch Richard Quest power-lunching in New York The Four Seasons Set away from the bustle of Times Square in Midtown Manhattan , this perennially fashionable restaurant - where a plate of crab-cakes alone can set you back a cool $ 55 -- gained iconic status among Wall Street big-shots and movie producers in the high-flying days of the 1980s . According to Zagat , it 's still the only place to go if money is no object . "  $ 100 dollars for lunch ? It 's no big deal if you 're trying to make a million dollar deal , " he reasons . "  If you 're talking business and it 's going to be paid for by somebody else , really  the price  does n't make much difference . " But it 's not just the expensive fare , modernist dÃ © cor and silver-service that are set to impress , in fact it 's your fellow diners who are really the main draw . "  Everybody in the place is somebody your guest will recognise , " explains Zagat . "  Lunch there is like going through a bunch of front pages of Time magazine . " Jean-Georges For those without bottomless pockets , New York City has abundance of super-stylish eating establishments offering fine dining at an affordable price . According to Zagat , many of the city 's best restaurants are now offering pre-fixed price menus at lunchtime , aimed squarely at business people . Top of the pile , says Zagat , is the three Michelin-starred Jean-Georges , situated near to Central Park in the Trump International Hotel . For a relatively modest $ 38 , aspiring tycoons can scoff a two-course meal of sea trout and oyster scallop Carpaccio and a plate of crispy sweetbreads with spring onion and hibiscus -- to name just a few of the establishment 's signature dishes . "  I 've eaten more meals here in the last five years than at any other single restaurant , " reveals Zagat . The Standard Grill While the midtown restaurants aim for the more established crowd , downtown aims for the upcoming software titans in t-shirts and jeans . This is the "  most funky , fun area in New York , " says Zagat . At the uber-trendy Standard Grill - where mains run around $ 15 , your client is impressed - and your expense manager even more so . Situated amid the industrial chic of a former meatpacking district , the restaurant serves up a one-page "  American Bistro " menu where artisanal saucissons and hams comfortably sit alongside the Yankee staples of Ranch burgers and steaks . "  We definitely have a younger clientele - very sexy , fashionista , very cutting edge " boasts manager Michael Bailey .	New York City is enjoying a resurgence of the ` power lunch ' , where big deals are brokered over fine food The ` Big Apple ' is home to some of the world 's most fashionable restaurants , so picking the right one is essential Tim Zagat , co-founder and CEO of the esteemed Zagat restaurant survey gives us his top three choices
London  CNN  -- The security plans for the London Marathon this weekend are being reassessed after the deadly bomb blasts in Boston , London 's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . Police and race organizers said they are working closely on security for Sunday 's race . About 35,000 runners take part in the London Marathon each year , and many more people turn out to cheer them on . READ MORE : Terror at Boston Marathon : 3 dead , scores wounded "  We will be reviewing our security arrangements in partnership with London Marathon , " said event commander Chief Supt. Julia Pendry . The Metropolitan Police have "  a wealth of experience in policing a wide range of public order events across London , " she said . The London Marathon organizers said Tuesday the event "  will go ahead as originally scheduled . " "  We have reviewed and will continue to review our security arrangements with the Metropolitan Police and other authorities , " a statement on the event website said Tuesday . Chief executive Nick Bitel said : "  We want to reassure our runners , spectators , volunteers and everyone connected with the event that we are doing everything to ensure their safety . " The organizers said Monday they were deeply saddened and shocked by the news from Boston . "  Our immediate thoughts are with all the people there and their families . It is a very sad day for athletics and for our friends and colleagues in marathon running , " they said in a statement . London is the next , after Boston , of the six races that make up the World Marathon Majors series . The course , which starts in southeast London , passes through some of the capital 's main business districts before finishing near Buckingham Palace . More than three-quarters of those taking part will raise money for charity . ` Robust security measures ' "  The bombings in Boston are shocking , cowardly and horrific , and the thoughts of all Londoners this morning will be with the victims , " London Mayor Boris Johnson said in a statement Tuesday . "  Boston is a proud city built on history , tradition and a real sense of community . These attacks were aimed at its core , at innocent men , women and children enjoying a spring day out at a major sporting event . "  We do have robust security measures in place for Sunday 's London Marathon , but given events in Boston it 's only prudent for the police and the organizers of Sunday 's race to reexamine those security arrangements . " CNN anchor Piers Morgan tweeted : "  London marathon this Sunday - security at these events will never be the same again . " Will Geddes , managing director of threat management company International Corporate Protection , told CNN that it is "  very difficult " to secure a marathon . "  You can look at isolating particular areas and trying to secure these -- however , you are looking at a 26-mile-plus route , which often will spread across a major capital , and in terms of protecting it right along the route , it will be very , very difficult , " he said . Any potential terrorist "  will be looking for the largest number of casualties they can achieve , so the start point and the finish point will no doubt be two areas the Metropolitan Police will be focusing on and how they can secure those . " But , Geddes said , "  to a certain degree , there is only so much they can do . " One key element will be the awareness of the general public , which in recent years has played an increasing role in alerting authorities to any suspicious activities or bags left unattended , he added . A big security operation will also swing into place on Wednesday for the funeral of Margaret Thatcher , Britain 's first woman prime minister . The Metropolitan Police have said parts of the transport network will be closed down and there will be a large military and police presence on the streets as the funeral procession passes through central London . Last summer , authorities successfully implemented a huge security plan to keep the city safe during the London Olympics . READ MORE : Report : 8-year-old boy killed in Boston Marathon blasts identified READ MORE : Witness : ' I saw blood everywhere ' READ MORE : Apartment searched , but no suspect yet in bombings CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We want to reassure runners , spectators , volunteers " about safety , says event CEO Organizers of the London Marathon say it will take place as planned Sunday London mayor says "  robust security measures " are in place for the event Tens of thousands of people take part in the race each year , cheered on by many more
CNN  -- American golfer Anthony Kim hopes to be fit for the prestigious Ryder Cup teams event in October after deciding to have a thumb operation that will rule him out for up to three months . Kim , who is second on the U.S. Ryder Cup points list behind Phil Mickelson , pulled out of this week 's Players Championship at Sawgrass due to shoulder complications caused by the problem . The world No. 11 , who helped the United States beat Europe in 2008 to reclaim the trophy , had an operation in Maryland , Baltimore on Wednesday . "  While I had hoped to be able to continue to play through the injury , compensating for it was starting to cause other issues , including a sore shoulder . We had to get it fixed , " the 24-year-old said in a statement . Kim claimed his first PGA Tour title in two years when he won the Houston Open last month despite being troubled by the torn thumb ligament , and then finished third at the Masters . However , he will now miss the second major tournament of the golf season , the U.S. Open in June , and possibly also the third -- the British Open in July . But he should have plenty of time to get fit for the Ryder Cup , which was first staged in 1927 , at the Celtic Manor club in Wales on October 1-3 . Kim tied for seventh at the Quail Hollow Championship last weekend , where he revealed how much he wanted to be ready to take on the Europeans again . "  I want to play in the Ryder Cup , and that 's a huge goal of mine , " he told reporters . "  It was probably one of the greatest moments I 've had playing golf , or greatest weeks I 've had playing golf , playing for the U.S. , dreaming about being on that team . So I want to be healthy for that . I just want to time it right . " Kim 's surgeon , Dr. Thomas Graham , said he was pleased with how the operation went . "  Anthony sustained a high-grade partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament of his left thumb several months ago , and over the course of the last several months of tournament play , the status of the ligament proved insufficient for Anthony to compete on Tour , " the chief of the National Hand Center in Baltimore said . "  I was extremely pleased with how the repair of the ligament went and would anticipate that Anthony will be able to return to play in 10-12 weeks . "	Anthony Kim will be sidelined for 10-12 weeks after deciding to have thumb operation American golfer hopes to be fit for Ryder Cup teams event in Britain in October He won Houston Open last month and finished third at Masters despite his injury Kim helped the U.S. reclaim the Ryder Cup from Europe with victory at home in 2008
President Barack Obama said Sunday that the United States "  ca n't accept " last week 's killing of 12 people at Washington 's Navy Yard as "  inevitable , " but the shooting should instead "  lead to some sort of transformation " on gun violence in the United States . "  It ought to be a shock to all of us , as a nation and as a people , " Obama said at the Marine Barracks , just a few short blocks from the Navy Yard . "  It ought to obsess us . It ought to lead to some sort of transformation . " The president said during his speech that grieving with the families impacted by mass shootings is something he has had to do five times in his presidency , citing shootings in Fort Hood , Texas ; Tucson , Arizona ; Aurora , Colorado ; Newtown , Connecticut ; and now the Washington Navy Yard . "  Part of what wears on as well is the sense that this has happened before , " Obama said . "  What wears on us , what troubles us so deeply as we gather here today , is how this senseless violence that took place in the Navy Yard , echoes other recent tragedies . " The president continued : "  Sometimes I fear there is a creeping resignation ... that this is somehow the new normal . We ca n't accept this . " Twelve people were killed and eight were wounded when Aaron Alexis , a Navy contractor , entered the sizable naval instillation in Washington and opened fire in Building 197 . The victims , whose ages ranged from 46 to 73 , all worked at the Navy Yard and many were gunned down as Alexis shot at them from above in the Navy building . The issue of gun violence has dominated much of Obama 's second term in office , with a concerted effort to strengthen gun laws coming after 26 people -- including 20 children -- were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown in December 2012 . ` There 's a guy slaughtering people with a shotgun ' The push , however , eventually failed , with the lawmakers on Capitol Hill failing to pass any laws tightening gun restrictions . Groups including the National Rifle Association and Gun Owners of America vociferously protested the proposed changes . In response to last week 's shooting at Navy Yard , most gun-control advocates were resigned to the fact that not much in the of legislative changes would be made in response . "  We do n't have the votes , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a supporter of gun control , on Tuesday . "  I 'd like to get them but we do n't have them now . " The NRA , in response to the shooting , on Sunday suggested more armed guards at military installations . Obama attempted to take what he saw as acceptance of gun violence head on , worrying that mass shootings could not become the "  new normal . " "  I do not accept that we can not find a common-sense way to preserve our traditions including our basic Second Amendment freedoms and the rights of law-abiding gun owners while at the same time reducing the gun violence that unleashes so much mayhem on a regular basis , " Obama said , pointing to the fact that other countries , like Great Britain and Australia , lowered gun violence by restricting access to guns after mass shootings rocked their country . Throughout much of the speech , the president acknowledged a hesitance in Washington to fight over gun laws and , instead , said change would need to come because of the American people 's desire for it . Who were the victims ? "  It may not happen tomorrow , it may not happen next week , it may not happen next month , but it will happen , because it 's the change that we need , " the president said . Obama also used the speech to give a glimpse into the life of each of the 12 victims , mentioning everything from Arthur Daniels ' love of polishing his white Crown Victoria to John Johnson 's last words to his wife : "  Good-bye , beautiful . I love you so much . " "  Our tears are not enough , " he said to the families . "  Our words and our prayers are not enough . If we really want to honor these 12 men and women , if we really want to be country where we can go to work and go to school and walk our streets free from senseless violence without so many lives being stolen by a bullet from a gun , then we 're going to have to change . We 're going to have to change . " Washington , D.C. , Mayor Vincent Gray joined Obama on Sunday in calling for tighter gun laws in response to the shooting , telling the audience that "  our country is drowning in a sea of guns . " In taking the stage , Obama was stepping into a role he has become very familiar with , counselor-in-chief , and Sunday 's remarks were reminiscent , in some ways , of past speeches he has given at memorial services for mass shootings . Reframing the gun control debate : Is mental health the next focus ? Obama , however , is not the first president to play the role of counselor-in-chief . Presidents Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton were praised for the leadership they showed in the aftermath of two domestic disasters -- the space shuttle Challenger explosion in 1986 and the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 . Representatives from the military , including Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus and Vice Adm. William Hilarides , commander of Naval Sea Systems Command , also spoke at Sunday 's event . All honored the fallen by noting that they died in the line of duty , just like those killed in battle . "  These 12 members of our Navy team , our Navy family , were killed in the line of duty , they died in the service to our nation , the service to our Navy , service they were just as committed to as anyone in uniform , " an emotional Hilarides said . "  For that service , we honor them . For that service , we will never forget them . " Opinion : Tackling the military 's insider threat	Obama says U.S. "  ca n't accept " killing of 12 at D.C. 's Navy Yard as "  inevitable " "  It ought to be a shock to all of us , as a nation and as a people , " Obama says Obama honors each victim , noting some of the last things they said before they died "  Our tears are not enough , " Obama tells families of those killed
CNN  -- Malmo is a shopper 's heaven . Most stores are within walking distance of the city center , and unlike in neighboring Copenhagen , where shops are usually shut all day on Sunday , most department stores and shopping centers are open seven days a week . Select from modern and classic designs at the shop at the Form Design Center . Stock up on souvenirs at the stores around Lilla Torg . Hokeriet , an old-fashioned general store , sells a variety of collectibles and interesting gifts while hand-painted Swedish wooden clogs are a specialty of Toffelmakaren . Venture into the picturesque Gamla Vaster neighborhood and you 'll find chic boutiques like Issue  Stora Nygatan 25a  which stocks designer labels like Marc by Marc Jacobs and Rag & Bone . Fashion mavens will also want to check out the eclectic label Robert & Blad  Norra Grangesbergsgatan 4  , which is known for making well-cut clothes in good fabrics . Kit of Elsinore  Rodergatan 2  in the trendy Western Harbor neighborhood is another spot to hit for of-the-moment style . If you want the convenience of a big shopping center , you can find just about anything at Hansa  Malmborgsgatan 6  and Triangeln  Sodra Forstadsgatan 41  , which are both centrally located . If you have a weakness for shoes , check out the feminine footwear at Scardia , which recently moved from its flagship store in Master Johannsgatan to Hansa . Scandinavia is synonymous with good design and you do n't have to go far in Malmo to find examples to take home . A variety of contemporary and classic designs are on sale in the shop at the Form Design Center in Hedmanska Garden . Also check out Formagruppen  Engelbrektsgatan 8  and Olsson & Gerthel  Engelbrektsgatan 9  , which are both located nearby . Looking to spruce up your home ? David Design  Skeppsbron 3  specializes in sophisticated interior design . Design Torget  Sodra Vallgatan 3  is the perfect place to find a gift for that someone who 's impossible to buy for . The shop showcases independent designers and sells everything from unique kitchen utensils to quirky toys for kids . New items are added to its shelves every week . Take a break from your shopping extravaganza at Saluhallen , the covered market on Lilla Torg that is a tourist attraction it is own right . Stalls sell everything from sushi and kebabs to baked potatoes and bagels . If you 're into buying green , Drottningtorget is the place for you . Here you 'll find Morot & Annat , which sells everything from organically produced textiles to produce . Nearby Uma Bazaar  Ostra Forstadsg 13  stocks a wide range of fair-trade clothing produced by a women 's collective in India . ... . Malmo City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop Do you agree with our Malmo picks ? Share your comments and suggestions in the SoundOff below .	Swedish clogs and traditional wooden toys make great souvenirs If you 're in to eco-friendly shopping , head to Drottningtorget Find gifts for people who are impossible to buy for at Design Torget For fashion-forward apparel , check out local designers like Robert & Blad
CNN  Six suspects linked to terrorist activity referred to Syria and Iraq as "  the beach , " and used other coded language to avoid detection in the United States , authorities say . The Bosnian immigrants , including a husband and a wife , were arrested this month in Illinois and St. Louis , according to court records released Friday . Three of the suspects are naturalized American citizens . A federal indictment alleges they communicated via social media and conspired to send money and military equipment to terrorists in Syria and Iraq . They allegedly shipped firearms accessories , military uniforms and combat boots through intermediaries in Turkey . Suspects named in the indictment are Nihad Rosic , Armin Harcevic , and married couple Ramiz and Sedina Hodzic , all from St. Louis , along with Illinois residents Mediha Salkicevic and Jasminka Ramic . They face various charges , including conspiracy to kill , and sending money and weapons to terrorists , the indictment shows . Also named in the indictment is Abdullah Ramo Pazara , who allegedly traveled to Syria and Iraq to support terrorists . To support Pazara , the suspects sought out backers in the U.S. and used the money to purchase military supplies , which they sent to him , the indictment said . They used coded words and nicknames on social media to avoid detection , referring to each other with titles such as "  lions or Bosnian brothers , " the indictment alleges . Pazara traveled to Syria in July 2013 , and allegedly started receiving money from the defendants within a month . Shipments of military equipment soon followed , according to the indictment . Federal prosecutors indicted the six suspects this month in St. Louis County . Information on their attorneys was not immediately available .	The six suspects include a husband and wife They were arrested this month in Illinois and St. Louis , according to court records
