CNN  The dissident Russian punk band Pussy Riot has dedicated its first English-language song , "  I Ca n't Breathe , " to Eric Garner . "  This song is for Eric and for all those from Russia to America and around the globe who suffer from state terror -- killed , choked , perished because of war and state-sponsored violence of all kinds -- for political prisoners and those on the streets fighting for change , " the band said Wednesday . "  We stand in solidarity . " Garner , an unarmed black man , died in New York in July after a white police officer put him in a chokehold . A grand jury in December decided not to indict the officer , Daniel Pantaleo . Garner 's last words , "  I ca n't breathe , " became a rallying cry for protests over police treatment of minorities in the United States and inspired Pussy Riot 's latest song . The band recorded the track in New York in December , amid the protests following the grand jury decision not to indict Pantaleo . They released two different videos for the song Wednesday . One is a compilation of footage filmed at the site of Garner 's death on Staten Island . It shows memorials and demonstrations after the grand jury decision and features members of Garner 's family . "  It was a cold and militarized winter , a time of grief and outrage , " the band said . The other video shows Pussy Riot 's two highest-profile members , Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , gradually being buried in a grave . They 're wearing blue Russian riot police uniforms , which the band said was a reference to "  the violent clashes of police and the protesters fighting for change in Russia . " As clumps of soil drop onto the women 's bodies and faces , the song 's main refrain repeats over and over , "  It 's getting dark in New York City . " The camera then rises up from the filled-in grave as a voice reads a transcript of the final sentences Garner said to the police officers who approached him . That video also includes a reference to the Ukrainian conflict , showing a pack of "  Russian Spring " cigarettes in its opening moments . " ` Russian Spring ' is a term used by those who are in love with Russia 's aggressive militant actions in Ukraine , and the cigarettes are a real thing , " the band said .	The band says the track is for Garner and all those "  who suffer from state terror " One video has footage from New York protests after grand jury decision The other video shows two band members being buried in a grave
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A restless volcano in northern Indonesia erupted Friday , spewing clouds of ash as high as 2 kilometers into the sky , the country 's National Disaster Management Agency said . The authorities are warning residents to stay away from the volcano , Mt. Lokon , in North Sulawesi , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , a spokesman for the disaster management agency . A 2.5 kilometer exclusion zone had already been set up around Mt. Lokon , which had been showing signs of activity in recent days . A series of eruptions by Mt. Lokon in July prompted the evacuation of thousands of local residents . The volcano also erupted in October and December . Indonesia is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	Indonesian authorities are warning people to stay away from Mt. Lokon The volcano erupted Friday , spewing ash 2 kilometers into the sky A 2.5 kilometer exclusion zone has been set up around the volcano An eruption by Mt. Lokon in July prompted the evacuation of thousands of residents
CNN  -- After Tip O'Neill 's "  All politics is local , " Bill Clinton 's quip "  It 's the economy , stupid , " is perhaps the most oft-quoted truism of modern American politics . But as times change , we should update our aphorisms accordingly . Just four years ago during America 's presidential election , outsourcing to India and China 's currency manipulation were the bogeymen , the former blamed for the loss of jobs and the latter for the weakness of exports . But increasingly the culprit is the robot . Automation now removes as many manufacturing jobs from the economy as outsourcing . Witness the U.S. Postal Service , which will have to cut 35,000 jobs by 2015 , and how digitization has forced bookstore chains such as Borders into bankruptcy . China , once the beneficiary of offshored manufacturing , also now faces cheaper competitors in Asia and technology upgrades : Foxconn -- a subsidiary of Taiwan-based electronics supplier Hon Hai Precision Industry Co -- plans to implement more than one million robots on its assembly lines in China by 2015 . We may compete against each other economically , but we are all competing with , and against , technology . An updated vocabulary for these circumstances might include the shift from homo economicus to homo technologicus . Even economists ought to agree . Marx and Engels wrote in the Communist Manifesto that it was constant changes in the "  instruments of production " that caused "  all fixed , fast-frozen relations " to be "  swept away . " For Schumpeter , technological change was a key driver of "  creative destruction . " Technology increases drive problems that we view as political or economic in nature such as income inequality . America 's wealthiest people earn from their innovation and control of technologies , ranging from social media to high-frequency trading . If technology drives economics -- rather than the reverse -- then we should elevate the notion of geo-technology above that of geopolitics and geo-economics as well . It was around the time of then-candidate Bill Clinton 's 1992 quip about the economy that scholars of international relations began to use the now vogue term "  geo-economics . " Edward Luttwak wrote that the logic of conflict would unfold in the "  grammar of commerce . " Samuel Huntington chided his fellow political scientists for not recognizing that "  economics is the most important source of power and well-being . " Today that same statement is true of technology . Think about it : China is not a superpower today because it has about twice as many nuclear warheads as it did two decades ago . Not many people know or care how many nukes China has ; it has had them since the 1960s , yet we did n't consider China a superpower then . China 's superpower rise is directly attributable to its technological strategy of dominating low-cost manufacturing , accumulating massive surpluses and reserves , and reinvesting that cash into more advanced technologies as well as military hardware . The causal flow begins with technology . By this logic , China 's recent twelfth Five-Year Plan should be viewed as a more cogent national security strategy than anything offered by the Pentagon in two decades : it pledges $ 1.5 trillion in government support for seven "  strategic emerging industries " including alternative energy , biotechnology , next-gen IT , high-end manufacturing equipment and advanced materials . China invented none of these fields , but is putting incomparable effort into deploying them at scale . China already controls over half the world 's market in solar cells . Does the balance of power matter more , or the balance of innovation ? Even though technology has become a scapegoat in American politics , it is also widely recognized as part of the solution . The internet creates 2.6 jobs domestically for each one that is lost to automation . The new great hope for a grassroots economic revival is the advent of 3D printing , which some call the "  next industrial revolution , " for its potential to revive a nationwide DIY manufacturing movement . Small-scale prototypes can be produced in much smaller quantities , and bought and traded on increasingly popular websites like Etsy.com , which has over 15 million users and growing . Technology also enables the increasingly wide and liquid market for task bartering and skill exchanges : Amazon 's Mechanical Turk is already the world 's largest part-time workforce . The next wave of job creation could come from green construction , meaning retrofitting for low-emissions buildings and installing smart grid equipment such as solar cells and constructing wind farms . Our political discourse today obsesses over economic headlines at the expense of technological foresight . In America it passes as penetrating wisdom that Obama will be re-elected if unemployment drops below 8 % . But America 's structural unemployment wo n't be unwound by statistical sleights of hand . What every citizen and worker in the world today needs is not higher IQ or EQ but higher TQ : technology quotient . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ayesha and Parag Khanna .	Khannas : Technology now the most important source of power and well-being China 's superpower rise is directly attributable to its technological strategies , experts say Next wave of job creation could come from green construction , say Ayesha and Parag Khanna Every citizen needs a higher TQ : technology quotient
London  CNN  -- Has it really come to this ? The nation that gave us the Beatles and the Rolling Stones has decided its best hope of winning the Eurovision Song Contest is a 75-year-old crooner , who last had a hit four decades ago . Or , is the UK 's decision to pick as its entry Engelbert Humperdinck , who still has a wide following around the world , a strategic masterstroke to ride the fashion of reviving superstars from a bygone era ? Humperdinck 's main claim to fame is that his 1967 hit "  Release Me " denied The Beatles the No 1 . spot for three weeks , holding them at number two with their double A-side single "  Penny Lane " / "  Strawberry Fields Forever . " He went on to sell more than 150 million records globally and still tours , but the decision to pick him for the Eurovision , which normally showcases emerging acts , still raised eyebrows . The singer , born in India but raised in the English city of Leicester , said of his impending appearance in Azerbaijan in May : "  I 'm excited and raring to go . " But Humperdinck 's reputation is just the latest to be rehabilitated . Other stars that have become "  cool " again , years after falling out of favour , include Tina Turner , Tammy Wynette , Sandy Shaw , Dusty Springfield and even The Man in Black , Johnny Cash . Music journalist Paul Stokes , associate editor of Q magazine , says the best revivals were of artists who did not try too hard to be cool . "  I once interviewed Peter Gabriel for Q magazine and he told me he had been in and out of fashion more times then he 'd had hot dinners , so had decided the best thing to do was keep doing what he wanted and just put the blinkers . "  I think that 's the only way a true artist can have a long career in music . Rock 'n' roll is littered with unseemly and ill advised records that see their creators abandon what made them good in the first place as they chase trends and attempt to stay relevant -- old rockers doing drum 'n' bass , country singers trying to be emo , and worse . Ironically those records actually make the acts in question seem less relevant as they blatantly do n't get the trends they 're copying . " With cultural tastes and aesthetics constantly shifting , the best thing for any longstanding artist to do is stay just true to themselves , Stokes argues . "  Not only will they keep their hardcore fans -- which in a fickle musical climate is no easy thing -- but it seems with the internet seekers always looking for something new , the moment you reach your uncoolest you 're suddenly ripe for a sub-culture to come along and proclaim you their godhead . "  Just look at Johnny Cash 's career , he was the dangerous outlaw when he started , could n't get arrested in his mid-career as he became ` parents music , ' yet ended his days as the unofficial figurehead of the alt-country scene as his American Recordings albums were widely acclaimed . And they were undeniably cool indeed . And give him credit : he did n't really do anything too different musically , save change the songs he covered , which he did all his career . "  Humberdinck 's decision to do Eurovision is interesting . For a while now music journalists like me have been describing Kasabian as ` Leicester 's finest ' so perhaps he has a point to prove , but while we 're going to be hearing a lot more about him in the next few months , I do n't think Eurovision will make him ` cool ' again , if anything it might have the opposite effect . Remember this is the contest that gave us Gina G. "	UK picks Engelbert Humperdinck as its entry for Eurovision Song Contest Decision to pick him for Eurovision , which showcases emerging acts , raises eyebrows Other reputations to be rehabilitated include Tina Turner , Tammy Wynette , Sandy Shaw Music journalist Paul Stokes says best revivals were of artists who did not try too hard
CNN  -- As the country was sinking into its worst financial crisis in more than 70 years , Security and Exchange Commission employees and contractors cruised porn sites and viewed sexually explicit pictures using government computers , an SEC investigation obtained by CNN showed . "  During the past five years , the SEC OIG  Office of Inspector General  substantiated that 33 SEC employees and or contractors violated Commission rules and policies , as well as the government-wide Standards of Ethical Conduct , by viewing pornographic , sexually explicit or sexually suggestive images using government computer resources and official time , " said a summary of the investigation by the inspector general 's office . More than half of the workers made between $ 99,000 and $ 223,000 . All the cases took place over the past five years . "  It is nothing short of disturbing that high-ranking officials within the SEC were spending more time looking at pornography than taking action to help stave off the events that brought our nation 's economy to the brink of collapse , " said Rep. Darrell Issa . The Republican is a ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . "  This stunning report should make everyone question the wisdom of moving forward with plans to give regulators like the SEC even more widespread authority , " he said . "  Inexplicably , rather than exercise its existing regulatory enforcement authority , SEC officials were preoccupied with other distractions . "	SEC investigation : Dozens of employees , contractors surfed porn sites on work computers Staffers violated government-wide ethics rules , report finds Report : All cases occurred while country was teetering on verge of financial collapse
Washington  CNN  Legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline is headed back to Congress after President Barack Obama vetoed the bill Tuesday . Obama 's veto of the bill comes after a yearslong debate on the controversial pipeline which ultimately handed a legislative victory to proponents of the pipeline after Republicans took control of the Senate in January . The House and Senate may have come together to send a single piece of legislation to Obama , but do n't expect that agreement to lead to construction permits for the pipeline project that would ship crude oil from Canada to U.S. refineries on the Gulf Coast . Republicans may have enough Democratic support to clear a filibuster , but they 'll be hard-pressed to find the 67 votes to override a veto . So what 's the big fuss ? Why is this one pipeline such a contentious issue and is it really worth the fight for opponents and advocates of Keystone XL ? Let 's break it down : How long would the Keystone XL pipeline be ? TransCanada 's full-fledged Keystone Pipeline system is waiting for U.S. approval to finish construction on 1,200 miles of pipeline known as Keystone XL -- the final piece of a 3,800-mile pipeline network . Wait . There 's already a Keystone pipeline ? That 's right . Keystone XL represents just under a third of the entire Keystone project , and every other piece of pipe has been built and laid out . In fact , TransCanada 's pipeline system is already shipping hundreds of thousands of barrels of crude oil from the Canadian oil sands across the U.S. border -- and into Illinois . The current Keystone XL proposal would run the pipeline through Montana , South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas Oil sands ... that sounds familiar . That 's because oil sands are one of environmentalists ' biggest gripes over the proposed Keystone XL pipeline since extracting crude oil from the oil sands  oil + sand = oil sands  pumps about 17 % more greenhouse gases into the air than standard crude oil extraction , according to a State Department review of the project . And either way , the State Department concluded the oil sands will be developed regardless of whether the pipeline goes through . But that 's not all that 's prompted environmentalists to protest Keystone XL and deploy an inflatable pipeline on Sen. Mary Landrieu 's front yard last November when she was leading the charge to pass the bill . Environmentalists , local residents and indigenous tribes are also protesting the pipeline 's planned route , which would cut across the Ogallala Aquifer , which is one of the world 's largest . Aqui-what ? Aquifer is just a fancy term for an underground layer of porous rock trapping large deposits of water that can often be accessed through wells -- there are about 2,500 within a mile of the would-be Keystone XL route . Aquifers are a key source of fresh water , and environmentalists are concerned the pipeline could pollute those reserves . But the State Department concluded in January -- amid continued objections from environmentalists -- that the impact on water quality "  would be limited . " You said indigenous tribes were also protesting the project ? Yes . Native Americans are concerned about the societal impact of camps with thousands of construction workers living near their communities , which face a high rate of sexual assaults from non-indigenous men , representatives of the activist Wica Agli group said in an interview earlier this week . Angus King a ` no ' on Keystone XL vote And the pipeline would also run through the sovereign lands of some tribes . The Rosebud Sioux Tribe even declared that the House bill to approve Keystone XL last week amounted to a declaration of war . War ? Sounds serious . If it comes to that , will the economic benefits be worth it at least ? Depends what you consider to be "  worth it . " The State Department concluded in January the project would create about 42,000 jobs directly and indirectly during the construction phase  indirect : think commercial benefits for restaurants , shops , etc.  . That total includes 3,900 construction jobs to actually build the pipeline . Fact checking Keystone jobs claims All in all , the pipeline would inject $ 2 billion in total economic benefits , according to the State Department review . But once the construction -- which would last no more than two years -- wraps up , Keystone XL will have created just 50 permanent jobs -- the number needed to maintain the pipeline . Either way , the State Department 's conclusions seriously undercut TransCanada 's claims in 2011 that the project would create about 140,000 direct and indirect jobs . So if this pipeline goes through , what are the risks of an oil spill ? Not too high . The State Department concluded the Keystone XL proposal "  would include processes , procedures , and systems to prevent , detect , and mitigate potential oil spills . " And will the pipeline help lower gas prices in the U.S. ? Not really . The State Department said Keystone XL would have "  little impact " on domestic gas prices . Alright , so the State Department released its findings on Keystone XL 's impact in January . What 's the hold up ? The State Department concluded its review of the pipeline 's impact in January , but was waiting on a Nebraska Supreme Court case over the pipeline 's route to determine whether the pipeline project is in the U.S. national interest . That supreme court approved the pipeline 's route through the state earlier this month , and the State Department has been reviewing that decision as it makes its final determinations . The State Department said the pipeline was not in the U.S. national interest in 2011 , but TransCanada renewed its application in May 2012 after making changes to the proposed route . The State Department concluded in January 2014 that the Keystone XL pipeline would have a negligible impact on the environment The White House has insisted it will let the State Department 's process play it before Obama makes a final decision on whether or not to approve the pipeline . The State Department is expected to conclude its final review soon , once it finishes reviewing comments from various federal agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency , which urged the State Department in a February letter to reconsider the negative environmental impact the pipeline would have . Obama has said his top concern in making a decision will be "  does it contribute to the greenhouse gases that are causing climate change . " For now at least , Obama will veto the Congressional legislation and Keystone XL is facing a dim future . Why Keystone XL matters	The State Department reported the project would have minimal environmental impacts Proponents have touted economic benefits , but the proposal would generate few permanent jobs The production of oil from oil sands emits more greenhouse gases
CNN  Seventy years ago , on February 23 , two American flags were planted on the peak of Mount Suribachi , located on the Japanese island of Iwo Jima . Coming five days into one of the most ferocious battles of World War II , the first flag-raising , by a group of United States Marines , was emotional , and a Marine photographer captured it . But a U.S. commander thought the flag was too small to be seen at a distance . And so , a few hours later , five more Marines and one Navy medical corpsman carried out orders to haul a much larger flag up to the top . Again photos were shot , along with a film . No one thought to record this bit of everyday war business in the daily log . How did this second flag-raising , and not the other , come to stand not only for the heroism shown during the Battle of Iwo Jima , but the core values of the Marines , and indeed of all American combatants in World War II ? The answer is found in the power of certain images , in this case a photograph taken by Associated Press photographer Joe Rosenthal , to capture a moment but also transcend it . It might be hard today to comprehend how a single image can become iconic , exposed as we are to streams of photographs and videos every day from our news and social media feeds . But Rosenthal 's image resonated with all who saw it and was swiftly reproduced on U.S. government stamps and posters , in sandstone  on Iwo Jima , by the Seabee Waldron T. Rich  and most famously in bronze , as the Marine Corps War Memorial in Washington . The photograph won a Pulitzer Prize in 1945 and is considered one of the most famous images of all time . News : The inside story of the famous Iwo Jima photo Why this photograph , and not the one of the arguably more meaningful first flag placement , which was taken by Staff Sgt. Louis R. Lowery ? Its dynamic and masterful composition is part of the secret . The flag structures the picture , its diagonal back-leaning position contrasting with the forward motion of the soldiers . They seem to rise out of the ash and other detritus of the battlefield , and there is already something sculptural in their massed bodies , in their muscular legs and arms that strain to hoist up the heavy pole . The leg of the lead bearer crosses the flagpole , adding a further sense of solidity . There is something deeply reassuring about this photograph in its display of strength and teamwork -- even the last man , who can no longer touch the flagpole , "  has the back " of his comrades -- and its communication of a push forward to victory . The fact we can not see their faces also works to lift the image out of its original context , lending it a universal quality . In Lowery 's photograph , instead , the eye goes to the face of the wary sentinel , who guards the men who have almost completed their installation . The flag flies free and proud , and all of the soldiers are engaged intently in their task , but they are scattered around the frame . There is no one visual "  sweet spot " in this image ; it would certainly be harder to reproduce as sculpture . The gun pointed outward reminds the viewer that this is a very dangerous mission . This photo does not reassure us , but rather makes us watchful . Ironically , this picture of a historic moment of planting an American flag on Japanese soil conveys the everyday jobs of war -- guarding , standing around -- while Rosenthal 's , of a routine flag substitution , communicates an exceptional and heroic moment . In truth , both images are necessary to convey the experience of Iwo Jima , which stands today as a notable case of daring strategies of amphibious assault  U.S.  and static defense  Japanese  , examples of tenacity and teamwork , as well as failures of intelligence and devastating losses  on both sides  . What made Iwo Jima such a terrible battleground , even within the context of the many tough campaigns of the Pacific Theater ? Its primary strategic importance for the United States was as an airbase and staging area for assaults on Tokyo , while the 8.5-square-mile island took on symbolic as well as strategic meaning for the Japanese as the first national soil to face foreign invasion . The violence of this battle reflected the high motivation of most combatants , but also the particular circumstances of the island . Under the leadership of Lt. Gen. Tadamichi Kuribayashi , the Japanese prepared an extraordinary underground network of tunnels and caves in the semisoft sandstone , from which they would wage their war . When the Americans landed , Kuribayashi allowed them to advance onto the beach , then opened fire ; then , as the Japanese were firebombed out of their hiding places , the beach and environs became a dense killing field , , with hand-to-hand combat not uncommon . The intensity of battle on Iwo Jima epitomized what author John Dower called "  the kill or be killed nature of combat in the Pacific . " For over a month , both sides endured , and saw , terrible things hourly , and yet their resolve only strengthened . The Japanese endured inhuman conditions underground , without food , water , and medical supplies , and their no-surrender policy created more unburied corpses in the tunnels as the war went on . The Americans endured their own hell above ground , and the chaos of combat in a constrained space made friendly fire casualties higher than usual . Of approximately 20,000 Japanese soldiers , only about 2,000 survived the battle , while the Americans had over 20,000 casualties and 7,000 dead out of a total mobilized force of 70,000 . Iwo Jima took an especially large toll on the Marines . One-third of the 19,000 who died during World War II perished on the island . It is the very brutality of Iwo Jima that made Rosenthal 's polished photograph so necessary and appealing . There is something Olympian about the image on top of the mountain , as opposed to the Japanese in their caves and the Americans their targets on the beach . The subsequent death of three of the flag-raisers in battle only made the photo more compelling as a representation of heroism on the island and as an abstract homage to camaraderie , strength , and determination in battle in general . It is this perfection that contributed to the unfounded suspicion that Rosenthal 's picture had been staged , and a campaign to restore Lowery 's photo and the first flag-raisers to greater prominence . By then , the picture had been enshrined in the image bank relating to Iwo Jima and had taken on a life of its own , reproduced in sand , ice , and even Legos . On this anniversary , we might remember both photos , for together they remind us that war is also waged , and won , in the small moments of mundane labor , in obscure airstrips and staging areas as well as major battlegrounds , and in the steady gaze and aim of the single sentinel . The two flags of Iwo Jima offer a lesson for today about the power of the media to shape our notions of what , and who , deserves to be remembered about war .	Photos were taken of two flag-raisings on Iwo Jima Ben-Ghiat : One photo became iconic , representing tragedy and triumph of the war
CNN  -- An Australian man sentenced to 500 lashes and a year in prison after his conviction on blasphemy charges in Saudi Arabia is headed home after his punishment was greatly reduced , officials said Thursday . Mansor Almaribe was arrested and convicted in mid November in the city of Medina . Australia had appealed for leniency after popular outcry followed his sentence . Saudi officials responded by pardoning Almaribe from his prison term and reducing the lashing sentence to 75 lashes , the ministry said . "  His corporal punishment was also greatly reduced and administered in a way that did not cause physical harm , " it said . The ministry did not elaborate on how the lashing was carried out. , though observers have suggested the punishment could be done in a largely ceremonial and non-harmful manner . It 's unclear if that 's what occurred . It 's also unclear what the 45-year-old Shia Muslim from Australia 's Victoria state said or did to get arrested . Australian officials said they were told Almaribe made comments "  insulting to prophet Mohammed 's relatives . " "  I do n't think my dad would even survive 50 lashes not 500 , " his son said last month . "  He goes to the doctor every week for checks ups . He has knee injuries and back injuries from a car accident and he also has diabetes and high blood pressure . " The family spent weeks searching for the Iraqi-born father of five after he went missing in early November while performing the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia . Blasphemy is punishable by up to a death sentence under the strict Muslim law in Saudi Arabia .	NEW : Mansor Almaribe received 75 lashes , an Australian foreign ministry spokesman says Australian officials say they were told he made comments "  insulting " to the prophet It 's unclear what the 45-year-old Shia Muslim from Victoria state said or did to get arrested
CNN  -- World Player of the Year Lionel Messi grabbed his second straight hat-trick in Spain 's La Liga to power Barcelona to a 4-2 in over Real Zaragoza on Sunday night . Messi , who scored twice in the midweek Champions League defeat of Stuttgart , has scored eight goals in a week and 11 of Barca 's last 14 . He is also he leading scorer in the league with 25 . The away victory sees the reigning champions draw level on points with leaders Real Madrid in the Spanish title race . They are a staggering 18 points clear of third placed Valencia , who won 2-0 against Almeria earlier in the day . It was Argentine star Messi 's fifth hat-trick while at the Catalan giants and followed his triple in the 3-0 win over Valencia last weekend . Barcelona were playing catch up after Real 's 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon the day before and were given the ideal start as Messi headed them in front on four minutes . His second goal came midway through the second half after a typically incisive run as the beat two players before scoring . Messi soon completed his hat-trick before a double from home substitute Adrian Colunga gave Zaragoza late hope . But Messi was not to be denied after his earlier heroics and won a penalty which Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic converted in injury time , his first league goal since February 14 . "  Messi did well , I 'll leave it for others to find the adjectives to describe him , " Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola told AFP . . Valencia recovered from their drubbing against Barcelona and a midweek Europa League outing to post an easy win -- their first in three games . Almeria keeper Diego Alves kept them in the match which was scoreless at halftime , but he was beaten after the break as a fine pass from David Silva set up Juan Mata for the opener . Silva sealed the win as he scored from close range . Real Mallorca continued their fine form at home with a 4-1 thrashing of Atletico Madrid to stay in the fourth and final Champions League slot . Victor Casadesus scored their opener but Diego Forlan equalized for Atletico . But within two minutes Aritz Aduriz headed Mallorca in front again . Atletico had Raul Garcia sent off in the second half to seal their fate as a Luis Perea own goal and Felipe Mattioni strike made the game safe for Mallorca . "  We showed that we are a strong and ambitious side who are candidates for a place in Europe , " a delighted Mallorca coach Gregorio Manzano told AFP . "  In the first half we were very good and then after the sending off we were able to control the play more easily . " On Saturday , Real Madrid claimed their ninth straight victory but had to come from behind after David Barral scored . Real hit back through Rafael van der Vaart , Xabi Alonso and Gonzalo to open up a temporary three point gap on Barcelona .	Lionel Messi continues his incredible scoring spree for Barcelona Argentina ace grabs his second straight hat-trick in Spain 's La Liga His goals lift Barca level with Real Madrid after 4-2 win at Real Zaragoza Messi also scored a double in 4-0 Champions League rout of Stuttgart
CNN  -- A Disney stunt performer died Monday night after suffering an injury during a rehearsal , company and local officials said . A performer was injured during rehearsal for the Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular at Hollywood Studios . Walt Disney World spokeswoman Zoraya Suarez said the performer was injured while performing a tumbling roll for the Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular at Disney 's Hollywood Studios , part of the Orlando , Florida , theme park . It was the third fatal incident at the park in less than two months . Earlier this month , a performer was injured in a pirate show and later died . In July , two monorail trains collided , killing a driver . " ` We feel a sense of loss for these valued cast members , " Suarez said . She said a review would be conducted on each incident . Performers receive extensive training , she said . The Orange County Sheriff 's Department identified the performer in the latest incident as Anislav Varbanov , 30 , and said he had been pronounced dead at a hospital . Watch a report on the incident " Security personnel at Hollywood Studios called 911 Monday evening to say a cast member had suffered a head injury during the rehearsal , the sheriff 's department said . No other details were given . The sheriff 's department said the incident is under investigation . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Man hurt while rehearsing for Indiana Jones stunt show at Hollywood Studios Two people died after incidents at Orlando , Florida , theme park this summer Sheriff 's department is investigating death of Anislav Varbanov
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- As you probably heard , Julian Castro 's keynote speech to the Democratic National Convention was historic . It marked the first time that a Latino had ever delivered the signature address at that event , and the fact that the 37-year-old mayor of San Antonio was invited to do so by the Democratic Party -- and his twin brother , Texas state Rep. and congressional candidate Joaquin Castro , was chosen to introduce him -- was a show of respect for America 's largest minority . As we Latinos might say : "  Ya era tiempo " -- "  It was about time . " A majority of Latinos have voted for the Democratic candidate in every presidential election dating back to 1960 . That 's 13 elections , loyally casting votes for strong candidates and weak ones . Over the last half-century , a lot of Democrats have owed their political careers to voters with names such as Gutierrez , Rodriguez or Morales . Opinion : What Julian Castro can do for Obama The speech itself had its golden nuggets -- most of them revolving around family , culture , community . It also had its lead trinkets -- policy talk about "  investing " in creating opportunity that Republicans will dismiss as more tax-and-spend rhetoric that was a poor fit for someone being marketed as a leader of the future . The gold sounded like this : "  My grandmother spent her whole life working as a maid , a cook and a babysitter , barely scraping by , but still working hard to give my mother , her only child , a chance in life , so that my mother could give my brother and me an even better one . ... And I can still remember her , every morning as Joaquin and I walked out the door to school , making the sign of the cross behind us , saying , ` Que dios los bendiga . ' ` May God bless you . ... " And this : "  My grandmother never owned a house . She cleaned other people 's houses so she could afford to rent her own . But she saw her daughter become the first in her family to graduate from college . And my mother fought hard for civil rights so that instead of a mop , I could hold this microphone . "  And while she may be proud of me tonight , I 've got to tell you , Mom , I 'm even more proud of you . Thank you , Mom . Today , my beautiful wife , Erica , and I are the proud parents of a 3-year-old little girl , Carina Victoria , named after my grandmother . A couple of Mondays ago was her first day of pre-K . As we dropped her off , we walked out of the classroom , and I found myself whispering to her , as was once whispered to me , ` Que dios te bendiga . ' May God bless you . ... " But given what had transpired outside the Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte a few hours earlier , Castro 's speech was also bittersweet . Ten people who identified themselves as illegal immigrants , part of a national caravan dubbed the "  Undocubus , " were arrested outside the arena for blocking an intersection and refusing to disperse . They were there to protest President Barack Obama 's immigration policies . And because the Obama administration 's signature immigration enforcement program , Secure Communities , requires local police to submit to federal authorities the fingerprints of arrestees whom they suspect might be in the country illegally , those 10 people could be deported . They have names such as Estevez , Carrasco , Castellanos , Diaz , Sanchez and Torres . There is no question that Castro did Obama an enormous favor Tuesday night by inspiring and energizing Latino voters , a majority of whom tell pollsters that they like the president personally but disapprove of his immigration policies -- most notably , a record number of deportations now approaching 1.5 million . For Latinos , those deportations represent more than numbers on a spreadsheet . They represent hundreds of thousands of families that have been torn apart and divided across a border , and thousands of U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants placed in foster care . Obama broke the first rule of dealing with Latinos : Do n't mess with the family . Although the latest polls show Obama leading Mitt Romney by more than a 2-to-1 margin with Latinos , the president has developed an enthusiasm gap with those voters . And there are really two ways for Obama to "  lose " the Latino vote -- if 40 % of Latinos vote for Romney , or if a large chunk of Obama voters are so unenthusiastic about his record in office that they just stay home . The first probably wo n't happen . The second just might . A new Zogby poll found more than 14 % of Latino voters are undecided about whom to vote for . Recently , Obama announced a new policy at the Department of Homeland Security where illegal immigrants who meet certain qualifications -- less than 31 years of age , no criminal record , came to the United States before the age of 16 , etc. -- can apply for two years of "  deferred action " so they 're not deported . But not everyone is eligible , and many are too skeptical to participate . Hence , the protest . The good news for the Obama campaign is that Latinos will not soon forget the emotional words Castro delivered Tuesday night . The bad news is they wo n't forget the president 's dreadful immigration record , which made the speech so necessary . And that 's the bittersweet part . Inside the arena , Latinos heard a beautiful story that reminded us how far we 've come . Outside the arena , we witnessed an ugly reality that tells us how far we still have to go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro 's speech inspired , energized Latinos He says the speech shined when Castro talked about his family , culture and community But arrests of 10 Latinos protesting Obama immigration policies tarnished mood , he says He says Latinos support Obama , but their enthusiasm is waning over immigration record
With vast expanses of sparkling blue ocean , remote dive sites teeming with marine life and thousands of uninhabited tropical islands ripe for exploration , Southeast Asia is home to some of the world 's finest adventure sailing spots . It 's apt then that luxury boating manufacturers will this weekend drop anchor in Singapore , one of the continent 's most vibrant harbor cities , to take part in the 20th annual Boat Asia show . Specialist shipbuilders display the latest yachts , speedboats and ocean-going gadgets during the four-day jamboree . With this spirit of maritime adventure in mind , CNN asked Herman Ho , Boat Asia 2012 managing director , and Stuart McDonald , founder and editor of Asian travel website , travelfish.org , to give the lowdown on Southeast Asia 's most spectacular coastal spots . Anambas islands , Indonesia Situated 200 nautical miles east of Batam Island in northeastern Indonesia , the Anambas islands are a must for snorkeling and diving enthusiasts , says Herman Ho . See also : China 's super rich set sights on superyachts Pulau Bawah , the main island in the Anambas chain is uninhabited and offers "  a naturally protected lagoon with beautiful clear blue waters and corals , " enthuses Ho . Further inland there is a giant waterfall that offers a great secluded picnic spot . Shipwrecked vessels "  Seven Skies " and "  Igara " have become a magnet for a wide variety of indigenous marine life and offer the perfect opportunity for a dip . What 's more , he says , they are so remote that if you make the effort to go , you are likely to have them all to yourself . Koh Chang , Thailand Located near Thailand 's maritime border with Cambodia , the Koh Chang archipelago offers a wealth of secluded tropical islands that are perfect for exploration by sea , says Stuart McDonald . Hundreds of deserted beaches enable land lovers to get their feet sandy while the shallow waters near shore provide fantastic snorkeling opportunities . See also : South Korea , World 's next sailing giant ? "  Though the diving here is n't the region 's best , " says McDonald , there is still so much spectacular marine life that getting into the water will always be a treat . McDonald warns however that Koh Chang can get extremely wet during the rainy season -- which usually occurs between June and October -- and advises all mariners to check the weather outlook before setting sail . Langkawi , Malaysia Blessed with gorgeous sandy beaches and some of Southeast Asia 's most fertile fishing grounds , the waters of Langkawi Island straddle the maritime border between Malaysia and Thailand . Like its Thai island neighbor , Phuket , Langkawi has numerous marinas that cater for guests cruising the surrounding Malacca Strait . Casting anchor and setting foot on the islands themselves offers a great opportunity to scale one of the region 's most spectacular vantage points , says Ho . Vistors can just hop on a cable car to the peak of Gunung Mat Chinchang mountain , some 2,300 feet above sea level , where they can take in the wonderful views . Halong Bay , Vietnam Halong Bay in northwestern Vietnam is one of the most stunning boating destinations anywhere in the world , says McDonald . Comprising a vast coastal waterway of roughly 2,000 islands spread over an area of 1,500 square kilometers , carving out your own sailing space should n't be too much of a problem . While tranquil waters year round make sure going for a swim is always a pleasure See also : Secret life of Hong Kong 's island hideaways The mysterious limestone caves on Halong Bay 's bigger islands and the "  incredible sunsets " meanwhile are two sights not to be missed , advises McDonald . Similan Islands , Thailand The Similan islands are a group of nine small archipelagos that have been designated a marine nature reserve by the Thai government . Situated off the country 's west coast in the Andaman Sea , the spectacular islets are a nationally protected wildlife area , says Ho . Sailing around the Similans is still allowed , though , and those who venture there are treated with "  turquoise blue waters full of marine life , " says Ho . There are also hundreds of varieties of fish and turtles surrounding the islands , he adds , while peace and quiet is virtually guaranteed .	The 20th annual Asia Boat Show will take place in Singapore this weekend Southeast Asia 's coastal waters offer some of the world 's top adventure-laden sailing destinations Vietnam , Indonesia , Thailand and Malaysia all play host to spectacular coastal beauty spots
EW.com  -- What mischief is Phil about to get into now ? EW has learned exclusively that Kevin Hart  "  Little Fockers "  has signed on for a guest-starring role on "  Modern Family . " He 'll play Andre , a new neighbor of Phil Dunphy who happens to be a physician . The 32-year-old comedian will see a familiar face when he begins production on the ABC comedy : He co-starred opposite Sofia Vergara in the 2004 movie "  Soul Plane . " Recently , Hart and his Hartbeat Productions notched an unexpected victory at the box office with his debut standup film "  Laugh at My Pain , " which follows his recent national tour run and a stop in his hometown of Philadelphia . It debuted inside of the box office top 10 ranking and pulled in nearly $ 2 million , in just 97 theaters , for an impressive per-location gross of $ 20,619 . The film only cost $ 750,000 to make . Hart has appeared in several Comedy Central specials and hosted the 2011 BET Awards . His other film credits include the movies "  Krod Mondoon " and the "  Flaming Sword of Fire , " "  Death at a Funeral , " and "  Epic Movie . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kevin Hart will play Andre , a new neighbor of Phil Dunphy Hart co-starred opposite Sofia Vergara in the 2004 movie "  Soul Plane " Hart notched an unexpected victory at the box office
CNN  -- It was billed as a showdown between king and country : John Gosden 's imperious Kingman versus Aiden O'Brien 's exciting Australia . In the end it was 40-1 shot Night of Thunder , ridden by Kieren Fallon , who delivered a shock result in the first Classic of the English season . Racing is a sport of many long and proud traditions . The newest of these is surely the preoccupation , in the run up to the 2,000 Guineas , with identifying the "  next Frankel . " Perhaps inevitably , Kingman , running in the same green , pink and white colours of Khalid Abdulla , had bourn the brunt of this fevered speculation . A star turn in the Greenham Stakes -- a race also won by Frankel en route to his Guineas in 2011 -- did nothing to quell racing fans ' hopes that lightening could , perhaps , strike twice . Kingman 's only vulnerability appeared to be the ground -- he needed surgery last year to remove a bone chip and connections were concerned about the going being too fast . In the end it was not drought but thunder they should have worried about . The 14-runner field had split into two groups at the start of the race , with one group , containing pre-race favorite Kingman and Night of Thunder , being lead by Spanish challenger Noozhoh Canarias , while the second was headed by Night of Thunder 's more fancied stable mate Toormore . As the two groups approached the final half-furlong , Kingman 's jockey James Doyle looked to have timed his run perfectly on the outside , with Joseph O'Brien and Australia matching him stride-for-stride on the inside . Night of Thunder , however , appeared on Kingman 's flank and looked set to take him on , before taking an unexplained detour to join Australia on the stands side . Powered home Despite losing valuable seconds in the switch , Night of Thunder powered home to win by half a length . Kingman and Australia were split by a head in second and third respectively . It was a first Classic win , on paper , at least , for Richard Hannon , Jr. , who took the reins of his father 's training operation just this season . The normally voluble Hannon was lost for words as the plaudits rained down on his champion . "  It 's the stuff of dreams , " said Hannon . "  As a school boy you dream of days like this -- you think you might get there one day , and you might not . But we 've done it . " By contrast , Night of Thunder 's veteran jockey Fallon , is a previous four-time winner of this race . The 49-year-old has seen his fair share of ups and downs in a colorful career which has seen him crowned Champion Jockey six times yet also serve lengthy bans following accusations of race fixing and testing positive for banned substances . "  It 's brilliant , " said Fallon , whose last win in the race came in 2006 . "  It 's a great race to win and it kick-starts our confidence for the year . " From here , thoughts inevitably turn to the Derby , the next of the English "  Classics " on the calendar . Australia , on pedigree , should have his best chance at Epsom  he is the son of a Derby winner and an Oaks winner  , while Kingman has shown too much class in his career to date to be written off just yet . The search for the next Frankel goes on . Fabre breaks 1,000 Guineas duck In the fillies ' equivalent Sunday , French raider Miss France delivered the goods under jockey Maxime Guyon to give master trainer Andre Fabre his first victory in the 1,000 Guineas . Tucked in behind early pacesetter Manderley , Miss France showed a devastating turn of foot to beat a fast-finishing Lightening Thunder in a thrilling finish . It was a marked change of tactics for the winner of the Oh So Sharp Stakes . 24-time French champion trainer Fabre told reporters that the ride was "  the exact opposite of the way I wanted her ridden -- but it worked . " It is expected she will now be targeted at the "  French Oaks " -- the Prix de Diane .	Night of Thunder wins 2,000 Guineas 40-1 shot triumphed in first Classic of the English season Kieren Fallon rode his fifth Guineas winner NEW : First 1,000 Guineas for master trainer Andre Fabre
CNN  -- A 14-year-old Dutch girl set sail Wednesday morning on a journey to travel around the world . Laura Dekker left her home port of Den Osse at 9:10 a.m. , her spokesman Peter de Lange confirmed . "  She will arrive in Portugal , near Lisbon , in two or three weeks , " de Lange said . "  She is traveling in her yacht , Guppy , with her father until Lisbon where she will start the official solo sailing trip around the world . " Dekker 's attempt to circle the globe has n't always been smooth sailing . Last August , Dutch authorities placed Dekker under state care for two months after her parents refused to prevent her from undertaking the potentially dangerous voyage . Last October , a Dutch court ruled against letting Dekker sail solo around the world , saying she is not experienced enough to make the trip on her own . However , she would be allowed to travel this year if she fulfilled certain requirements the court established for her to sail . Dekker is seeking to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world .	Laura Dekker will sail with her father before taking off solo The teenager would become the youngest person to sail solo across the world A Dutch court previously ruled Dekker could not make the trip solo
EW.com  -- The upcoming fourth season of "  Community " may have a short order  13 episodes  , may be on Fridays  with a "  Whitney " lead in  and may have seen the exit of creator Dan Harmon . But that does n't mean it 's the final season , NBC brass says . "  We 're in a transition with our comedy programming and trying to broaden the audience and broaden what network does , " NBC entertainment chairman Robert Greenblatt told critics at the Television Critics Association 's press tour in Beverly Hills on Tuesday . "  Those Thursday comedies , which the critics love and we love , tend to be a bit more narrow than we 'd ultimately like as we go forward . " " ` Community ' has been a show that 's always on the bubble -LSB- to return -RSB- and we decided to bring it back again and see what a fourth season would do for us , " Greenblatt continued . "  The reason we did 13 episodes -LSB- of Community and other shows -RSB- is we wanted to get more comedies on the schedule ... which is n't to say we could n't decide at some point to extend those seasons longer . " ` Looper , ' ` Cloud Atlas ' at Toronto Film Fest As for Harmon 's exit , Greenblatt said : "  I think fans of ` Community ' are going to get the same show they have loved from the beginning , " he said . "  Every so often it 's time to make a change with a showrunner ... you evaluate the creative ... sometimes you want to freshen a show and we decided to do that with ` Community ' -- no disrespect to anyone . " Asked if he would categorically rule out a fifth season , Greenblatt said : "  I would love nothing more than ` Community ' to have a following on Friday and be able to continue -LSB- beyond season 4 -RSB- . " NBC is premiering several new comedies this fall , including broad and wacky titles like "  Animal Practice " and "  Guys With Kids , " as well as potentially more risky shows like the Matthew Perry therapy sitcom "  Go On "  and Ryan Murphy 's unconventional family comedy "  The New Normal . " MTV bringing back ` House of Style ' "  We 're in this awkward stage , " said NBC 's entertainment president Jennifer Salke . "  Some of our new comedies might seem more commercial to you ... it 's kind of an evolving comedy brand . " "  Shows like ` Whitney ' and ` Up All Night ' were steps in the right direction and that 's why they 're back , " Greenblatt said . "  It -LSB- can -RSB- take more than a couple seasons for a show to creatively find itself . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The upcoming fourth season of "  Community " will air on Fridays with a "  Whitney " lead in Greenblatt : "  We 're in a transition with our comedy programming and trying to broaden the audience " NBC is premiering several new comedies this fall , including "  Animal Practice " and "  Guys With Kids "
London  CNN  It 's a phenomenon that 's been linked to a dragon , a black squirrel and Tiangiou , the magical dog of heaven . Mythologies from across the globe have blamed them all for eating the sun . In reality , solar eclipses , like the one that can be seen across parts of the Northern Hemisphere today , are down to an amazing coincidence . The moon and sun are at just the right distance away from the Earth that they appear to be of the same apparent size in the sky even though the sun is about 400 times larger than the moon . On occasion , the sun , moon and Earth are perfectly aligned so that when the moon passes in front of the sun it casts a shadow on the Earth , blocking the light . But that 's not the whole story . A total eclipse can only be seen in the narrow corridor known as the "  path of totality " -- or the "  inner umbral shadow . " The area where the sun 's rays are only partially obscured is called the "  penumbra . " Today the moon 's shadow falls across parts of North Africa , Europe and the Middle East . Millions will be in the penumbra part of the shadow and able to see a partial eclipse but if you want to catch the full majesty of the 2015 totality it will require a trip to the North Pole , Svalbard or the Faroe Islands between the UK and Norway . You can find out whether you will be able to see the eclipse by watching our animation . Solar eclipses are relatively common -- partial eclipses are visible somewhere on Earth most years -- but not necessarily in the same region . You might wait hundreds of years between two total eclipses at the same place . And not all eclipses are the same . The moon follows an elliptical orbit around the Earth which means it is sometimes closer to us -- at "  perigee " -- and sometimes further away -- at "  apogee . " At apogee , the moon does n't appear quite big enough to completely obscure the sun during a solar eclipse and an observer sees a ring of brilliant light around the moon . This is called an annular eclipse . At perigee  as now  the sun will be completely blocked by the moon during totality . This gives scientists a chance to study the sun 's atmosphere and help solve a cosmic conundrum . Astronomer Robert Massey of the UK 's Royal Astronomical Society explained that the sun 's atmosphere or corona is a massive 2 million degrees Celsius but the sun 's surface only around 5,500 Celsius . He said this temperature difference has long mystified scientists . "  The eclipse at totality allows us to see the inner most regions of the sun 's atmosphere even if it 's only for a few minutes -- it 's very hard to do otherwise , " he said . Perhaps the brief window will give solar experts a chance to collect more data . But you do n't have to be an astronomer to appreciate the incredible spectacle of an eclipse . CNN would like to see your pictures and videos and hear of your experiences by using CNN 's eclipse iReport assignment -- but please take care . NEVER look directly at the sun -- it is dangerous and can cause permanent damage to your eyes . Regular sunglasses are NOT safe either . Special filters are needed . Ahead of last year 's eclipse in the United States , NASA advised CNN readers : "  Even at maximum eclipse , a sliver of sun peeking out from behind the moon can still cause pain and eye damage . Direct viewing should only be attempted with the aid of a safe solar filter . " NASA suggested some old tricks for viewing indirectly , like punching a hole in cardboard and projecting the light seeping through it onto a surface away from the sun . You can find more safety advice on NASA 's eclipse website . A total solar eclipse is a phenomenon that wo n't last forever . The moon is moving away from the Earth at a rate of about 3.8 centimeters  about 1.5 inches  every year . There will come a time when the moon will appear to be too small to cover the sun . But do n't worry , you still have to time to catch one -- NASA calculates this will take about 563 million years .	Solar eclipses happen when the sun , moon and Earth are perfectly aligned so that when the moon passes in front of the sun it casts a shadow on the Earth On March 20 this year the moon 's shadow falls across parts of North Africa , Europe and the Middle East The moon is slowly moving away from the Earth so there will come a time when the moon will appear to be too small to cover the sun
Mashable  -- Popular restaurant recommendation app Urbanspoon has just launched a brand new version of its app , complete with a full redesign and the ability to rate and upload photos of your dishes . Version 1.17 of the Urbanspoon iPhone app -LSB- iTunes link -RSB- puts its focus on the food you eat . Like Foodspotting , you can take a picture of your meal and upload it . You can then write a specific recommendation for that dish and post it on Urbanspoon . The IAC-owned service also updated its navigation . It has de-emphasized the "  shake to find a random restaurant " home screen in favor of a menu system that lets you browse restaurants , see what your friends are recommending and reserve a table  a beta feature available in Seattle , Los Angeles and New York City  . The focus on photography and dishes makes the app richer . It will have more data on not just the best places to eat but the best things to order at these locations . The upgraded app puts it in direct competition with several heavyweights though , including Yelp and OpenTable . Moreover , the photos feature pushes Urbanspoon onto Foodspotting 's turf . Urbanspoon has the vast resources of InterActive Corp at its disposal , while Foodspotting has raised just $ 750,000 . This could prove to be an interesting battle . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	App now lets you rate and upload photos of your dishes Update de-emphasizes "  shake to find a random restaurant " home screen Photos feature pushes Urbanspoon onto Foodspotting 's turf
CNN  -- I turned 18 years old a week before Election Day in 1982 and was excited to exercise my newly earned right to vote . The first ballot I ever cast was for United States Senate . The race pitted a popular veteran Congresswoman against a political neophyte businessman who was the decided underdog . The underdog won . His name was Frank Lautenberg . Sen. Lautenberg went on to win two more rough-and-tumble races before retiring . However , he jumped at the chance to return to Washington in 2002 , when incumbent Bob Torricelli , dragged down by ethics allegations , announced that he wanted to withdraw less than two months before the election . In a move that became known as "  the switcheroo , " Democrats were allowed to put Lautenberg 's name on the ballot instead . He then coasted to a double digit win and did the same in 2008 . Lautenberg was unabashedly liberal on social issues such as abortion , the environment , and gun control . His major legislative legacy , though , centers on transportation issues . He was a strong supporter of improving the country 's mass transit infrastructure including funding Amtrak . Memories of his father 's early death attributed to unhealthy working conditions , though , kept Lautenberg fighting on the environmental front . In fact , he used transportation-related legislation to further his larger health and safety agenda . This included a smoking ban on airplanes , which was the first widespread limitation on using tobacco in public . He also created a de facto national drinking age by reducing federal highway funds for states whose minimum age was lower than 21 . What I will remember most about Lautenberg is that he always stood his ground . He was never shy about telling you why he was right and the other guy was wrong . A Lautenberg opponent once described him as a "  swamp dog . " While the senator initially bristled at the characterization , he took pride in having a street-fighter 's reputation . Some observers thought that the octogenarian met his match in 2010 . That was when recently-elected New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- hardly a shrinking violet himself -- cancelled plans to build a new train tunnel under the Hudson River to New York City . Lautenberg came out swinging , calling Christie 's decision one of "  the biggest public policy blunders in New Jersey 's history . " The feud escalated , but Lautenberg would not back down . The two did n't really patch things up until they worked together to get federal aid for Hurricane Sandy recovery . Lautenberg leaves tricky political question for Christie Chris Christie now has the opportunity to appoint a replacement for Lautenberg . He is faced with the decision of either appointing a caretaker or giving an ally the ability to run as a sitting senator , while also clearing other Republicans from the field . Coincidentally , the last time a New Jersey governor was faced with this decision was 1982 , after a Democratic senator had resigned . At the time , New Jersey Republicans had n't won a U.S. Senate seat in nearly 10 years . But Ronald Reagan had won the state by 13 points two years earlier and this was seen as a prime opportunity for the GOP . Republican Gov. Tom Kean , who had won the closest gubernatorial election in state history only a few months before , opted to appoint a placeholder as a gesture of goodwill . As a result , it was Lautenberg who was able to squeeze out a come-from-behind 4-point win over Congresswoman Millicent Fenwick . Christie is now faced with a similar prospect -- except that now the New Jersey GOP has n't claimed a U.S. Senate win in more than 40 years . New Jersey law has two conflicting statutes on whether a special election has to be held this year or can wait until 2014 . This could well end up in court . If the election is held this year , whoever runs as the GOP standard-bearer for the remainder of the term could appear on the same ballot as the extremely popular Chris Christie . Considering the coattails potential of his almost certain re-election bid , there is no better time for Republicans to take this seat . If they win now , they will have a voter-tested incumbent running for a full term in 2014 . Of course , a contested senate race could bring out Democratic voters who were apathetic about the governor 's race . This could cut into Christie 's winning margin , which he hopes will be large enough to use as a selling point in a 2016 presidential run . The risk is particularly high if the Democrats field a well-known and well-funded challenger like Newark Mayor Cory Booker . Booker has been working to establish himself as the heir-apparent for 2014 -- which Lautenberg did not appreciate . A special election this year , though , may entice some of New Jersey 's sitting congressmen to make a run without having to give up their House seats . So it could be a crowded field . Christie can also call a special election for the senate seat before the gubernatorial election in November . This could be a free-for-all with many Democrats and Republicans getting into the fray , although Democrats would have a greater chance of holding onto the seat in this scenario . None of the possible contenders , though , can claim the pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps , Greatest Generation personal story that shaped Frank Lautenberg 's years of public service . Regardless of who fills the seat , one thing is clear : We will not see another "  swamp dog " in the U.S. Senate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick Murray .	Patrick Murray : First time he voted was in 1982 election ; underdog Frank Lautenberg won A liberal , Lautenberg pushed laws on transportation , smoking , drinking age , guns , he says He says he had street-fighter 's reputation , a characterization he embraced Murray : Christie has tricky task of picking replacement , a chance for GOP to get Senate seat
CNN  -- Defending champion Novak Djokovic shrugged off an injury scare to beat fifth seed David Ferrer in the Australian Open quarterfinals on Wednesday , setting up a last-four rematch with 2011 runner-up Andy Murray . The world No. 1 pulled up and clutched his leg while leading 2-1 in the second set , but recovered to secure a 6-4 7-6  7-4  6-1 win over the Spaniard despite moving uncomfortably between points . "  Luckily for me it was n't something that stayed there for long time , " the four-time grand slam winner told reporters after reaching his seventh straight grand slam semifinal . "  It was just a sudden pain ... David makes you run , makes you play an extra shot , makes you earn your points . " Kvitova faces Sharapova in semifinal rematch However , the Serbian revealed that he has been struggling with his breathing in the Melbourne heat . "  I found it very difficult after a long time to breathe because I felt the whole day my nose was closed a little bit . I just was n't able to get enough oxygen , " he said . "  At this stage of the tournament , when you 're playing somebody like David who has great shots from both sides from the baseline , makes you always play over five to 10 shots in the rally , your physical strength and endurance comes into question . "  I think actually I 'm not concerned . I 'm really fit and I have no concerns of recovering for the next match . It 's just a matter of breathing better through the nose . " Fourth seed Murray is searching for a first major title , having been beaten in the last two Melbourne finals by Roger Federer in 2010 and then Djokovic last year . The Scot , also beaten by Federer in the 2008 U.S. Open title match , ended the hopes of Japanese 24th seed Kei Nishikori with a 6-3 6-3 6-1 success in their quarterfinal . "  He 's definitely very motivated to win his first grand slam , " said Djokovic of Murray after reaching his fifth successive grand slam semifinal . "  He 's been proving to himself and to the rest of the people that the Australian Open is probably his best grand slam . "  But on the other hand I have been playing quite well here in last couple years ... it 's definitely going to take a lot of effort to be a winner from that match . " World No. 26 Nishikori was Japan 's first Australian Open quarterfinalist since 1932 and the first male player from the country to reach the last eight of a major since Shuzo Matsuoka at Wimbledon in 1995 . Next week he will move into the top-20 for the first time in his career . Djokovic holds the edge in the head-to-head record against Murray , having won six and lost four of their 10 matches -- including victory in their only clash at a grand slam . That 2011 final defeat sent Murray into a minor form slump , but he bounced back to reach the last four at Roland Garros , Wimbledon and Flushing Meadows . "  I 've always liked playing against him . After the year that he had , the loss did n't look so bad six months later , " Murray said of Djokovic , who won three of 2011 's four grand slam titles . "  I 'll need to serve better . I had a sore neck today when I woke up and I was n't feeling all my serve . But I was returning good , hitting the ball clean from the back of the court , moved forward well . So it was good . " Thursday 's first semifinal will see second seed and 10-time grand slam champion Rafael Nadal take on Switzerland 's No. 4 Federer -- a winner of a record 16 major titles . Djokovic , Murray , Nadal and Federer have dominated men 's tennis in recent years , filling the final four spots at three of the last five grand slams . At least three of the four top-ranked players have advanced to the semifinals in each of the last seven majors .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic survives injury scare at the Australian Open Djokovic beats David Ferrer in quarterfinals despite feeling a pain in his hamstring The Serb will next face Andy Murray in a rematch of the 2011 final Fourth seed Murray ended the campaign of Japanese 24th seed Kei Nishikori
President Barack Obama says he plans to push to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility during his final two years in office -- potentially fulfilling a major campaign promise that he has n't yet accomplished . "  I 'm going to be doing everything I can to close it , " Obama said in an interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley that aired Sunday on "  State of the Union . " "  It is something that continues to inspire jihadists and extremists around the world , the fact that these folks are being held , " Obama said . "  It is contrary to our values . " Related : Obama calls alleged North Korea hacking vandalism , not war The President 's comments follow a flurry of executive action at the start of what he called his "  fourth quarter " in the Oval Office -- after Republicans walloped Democrats in November 's midterm elections , taking control of both houses of Congress . After the election , Obama quickly announced an overhaul of U.S. immigration rules and new regulations aimed at curbing environmentally-harmful emissions . He followed those moves this week with a deal that represented the biggest steps to thaw the economic freeze with Cuba in decades . The Guantanamo Bay , Cuba detention facility -- which Obama pledged to shut down as part of his 2008 campaign , but saw his plans thwarted when Congress passed a law prohibiting him from doing so -- could be another target ripe for executive action . Obama 's year-end message : North Korea Cuba and Congress Obama has transferred many of the detainees housed at that facility to other countries in recent months , and said Friday he 'll continue trying to do that , since Congress wo n't allow him to shift those detainees into federal Supermax facilities within the United States . "  We are going to continue to place those who have been cleared for release or transfer to host countries that are willing to take them , " Obama told Crowley . Related : Guantanamo detainees release The toughest challenge , he said , is dealing with "  some really hard cases " in which "  we know they 've done something wrong and are still dangerous . " Still , Obama said , he wants to shut the facility down . "  I think that it does not make sense for us to spend millions of dollars per individual when we have a way of solving this problem that 's more consistent with our values , " he said . More from Candy Crowley 's interview with President Obama : Obama says hacking is act of ` cybervandalism , ' not war Related : Obama says he 's not being "  rolled " by Putin	President Obama promised during his campaign in 2008 to close the military prison in Cuba But he has been unable to deliver in the face of opposition on Capitol Hill He said he still hopes to fulfill one of his first promises as president
Sandino , Cuba  CNN  A neglected , weed-strewn field in a small Cuban town where there are more horses than cars seems an unlikely setting for a major shift in government policy . But in the isolated town of Sandino , Cuba 's first Catholic church since the 1959 revolution took power is set to be built . "  There is money to start , there is the construction material to start , there are the permissions to start , so everything is ready , " said Bishop Jorge Enrique Serpa Pérez , who oversees the diocese where the new church will be built . The Sandino church has been 56 years in the making , ever since Fidel Castro took power and Cuba became an officially atheist state . Religious people fell under suspicion by the new revolutionary government , but none more so than those who belonged to the Catholic Church , which was seen as being overly sympathetic to the Batista regime that Castro had driven from power . In the first years of the revolution , thousands of Catholic priests were jailed or forced into exile , and church property , including the Jesuit school that Castro attended , was seized by the Cuban government . Only with the visit in 1998 of Pope John Paul II to the island did relations between the Cuban government and Catholic Church begin to thaw . Christmas again became a national holiday , and Cubans faced less official discrimination for practicing their faiths . In December , Cuban President Raul Castro thanked Pope Francis for his role in the secret talks that led to a prisoner swap between Cuba and the United States and the start of negotiations to restore full diplomatic relations . In 2015 , church officials said requests to build new churches that had long been ensnared in red tape began to receive government approval . While church officials said several new Catholic houses of worship are in the works , the first will be built in Sandino , a remote town at the end of a pothole-cratered road in Cuba 's westernmost province . The Rev. Cirilo Castro drives that road to Sandino once a week to officiate Mass in a converted garage in the back of a house the church rents . He has lost count of the miles he has put on his green Russian Lada as part of his ministry to towns throughout the province . When the new Catholic church is built -- the first in Sandino 's history -- Castro said he would move to minster there full time . "  I hope the church does n't stay within the four walls , " he said "  That it will go farther than that . That with the building of the new church , there will be more people of faith , " Castro said . The Cuban Catholic Church desperately needs more followers in Cuba , where in recent years the syncretic religion Santeria , that mixes African religions with Catholicism , has exploded in popularity . The church in Sandino will take about two years to build and when completed will hold 200 people , Castro said . Most of the $ 50,000 collected so far for the new church comes from fund-raisers held by the St. Lawrence Catholic Church in Tampa , Florida . "  Much of Tampa 's history and culture comes from Cuba , " said the Rev. Tom Morgan , St. Lawrence 's vicar . "  It 's absolutely fantastic they are building a new church , and I hope to be able to visit one day . " Morgan said he was optimistic that recent changes in U. . S Treasury Department regulations would make it possible for his church to send supplies and building materials to Cuba to help with the construction of the new church . As she makes her way down a path to attend Mass in Cirilo Castro 's converted garage , Digna Martinez said she has waited more than five decades for a church to be built in Sandino . Martinez said she , her husband and two children were those relocated to the town during early 1960s when a triumphant Fidel Castro was still battling what he called "  bandits , " holdouts against his revolution waging guerrilla warfare in the countryside . While there is no official tally , hundreds , perhaps thousands , of people suspected of plotting against the revolution were shipped to Sandino to live in a form of internal exile . "  It was a process to make a community for political prisoners , " Martinez said . "  They took our farm away and brought us here . " A lifelong Catholic , Martinez said one of the most devastating things about being forced to move 500 miles away from her home to a town she had never heard of was that there was no church . "  Having a church is very important , " she said . "  Many of the people here were brought up Catholic and need a church . We were baptized and prayed when we went to bed and woke up , just like our parents and grandparents taught us . "	Cuban Catholics start building their first churches since 1959 Religious believers had been seen as suspicious under the Castro regime The new churches are desperately needed , Cuban Catholics say
New York  CNN  -- Cheap round-trip airfare between New York and Israel , sold by accident this week in some cases for less than $ 400 , will be honored for thousands of lucky customers , El Al Airlines announced Thursday . "  Although a review of this occurrence has not been finalized , a decision was made to accommodate El Al passengers who purchased these low fares because we value our reputation of offering excellent customer service , " said El Al Vice President Danny Saadon . The El Al Airlines flight typically costs somewhere around $ 1,300 . The airline blamed an outside contractor it uses -- which was not named -- for the error . For two hours Monday , the stunning deal drew hordes of excited travelers before the airline had time to make the fix . "  It 's really nice to see that the airline is standing behind a mistake they made , " said Brooklyn resident Joe Mansour . "  We 're doing a nice family trip for Thanksgiving , probably a group of around 20 . "  I 'm just really thankful to the airline , in today 's day and age where people make mistakes and money 's tight . " Airline officials say they will also allow the tickets to be changed for direct flights for an extra $ 75 each way , or get a refund . CNN 's Pauline Kim contributed to this report	The El Al Airlines flight typically costs somewhere around $ 1,300 The airline blamed an unnamed outside contractor for the error For two hours Monday , the stunning deal drew hordes of excited travelers
CNN  -- Syria 's besieged leader says he regrets that his soldiers shot down a Turkish jet last month but said they thought the plane belonged to Israel . "  I would not wish it for any plane other than an enemy one . Especially for a Turkish plane , I say 100 % , if only we did not shoot it down , " President Bashar al-Assad told Turkey 's Cumhuriyet newspaper in an interview published Tuesday . "  The Turkish people are our brothers and something that would make them sad would never make me happy and it did not . If this was an Israeli plane , of course , I would have been happy . " The June 22 shootdown of the F-4 Phantom jet came after Israeli planes had previously used the same air corridor three times , al-Assad said . Israel and Syria are longtime adversaries . "  A plane coming from that side is perceived by the Syrian military as an Israeli plane . It was accepted as an enemy plane , reacted against fast and fired at , " he said . "  Since we could n't see it on our radars and no information was given either , the soldiers downed it . We learned that it belonged to Turkey after shooting it down . " As a result , al-Assad said , the significance of the downing "  should not be exaggerated . " The shootdown underscores rising tensions between the two nations over Syria 's nearly 16-month government crackdown and the grass-roots uprising against the regime . Syria and Turkey have acknowledged that the plane strayed into Syrian airspace , but Turkey said the incursion was accidental and quickly corrected . Turkey 's National Security Council has bolstered its forces along the border and said last week the nation would act against any "  hostile action " by Syria . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his country was changing its rules of engagement and would treat any military approach by Syrian forces toward its border as a threat that "  will be dealt with accordingly . " NATO deplored the shootdown , but the alliance , of which Turkey is a member , did not promise any action in response to the incident . Turkish officials said Tuesday that they scrambled jet fighters Monday to track Syrian helicopters flying near the border between the two countries . It was the third consecutive day in which Turkish officials have sent jets to intercept Syrian helicopters closing in on the border , the Turkish armed forces said . No shots were fired . The search for the downed jet 's wreckage and pilots was ongoing . The Turkish government , once close with al-Assad , has been sharply critical of the Syrian leader 's clampdown against his citizens . Turkey is hosting thousands of Syrian refugees and anti-Assad opposition groups . Al-Assad criticized Erdogan 's "  dangerous " posturing after what he said was an understandable military move . "  In an environment like this , arrival of such a plane is naturally perceived as an enemy plane , " he said . "  Anyone who understands military matters a bit would know this . A country at war would behave this way anywhere in the world . This is absolutely not a political decision . However , unfortunately , the Erdogan government is after narrow calculations using this incident . He has n't gotten the Turkish people 's support for 15 months about the Syria policy . Now , he wants to use this incident as an opportunity to turn the animosity between governments to animosity between the people . This is very dangerous . " Despite the tensions , al-Assad draws a distinction between the Turkish government and Israel , its longtime adversary . He said he does n't see Turkey as an enemy . Al-Assad criticized Turkey for cutting off ties between its army and Syria 's . That hurt communication after the downing , he said . "  We would have handled the matter between military officials , " he said . "  However , in the recent months we do not even have a telephone number anymore of a Turkish commander to call in case of an emergency . " Asked under what conditions he would leave his position , al-Assad said , "  If millions of people in my country do n't want me , of course I would go . Why would I sit where I am not wanted ? " A report published by Human Rights Watch accused the Syrian regime of carrying out "  a state policy of torture " to crush dissent . The group , citing interviews with more than 200 former prisoners and security officers who defected , identified 27 detention centers across Syria where prisoners were tortured . The carnage has spiked in recent days , with at least 109 people killed Sunday and 114 people killed Monday , opposition activists said . At least 71 deaths were recorded Tuesday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . CNN can not independently confirm the reports of casualties or violence because Syria restricts access by international journalists . Al-Assad 's forces are showing signs of fracture , with reports of defections growing . At least 258 people , including soldiers , officers and their relatives fled Monday , said Col. Malek Kurdi , deputy commander of the rebel Free Syrian Army . He said it was not certain how many were soldiers and how many were relatives . As violence raged , diplomats and dissidents continued to search for ways to resolve the problem . Opposition groups have been meeting in Cairo , Egypt , in an attempt to unify their platform . World powers huddled Saturday in Geneva , Switzerland , in an attempt to devise steps to end the crisis . Ahmad Fawzi , spokesman for Kofi Annan , the U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy to Syria , called the meeting "  an accomplishment , " with all parties coming together to agree on the need for a transitional governing body in Syria . Speaking to reporters Tuesday , he said Russia and China , which have pushed back on tough world action against al-Assad 's regime , "  will put their full backing behind this agreement and do whatever they can do . " "  We are appealing to the parties to take a deep breath and step back from the brink and look long and hard at the proposals on the table because they form a framework for a solution , " he said . The group in Switzerland agreed that both the regime and opposition fighters should immediately observe a cease-fire and implement Annan 's six-point peace plan without waiting for the actions of others . The transitional government could include members of the current Syrian regime , making it theoretically possible that al-Assad could be be a part of any transition . Annan pointed out that the Syrians will decide the makeup . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan , Yesim Comert and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : The Tuesday death toll stands at 71 , an opposition group said Bashar al-Assad : Israeli planes have used the same corridor where Turkish jet was downed Al-Assad : Turkey 's prime minister wants to stir up animosities Envoy Kofi Annan 's spokesman says forging peace will be "  a long , bumpy road "
CNN  -- High ranking officials in North Korea on Wednesday paid their respects during the state funeral of the country 's second-highest ranking military officer , Jo Myong Rok , according to the official Korean Central News Agency . Jo , 82 , was vice marshal of the Korean People 's Army . He died of a heart attack on Saturday , state media said . The high-ranking army official made history in 2000 when he became the first North Korean military officer ever to enter the U.S. Pentagon , later meeting then-President Bill Clinton . Jo 's casket was carried by an armored car and escorted by motorcycles away from Pyongyang 's Central Hall of Workers where mourners were permitted to gather , state media reported . The country 's longtime leader Kim Jong Il and his son Kim Jong Un were among members of the funeral committee , state media said . Jo 's death has fueled speculation over new leadership in North Korea . "  The old guard is fading in influence , " said Scott Snyder , North Korea expert at the New York-based Council on Foreign Relations . "  It 's not clear if Kim Jong Un actually needs more titles to make it clear that he is on the rise , " he said , referring to Kim Jong Il 's son . North Korea has been ruled by the Kim family since 1948 , and it is widely anticipated that Kim Jong Un will eventually succeed his father , but little is known about the apparent successor . The son of Kim 's third wife , who died in 2004 from breast cancer , Kim Jong Un reportedly studied under a false name at the International School in Bern , Switzerland , before attending the Kim Il Sung military academy in Pyongyang . Some North Korea analysts believe , on the other hand , that he may never have left North Korea .	High ranking officials attend state funeral of the country 's second-highest ranking military officer In 2000 , Jo became the first North Korean military officer ever to enter the U.S. Pentagon Jo 's death fuels speculation over leadership in North Korea as the "  old guard ' ages
LEESBURG , Virginia  CNN  -- The clock is ticking for Ray O'Bryhim : he has less than a week to sell his last 40 cars . This Virginia dealership can not legally sell any new Chryslers , Dodges or Jeeps after June 9 . His ads for Pohanka Chrysler-Dodge scream , "  Everything must go , regardless of profit ! " On June 9 , his franchise to sell new Chryslers and Dodges will be terminated , along with those of almost 800 other Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep dealers nationwide . This comes as a result of Chrysler 's announcement last month that they would shrink their dealer base in the United States . O'Bryhim can not legally sell any new cars he has left after June 9 -- and because the manufacturer is in bankruptcy protection it is n't obligated to take them back . A customer comes out of his showroom with the keys in her hand for a new Dodge Nitro SUV she just bought . She wo n't give her name , because she took the day off work to pounce on the discount . But she says she has been monitoring new-car prices for months , and they just took a steep dive , so she came in and made off like a bandit . O'Bryhim points to a new Nitro he has discounted 40 % off the sticker : $ 17,510 instead of the MSRP of $ 29,170 . Soon , he says , he may mark it down even further . "  As we get closer to June 9 , " he says , "  we 're going to have to do what we have to do to move these cars . " Watch how dealerships are making record price cuts " His salesmen have sold 80 cars in the 19 days since their termination letter arrived , with the cars and minivans selling faster than the trucks . Nationwide , Chrysler 's terminated dealers had about 44,000 cars sitting on their lots when they got their notifications May 14 . Chrysler spokeswoman Kathy Graham says the company plans to help redistribute any leftover inventory to the 2,400 surviving dealers , who could otherwise run low while factories are idled . "  Our manufacturing facilities have been shut down since May 1 , " she said . "  We have dealers that are looking for inventory . " Down the street at Dulles Motor Cars , Hamid and Kevin Saghafi have sold off about half their $ 1.5 million inventory of Jeeps . Hamid says they are "  taking a beating , " asking $ 10,000 less than the invoice price for high-end models like the Jeep Commander . But he still worries they wo n't be able to sell them all in time . "  Chrysler has told us they 're going to help us send these cars to other dealers ' inventories , " he says . "  But we do n't know what kind of prices we 're going to be offered . " The affected dealerships are not only furiously trying to sell off their inventory ; at the same time , they are trying to figure out what they will do once they stop selling new Chryslers , and how they can save the jobs of their employees . Pohanka will focus on service and used-car sales , or maybe switch to another brand ; Dulles will focus on the two other brands they already sell , Subaru and Kia . How much do the Saghafi brothers stand to lose in shutting their Jeep showroom ? "  Millions , " says Kevin . CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Nearly 800 Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep dealerships must stop selling new cars by June 9 The company is n't buying the inventory back because it is bankrupt Chrysler has only offered to help find surviving dealerships willing to buy the cars As a result , the owners of the closing dealerships are suffering huge losses
Atlanta  CNN  The shooting rocked a quiet suburb on a sunny weekend afternoon . A sheriff 's deputy said he 'd never seen so many victims at once . A neighbor described the horror of seeing a child 's body lying in the street . A gunman parked down the street from his ex-wife 's home in Douglas County , Georgia , sneaked up on the house and opened fire Saturday , witnesses told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . Cedric G. Prather , 33 , took his own life after shooting six people , the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office said Sunday . Four of the people he shot were killed , including a 7-year-old child who died at the scene and a 9-year-old who later died at the hospital . Latoya A. Andrews , 33 , and Joseph Terry Brown , 33 , were also killed . A 15-year-old and an 8-year-old remain hospitalized in critical condition , the Sheriff 's Office said . Authorities in the Atlanta suburb have said they 're still trying to piece together details about the relationship between the shooter and the victims and plan to discuss it in more detail at a briefing scheduled for Monday . Multiple victims were shot in the street , Sheriff 's Chief Deputy Stan Copeland told WSB . In his 38 years on the job , he said "  he 'd  never seen this many victims in one shooting . " "  Neighbors are in shock , " he said . Neighbor Julie Futral told WSB she saw a child 's body in the road . "  It 's very devastating , " she said , "  especially for the children . " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Officials have identified the gunman as Cedric G. Prather Witnesses say the shooting occurred at his ex-wife 's house He shot six people before ending his own life ; four died , including two children
CNN  -- When they 're not hunting bad guys , the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation has designed a smartphone application for concerned parents . Child ID , the first mobile app made by the FBI , provides parents with a place to keep information about their children handy in case of an emergency . Parents can create separate entries for each kid , complete with photos , height , weight and other descriptive details . Then if a child disappears at the shopping mall , for example , a parent can quickly reference the info from her phone when filing a report to police . The app also has buttons for calling 911 or the national missing children hotline , as well as for transmitting the data about a lost child over the Internet . For anyone skittish about creating dossiers of their family within software conceived by the feds , the FBI lists an "  important note " stating : "  the FBI  and iTunes for that matter  is not collecting or storing any photos or information that you enter in the app . " The data is kept in the device 's memory and only transmitted when using the app for sending a report , the FBI says . Child ID debuted Friday as a free download for Apple iPhone and iPod Touch owners . The FBI plans to release versions of the program for other phones later , the government agency said in a statement . While the FBI is a newbie when it comes to building mobile apps , several other U.S. federal agencies have already released applications . The Internal Revenue Service , the Office of Personnel Management , the State Department , the Transportation Security Administration and the White House all have apps . Many are listed on USA.gov . The U.S. government seems to favor Apple 's mobile platform for many of its software releases . Aneesh Chopra , the White House 's technology chief , told the blog Switched two years ago that he uses a BlackBerry for work and an iPhone as his personal device .	The FBI released its first iPhone app on Friday Child ID allows parents to catalog profiles of their children in case they go missing The app is available as a free download for iPhone and iPod Touch owners
CNN  -- One night , back when I was Robert Griffin III 's age , I drank six glasses of grain alcohol mixed with grape-flavored Juicy Juice . My roommate Anthony said it was a bad idea . My other roommate , Chris , also said it was a bad idea . My closest friend , Daniel , insisted it was n't merely a bad idea but the worst idea ever . "  You barely touch booze , " he said . "  This wo n't end well . " "  Quiet , " I replied . "  I can handle it . " That night , in room 102 of Russell Hall A at the University of Delaware , I vomited into a toilet for 45 straight minutes . Anthony , who was kindly holding up my head as the cool water reflected onto my face , repeatedly muttered , "  I told you so . ... I told you so . " Alas , I was but a child . I lacked the maturity and wisdom to know what was for my own good . Sunday evening , during his team 's 24-14 playoff loss to the Seattle Seahawks , Griffin , the Washington Redskins ' star rookie quarterback , insisted on remaining in the game despite being tossed around like a Raggedy Andy doll with the stuffing yanked out of its legs . During the first half , Griffin reinjured his previously sprained right knee after falling awkwardly while rolling out of the pocket . He rose gingerly and moments later could be seen behind the Redskins ' bench , having tape applied . This was nothing new for the kid . Earlier this season , in a December 9 game against the Ravens , Griffin sprained his lateral collateral ligament , missed the following week and returned with an awkwardly fitted black brace wrapped around the knee . SI : First slowed and then silenced , RGIII injury spells end for Redskins This time , with the season on the line , Griffin and Mike Shanahan , Washington 's coach , engaged in a halftime conversation . According to Shanahan , the quarterback told him , "  Coach , there 's a difference between being injured and hurt . I can guarantee you I 'm hurt right now . Give me a chance to win this football game , because I guarantee I 'm not injured . " So Griffin -- in his "  six glasses of grain alcohol mixed with grape-flavored Juicy Juice " moment -- returned . And was pummeled . His once Willie Gault-esque speed was gone . His tight spirals had been replaced by Ryan Lindley-esque ducks . It reminded one not of a football game so much as the 1982 heavyweight title fight between Larry Holmes and Randall  Tex  Cobb , the one where Cobb left the ring so bloodied and beaten that Howard Cosell never again worked the sport . Much like prize fighters , defensive football players are trained to locate an opponent 's weakness and exploit it . If a guy 's arm is black and blue , nail it with the crown of your helmet . If a linemen is having trouble seeing with his left eye , gouge the right . There Sunday , in the pummeled form of RGIII , stood a walking , talking weakness . A battered quarterback , defenseless without his tools . The Seahawks , rightly , exploited it . When Shanahan heard Griffin 's plea , he should have looked across the locker room at his son , Kyle Shanahan , who serves as the team 's offensive coordindator . Were RGIII his son  and not merely his quarterback  , would he have sent him back on the field , sans a leg ? Would he have forced Kyle to face one of the NFL 's most vicious defenses without a full arsenal ? Shanahan should have thought of all the retired NFL players who can no longer walk , can no longer drive , can no longer feed themselves , who -- in the name of toughness and staying on the field -- are pathetic shells of their former selves . It has been reported that , earlier in the season , James Andrews , the renowned orthopedist , never cleared Griffin to play against the Ravens , that Shanahan had ignored proper protocols in the name of winning a stupid football game .  Shanahan disputes this , however . But if Andrews had not cleared Griffin to play , the Redskins organization should be ashamed . If that 's the case , Robert Griffin III should n't be asking himself whether he can play . He should be asking himself whether anyone in power cares for his well-being . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : We do things when we 're young and foolish ; wiser heads try to stop us On Sunday , Redskins quarterback stayed in the game , worsening a leg injury He says coach let him go back in ; Seahawks saw weakness , pummeled him Pearlman : Shanahan should n't have let him play ; too many players ruined like this
CNN  -- Women 1-0 Men ? If sponsorship of professional women 's sport has traditionally lagged behind its male equivalent , the Women 's Tennis Association  WTA  fired a shot across the gender divide Tuesday by announcing a $ 525 million 10-year media deal . Describing the deal as "  groundbreaking , " the WTA 's agreement with media organization PERFORM seeks to win greater exposure for the women 's game . "  This is a game-changing and historic moment for our fans and for women 's sport , " WTA Chairman & CEO Stacey Allaster said in a statement . "  Our new broadcast strategy to produce all 2000 main draw singles matches in partnership with PERFORM will deliver exponential global exposure for our players , tournaments and partners . " Allaster told the New York Times the deal was the "  largest in women 's sports history " and more than "  doubles the $ 21 million the WTA currently receives . " As part of the agreement , the WTA and PERFORM will set up a joint venture -- WTA Media -- which will deliver the content across television , the internet , mobile as well as social media . "  We are strong believers in the exceptional sport entertainment value of the WTA and are committed to driving the value for all WTA members and partners , " said PERFORM 's Joint-CEO , Simon Denyer .	WTA announces 10-year media deal worth $ 525 million Agreement with media organization PERFORM Deal designed to promote women 's game across different media channels
CNN  -- Ireland opened the defense of their Six Nations rugby title with a 29-11 victory at home to Italy , while England repelled the challenge of Wales to win 30-17 in Saturday 's other match . Ireland , who won all five matches last year to complete a Grand Slam , led 23-8 at halftime in Dublin but could not run away with victory against a determined visiting team . Recalled flyhalf Ronan O'Gara became the first player to score 500 points in the tournament as he was successful with all six kicks at goal , while Jamie Heaslip and Tomas O'Leary crossed for first-half tries . Italy 's only try came just before halftime , despite the sin-binning of center Gonzalo Garcia meaning coach Nick Mallett 's team were reduced to 14 men , after a charge-down of Rob Kearney 's kick by Kaine Robertson . "  It 's not easy to click immediately having only been together for two weeks and not having played together since November , " Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll told reporters . "  There is plenty to improve on . It 's the first one and job done . We 'll take the positives out of it and move on . We showed an ability in the first half to turn defense into attack and the amount of lineout ball we won was a big plus . "  We made some good line breaks but did n't finish them off . Maybe we need to improve our support play . " England flanker James Haskell scored two tries to lift the pressure on head coach Martin Johnson , as Wales paid the price for Alun-Wyn Jones ' sin-binning with 17 points conceded while the lock was off the field at Twickenham . The match was level at 3-3 when Jones was yellow-carded for leg-tripping England hooker Dylan Hartley , and the hosts subsequently scored a penalty and two converted tries , Haskell 's first in Tests and another five minutes after halftime by scrumhalf Danny Care . Wales battled back to 20-17 down with eight minutes left as Jones made some amends by setting up prop Adam Jones for a try and then James Hook crossed for another . But four minutes later Haskell went over again thanks to Delon Armitage 's interception , and then Jonny Wilkinson kicked his third penalty , this one from the halfway line to give the flyhalf 15 points for the match . Wales coach Warren Gatland was furious after Jones ' indiscipline cost his side dear . "  We are frustrated and disappointed . We felt that was a game that has slipped from our grasp , " the New Zealander told reporters . "  The yellow card has cost us 17 points -- it was one of those things , stupid . It was massive . Sometimes those things are very , very costly , and it was for us today . "  We had stressed discipline over the past two weeks and talked about giving nothing soft away , and it is frustrating we have done that . He has made an impulsive decision , and hopefully it is a learning experience for him and he does n't do it again . " France travel to Scotland for the opening round 's other match on Sunday .	Ireland open defense of Six Nations rugby title with 29-11 victory at home to Italy Flyhalf Ronan O'Gara becomes first player to score 500 points in the tournament England defeat Wales 30-17 at Twickenham as visitors pay for Alun Wyn-Jones ' sin-binning Hosts score 17 points while lock is off field for leg-tripping England 's Dylan Hartley
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A warning of more attacks on UK bankers was made on Wednesday after the home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Fred Goodwin was vandalized . A recovery vehicle removes a Mercedes from the Edinburgh home of Fred Goodwin . Windows were smashed in Goodwin 's house in the Scottish capital Edinburgh and those of a Mercedes-Benz limousine parked outside . It is not known if anyone was at home at the time . Goodwin -- dubbed "  Fred the Shred " by the media for his ruthless cost-cutting -- and his family have not been living in the house since it was revealed that the 50-year-old Goodwin was receiving an annual pension of $ 1 million  # 700,000  for life . A statement issued to media organizations including the Press Association after the attack said : "  We are angry that rich people , like him , are paying themselves a huge amount of money and living in luxury , while ordinary people are made unemployed , destitute and homeless . "  Bank bosses should be jailed . This is just the beginning . " No group was named in the message and it did not explicitly claim responsibility for the attack . Goodwin took early retirement after RBS nearly collapsed amid the economic crisis and was later part-nationalized . Watch more on the attack " On the same day as the size of his pension was revealed RBS announced a UK record loss of $ 34.6 billion  # 24.1 billion  for 2008 . Politicians and commentators have expressed fury about the deal and excessive bonuses being given by bailed-out banks . Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling , head of the Treasury , urged Goodwin to give up his pension . He refused , saying he had already given up a number of contractual rights which had cost him a lot of money . Watch consternation at Goodwin 's # 16 million pension fund " The statement warning of more attacks on bankers came days after AIG sent a memo to employees giving them security advice as fury grows in the U.S. over millions paid out in bonuses by the bailed-out U.S. insurance giant . Employees were warned not to wear the company logo , to travel in pairs and park in well-lit places , and to phone security if they notice anyone "  spending an inordinate amount of time near an AIG facility . " AIG employees have received death threats since the company handed out $ 165 million  # 115 million  in bonuses and security at AIG offices has been increased . And last month British police warned that officers were preparing for a "  summer of rage " as protests mount across Europe against the economic crisis . David Hartshorn , who heads the Metropolitan Police 's public order branch , said growing unemployment , failing companies and the recession could spark a "  mass protest . " Hartshorn said the G-20 economic summit starting next week could lead to unrest as leaders of the world 's richest nations head to London .	Scottish home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Fred Goodwin vandalized Statement issued to media oorganizations warns of more attacks on bankers Embattled U.S. insurance giant AIG last week gave employees security advice Last month British police said officers were preparing for "  summer of rage "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Troubled relations between North and South Korea suffered a fresh blow Friday after Seoul decided to withdraw all its remaining citizens from the manufacturing zone jointly operated by the two . The televised announcement by South Korean Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-jae followed North Korea 's dismissal of a request for talks about the deteriorating situation at Kaesong Industrial Complex . Pyongyang halted activity at the complex this month amid heightened tensions in the region . The South Koreans ' imminent departure bodes ill for the future of the zone , the last major symbol of cooperation between the two countries . It had continued to operate throughout previous inter-Korean tensions during the past eight years . In the past two months , tensions on the Korean Peninsula has been rich in saber-rattling and short on concrete actions . But the Kaesong complex , which is on the North 's side of the border and houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies , appears to have become a significant victim . Growing suffering Ryoo said the decision to withdraw the roughly 175 South Koreans was a result of their "  growing suffering caused by the unjust actions of the North , " which has been preventing workers , as well as food and medical supplies , from crossing the border into the zone for the past several weeks . In an apparent last ditch attempt to resolve the crisis Thursday , South Korea proposed formal talks with the North , warning of serious consequences if the offer was rejected . ` Deceptive ' offer rejected But the North spurned the proposal . In a statement on state media Friday , a spokesman for the North Korean National Defense Commission described Seoul 's offer of talks about the complex as "  deceptive . " It said that if Seoul "  keeps aggravating the situation , " it would "  be forced to take the final decisive and crucial measure first . " The South Koreans who remain in the complex are believed to have been looking after the idle factories there . Ryoo said Friday that the South Korean government would support the companies invested in the complex so they can continue with their business activities . Suspending activity Earlier this month , during a frenzy of fiery rhetoric directed at South Korea and the United States , the North began blocking South Koreans from entering the complex across the heavily fortified border . It then pulled out the more than 50,000 North Koreans who work in the zone 's factories , saying it was temporarily suspending activity there . The move surprised some observers since Kaesong was considered to be a key source of hard currency for the regime of Kim Jong Un . The situation on the Korean Peninsula deteriorated after the North carried out its latest underground nuclear test in February , prompting the U.N. Security Council to tighten sanctions on the regime in Pyongyang . The tougher sanctions , together with joint U.S.-South Korean military training exercises in South Korea , intensified North Korea 's threats against Washington and Seoul . The North 's ominous language , which unnerved the United States enough for it to move missile-defense systems into the region , had appeared to calm somewhat recently . And the U.S.-South Korean military exercises are due to end in the coming days . Remarks against ` U.S. imperialists ' But at an event to celebrate the anniversary of the creation of the North Korean military on Thursday , senior officials made remarks that revived the theme of nuclear attack against "  U.S. imperialists , " something the North repeatedly used in its rhetoric over the past two months . ` One click away ' North Korean pilots "  once given a sortie order , will load nuclear bombs , instead of fuel for return , and storm enemy strongholds to blow them up , " the state-run news agency cited one commander , Ri Pyong Chol , as saying at the event in Pyongyang on Thursday . And Strategic Rocket Force Cmdr. Kim Rak Gyom was reported as saying that North Korea 's "  inter-continental ballistic missiles have set the dens of the brigandish U.S. imperialists as their first target and officers and men of the Strategic Rocket Force are one click away from pushing the launch button . " Earlier this month , a U.S. congressman disclosed a Defense Intelligence Agency assessment that judged with "  moderate confidence " that the North can deliver a nuclear device with a missile , though with "  low " reliability . But James Clapper , the director of national intelligence , later told the Senate Armed Services Committee that other U.S. intelligence agencies do n't share the DIA 's conclusion . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : Seoul says it will support the companies invested in the zone South Korea says it will pull out its citizens from the zone The North describes the South 's offer of talks as "  deceptive " North Korea suspended activity at the joint industrial zone this month
CNN  -- Wednesday marks day 2,000 since retired FBI agent Robert Levinson disappeared in Iran , and the State Department is urging Tehran to provide information on his whereabouts . "  Determining Mr. Levinson 's whereabouts and reuniting him safely with his family continues to be a priority for the U.S. government . The United States also continues to welcome the assistance of our international partners in this investigation , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . An FBI reward of $ 1 million for information leading to Levinson 's safe return still stands . Levinson , who became a private investigator after retiring from the FBI , was working on a cigarette smuggling case when he disappeared more than five years ago while on a business trip on Iran 's Kish island on March 8 , 2007 . The State Department has consistently denied Levinson was working for the U.S. government and has unsuccessfully pressed Tehran for information . Read more : Who is missing American Robert Levinson ? In March 2011 , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced the U.S. government had received indications that Levinson was being held by a group in a region that includes the border areas of Afghanistan , Iran , and Pakistan . At the time , the Iranian government said it would make inquiries about Levinson but did not know what happened to him . Later , the FBI said it did not know what group was holding Levinson , what the group 's demands might be or even a reason for his capture . Whoever his captors are , they sent a "  proof of life " videotape and photographs of Levinson to his family in 2010 . In the video , Levinson asked the U.S. government for help : "  Please help me get home , " said a gaunt-looking Levinson on the tape , citing his 33 years of service in the FBI as a reason for that assistance . Levinson suffers from diabetes and appeared to have lost 50 to 60 pounds since his capture . He turned 64 on March 10 . In addition to his wife of 38 years , Levinson has seven children and two grandchildren . Levinson 's family aired their angst and anguish in a statement released Tuesday : "  Two thousand days since Bob has heard the voices of his children and his wife , and since we have heard his . Two thousand days since he has worn the clothes in his closet -- which we are sure no longer fit him - and 2,000 days since he has slept on his side of the bed . "  It is time for Bob to be released . " CNN 's Deborah Doft and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Retired FBI Special Agent Robert Levinson vanished in 2007 He was working as a private investigator The U.S. "  reiterates its call on the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran , " official says The FBI is offering $ 1 million for information leading to Levinson 's safe return
CNN  -- The stepfather of a missing Maryland boy was charged Thursday with first-degree murder after the boy 's mother was found dead , police said . Curtis Lopez , 45 , was arrested Thursday morning in Charlotte , North Carolina , after a warrant was issued , said Chief Tom Manger of the Montgomery County , Maryland , police . An Amber Alert has been issued for the boy , 11-year-old William McQuain , who remains missing , police said . Homicide detectives from Montgomery County were on their way to Charlotte on Thursday . "  Our focus and our priority now is locating William McQuain , " Manger told reporters Thursday . He held up two pictures of the sixth-grader , one a class picture and the other showing him in a baseball uniform . The case began Wednesday afternoon when a friend of the boy 's mother reported her missing , saying he had not seen her for about two weeks and that he was concerned for her welfare , Manger said . Police learned her son had not been in school since Sept. 30 . When detectives arrived at the woman 's home in Germantown , they found Jane McQuain , 51 , dead in her bedroom with evidence of trauma to her upper body , Manger said . Her son was not there and the woman 's vehicle , a Honda CRV , was gone . Lopez was McQuain 's husband and had been known to frequent her residence but did not appear to live there , Manger said . Witnesses told police they saw him recently at the home , removing property and loading it into McQuain 's Honda , he said . The car was found Thursday morning , but police would not reveal where . Detectives contacted Lopez on Wednesday night , before they found McQuain 's body , Manger said . Once the body was found and the case was ruled a homicide , Lopez , based on his inconsistent statements , became a person of interest , he said . "  We were hoping that we would find  William  with Mr. Lopez and we did not , so we are asking for the public 's help in locating 11-year-old William McQuain , " Manger said . "  My hope is that he may be with a family member or a friend that perhaps has no idea what 's occurred with his mother , but as time goes on it becomes , I guess , more and more of a long shot that that 's the case , " he said . Jane McQuain was probably dead for 10 to 12 days before police found her , Manger said . Police believe Lopez may have had a residence in North Carolina , Capt. Paul Starks of the Montgomery County police told CNN , but they have few other details linking him to the area . William McQuain is described as a light-skinned African-American , about 5 feet tall and weighing about 85 pounds . Anyone with information on his whereabouts is urged to call 911 , police said . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : Police charge boy 's stepfather with murder of his mother Amber Alert has been issued for William McQuain , 11 The sixth-grader was last seen at school September 30 His mother was found dead in the home Wednesday , police say
CNN  -- A single phone call by Osama bin Laden 's trusted courier tipped off U.S. officials to his Pakistan compound , ultimately leading to the raid that killed the al Qaeda leader , a senior Pakistani intelligence official told CNN Saturday . The telephone call the courier made was "  not the final one -- it was the initial piece of evidence " that sparked the focus on the compound in Abbottabad , the official said . Four years ago , U.S. officials uncovered the identity of a trusted bin Laden courier -- later identified as a Kuwaiti named Abu Ahmad -- whom they believed was living with and protecting the al Qaeda leader . The Washington Post , citing U.S. intelligence officials , reported Friday that Americans had intercepted a "  catch-up phone call " Ahmad took from an old friend . "  This is where you start the movie about the hunt for bin Laden , " one U.S. official briefed on the intelligence-gathering leading up to the early Monday raid on the compound told the Washington Post . The Pakistani official told CNN the phone call was made by the courier , though he did n't know when . The courier and his brother were among those killed in Monday 's raid . In recent days , the materials taken from bin Laden 's compound continued to yield a trove of intelligence , including details about a possible attack on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . At a briefing Saturday focusing on the intelligence aspects of the raid , U.S. officials released five videos showing the al Qaeda leader . They were seized at his compound . One video looks like a home movie , a portrait of a graying man watching television , but it is an image that suggests how conscious bin Laden was of his image . The other videos showed him in more formal attire , making remarks , but U.S. officials removed the audio in all five videos . As early as February 2010 , al Qaeda members discussed a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks over bridges and valleys , the alert said , according to one law enforcement official . The plan was to be executed later this year , coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks , though no specific rail system was identified , the official said . The Department of Homeland Security confirmed a notice was sent to federal , state , local and tribal authorities . "  We have no information of any imminent terrorist threat to the U.S. rail sector , but wanted to make sure our partners are aware of the alleged plotting . It is unclear if any further planning has been conducted since February of last year , " spokesman Matt Chandler said . Rail agencies across the United States heightened security . A U.S. official said that "  valuable information has been gleaned already " from the information gathered at bin Laden 's compound , though no specific plots or terrorist suspects were identified . But the material suggests that al Qaeda was particularly interested in striking Washington , New York , Los Angeles and Chicago , according to the law enforcement official who spoke on condition of anonymity . U.S. authorities have found that al Qaeda appeared especially interested in striking on significant dates like July 4 , Christmas and the opening day of the United Nations . The material seized from the compound included audio and video equipment , suggesting bin Laden may have taped messages there , a U.S. official said . Ten hard drives , five computers and more than 100 storage devices , such as disks and thumb drives , were also found , a senior U.S. official told CNN . Dozens of people in Abbottabad have been arrested because of their suspected connections to the compound where Osama bin Laden was shot and killed , a Pakistani intelligence official said Friday . Investigators want to know whether any of the people are al Qaeda members or sympathizers . The United States and Pakistan have been allies for years in the anti-terrorism effort , but U.S. concerns that Pakistanis have n't been robust enough in the fight against Islamic militants and suspected U.S. drone attacks that killed innocent civilians have heightened tensions . Another suspected drone strike killed 12 suspected militants on Friday in the Pakistani tribal region . Questions remain over why and how Pakistani intelligence officials could not have known bin Laden was hiding out in the city , which is home to a military academy and has a strong military presence . Pakistani armed forces chiefs issued a statement Thursday admitting "  shortcomings in developing intelligence " on the terrorist leader 's presence in the country . The army chief of staff , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , "  made it very clear that any similar action , violating the sovereignty of Pakistan , will warrant a review on the level of military/intelligence cooperation with the United States , " the statement said . Since the raid , Pakistan has ordered U.S. military personnel on its territory drawn down to the "  minimum essential " level , the statement said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. officials release five edited videos found at bin Laden 's compound Phone call was the "  initial piece of evidence " leading to compound , Pakistani official says The phone call was made to an old friend by bin Laden 's courier , Post reports Time of the phone call is unclear
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Hydroxycut products , popular dietary supplements used for weight loss , have been linked to liver damage and are being recalled , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Friday . The FDA has received 23 reports of serious liver injuries , including a death , linked to Hydroxycut products . The FDA said it has received 23 reports of serious liver injuries linked to Hydroxycut products , which are also used as energy enhancers and as fat burners . The reports include the 2007 death of a 19-year-old man living in the Southwest , which was reported to the FDA in March . Other serious liver problems reported included liver damage that resulted in a transplant in 2002 , liver failure , jaundice , seizures and cardiovascular problems . The FDA is warning consumers to immediately stop using 14 Hydroxycut products manufactured by Iovate Health Sciences Inc. of Oakville , Ontario , and distributed by Iovate Health Sciences USA Inc. of Blasdell , New York . The company is voluntarily recalling the following products : Hydroxycut Regular Rapid Release Caplets , Hydroxycut Caffeine-Free Rapid Release Caplets , Hydroxycut Hardcore Liquid Caplets , Hydroxycut Max Liquid Caplets , Hydroxycut Regular Drink Packets , Hydroxycut Caffeine-Free Drink Packets , Hydroxycut Hardcore Drink Packets  Ignition Stix  , Hydroxycut Max Drink Packets , Hydroxycut Liquid Shots , Hydroxycut Hardcore RTDs  Ready-to-Drink  , Hydroxycut Max Aqua Shed , Hydroxycut 24 , Hydroxycut Carb Control and Hydroxycut Natural . Watch more on the FDA 's concern " According to the FDA , last year , Iovate sold more than 9 million units of Hydroxycut products , which were distributed widely to grocery stores , health food stores and pharmacies . "  The FDA urges consumers to discontinue use of Hydroxycut products in order to avoid any undue risks . Adverse events are rare , but exist . Consumers should consult a physician or other health care professional if they experience symptoms possibly associated with these products , " said Dr. Linda Katz , interim chief medical officer of the FDA 's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition . Liver damage is rare , but patients who experienced problems were taking doses recommended on the product label , the FDA said . Symptoms include brown urine , nausea , vomiting , fatigue , stomach pain , itching and light-colored stools . The FDA has not determined what specific ingredients are responsible for the problems , because the products contain a variety of overlapping ingredients and herbal extracts . Dietary supplements sold before October 1994 are not required to undergo any FDA review before going to market . The Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 required manufacturers to ensure a supplement to be safe before marketing . But manufacturers still do n't need to register a product with the FDA or get approval before selling a supplement . The agency can take action against an unsafe supplement once it 's on the market . Since December 2007 , any serious adverse event reported to the manufacturer must now be reported to the FDA within 15 days . The Council for Responsible Nutrition , the leading trade association representing the dietary supplement industry , said that both the FDA and Iovate "  took appropriate action today . " "  We commend FDA for warning consumers of a potential safety problem associated with these products , and were encouraged to see that the company -- Iovate Health Sciences -- agreed to recall the products from the market until further determinations can be made , " said Steve Mister , the council 's president and CEO .	FDA recalls Hydroxycut products after 23 liver injuries and one death Hydroxycut products used as popular dietary supplement for weight loss Damage from product : liver failure , jaundice , seizures , cardiovascular problems
CNN  -- Nina Davuluri changed the face of the American girl next door after she became the first Miss America of Indian descent . Her historic win introduced Bollywood dance into the talent portion of the contest that , up until 60 years ago , required contestants to be in "  good health and of the white race . " But not everyone appreciated the history she was making . Negative responses on social media made headlines after her win . Davuluri says she expected some of that reaction . After all , she faced that when she won Miss New York , too . " -LSB- F -RSB- or every negative comment or post or tweet that I received , I received hundreds and thousands of words of encouragement and support , " said Davuluri , a graduate of the University of Michigan . "  And that 's still very true , even in my interactions in this past month on the road with various people , just so many positive , positive remarks . " Growing up in a predominantly white Midwest town , she had become accustomed to answering questions about arranged marriages , cow worship and the meaning of "  red dots on foreheads . " "  I was raised in a very Indian household , " she said . "  And so for my parents it was really difficult for them to assimilate with the American culture . And that 's what I encourage -- assimilation has to happen from both sides , it ca n't be one-sided . " Opinion : Miss America , Julie Chen and the beauty of choice She has learned that lesson in her personal life , like when she introduced her traditional parents , whose marriage was arranged , to the boyfriend she had been dating for more than a year . "  I mean , I 'm 24 years old . I 'm a grown woman , " she said . "  It came down to the point where I said you can either accept this and be a part of it and ... take the opportunity to get to know him , or we can just pretend that it 's not happening . The choice is yours . " She says she is proud of how her own parents have adapted . Now she logs 20,000 airline miles per month traveling around the country sharing her platform on how to celebrate diversity through cultural competency by asking questions and learning about other cultures , and also to promote awareness of STEM education . In this edited conversation , she took some time to speak with CNN about why medical school seemed less risky than competing for Miss America , and how she was challenged to live her platform in her own household . CNN : The programs you 've worked with have focused on children in kindergarten through junior high about to address diversity through cultural competency . Is all hope lost for adults ? What have you found , particularly in the aftermath of the negative reaction to your being crowned , is the best way to address the topic with adults ? Davuluri : I certainly hope that not all hope is lost , and I do n't think it is , because my parents are a living example of that . One of the hardest things that I experienced was really living the platform in my own home . And I say that because , my parents -- you know -- I come from a very Indian household , and the reality of the situation is that you simply can not raise your children in America and expect them to be 100 % Indian . That 's not possible . And it should n't have to be , because we 're so influenced by our peers and our community and people around us . Personally , my parents had an arranged marriage . And so , the idea of dating is difficult for any parent , but especially more so for mine , because they never experienced it themselves . I 've been dating a gentleman for a little while ... and it was n't until I had been seeing him for a year-and-a-half that I did n't even tell my parents ! And I really , really wish that I 'd opened that conversation sooner than I did , because it really made -- I mean , it sounds really cheesy , but it really made us have a stronger relationship . I 'm not saying that it was any walk in the park , because it was a very difficult conversation to have . But at the end of the day , your parents want you to be happy . And so I 'm really thankful that I did it , but it 's still a constant struggle in my own home as well . CNN : When you say constant struggle , how did that manifest ? Was there a "  rule " to not date , or was there just an expectation ? Davuluri : It was just an expectation . We 'd never talked about it ... For me , med school was almost the easy path , I suppose . It was expected . It was something that was expected of me . I was just supposed to do it . But becoming Miss America , entering this organization , was something that gave me a sense of validity that I had never had , because it was solely my own , and I put my own name on it . And I 'm really proud to say that it 's OK to not fit the mold , or break the stereotype or whatever it is , and stick to your gut . CNN : What do you think was difficult about it for your parents ? Davuluri : I think it was more of the fact that in my parents ' mind , well , first you have to go to school , and then you have to go to med school and then you get married . And in my mind , I 'm like , well Prince Charming does n't just show up on my doorstep whenever I 'm ready to meet him ! CNN : So would you consider your boyfriend Prince Charming ? Davuluri , laughing : Well , I did n't go that far . He 's a great guy . CNN : In the South Asian community , there was pride about your win . There was also discussion about the notion that due to your skin tone , it 's unlikely you would win a beauty contest in India . How do you respond to that ? Was that something you heard ? Davuluri : I totally get it . When I was little it was always , "  Do n't go out into the sun , cause you 're going to get too dark . " I 'd go to India on average every year growing up and  some of my family  would say , "  Oh , you 'd be so much more beautiful if you were fair " or lighter . So I get it from that standpoint . But I also experienced both sides of it , because when I was in school , ... everyone was like , "  Oh my goodness , you have such beautiful skin , you 're so tan , you 're so beautiful . " So , it 's just the idea of wanting what we ca n't have . Just these standards of beauty that society says that they should be or thinks that they should be . I guess another silver lining is that these little girls in India can see  you do n't only have to be fair-skinned  to be beautiful . I hope that that can be some sort of symbol in that sense . CNN : How do you define beauty ? Davuluri : Is it cheesy if I say from the inside ? It is so true and I think that the biggest thing for me , being in this role is , regardless of the physical beauty , is that I want it to come from the inside . When I meet someone , I want it to be that genuine , interested person and having a genuine conversation . ... A smile goes a long way and being interested in that person you 're speaking with is what true beauty is . And just showing that you care about someone is what I hope to accomplish this year .	Nina Davuluri is the first Miss America winner of Indian descent Davuluri ran on a platform of "  celebrating diversity through cultural competency " It was a challenge to live her platform at home , she says Davuluri : "  Assimilation has to happen from both sides , it ca n't be one-sided . "
Denver  CNN  -- A Colorado advocacy group is spending thousands of dollars to convince people that smoking pot is safer than drinking alcohol . It 's an attempt by the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol to rally support for a vote in November that would legalize the drug for recreational use . Colorado legalized marijuana for medical use in 2000 . Last Friday , the group aired an advertisement on a local Denver channel during daytime programming encouraging people to "  start your conversation about marijuana . " The 30-second spot features a young woman typing a message to her mother on her laptop , explaining that after spending her college years drinking heavily , she now prefers marijuana because "  it 's less harmful ... I do n't get hung-over and honestly I feel safer around marijuana users . " The marketing campaign aims to "  break down the stereotype about who the typical marijuana user is , " explained the campaign 's co-director , Mason Tvert . "  Most of them are professional , hard-working people , " he said . The TV ad , which aired only on Friday , cost about $ 2,000 , according to Tvert . It may run again , depending on fund-raising efforts , he said . Last month , the campaign spent about $ 4,500 on a billboard near Denver 's  Sports Authority Field at  Mile High stadium -- purposely adjacent to the Mile High Liquors store -- to deliver a similar message , Tvert said . The billboard also features a woman , this one in her 50s , standing with her arms crossed next to the message : "  For many reasons , I prefer ... marijuana over alcohol . Does that make me a bad person ? " Watch the TV ad By attempting to change "  stereotypes " about marijuana users , the campaign hopes to make Colorado the first state to legalize recreational marijuana use . "  The goal is the choice -- to make sure adults have the choice to use a less harmful substance than alcohol , " Tvert said . Dr. Otis Brawley with the American Cancer Society questioned that conclusion . "  The problems of excessive alcohol use and the problems caused by any even minor smoking of marijuana are so different , I have difficulty comparing , " said Brawley , CNNhealth.com contributor and the American Cancer Society 's chief medical and scientific officer . "  There are short-term and long-term primarily pulmonary problems associated with marijuana  and  excessive alcohol use is long-term correlated with GI  gastrointestinal  and neurologic problems . " Study : Occasional pot smoking not as damaging as cigarettes Also debatable is whether the money generated by legalizing and regulating marijuana through taxes will outweigh the costs of creating government-run marijuana distribution centers . Tvert says the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol estimates that legalizing and regulating marijuana could generate $ 50 million a year in saved expenses and revenue . "  We 've been pushing very hard in Colorado and people agree , it 's not worth the law enforcement resources being used  to crack down on marijuana users  and it 's not worth losing out on the tax dollars , " he said . 22 million Americans use illegal drugs , study says Tvert said he was not aware of any criticism for the advertisement , noting that legalizing marijuana is "  one of the biggest issues in our state legislature in the last few years . " "  We live in a state that has made a lot of progress on the issue , " he said . "  It 's not as controversial as many other issues . " That 's partly because of the prevalence of medical marijuana dispensaries across the state . State-sanctioned marijuana dispensaries now outnumber Starbucks in Colorado and there are well over 100,000 people on the medical marijuana registry . Mobile marijuana clinic for Colorado 's rural residents Six years ago , an attempt to legalize marijuana in Colorado failed . This year 's initiative goes much further than the 2006 ballot , because it establishes a system that regulates and taxes the drug , Tvert said . He believes the infrastructure created by Colorado 's medical marijuana industry will help boost the chances that voters will approve legal recreational use of the drug . Residents are also more accustomed to the idea of a legalized form of the drug , now that medical marijuana dispensaries are a common sight across the state , Tvert said . "  We 're not asking people to imagine , as we would just two years ago , " he explained . "  People have seen that just because there 's a marijuana center in Colorado ... just because there might be a storefront in your town or city , it has n't caused any problems . " He noted that the initiative would allow cities and municipalities to "  opt out " of allowing marijuana sales , similar to "  dry counties " which ban the sale of alcohol . Colorado is n't the only state where voters will consider legalizing marijuana in the fall : there 's a similar ballot initiative in Washington and there could be one in Oregon , as well , if enough signatures are collected . "  There are actually ... close to 17 or 18 initiatives working their way to the ballots , " according to Sue Rusche , president and CEO of the non-profit anti-drug organization , National Families in Action . Rusche said her group 's main focus is to "  force the  marijuana  industry " to ensure that it does n't market the drug to children . "  We ask a question : if a state actually does legalize marijuana for recreational use ... what kind of things can we learn form the alcohol and tobacco industries in the way they 've marketed to kids ? " she said . "  What can we do to prevent that  marijuana  industry from marketing to kids ? " She said setting a legal age limit of 21 is not enough . "  We do not trust the advocates who are trying to legalize marijuana because we do n't believe they are willing to look at these other two industries  alcohol and tobacco  , " Rusche said . "  Everything we read in their initiative has to do with making money and not protecting kids . " If any marijuana initiative passes , Rusche said her group is interested in working with the state agencies that write the regulations in order "  to force the industry to self-police rather than  have  the taxpayers pay for the cost " of any negative consequences , including addiction treatment and accidents caused by driving under the influence . "  We want people to take marijuana legalization seriously and think seriously about the consequences to kids , " she said . When asked about Rusche 's concerns , Tvert said he was confident the marijuana industry would not target its product to minors . "  There 's a great deal of self-regulating already taking place -- business owners not choosing marijuana leaves or cartoon characters , " he said , referring to the medical marijuana industry . "  It 's an evolving industry  and  in theory , these are standards that are already being created . " That does n't mean the marijuana industry wo n't advertise its product in places where children might be present , though . "  It 's worth noting , every young person that walks into a professional baseball game in Colorado  at Coors Field  is walking into a beer commercial , " he said . "  So the notion that we somehow can not possibly have marijuana legal because young people will somehow know about it and see it , is unrealistic . " CNN 's Tricia Escobedo reported on this story from Atlanta and CNN 's Jim Spellman reported from Denver .	Voters to decide in fall whether Colorado will be the first state to allow recreational marijuana use Colorado medical marijuana dispensaries now outnumber Starbucks Marijuana linked to pulmonary problems ; excessive alcohol use linked to GI , neurologic issues Nationwide , more than a dozen initiatives are working their way toward state ballots
CNN  -- Anyone who climbs a high-security fence at an airport and scurries onto a runway would have to be drunk , on drugs or desperate , one might think . Two men -- at two separate airports in Newark , New Jersey , and Phoenix , Arizona -- did just that on Christmas day . One showed "  indications of possible drug and alcohol impairment . " The other was wearing woman 's clothing and was not interested in anything at the airport -- instead he was seeking safety from someone who frightened him , police said . Both men were charged with trespassing and released . The breach at Newark exposed a failure of a $ 100 million system designed to protect New York City area airports . The Phoenix fence hop was the fifth in a decade at that airport , CNN affiliate KPHO reported . Fleeing in woman 's clothing When Siyah Bryant , 24 , allegedly mounted the barrier at Newark Liberty International Airport , it went unnoticed for a day . On Thursday , a review of security camera footage revealed his ascent , according to Port Authority police . The cross-dressed suspect then ran across two runways to get to Terminal C , two police sources said . Nobody saw it , but he was literally on the screen at the time . The security apparatus in the Perimeter Intrusion Detection System  PIDS  made by Raytheon Co. combines radar with video cameras , motion detectors and "  smart " fencing , according to the maker 's website . The technology part worked . Someone else may not have . Cameras captured images of the intruder and an alarm went off . Police are investigating the actions of the person who monitors the images . An airport employee nabbed the suspect , Port Authority Police Chief Louie Koumoutsos said in a statement . He wants to know "  why it took an unacceptably long time for officers to locate and take into custody a suspect who was being held by an airport employee . " A law enforcement official , who is not authorized to speak publicly about the case , said Bryant told detectives he got spooked while in a car with someone and tried to get away , the official said . The fright was apparently enough to drive Bryant over two big barriers . He allegedly scaled an eight-foot exterior fence and then a 10-foot , high-tech fence equipped with motion sensors and CCTV cameras , said Paul Nunziato , a spokesman for airport police officers . Phoenix drunken folly ? Also on Christmas Day , police in Phoenix arrested 49-year-old Robert Bump after he allegedly ran onto the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport , police said . Tower officials saw a man climb over a fence and run onto the tarmac and taxiway , where he headed for a Southwest Airlines plane , Phoenix police spokesman James Holmes said . The pilot shut down the plane 's engines when told the man was approaching . The suspect , who appeared intoxicated , struck the plane 's engine with his hands before heading toward the terminal , where he was arrested . Deborah Ostreicher , deputy aviation director at the Phoenix airport , said Sky Harbor some years ago decided against installing PIDS fencing because it was costly and unproven . "  The technology was not something we felt was worth investing in , " she said . "  It was extremely expensive and not something we felt was warranted . " The airport instead relied on layers of security , including barbed-wire fences , cameras and the eyes of airport workers . Failures in PIDS , at Newark The Newark breach marked the pricey system 's second recent flub . A union official said the system did detect an intruder who scaled a fence at John F. Kennedy International Airport last week but the suspect was n't apprehended until 10 minutes after being detected by PIDS . "  If the system worked properly we would have caught the guy as he 's climbing the fence , " Nunziato said . The PIDS system generates many false positives and some cameras do n't work properly in dark areas . "  Sometimes when it rains , when the wind blows , " he said , "  the system shuts down . " In August 2012 , the PIDS at JFK airport failed to notice a man who walked onto a runway , authorities said . The man , who was arrested after being spotted by an airline employee , told police he was on a Jet Ski on Jamaica Bay adjacent to the runway and became stranded , according to the Port Authority . The man climbed onto the tarmac from the water , but the airport 's security system did not detect him . Nunziato said the authority resumed regular police patrols along the perimeters of airports after that breach . Jeff Price , an aviation expert and professor at Metropolitan State University of Denver , said the intrusion detection technology has been used around prisons and military bases for a long time but was relatively new to airports . "  In this case , you 've got older technology that 's proven in certain areas , but now you 've put it into a new environment , a new dynamic , " he said . There are no fixed standards for the systems because the federal Transportation Security Administration does n't require them , Price said . Security in and around airports , as opposed to gates and planes , is handled by local authorities , not the national Transportation Security Administration . All airports , however , report their security plans to the Federal Aviation Administration . In 2012 , the TSA was criticized for failing to report , track and fix other types of airport security breaches adequately , according to the Department of Homeland Security 's inspector general . The agency 's report said the TSA "  does not have a complete understanding " of breaches at the nation 's airports . The report was requested by the late New Jersey Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg after a series of breaches at Newark , including a knife bypassing TSA screening , passengers walking around security checkpoints and a dead dog transported without being screened for explosives . The TSA took action to fix only 42 % of the security breaches documented at the Newark airport , according to the report . When compared with other airports studied in the report , Newark was the lowest-scoring when it came to fixing vulnerabilities . 3 things that really happened at an airport CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Alexandra Field , Morgan Winsor , Ronni Berke contributed to this report .	Newark security cameras spotted a man in woman 's clothes climbing over fence Phoenix security arrested an ` inebriated ' man who struck a jet engine with his hand A multimillion-dollar identification system apparently fails to stop the intrusion in Newark Expert : The security system has failed before and still needs fixing
The 5th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals has stayed the execution of Texas death row inmate Scott Panetti , who was scheduled to be put to death at 6 p.m. Wednesday , according to the court clerk 's office . Panetti 's case has sparked debate for years over whether the state can execute someone who is severely mentally ill . During his trial for the 1992 slayings of his mother - and father-in-law , Panetti represented himself -- dressed in a purple cowboy outfit -- and called Jesus , John F. Kennedy and the Pope to the stand . The now-56-year-old was convicted of shooting them to death at close range , in front of his wife and daughter . Panetti has suffered from schizophrenia for 30 years , his lawyers say , and he was hospitalized for mental illness numerous times before the murders . Attorney asked governor for stay Though Panetti received initial evaluations of his mental health , his state of mind has deteriorated , his lawyer Kathryn Kase said . She noted in a letter to Gov. Rick Perry that Panetti has n't received a mental evaluation in seven years . Kase asked that Perry grant a 30-day stay to the scheduled execution so that that an evaluation can be done to determine if he understands his punishment . It 's not just Panetti 's legal team that believes his execution would be a violation of the Constitution 's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment . Mental health professionals and advocates , members of the American Bar Association and representatives from the European Union have urged that he be spared . More than a dozen conservative leaders -- including a Washington Times opinion editor and a Ronald Reagan biographer -- have also written to Perry , asking that Panetti 's execution be halted and his sentence be commuted to life in prison . "  Rather than serving as a measured response to murder , the execution of Mr. Panetti would only serve to undermine the public 's faith in a fair and moral justice system , " their letter reads . Ex-wife : He should never have stood trial As a recent CNN opinion piece noted , Sonja Alvarado , Panetti 's ex-wife and the daughter of his victims , filed a petition stating that because of Panetti 's paranoid delusions when he committed the killings , he never should have faced trial . Opinion : The atrocity of killing a mentally ill man "  If he 's executed there should be a sense of outrage , " said Ron Honberg , legal director for the National Alliance on Mental Illness . "  There 's no question he 's mentally ill . If this happens , the message would be -- ` we just do n't care . ' "  To execute him flies in the face of even supporters of the death penalty who say that it should be carried out with inmates who are the worst of the worst , " Honberg continued . "  It would be much more compassionate and practical to spend money treating inmates with mental illness rather than execute this man . " Clemency denied The Texas Board of Pardons and Parole voted 7-0 to deny clemency in Panetti 's case . There is still an appeal before the U.S. Supreme Court , in addition to the appeal the 5th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals granted Wednesday . Panetti would be the 11th person Texas officials have executed in 2014 . Columbia University psychiatry professor and American Psychiatric Association member Dr. Paul Appelbaum said that he 's followed the case since 2007 , when the U.S. Supreme Court stopped Panetti 's execution and ruled that another competency review be performed . The 5th Circuit found in 2013 that Panetti was competent enough to be executed . Lately , American society has been engaged in a conversation about mental illness and the role of the death penalty for inmates who are not of sound mind , Appelbaum told CNN . "  We 've come to understand that there is no legitimate penal reason to put such a person to death , " he said . "  It 's not likely to deter people from committing crimes and given Panetti 's impairment , it 's not a fitting punishment . " Death penalty fast facts	Scott Panetti shot to death his mother - and father-in law He represented himself at trial , dressed like a cowboy , called Jesus to the stand Lawyers and many mental health experts say he is mentally ill , should n't be executed
Democrats in key Senate races are showing some strength in the final stretch of election season -- but it may not be enough to keep the chamber . A new CNN/ORC poll released Friday shows Democrat Michelle Nunn leading Republican David Perdue 47 % to 44 % among likely voters . A WAFB poll out this week in Louisiana found incumbent Democrat Mary Landrieu four points ahead of Republican Bill Cassidy . And a recent Courier-Journal/Survey USA poll in Kentucky found Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes trailing Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell by just one point . It 's enough to make Democrats feel cautiously optimistic about their ability to hold onto the Senate . But there 's a problem : in two of the races -- Georgia and Louisiana -- Democrats will need to win at least 50 % of the vote to avoid a runoff . And neither candidate is clearing that threshold in polls . The stakes are huge . Democrats could upend Republican hopes of picking up the net gain of six seats needed to claim the Senate if they find a way to succeed in these races without a runoff . The good news-bad news scenario is reflected in today 's Georgia poll . "  It is a surprising show of strength for a Democrat in a state in which no Democrat has won a statewide election in over a decade , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Democratic and Republican consultants credit Nunn , daughter of former senator Sam Nunn , with running a strong campaign . She gained momentum in recent weeks by slamming one of former CEO Perdue 's supposed strengths : his business record , and accused him of shipping US jobs overseas . The CNN poll also shows Nunn beating Perdue 51 % to 47 % in a run-off election that will take place on Jan. 6 if neither candidate wins in the first round . The data , however , is based on those likely to vote in November and the electorate in run-off elections typically differs from first round votes . As Nunn inches closer to the 50 % threshold , her fate could lie with libertarian candidate Amanda Swafford , who is polling at 5 % of likely voters . No one knows whether Swafford 's supporters will gravitate to Perdue or simply stay home -- and their decision could have big implications for who wins the race . An idiosyncratic election system is also a problem for Democrats in Louisiana , where Sen. Mary Landrieu led the last five polls ahead of the state 's open primary , which will send two candidates to a run-off if no one wins 50 % of the vote . An outright win is eluding Landrieu . Though she 's ahead of Cassidy , recent polls show her garnering only support in the high 30 % to low 40 % range . Even worse for Landrieu , when voters are asked if they plan to vote for Landrieu in the run-off , she trails Cassidy by between three and nine percent . Robert Hogan , a political science professor at Louisiana State University , said Landrieu has seen her state rapidly trend more Republican since she won the seat for the first time in 1996 , and says a run-off may be one step too far for her . "  I think that her support is probably around 42 or 43 percent , " Hogan said . The runoffs will be even more crucial if the results determine control of the Senate . Such a scenario would unleash a torrent of national attention , campaign cash and duels by top party surrogates , which could produce cliffhanger election nights weeks after voters go to the polls in November .	Candidates in Louisiana and Georgia must win 50 % to win a runoff Democrats in those states are ahead in some polls but have n't cleared 50 %
CNN  -- The story of their deaths -- hacked with hatchets , doused in gasoline before the home they were in exploded , according to police -- has been well documented . Six days later , hundreds packed a Tacoma , Washington , church to remember the lives of young Braden and Charlie Powell , describing them as intelligent , compassionate , joyful boys who made big impressions in a short time . "  This moment is about two beautiful boys , " Dean Curry , lead pastor at the Life Center church , said to open Saturday 's memorial service . Authorities say the boys ' father , Josh Powell , snatched them from a social worker who was delivering them for a supervised visit Sunday , locking the doors before killing them , as well as himself , just minutes before his Puyallup , Washington , home exploded . The children 's mother , Susan Cox-Powell , has n't been seen since December 2009 . Law enforcement authorities in West Valley City , Utah , had identified only one person , Josh Powell , as someone they were investigating in relation to her disappearance . Members of both the Powell and Cox families attended Saturday 's service . "  Mark this moment . These two families , who have had so much pain , have come together , have set aside very dark and hurtful moments to celebrate children , " Curry said . "  May each and every one of us remember their example . " The memorial featured snapshots of the boys , as well as tributes from their teachers . Tammy Oughton recalled Charlie Powell , a former student in her kindergarten class who turned 7 last month , as an "  amazing young man " who displayed a "  keen intellect and a compassionate heart . " Within Carson Elementary School in Puyallup , "  Charlie was known as the little scientist " -- due to his love of nature and vast knowledge , Oughton said . She also noted how much the first-grader loved to write , as well as how "  classmates liked the silly little things that he did to make them laugh . " "  We will miss him , but he will not be forgotten , " she said . Charlie 's younger brother , Braden , who also celebrated a birthday in January , turning 5 , was remembered as a "  budding puzzlemaster , " "  tickle monster " and loving boy in remarks from one of his pre-kindergarten instructors , Kristy King . At the YMCA program he attended , Braden was known for the "  huge smile on his angelic face , " as well as his "  contagious , joyful energy . " King described him as affectionate , always quick to hold a teacher 's hand and reluctant to let go . "  Braden had an enthusiasm for life and took pleasure in everything , " she said . "  He had a heart of gold . " The boys ' grandparents Charles and Judith Cox , who were engaged in a long and bitter child custody battle with Josh Powell , took the stage briefly . Charles Cox said that the support they 've received since their daughter went missing "  helps us to be strong , and helps to know that there are good people . " He also expressed thanks for the support his grandsons had received , saying , "  All their teachers , their social workers , the police : Everyone was doing everything they possibly could to keep them safe , and to help them and love them . " While Susan Cox-Powell has not been found , her father suggested that he believes she is dead -- and that she is now reunited with her sons in heaven . "  We know that they are with their mother , " he said .	A memorial service is held in Tacoma for Braden and Charlie Powell The boys ' father struck the boys with a hatchet and blew up his home , police say "  We know that they are with their mother , " their grandfather says The mother , Susan Cox-Powell , was last seen in December 2009
CNN  -- In her classic 1962 study , "  Pearl Harbor : Warning and Decision , " Roberta Wohlstetter shows how the Japanese surprise attack on the U.S. naval base on December 7 , 1941 , should have been less surprising than it appeared at the time because there were warning signs known to the U.S. government that such an attack was possible . Those warning signals , however , were not easy to understand before the Pearl Harbor attack and , in any case , they were not well communicated inside the U.S. military . As Wohlstetter explains , "  It is much easier after the event to sort the relevant signals from the irrelevant signals . After the event , of course , a signal is always crystal clear ; we can now see what disaster it was signaling since the disaster has now occurred . But before the event it is obscure and pregnant with conflicting meanings . It comes to the observer embedded in an atmosphere of ` noise ' , i.e. in all sorts of information that is useless and irrelevant for predicting the disaster . " While the bombings at the Boston Marathon certainly were not anywhere on the scale of the Pearl Harbor attack , they share some of the commonalities that often characterize the run-up to such surprising attacks : Missed warning signals and the bureaucratic "  stove piping " of important information that if it was more widely shared and understood might have led to the attacks being averted . As is now well known , the Russian security agency FSB told the FBI in 2010 that Tamerlan Tsarnaev , the older alleged Boston bomber , was becoming radicalized . The FBI investigated him but found nothing "  derogatory . " Yet , the FBI was unaware that a year after its investigation Tsarnaev returned from a trip to Dagestan and Chechnya in southern Russia -- regions that are home to Islamist militantsâ $ " after a six month trip , one that could have raised red flags , as by now he was on two federal watch lists . It 's also not clear why the Russians would warn the FBI about Tsarnaev 's radical interests and then , apparently , not have done more to keep tabs on him while he was on his lengthy trip to Russia . A U.S. Customs and Border Protection official on the FBI 's Boston joint terrorism task force was made aware of Tsarnaev 's return but because the FBI had closed its investigation into Tsarnaev , the information failed to arouse suspicion . According to a report on CNN Tuesday , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham expressed concern that "  the homeland security shop had information about the travel to Russia , the FBI did not , and they 're not talking to each other and they 're going back to the pre-9 / 11 problems here . " Indeed , these kind of bureaucratic snafus were supposed to have been resolved after 9/11 . That 's because while the CIA provided plenty of strategic warnings in the spring and summer of 2001 that al Qaeda was planning a spectacular attack , the CIA also spectacularly dropped the ball in the run-up to 9/11 when it failed to "  watch list " two suspected men that CIA officials suspected were members of al Qaeda , Nawaf al Hazmi and Khalid al Mihdhar . The failure to add to the watch list two al Qaeda suspects with the Department of State meant that they entered the United States under their true names with ease . On January 15 , 2000 , Hazmi and Mihdhar flew into Los Angeles , but it was only in August 2001 as a result of questions raised by a CIA officer on assignment at the FBI that the two were added to the watch list and their names communicated to the FBI . A month later Hamzi and Mihdhar were two of the "  muscle " hijackers on the American Airlines jet that plunged into the Pentagon , killing 189 people . There have been many fixes since 9/11 to ameliorate the problem of bureaucratic stove piping : far more communication , for instance , between the CIA and the FBI ; the formation of dozens of Joint Terrorism Task Forces across the country that help to facilitate the sharing of information among multiple law enforcement agencies , as well as the creation of the National Counterterrorism Center , which coordinates terrorism policy across the intelligence and law enforcement communities . But even with all of these reforms the counterterrorism system continues to miss the kind of warning signs that take on great significance in the wake of an attack . Consider the case of Maj. Nidal Hasan , a military psychiatrist who killed 13 people at Ft. Hood , Texas , in 2009 . Before this attack , intelligence agencies had intercepted multiple e-mails between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , a U.S.-born cleric then based in Yemen who was well known for his virulent anti-American preaching and ties to militants . Counterterrorism investigators did n't pursue this worrisome connection believing that the e-mails were consistent with Hasan 's work as a military psychiatrist . Similarly , Carlos Bledsoe , a convert to Islam who shot up a Little Rock , Arkansas , recruiting office in 2009 , fatally shooting a soldier , had recently travelled to Yemen and was under investigation by the FBI following his return to the United States . Despite the fact that the FBI had had him under surveillance , Bledsoe was still able to acquire guns for his attack . When he was arrested , police found a rifle with a laser sight , a revolver , ammunition and material to make Molotov cocktails in his vehicle . Plenty of warning signs also preceded Nigerian Umar Farouq Abdulmutallab 's attempt to blow up Northwest flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 with an underwear bomb made with PETN , a plastic explosive that was not detected by airport security . Luckily the bomb failed to detonate , although it set Abdulmutallab 's clothes on fire . Abdulmutallab had been recruited by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  for the Detroit mission . The Northwest Airlines plot had been presaged a few months earlier . On August 28 , 2009 , the Saudi Arabian Prince Mohammed bin Nayef survived a bombing attack launched by AQAP . The would-be assassin concealed the bomb in his underwear , which was made of PETN . Three months before the Christmas Day attempted bombing John Brennan , Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser , had been personally briefed by Prince Nayef about the assassination attempt , so information about the possible use of a hard-to-detect PETN bomb was known within the U.S. national security establishment . The White House 's review of the Christmas Day plot also found that there was sufficient information known to the U.S. government to determine that Abdulmutallab was likely working for al Qaeda and that the group was looking to expand its attacks beyond Yemen and Saudi Arabia . Yet the intelligence community "  did not increase analytic resources working " on the threat that the group might pose to the West . Additionally , a few weeks before the botched attack on the Northwest flight , Abdulmutallab 's father contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria about concerns his son had "  become radicalized " and might be planning something , but this information was n't further investigated . As the inevitable congressional inquiries get under way that will focus on who knew what and when about the Boston bombers , we will surely deepen our understanding that there were plenty of warning signs about the increasing radicalization of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , some of which were likely known to the U.S. government . The problem is that , as Roberta Wohlstetter pointed out half a century ago in her study of Pearl Harbor , separating out the really important signals from all the "  noise " in the system is only easy to do after the fact , particularly when the U.S. government has now assembled a database of an astonishing number of 700,000 individuals it suspects of ties to terrorism .	Peter Bergen : Too often the warning signs of terrorism are missed He says before an attack , it 's difficult to sort out the signals from the noise Agencies often will fail to widely communicate information in time to prevent attacks , he says Bergen : Such failures became apparent after 9/11 attacks , Fort Hood shootings
CNN  -- Antarctica is warming in line with the rest of the world , according to a new study on climate change in Antarctica . Temperatures across Antarctica have traditionally varied between east and west , scientists say . Rather than being the last bastion to resist global warming , U.S. research has found that for the past 50 years much of the continent of Antarctica has been getting warmer . For years common belief among scientists studying climate change was that a large part of Antarctica , the East Antarctic Ice Sheet , has been getting colder while the rest of the world has warmed . However the new research from the University of Washington has found that warming in West Antarctica exceeded one-tenth of a degree Celsius per decade for the past 50 years , which more than offsets the cooling in East Antarctica . "  West Antarctica is a very different place than East Antarctica , and there is a physical barrier , the Transantarctic Mountains , that separates the two , " said Professor Eric Steig , lead author of the research paper . The study 's findings appeared in Thursday 's issue of the scientific journal Nature . At 6,000 feet  1,829 meters  above sea level the West Antarctic Ice Sheet is around 4,000 feet lower than East Antarctica and subject to warm , moist storms and more snowfall . In gathering the data Steig and fellow researchers used information from satellites , which was crucial in providing new insight into patterns of temperature change across the continent . Previous research on climate in Antarctica that relied solely on Antarctic weather stations , in place since 1957 , could not get as much information about conditions on the interior of the continent as most are placed within a short distance of the coast . "  Simple explanations do n't capture the complexity of climate , " Steig said . "  The thing you hear all the time is that Antarctica is cooling and that 's not the case . If anything it 's the reverse , but it 's more complex than that . Antarctica is n't warming at the same rate everywhere , and while some areas have been cooling for a long time the evidence shows the continent as a whole is getting warmer . " A major reason most of Antarctica was thought to be cooling was because of a hole in the ozone layer that appears during the spring months in the Southern Hemisphere 's polar region . Steig noted that it is well established that the ozone hole has contributed to cooling in East Antarctica . "  However , it seems to have been assumed that the ozone hole was affecting the entire continent when there was n't any evidence to support that idea , or even any theory to support it , " he said . "  In any case , efforts to repair the ozone layer eventually will begin taking effect and the hole could be eliminated by the middle of this century . If that happens , all of Antarctica could begin warming on a par with the rest of the world . "	Common belief that Antarctica is getting colder debunked by new report Evidence that western Antarctica is warming , offsetting Eastern Antarctic cooling Satellite data used to determine that West Antarctica warmed in last 50 years Antarctica is n't warming at the same rate everywhere , according to research
Nothing will shake you out of your daily routine quite like zipping through the air at 85 miles per hour , courtesy of South Africa 's Pronutro Zip 2000 , the world 's longest , fastest and highest zip line . Adventurous types know that zip lines deliver an adrenaline rush as well as a bird 's - eye perspective on beautiful surroundings . But there 's no thrill quite like a new one , and operators are continuing to push the limits by introducing cool zip lines in unusual places and at unusual times . After the sun goes down in St. Lucia , for example , zip liners are on their way up to the launch platform . AdrenaLUNA lets participants get a peek at nocturnal creatures and feel the special sensation of racing through a jungle by night . The experience includes a scramble up floating steps , a zip through the rainforest from tree to tree and a rappel back to the jungle floor under the glow of a full moon -- and a headlight . Travel + Leisure : See more of the world 's coolest zip lines Another species of nightlife is on parade in Sin City , where you can now clear your head after a night at the casino with a 1 a.m. ride on Flightlinez . Zip liners pass beneath a laser light show set to music  this is Vegas , baby  as they soar through the Fremont Street Experience . It 's part of a growing trend of urban zip lines -- popularized by a temporary zip line at the Vancouver 2010 Olympics -- and a far cry from the early zip line days . They began as a practical means to move bulky items across mountain ranges and even made an appearance in H. G. Wells ' 1897 novel , "  The Invisible Man . " Graduate students in Costa Rica began using zip lines in the 1970s to get close to plants and animals along the rainforest canopy . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest statues Tourists love that kind of wildlife exposure , too , and some of the earliest offerings began in Costa Rica and other ecotourism destinations . Yet Costa Rica has upped the ante with the launch of the Miss Sky zip line , described as the world 's longest canopy tour -- propelling folks over a jungle forest , across a river and a turtle-nesting habitat , and ultimately dropping them on the fifth floor of what will be a disco bar . Strap on that helmet and harness and take your own leap off the edge at these eight exhilarating zip lines : Travel + Leisure : America 's best carousels Flightlinez , Las Vegas It would n't be Vegas if zip lining did n't take place at night beneath a laser light show set to music . But before the ride even begins , Flightlinez amps up participants with a psychedelic light show projected on the Viva Vision canopy  who needs the jungle canopy ?  . After jumping off , you cruise across Fremont Street at a civilized speed of 30 miles an hour -- granting 360-degree views of Vegas in its neon glory . $ 15 - $ 20 or $ 50 for an all-day pass . fremontstreetflightline.com Oasis of the Seas , Allure of the Seas , Royal Caribbean Two of the biggest cruise ships ever to set sail have plenty of room for zip lines . So if gazing at the ocean loses its thrill , just head to the Sports Deck for a zip line ride that soars from one end of Oasis of the Seas to another . Not only is it a rush , but it 's also a chance to get a peek at what 's happening across nine decks of the ship . Look forward to a similar joy ride on Allure of the Seas . Free . royalcaribbean.com Best affordable beach resorts Flightline Safari , San Diego Zoo Wild Animal Park Look out for birds , rhinos and other creatures as you fly high through the Safari Park . This zip line takes animal lovers as high as 160 feet on a 470-foot run past fragrant trees . And you can relive the experience over and over thanks to the Flightline Helmet Cams that will record your ride . $ 70 . sdzsafaripark.org 7 prime spots for wildlife viewing Toro La Bestia , Orocovis , Puerto Rico The nature park Toro Verde , about an hour outside San Juan , injects some audacious thrills into the eco-adventure genre . Case in point : its facedown zip line , Toro La Bestia , sends you flying across a misty 4,745-foot-long , 853-foot-high rainforest valley at up to 60 mph . It could be the most memorable two minutes of your trip . $ 65 . -- Adam Graham toroverdepr.com Travel + Leisure : America 's most-visited monuments Pronutro Zip 2000 , Sun City , South Africa If you want bragging rights , drive two hours from Johannesburg to the Sun City entertainment complex to conquer the world 's longest zip line : roughly 1.2 miles of uninterrupted thrills . Strapped into the Pronutro Zip 2000 , riders soar over rugged terrain as high as 900 feet above the ground . And if that is n't enough , consider that you 're traveling at more than 85 miles per hour , one of the fastest zip line speeds . $ 41 . zip2000.co.za / Haleakala Skyline Tour , Maui , Hawaii A father-and-son team launched the Skyline Tour -- America 's first zip line -- in 2002 . The location itself is exhilarating : on the way to the summit of Haleakala Crater , which is thousands of feet above sea level and above the clouds . The Skyline 's five zips and swinging bridge pass over forest and hiking trails , and are even certified as a "  carbon-neutral " adventure . And there are more zip lines to tackle across Hawaii ; on the Big Island , one goes by Akaka Falls . $ 95 . zipline.com AdrenaLUNA , St. Lucia Zip lines have become a common feature of the Caribbean , but newcomer AdrenaLUNA provides the special treat of exploring a rainforest by night  available only three days a month around the full moon  . Guests scramble up a set of floating steps , zip through the rainforest and leap from a platform with a Tarzan 's vine onto a nest . When it 's all over , you 'll rappel back down to earth . $ 79 . rainforestadventure.com Zip Adventures , Vail , Colorado Get your Rocky Mountain highs along this zip lining tour , available four times daily in summer . It starts with a short trip in a six-wheel-drive Austrian military vehicle that will get you in the mood for a Colorado-style adventure . You 'll then zip across six lines , each strung high above the rushing Colorado River . Expect a few short hikes between platforms . $ 150 . zipadventures.com Travel + Leisure : Check out more great zip lining spots	A zip line ride soars from one end of the cruise ship Oasis of the Seas to another Look out for rhinos and other creatures as you fly through the Safari Park in San Diego AdrenaLUNA in St. Lucia provides the special treat of exploring a rainforest by night
CNN  -- A small plane with five people on board crashed in Lincolnshire , Illinois , on Monday night , authorities said . Two people are believed dead , said Elizabeth Isham Corey of the Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman . The others were hospitalized , she said . The Piper Navajo plane left Jessup , Georgia , and was five miles away from Chicago Executive Air Park when the pilot reported fuel problems , Corey said . It crashed in the Riverwood neighborhood in Lincolnshire .	The plane had five people on board , the FAA says FAA : It was five miles away from an airport when the pilot reported fuel problems
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- An African man who claimed he could double your money simply by applying a magic potion to currency notes has been arrested at a Madrid bar where the Ecuadorean owner nearly fell victim to the ploy , Spanish national police said on Thursday . Police arrived in time to catch the suspected thief , from Cameroon , with 1,120 euros  $ 1,556  that had been handed over by the bar owner . The suspect , 28 , alleged he had run out of magic potion and would need to go home to get some more , a police statement and spokesman said . "  It was a very unpleasant surprise , " bar owner Cesar Tepan told CNN . He told police the suspect had come to the bar a week earlier claiming he could double currency notes by applying a magic potion , the police statement said . Taking a chance , the owner provided a 20 euro note  nearly $ 28  , and the suspect mixed it with various white papers , applied a brown liquid and white power , and mixed it up with cotton . Presto , and there were soon three 20 euro notes visible , the owner told police . "  He returned my 20 , " said Tepan , who 's lived 16 years in Spain and has owned the bar in central Madrid for 11 years . When the suspect came back last Saturday , the owner provided 1,120 euros in various currency notes , after the owner and the suspect agreed on how to split up the proceeds from the doubled money , the police said . The suspect put the bills in an envelope and sealed it with tape . Then he applied the alleged magic potion , repeating this various times , but finally told the bar owner he had run out of the magic potion and would need to go home and get more . But he promised to leave the sealed envelope at the bar . That 's when an argument ensued and someone , possibly the owner or a client , called the police , a police spokesman said . "  I realized he was trying to take the money , " Tepan told CNN . A neighbor called the police and Tepan 's adult son arrived and locked the door to the street , with the suspect inside the bar . "  He became nervous , " Tepan said , adding he was determined not to let the suspect leave until the 1,120 euros had been returned . The police arrived and opened the sealed envelope but found only white papers inside . Then they searched the suspect , and found the 1,120 euros hidden in his clothing , the police statement said .	African man arrested at a bar by Spanish police He had 1,120 euros bar own had given him to double The man said he had run out of potion and needed to go home to get more
CNN  -- Scott Jamieson was so close to breaking new ground at the Portugal Masters on Saturday . No golfer on the European Tour had ever shot a 59 , and there the Scot was on the 18th and last hole , needing a birdie to achieve the magical round . But Jamieson could n't convert a roughly 15-foot chip and had to settle for a 60 , instead becoming the 18th man on the European Tour to card that score . The world No. 110 could n't hide his disappointment when he missed the birdie putt , sinking to his knees in front of expectant fans at the Oceanico Victoria Golf Course in the Algarve . "  I said to Richard  his caddie  playing 17 I really want to make a birdie here so we have a chance of it going down the last and I could not have asked to hit a better shot in , " Jamieson told the European Tour 's website . "  It pitched just short of the hole . " "  When I birdied the 13th , I said to Richard then , ' A few more and we could be part of history . ' I was definitely nervous but thinking about it from the tournament point of view the leaders are going to be a minimum of 16 , 17 maybe 18 under going into tomorrow so that kept me going . " Jamieson only made the halfway cut by a shot but now trails leader Paul Waring by merely two shots in a four-way tie for second . He won his first and only European title at the Nelson Mandela Championship in South Africa in December . Earlier this year , American Jim Furyk became the sixth man to shoot a 59 on the PGA Tour .	Scotland 's Scott Jamieson misses out on a historic 59 at the Portugal Masters Needing a birdie on the final hole to shoot the 59 , he had to settle for par Jamieson moved into contention at the tournament , tied for second behind Paul Waring Earlier this year , Jim Furyk became the sixth player on the PGA Tour to tally a 59
CNN  -- Chris Nowinski 's professional wrestling career did n't end with a pink slip or a celebratory sendoff , but with a swift kick to his chin . Chris Nowinski was a WWE wrestler when he suffered a concussion , but did n't realize how badly he was hurt . Nowinski played college football at Harvard -- a defensive tackle . He was a promising newcomer to World Wrestling Entertainment . At the time he suffered the injury -- the hit that would cut his career short -- he was performing in a summer 2003 tag-team match as his WWE character , Chris Harvard , a blonde , blue-eyed symbol of Ivy League elitism . Nowinski did n't know he had suffered a concussion . He did n't know that he should n't have been wrestling immediately afterward , and he did n't know that this was probably the sixth concussion of his athletic career . There was a lot Nowinski did n't know about concussions . Hard hits were nothing new to Nowinski , 28 , a tree of a man who had played sports since childhood . Blows to the head punctuated many of the games and matches in his career , he said . Sometimes he blacked out . "  The sky would change colors , or I would see stars , and get really dizzy , and I would just collect myself on the field or in the ring , and continue going , because that 's what I thought I was supposed to do , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I did n't realize that it was a serious brain injury . " Nowinski continued to wrestle , which aggravated the injury , he said . He developed post-concussion syndrome , a condition characterized by prolonged concussion symptoms . "  After my last concussion ... I was stuck with four years of headaches and immediate memory problems and depression and sleep-walking , " Nowinski said . He said he still endures migraines and memory loss . "  My head just feels differently all the time , " he said . Concussions are common , particularly among athletes in heavy contact sports . The Center for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that at least 300,000 sports-related concussions occur annually in the United States . Nowinski waited a year and a half for his head to clear so he could return to the ring -- a day that never came . So , the fallen wrestler decided to change what he considers the sports world 's biggest liability . He 's now on a mission to eliminate the "  damage " from head injuries in athletics . His task is two-fold : To educate coaches , parents and athletes about identifying and treating concussions and to help facilitate research to pin down the injury 's long-term effects . "  I knew I had the information that could prevent suffering for a lot of people , a lot of people that I cared about , " said Nowinski . "  It would n't have been right for me to just go on with my life , make money , do whatever , while that information just sat in my head . " He wrote "  Head Games : Football 's Concussion Crisis from the NFL to Youth Leagues , " published in 2006 . He 's been speaking before youth leagues , sports conferences and other public events for more than three years . And he and a group of top neurologists have recently formed The Sports Legacy Institute . Part of that organization 's purpose will be to study the effects of multiple head injuries , investigating cases of a condition called chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , Nowinski said . CTE is a dementia-like condition caused by repetitive blows to the head over an extended period of time , according to the National Institute of Health . Hoping to prove to the rest of the world that multiple concussions have permanent , sometimes ruinous consequences , Nowinski began to work with a University of Pittsburgh neuropathologist , Dr. Bennet Omalu , who found the condition in the brains of two deceased former National Football League players , Terry Long and Mike Webster . With Nowinski 's help in obtaining the brain tissue , Omalu diagnosed the condition in two other former players who died , Andre Waters and Justin Strzelczyk . Both Long and Waters committed suicide . In the case of Waters , Omalu said , "  Major depression was the cause of his suicide ... And the underlying causation here was trauma . " But aside from the research and studies that garner headlines and national attention , a large part of Nowinski 's task lies in his clear-spoken testimony . In smaller groups , in schools and other events , often away from the stare of the cameras , Nowinski tells people what he knows . Despite the repeated occurrence of concussions amid practice , games or matches , Nowinski says many coaches and players -- from youth leagues to professionals - still do n't know how to properly treat concussions or even how to identify them . And what 's worse , he said , just like in his case , athletes often try to play while they are still injured . A second concussion suffered while a player is recovering from the first could result in death , according to the American Association of Neurological Surgeons . Furthermore , some studies show that there are cumulative long-term effects from multiple concussions . Nowinksi says he 's had mixed reactions to his message . Some , like Carmen Roda , president of the Westport , Connecticut-based PAL football program , say Nowinski 's lecture is imperative for coaches . "  Bottom line , if they care about kids , they should listen to this lecture , " Roda said . Others have shown more resistance . "  I -LSB- 'll -RSB- go to schools to speak , and the football coach will refuse to show up to the talk , " Nowinski said . But the former wrestler says the biggest hurdle to better practice and treatment of concussions are the professional sports leagues . He is particularly critical of the NFL . "  They need their best players on the field to sell tickets , " Nowinski said . "  And a lot of these problems from playing through concussions do n't show up until these guys are retired . So their incentive to protect them while they 're players is not where it should be . " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says the league puts its players ' interests as first priority and the individual teams "  do an excellent job in the care and management of concussions that affect NFL players . " Dr. Joseph Maroon , the neurosurgeon for the Pittsburgh Steelers and a member of the league 's committee on mild-traumatic brain injury , applauds the NFL 's efforts to protect its players . Asked about studies that suggest long-term damage from concussions , Maroon said there are other factors that could affect the ability of a person 's brain to function normally . "  It 's extremely difficult and quite impossible to ascribe problems that develop 20 or 30 years after someone played to a concussion that 's experienced 20 or 30 years before , " he said . Nowinski said players still do not understand the seriousness of concussions . They need to be educated , he said , and the "  tough-it-out " culture inherent to football and other sports needs to change . "  If within a few years , everybody does n't know that playing through concussions is a terrible idea , then I 'll be surprised and disappointed , " he said . "  The idea is we make the change that needs to be made as quickly as possible , " Nowinski said . "  And then I can do something else . " E-mail to a friend	Chris Nowinski played football at Harvard , then wrestled professionally Still suffers effects of six concussions Nowinski says athletes ignore dangers to get back in contests NFL says it is taking steps to study effects on players
CNN  -- Speaking off the cuff is always a bit of a tightrope act for the occupant of the nation 's highest office , and even more so when it 's in front of a room of reporters . President Barack Obama teetered on that high wire Thursday when he said that he and his advisers "  do n't have a strategy yet " for dealing with ISIS in Syria . The comment , which set off an instant firestorm of commentary , seemed to feed into the narrative cultivated by critics of the President that he has no coherent strategy . "  Obama has given up even ` leading from behind , ' " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted . "  Now , as the world watches , he insists he has no strategy at all . " Obama 's no ` strategy yet ' comment sparks a political uproar Here are a few times when other U.S. politicians found themselves in similar territory : President George H.W. Bush and the ` amazing ' supermarket scanner Born into a wealthy family , schooled at an elite Massachusetts boarding school and then Yale , the nation 's 41st President had more than a couple of strikes against him when it came to an elitist , out-of-touch public image . Whether the image was true or not , it was driven deeper into the public consciousness after a widely mocked 1992 encounter with a mock-up of a grocery store scanner . Media accounts of the encounter said the President appeared to be "  amazed " and "  bewildered " by the technology , which by then had long been in common use . " ` If some guy came in and spelled George Bush differently , could you catch it ? ' the President asked ` Yes , ' he was told , and he shook his head in wonder , " wrote Andrew Rosenthal in The New York Times . The mythology has some flaws , Bush defenders say . According to an Associated Press article published not long after the encounter , the scanner 's manufacturer defended the President , saying the scanner actually was pretty advanced for its day . "  The whole thing is ludicrous , " the AP quoted the company man as saying . "  What he was amazed about was the ability of the scanner to take that torn label and reassemble it . " President Jimmy Carter and the ` malaise ' speech Carter never uttered the word "  malaise " in his July 15 , 1979 , televised address on what he saw as a growing "  crisis of confidence " in the country . But it , perhaps more than any other single word , came to describe Carter 's presidency . Here 's what he actually said : "  It is a crisis that strikes at the very heart and soul and spirit of our national will . We can see this crisis in the growing doubt about the meaning of our own lives and in the loss of a unity of purpose for our nation . " And , he warned , it 's "  threatening to destroy the social and the political fabric of America . " The speech did n't go over well with many who saw Carter as an ineffective hand-wringer who had no business possessing the inspirational bully pulpit of the presidency . Historian Sean Wilentz wrote in his 2008 book , "  The Age of Reagan " that Carter "  appeared to be abdicating his role as leader and blaming the people themselves for their own afflictions . " "  It was a form of anti-politics unlike any Americans had ever seen -- the chief magistrate , who was supposed to inspire the nation and lift it out of its slough of despond , was instead complaining about unrelieved anguish and emptiness , " Wilentz wrote . But , like Bush 's grocery store moment , the narrative had a flip side . According to author Kevin Mattson , Carter 's approval ratings jumped after the speech , and mail poured into the White House from citizens who wrote they were moved to action by the speech and what they saw as refreshing honesty from a politician . President Ronald Reagan and the ` bomb ' joke Making a voice check before his regular weekend radio speech at the height of the Cold War in August 1984 , Reagan joked , "  My fellow Americans , I am pleased to tell you I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever . The bombing begins in five minutes . " While it was just a joke made by a man well-known for his love of quips and never meant for public consumption , the comment embodied beliefs among critics of Reagan as a dangerous hawk obsessed with doing battle against an "  Evil Empire , " his finger eagerly hovering over the trigger of America 's nuclear arsenal . Al Gore and the Internet Ask anyone about Gore these days , and you 're likely to hear about one of two things : His concern about climate change and how he purportedly claimed in 1999 to have invented the Internet . While Gore was only vice president at the time , he was thinking about running for the President 's job , and the statement helped saddle him with an image as pompous and self-aggrandizing . Like Carter and the "  malaise " speech , Gore never used the word , "  invented . " This is what he actually said , during an interview on CNN : "  During my service in the United States Congress , I took the initiative in creating the Internet . " Many techies took Gore 's side , saying that while neither he nor any other single person created the Internet , he was , in fact instrumental in helping build out Internet infrastructure . But tech nerds were no match for the power of late-night television jokesters or , ironically , the power of the budding Internet . To wit , even today , you can still find the claim all over the Internet . Michael Dukakis and the  cold  death penalty response It happened on October 13 , 1988 , during a presidential debate between Dukakis and then-Vice President George Bush . The mediator , CNN anchorman Bernard Shaw , asked Dukakis that if his wife were raped and murdered , if he thought he 'd support the death penalty for the killer . "  No , I do n't , Bernard , and I think you know that I 've opposed the death penalty during all of my life . I do n't see any evidence that it 's a deterrent , and I think there are better and more effective ways to deal with violent crime , " he said coolly . In the debate 's press room , reporters instantly declared Dukakis ' campaign dead , Roger Simon wrote in a 2007 Politico piece . "  He 's through , " they said , according to Simon . "  That 's all she wrote . " "  Get the hook ! " Even Dukakis ' campaign manager knew it was over , Simon wrote : "  When he answered by talking policy , I knew we had lost the election , " Simon quoted Susan Estrich as saying later . CNN research librarian Toby Lyles contributed to this report .	President Obama is n't alone in making comments that feed critics ' narratives It happened to President George H.W. Bush at a supermarket scanner in 1992 Fallout from President Jimmy Carter 's "  malaise " speech helped define his time in office And what about President Ronald Reagan joking about bombing Russia ?
CNN  -- Rocio Moreno says it took more than five years to leave her abusive husband . Throughout their marriage , she says , she endured unwanted sexual advances . If she challenged his orders over where and with whom she spent her free time , she says he responded with verbal and physical abuse . She finally decided enough was enough the day he hit her in front of their son . "  When he hit me I realized he could kill me " she said . "  I decided no more violence . I did n't want my son to see him treat me that way . " She left him two years ago and moved into her own place . She mostly kept the ordeal to herself until she found the courage to express herself in the Monument Quilt , a collection of hundreds of survival stories touring the country this summer . Her words in Spanish are etched into a 4-foot red square that shares space with others ' stories in a 16-foot square . When laid out in full , the squares of 250 stories of surviving rape and abuse stretch out to a 100-foot multicolored square . "  You told me that you loved me but now I know and I understand that I was raped , " she says . "  I was your wife , not your property . " The brainchild of Baltimore-based activist group "  Force : Upsetting Rape Culture , " the Monument Quilt project is making 13 stops in 12 states , displaying portions of the quilt in public spaces and growing its footprint through quilt-making workshops . The goal of the project is to create healing spaces by and for survivors , said Rebecca Nagle , co-founder of Force . The quilt evolved from discussions about how to create a permanent monument to survivors of rape , similar to memorials for war veterans , based on research showing how public monuments can help survivors recover from trauma , she said . Quilting has a long history connected to social justice movements , perhaps most notably through the AIDS Memorial Quilt , which began touring the country in 1988 in remembrance of those who succumbed to the disease . Nagle hopes bearing witness to the quilt will help erode stigma attached to rape , similar to the effect the AIDS quilt had on raising awareness around the disease . "  When we remove the stigma from rape and we 're able to have public conversations and not blame the survivor , it 's one step closer to curbing the epidemic . " The presence of the quilt transforms parks , sports fields and town squares into reverential spaces for grieving and reflecting , said Karen Taylor , a Baltimore social worker who volunteers for Force . "  It creates a community holding space instead of the burden of trauma being on the shoulders of each individual supporter or survivor , " Taylor said . "  It can be solidifying and reassuring . It can be lifting . It 's not just on you anymore . " Part of the healing comes from the collective impact of bearing witness to hundreds of survival stories . It also comes from creating the squares , some of which starts in workshops weeks before the Monument Quilt comes to town . Force partnered with community-based prevention and public safety organizations , who made the quilt workshops part of their community outreach . South Dakota 's White Buffalo Calf Women Society hosted workshops two weeks in advance of the quilt 's arrival in White River , where it was displayed at a local high school . Quilting is a cultural tradition of the Sioux tribe that inhabits the region , making it an ideal project for the community the shelter serves . "  It gave them a voice without putting them in the spotlight and I think that in itself was very powerful , and a good way to start the healing process , " education outreach coordinator Summer Lunderman said . "  To stand in solidarity not only with our relatives here but with women in the U.S. was also very empowering for them and let them know they 're not alone . " Helping others with their squares brought up memories of Lunderman 's experience being molested as a child . Her square reads , "  Lakota Women Are Sacred . " "  It created a safe space for me that I really needed . " Witnessing the quilt inspired Baltimore activist Melanie Keller to bring to the surface her own history of being raped . Keller helped organize workshops through her work with anti-street harassment organization "  Hollaback ! BMore . " But she has never publicly identified herself as a rape survivor . Too often stories of sexual harassment in the media focus on stranger danger , date rape or the experiences of white middle-class college students , she said . Seeing the diversity of experiences represented in the quilt inspired Keller , who is biracial , to make her own square . "  What I love about the whole project is the narrative of control by survivors , " she said . "  It speaks to the diversity of different experiences who have gone through abuse and rape because we 're the ones sharing those stories in the way we choose . " Moreno says creating her square was cathartic . She hopes sharing her story will inspire others to "  free " themselves of a despair she knows firsthand . "  Reading these words tells you yes , there is an opportunity to break the cycle of violence , " she said . "  It does n't have to be like this . "	The Monument Quilt consists of more than 250 stories from survivors of rape and abuse The brainchild of activist group FORCE , Monument Quilt is visiting 13 cities this summer FORCE helps community groups display quilt , hold quilt-making workshops The goal of the project is to create healing spaces by and for survivors
President Barack Obama told three people who repeatedly interrupted his latest speech on immigration to stop their yelling because he "  just took an action to change the law . " Obama was in Chicago on Tuesday night to tout an executive order halting deportations for the undocumented parents of children born in the United States . But -- as has been the pattern in recent months -- he could n't get through the speech without being heckled by protesters who want bolder action . About 20 minutes into the speech , three women -- one standing four rows behind Obama , holding a sign reading "  Stop Deportations Now , " and the other two in the crowd -- shouted a series of complaints . RELATED : Obama : ` No sympathy for violence in Ferguson One called Obama 's claim that his immigration policies are focused on deporting felons , not families , "  a lie . " Another said it 's "  not just Republicans " who have called undocumented immigrants felons . Obama told the protesters it "  does n't make sense to yell at me right now , " given his immigration action last week . "  What you 're not paying attention to is , I just took an action to change the law , " he said as the crowd applauded . The interruptions continued , with Obama saying at one point that he 's "  not going to be able to have a conversation with each of you separately " and later that they should "  just sit down . " Obama tackles immigration , Ferguson at hometown rally "  Nobody 's removing you . I 've heard you . But you 've got to listen to me , too , " he said . Obama 's claim that he "  took an action to change the law , " though , could fuel more complaints from congressional Republicans and governors in states like Texas who have accused the President of overstepping his constitutional bounds . Texas Governor-elect Greg Abbott is readying a legal challenge to Obama 's executive order , while GOP lawmakers consider using spending bills this December to cut funding for the agencies that would implement Obama 's order . Obama has shot back that House Republicans who object to his action should pass an immigration reform bill ; he 's endorsed one approved by the Senate in 2013 .	President Barack Obama pointed to his immigration executive order as he sought to quiet protesters in Chicago Obama 's immigration speeches have repeatedly been interrupted in recent months by hecklers who want bolder action Obama told the three female hecklers : "  I just took an action to change the law "
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's Board of Health voted Thursday to require parents to sign a consent form before having their child undergo a controversial ultra-Orthodox Jewish circumcision ritual after two children died from the herpes virus contracted during the procedure , authorities said . The parental consent form must include information regarding the possible fatal risks of the ritual , according to Chanel Caraway , a spokeswoman from the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . It 's not clear if the form will absolve clergy from potential lawsuits . The ritual , known as the metzitzah b ` peh , is a type of circumcision in which the person performing the procedure , or mohel , directly places his mouth on and sucks the blood from the baby 's newly circumcised penis . The controversial ritual came under intense scrutiny earlier this year after health officials reported 11 babies had contracted herpes infections between 2000 and 2011 . Why I did n't circumcise my sons The health department reported that an estimated 20,493 infants in New York City were exposed to direct oral suction in that period . "  There is no safe way to perform oral suction on any open wound in a newborn , " said the health commissioner , Dr. Thomas Farley . Baby boys who were reportedly circumcised "  with confirmed or probable orogenital suction " between April 2006 and December 2011 had an estimated risk of contracting neonatal herpes  HSV-1  infection of 24.4 per 100,000 cases , 3.4 times greater than other infants , the health department said . "  The ethical duty to protect the interests of vulnerable infants and to support parents in making informed and responsible choices can not be overridden , " a group of doctors and bioethicists from the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics said in a letter to Mayor Michael Bloomberg . Yoram Unguru , a Jewish pediatrician , hailed the decision , saying authorities should protect children "  from the consequences of unwise decisions . " "  In my mind , the amendment does n't go far enough -- getting parental consent for circumcision in general , that 's appropriate and sufficient , but consent for the metzitzah b ` peh should not be allowed , " he said . It "  should not be performed , period . " Top pediatrics group : Benefits of infant circumcision outweigh risks Members of the orthodox community blasted the decision , calling it an infringement of constitutional rights . "  By telling a mohel he is prohibited from performing a religious ritual unless he tells the parents that , by the way , the child might die in the process , you are forcing us to say something which we are convinced is wrong , " said Rabbi David Niederman of the Brooklyn-based United Jewish Organization of Williamsburg . Niederman and other community members say they plan to contest the regulation . "  We want to work , we have tried , and we are committed to work with the Department of Health to address their concerns in any way , shape or form that does not conflict with our religious and constitutional rights , " he said . "  The practice will continue . " Why I decided to circumcise my sons	A parental consent form must include information regarding the possibly fatal risks of the ritual The city estimates 20,493 infants in New York City were exposed to direct oral suction The ritual , known as the metzitzah b ` peh , is a particular type of circumcision The mohel places his mouth on and sucks the blood from the baby 's newly circumcised penis
CNN  -- He was dubbed the "  man without a country " who found he was at home running in one of athletics ' toughest events . Guor Mading Maker 's story makes most sporting tales of triumph over adversity look like a walk in the park . Robbed of a childhood , exiled from his parents and then his country , the marathon runner was pushed to the emotional limits during his upbringing in war-ravaged Sudan . "  I was born in a war -- a civil war , " Mading Maker told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  So there 's no such thing as childhood . "  I do n't really like to talk about it ... but simply , my family sent me to go and live with my uncle in northern Sudan . It took me three years to get to him . " The 30-year-old can be forgiven for not wanting to dwell on some of the horrors that Sudan 's second civil war inflicted . An estimated two million lives were lost between 1983 and 2005 , with 28 of his family including eight of his 10 siblings , perishing during the conflict . It was against this bloody backdrop that a nine-year-old Mading Maker set off on foot on a marathon journey north in search of safety in 1993 . Journey into the unknown He was one of Sudan 's "  Lost Boys " -- an itinerant band of around 20,000 youngsters , mostly male , who were displaced during the war . They sought refuge in cities in the north or in refugee camps in neighboring countries , but many became entangled in the conflict . Mading Maker was no exception , being made to work for a dollar a day by Sudanese soldiers as well as enduring kidnap by herdsmen . "  They were not going to let us go back ... they might go and kill us or do whatever they want with us , " he recalled of his capture and subsequent escape alongside another boy . "  When the sun came up , we started running . And we walk , we ran , we walk , we ran . " After finally being united with his uncle , the pair sought safety across the border in Egypt before both were granted asylum by the U.S. in 2001 . They settled in Concord , New Hampshire where Mading Maker was encouraged by his new gym teacher to take up running , though initially he was reluctant . "  I told him : ` You know what ? Running is not my thing . I 'm not going to run because I already ran in Africa so I ran for my life ... so unless someone is chasing me , that 's when I would take running . "  Otherwise , no way ' and he was kind of ` No , you can , you can . You look like you could be a good runner . ' " Two months later , he was on the school team . "  In my junior year in high school I won ... and in my senior year in high school I won the national indoor  two-mile title  . That pretty much opened the door to college . " That performance and others outdoors earned him a scholarship to Iowa State University where he cemented his status as a promising young athlete . Marathon man While Mading Maker began making great strides in the U.S. back in his homeland things were also looking up . A peace agreement signed between north and south Sudan in January 2005 would eventually lead to full independence for South Sudan six years later . The date , July 9 2011 , is etched into Mading Maker 's memory -- he had recently graduated from Iowa with a degree in chemistry and was setting off for a new life in Flagstaff , Arizona . "  I put my South Sudan flag on the front of my car and pretty much drove 22 hours from Ames , Iowa to Flagstaff celebrating . " The move west also signaled a change in direction for his fledgling athletic career as he made the switch from track to tarmac . "  There were no  short-distance  races available . The only opportunity was a marathon . I got into the Twin Cities Marathon  in Minnesota  . " He was a natural , coming home in two hours 14 minutes 32 seconds -- a time that comfortably met the qualification standard for London Olympics the following year . But there was a problem . He had no country to run for -- South Sudan was not a member of International Olympic Committee  IOC  and he had yet to be granted U.S. citizenship . At the last minute , the IOC granted Mading Maker permission to compete as an independent athlete -- a first in Olympic history . There was n't a Hollywood ending to this real-life fairytale -- he finished down in 47th place -- but as he ran around the streets of London in his black and grey IOA  Independent Olympic Athlete  kit he transmitted a powerful message to millions of disenfranchised people around the world . "  It was very important for all the refugees around the world , and others who are  feeling  hopeless about the future to  say  ' I was just like you before but here I am now with the help of people , ' " he said . " ` And with you working hard , you are going to achieve whatever you want to achieve . ' " Return to homeland The following summer was even more momentous for Mading Maker as he returned to South Sudan to visit his parents for the first time in two decades . "  It was just overwhelming . I was very fortunate to be able to see them again . I was praying hard to find them alive , " he said of the trip organized by the United Nations Refugee Agency in June 2013 . The reunion proved equally emotional for his parents . His mother collapsed at his feet in tears while his father jigged around singing songs before telling everyone his son 's running talent was down to him -- he claims to have chased and killed giraffes in his youth . Mading Maker had previously used his uncle 's surname  Marial  when he moved to the U.S. but reverted to his father 's name  Mading Maker Deng  when he was sworn in as a U.S. citizen . And it 's his country of birth that remains at the forefront of his thoughts now . "  I want to do something for the community and the South Sudanese people , especially for the youth . It 's my goal to make sure they make the 2015 World Championships and 2016 Olympics if possible , " said the 30-year-old athlete . "  I hope to continue what I 'm doing right now , to be able to show the South Sudanese youth and the country that there 's a way . "  Instead of being in a war , there 's a way we can unite . We can be together , we can be happy by doing something that 's positive . " Read more : Can skateboarding be considered an art form ?	South Sudanese refugee recalls emotional journey from war child to Olympic athlete Guor Mading Maker was one of 20,000 "  Lost Boys " who were displaced during Sudan civil war Granted asylum in U.S. Mading Maker revealed talent for distance running Ran 2012 Olympic marathon as an independent athlete
CNN  -- A candidate for the Republican National Committee chairmanship said Friday the CD he sent committee members for Christmas -- which included a song titled "  Barack the Magic Negro " -- was clearly intended as a joke . The title of the song about President-elect Barack Obama was drawn from a Los Angeles Times column . "  I think most people recognize political satire when they see it , " Tennessee Republican Chip Saltsman told CNN . "  I think RNC members understand that . " The song , set to the tune of "  Puff the Magic Dragon , " was first played on conservative political commentator Rush Limbaugh 's radio show in 2007 . Its title was drawn from a Los Angeles Times column that suggested President-elect Barack Obama appealed to those who feel guilty about the nation 's history of mistreatment of African-Americans . Saltsman said the song , penned by his longtime friend Paul Shanklin , should be easily recognized as satire directed at the Times . The CD sent to RNC members , first reported by The Hill on Friday , is titled "  We Hate the USA " and also includes songs referencing former presidential candidate John Edwards and the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , among other targets . According to The Hill , other song titles , some of which were in bold font , were : "  John Edwards ' Poverty Tour , " "  Wright place , wrong pastor , " "  Love Client # 9 , " "  Ivory and Ebony " and "  The Star Spanglish Banner . " Saltsman was national campaign manager for former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's presidential bid in 2007 and 2008 . Before that , he held a variety of posts , including a number of positions under former Sen. Bill Frist of Tennessee .	Chip Saltsman sent out the CD to committee members for Christmas Saltsman : "  I think most people recognize political satire when they see it " Song to tune of "  Puff the Magic Dragon " first played on Rush Limbaugh 's show Saltsman said song is satire of a Los Angeles Times article
New York  CNN  -- I would n't necessarily call myself a true germaphobe , but if entering a domestic partnership with a bottle of Purell were legal I 'd certainly consider it . Perhaps this is that slippery slope they 've warned us about . But it 's true . I 'm one among the insane masses who is chronically over-sanitizing himself because -- whoa -- it 's possible that a lone speck of someone else 's butt germs somehow drifted into my three-foot personal safety zone and is now infecting my life with disease and disgust . This , says the guy who will happily eat an unidentifiable rolling tube of meat under a heat lamp at a 7-Eleven . "  And , uh , how about three of those things . " "  Sir , they 've been there for 16 hours . " "  I see . Better make it four . " The point , here is that bathrooms gross me out , and people gross me out , and , though it 's all completely irrational , this mild phobia is getting to the point where , for safety , I may have to consider wearing pants in public . Of course , the biggest concern for most germaphobes is the dreaded public bathroom . While many people in the world would be overjoyed just to have public bathrooms , here we 're socially conditioned to be a little worrisome of any place where another human being and his lunch burrito may have had their final intimate encounter . However , in New York City that soon may not be a problem . A company called POSH Stow and Go is aiming to change all that with upscale , private bathrooms . The idea is this : Customers pay a yearly $ 15 membership fee . After that , they can then purchase different packages that range from three days  $ 24  to six days  $ 42  to 10 days  $ 60  . And this includes free use for up to three children under the age of 18 . Unfortunately , if you have four kids , it 's like a really bad remake of "  Sophie 's Choice . " "  Suzy , Esther , Julius ... let 's go inside and use the potty . Er , Billy , good luck out there . Breathe . " POSH 's founder , Wayne Parks , explains why this might be perfect for tourists . "  Everyone who visits Manhattan needs a home base , " he says . "  We will keep building locations as membership grows , so anyone can have a home base in every section of town they find themselves . " Right now , the plan is to launch three flagship POSH locations this summer , situated near the South Street Seaport , Penn Station and Grand Central Terminal . So , being that I was in New York for a work trip , I decided to visit one of these areas to see just what kind of options already exist . And I started right in the heart of it all at : Grand Central . On the main level of the terminal , I did n't immediately see any signs for public bathrooms . But I asked . And they do exist . Downstairs . Lower level . Perfectly adequate . The floors could be cleaner , and it had a slight odor of asparagus , but the loo at Grand Central is certainly passable considering thousands of people pass through each day , and some of them may have had shepherd 's pie for lunch . I 'm also told there is a super  no longer  secret women 's bathroom in the Metro North station master 's office . The secret men 's bathroom is on Track 32 . Literally on Track 32 . I think . Now , it 's worth mentioning , of course , that the Grand Central POSH Stow and Go location wo n't be directly in the terminal . It 's going to be near the terminal . Thus , I decided to get outside and do a full lap of the property -- one time around the block -- vowing to stop in five different private establishments to see if I could make use of their facilities without being a customer . Which is sort of a debatable practice . Last year , The Consumerist ran a poll on whether restaurants should allow non-customers to use the bathroom . About 36 % said yes , but only if the individual was in obvious discomfort . Surprisingly , only 12 % said flat-out NO . So , looking back on it , I do n't feel that bad , and , amazingly  at least at 3:30 pm on a Wednesday  there was absolutely zero trouble finding a place that would let me use the toilet . I even had a backup line to express my desperation -- something about a bad street-cart gyro . It was very convincing . But I definitely went five for five , dressed in jeans , a wool hat and a puffy winter coat . So , nothing fancy . Nothing filthy . Just normal tourist attire . Which is to say schleppy . And for those of you keeping score , know that I rated the bathroom at La Fonda del Sol a 9.5 out of 10 based on cleanliness , smell and lack of other people . That last part was important . I like privacy . And so does the founder of POSH Stow and Go . "  I unabashedly admit that I 'm bathroom-shy . I do n't want to hear anyone else 's business , " Parks says . Which is why the bathrooms at POSH will be soundproofed with music , solid core doors and sound-deadening walls . There also will be some heavy duty ventilation . But as the name suggests , POSH Stow and Go will be more than just bathrooms . Members will also be able to stow their bags in secure lockers or just have a quiet rest in a comfortable chair . Which is nice . But the big question is whether this business model will actually work . It 's New York . Rent is n't cheap . However , Parks is confident that if he builds it , members will come . "  I have yet to talk to anyone who prefers a dirty bathroom , " he says . "  It will be profitable if there are enough people like me that do n't like lugging business presentation materials , shopping bags , diaper bags , etc. around the city . " Of course , if it does n't work , there 's always Track 32 . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	For a small fee , a new startup will offer visitors to NYC a clean , private bathroom Yearly membership costs $ 15 Members can then purchase day passes which cost about $ 8
CNN  -- An animal rescue group on Sunday picked up a U.S. soldier 's adopted dog from Iraq , ending the soldier 's weeks-long struggle to send the animal to her Minnesota home . Sgt. Gwen Beberg adopted Ratchet after soldiers rescued him from a burning pile of trash in May . Operation Baghdad Pups , which said the U.S. military prevented its first attempt to take Ratchet the dog on October 1 , picked up the animal in Baghdad with military clearance and flew it to Kuwait on Sunday . The dog is expected to be flown to Washington on Monday , and if a veterinarian determines it is healthy , sent to Sgt. Gwen Beberg 's home state on Wednesday , Baghdad Pups publicist Larry Garrison said . Beberg , who adopted the dog after soldiers rescued it from a burning trash pile in May , tried to have the group fly Ratchet to the United States on October 1 as her deployment neared an end . But the military , which prohibits soldiers from adopting pets abroad and bringing them to the United States , confiscated the animal after Beberg put it on a convoy bound for Baghdad Airport , according to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , which runs OBP . Ratchet and Beberg , 28 , drew the attention of thousands of people who signed two online petitions -- linked through the SPCA 's Web site -- urging the military to let Ratchet go to the United States . The military cleared OBP to take Ratchet on Wednesday , but not in time for the group 's flight from Baghdad that day , the SPCA said . On Sunday , private security contractors took Ratchet from a base to the airport , where OBP -- which works with soldiers to help them bring adopted animals home -- put Ratchet on the charter flight to Kuwait , Garrison said . Northwest Airlines will donate the flights from Kuwait to Minnesota , Garrison said . The SPCA said Ratchet helped Beberg deal with her Iraq deployment , which started in September 2007 and is scheduled to end in November . "  She was absolutely miserable in the war and was really struggling to keep going every day . Ratchet turned it around for her , " SPCA spokeswoman Stephanie Scroggs said last week . Beberg 's mother , Patricia Beberg , in a statement released by the SPCA , said Ratchet "  was the savior of her -LSB- daughter 's -RSB- sanity " in Iraq . SPCA representatives said the military euthanizes some animals that it confiscates , and that Gwen Beberg worried that Ratchet would be killed . Beberg was thrilled to hear last week that the military would let OBP take Ratchet , the SPCA said . "  Your persistence and amazing work has astonished me throughout this whole thing , " Gwen Beberg said in an e-mail to the SPCA , according to the society . Scroggs said one of Beberg 's friends helped spread the news about Ratchet through blogs . One of the petitions , which had more than 65,000 signatures as of Sunday night , was started by a blogger , Scroggs said . The SPCA says although active-duty soldiers are n't allowed to adopt animals in the Middle East , many soldiers befriend animals in the course of their service there . Garrison said the program relies on donations , saying it generally costs $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 to bring a servicemember 's animal to the United States . "  This is n't a one-time story This is a program making a difference for our soldiers , " Garrison said .	U.S. soldier adopted dog in Iraq ; military prohibits such adoption Military took dog during soldier 's first attempt to send it home , group says Dog helped soldier cope with her deployment , group says Animal could be in Minnesota by Wednesday
CNN  -- Charles Keating , best known for his role as villain Carl Hutchins on the NBC soap opera "  Another World , " has died , his son said Tuesday . The 72-year-old actor had been fighting lung cancer for several years and died Friday , Sean Keating said . The London native began his career on the stage , appearing with the Royal Shakespeare Company . Charles Keating turned his attention toward television , first in the United Kingdom , then in the United States . He enjoyed stints as reformed criminal Hutchins on "  Another World " -- from 1983 to 1985 and from 1991 to 1998 and the final episode in 1999 . His work earned him a Daytime Emmy win for outstanding lead actor in a drama series in 1996 . Keating also appeared on soaps "  As the World Turns , " "  All My Children " and "  Port Charles " and prime time shows including "  Sex and the City , " "  Xena : Warrior Princess " and "  Miami Vice . " The actor appeared in numerous films , including 1992 's "  The Bodyguard , " and the 1999 version of "  The Thomas Crown Affair . " Keating was nominated for a Tony Award in 1986 for his featured role in the Broadway play "  Loot . " His former "  Another World " co-star Alicia Coppola tweeted about the veteran actor . "  Charles Keating has passed , " Coppola wrote . "  I am so very sad . Along w / @LindaDano he was my very first acting teacher . The actress I am is because of them . " Keating died at his home in Weston , Connecticut . Keating is survived by his wife , Mary , and one other son . "  He as an extraordinary actor . He was an actor 's actor , " Sean Keating said . Charles Keating told his family he wanted to be cremated and there will be no funeral , instead a traditional Irish celebration of his life will take place on his birthday , his son said . The Internet Movie Database says Keating was born on October 22 , 1941 . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Steve Almasy and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Charles Keating had lung cancer , his son said He appeared on soaps ` Another World , ' ` As The World Turns ' and ` All My Children ' His family will have an Irish celebration ceremony on Keating 's birthday Actress Alicia Coppola credits him as one of her mentors
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Buoyed by the runaway success of "  Gangnam Style , " the South Korean company behind music sensation Psy is taking on what has been a tricky market for international record labels to crack -- China . "  While our previous activity in China had been putting on concerts occasionally , we will now be setting up an office in China and aggressively pursue the China market , " a representative for YG Entertainment told CNN in Seoul . YG is one of three South Korean companies that have largely been responsible for Hallyu -- the Korean wave of sugary and attractive girl and boy bands that have taken Asia by storm over the past decade . And China has not been immune to K-pop 's allure . YG 's chief operating officer Choi Sung-jun says that acts like Psy , boy band Big Bang and rapper G-Dragon are extremely popular among Chinese fans . G-Dragon 's concert on Friday and Saturday at Hong Kong 's Asia World Expo has been completely sold out , he added . China 's airwaves have been dominated by Chinese-language "  Mandopop , " but tastes are evolving as the internet gives young people access to different types of music , says Nathaniel Davis , operations director of China-based music industry consultancy Splatter . However , high rates of piracy on both digital and physical products make it very difficult for a label to discover steady revenue streams . "  Labels can not function or sustain themselves from record sales revenues and so much of their income comes from the ` other ' ways artists generate revenue -- endorsements , commercial appearances , ringtone sales , and live shows , " Davis says . Reflecting these challenges , Choi says the company 's initial focus in China will be on making money from concerts . In March , music giants Universal , Warner and Sony , along with China 's Gold Typhoon Entertainment , settled a hard-fought music-piracy law suit with Chinese Internet company Sohu that will see the record companies receive royalties and licensing fees . The labels reached a similar agreement with search engine Baidu in 2011 . Despite being the world 's second largest economy , China ranks 20th globally in terms of recorded music revenue , according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry  IFPI  . In 2012 , recorded music revenues totaled $ 92.4 billion , up 9 % from 2012 but equal only $ 0.1 per person . Digital downloads accounted for more than 80 % of sales in China , compared with 42 % globally . China is aware of the problems facing the industry and is concerned that it has not produced a act of global or even regional standing . "  Psy 's success seems to be haphazard but it is n't , " Zang Yanbin , president of the China Record Working Committee told the China Daily in March . "  Behind Gangnam Style are great efforts by the Korean government and music companies to develop and promote Korean pop music . The Chinese government should also try to create better environments for Chinese pop music . " YG 's ambitions are not limited to China . The company recently incorporated in the United States and speaks of a "  digital silk road " spreading K-pop to the world . Last year , the music video to Psy 's Gangnam Style went viral to become the most-watched video on YouTube . The song was also the third best-selling single of the year , according to the IFPI , and has helped boost the financial fortunes of YG . The company , which went public in Korea in 2011 , reported a 45 % increase in net income to 18.8 billion won  $ 17 million  in 2012 . YG said it was too early to say whether they planned to develop local Chinese acts or simply promote their existing artists in the country . But one novel strategy has been adopted by rival SM Entertainment , which is trying to make inroads into the Chinese market with Exo -- a boy band that performs their songs in Mandarin as well as Korean . Journalist Frances Cha in Seoul contributed to this report	Psy 's record label plans to expand in China YG Entertainment seeks to capitalize on K-pop 's popularity But piracy makes it hard for record labels to make money China ranks 20th globally in terms of recorded music revenue
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- In her first television interview since Mel Gibson went public with their relationship in April , his girlfriend , Oksana Grigorieva , made it clear to CNN : "  I 'd like to be known for my music . " Oksana Grigorieva and Mel Gibson are expecting a child this year . Still , the 39-year-old singer was willing to talk about her beau and her pregnancy , as well as her new album , "  Beautiful Heartache . " "  Beautiful Heartache " was released to iTunes on July 23 by Icon Distribution , Gibson 's company , which up until now has handled only soundtracks for his movies . "  He 's an incredible artist , " Grigorieva said . "  A visionary . He enabled me to produce this album , for my music to live . " The Oscar-winning  "  Braveheart "  filmmaker also directed four music videos for Grigorieva during a whirlwind week in Mexico . Watch Grigorieva talk about Gibson , love " "  They 're like dramatic miniature films -- a whirlpool of different , exciting , bright images . That 's quite rare , " she said . The music videos and music are available on her Web site , www.oksana.fm . Grigorieva has a background in music . She said she was classically trained as a pianist in her native Russia , and both her parents are musicians . In 2006 , a song she penned called "  Un Dia Llegara " was recorded by Josh Groban for his album "  Awake . " Though she describes her album as being about "  different facets of love , " she cautions that listeners should n't overthink the lyrics . "  This album is not autobiographical -- maybe only partially so . It 's not a diary . " Gibson , 53 , and his wife of nearly 30 years , Robyn , filed for divorce in April . The two have seven children . Grigorieva and Gibson were first photographed together on the set of his movie "  Edge of Darkness , " according to People magazine . Grigorieva is pregnant with Gibson 's child and is to give birth this year . She said the couple has opted not to learn the sex of the child . It will be her second child , after Alexander , her 12-year-old son with actor Timothy Dalton . "  I 'm already buying things in gender-neutral colors . It 's very cute , " she chuckled . Alexander , she added , is excited about having a sibling . "  He 's like a little man , protecting me . He 's looking forward to it very much . " Grigorieva says she and Gibson have no immediate plans for marriage . "  We do n't know yet . We have n't really talked about it , " she admitted . She acknowledged that her relationship with Gibson has given her a unique opportunity to present her skills . "  If you think about it , every talent needs a serious push and help from somebody who is stronger , because it 's pretty much impossible for anybody to succeed in this industry . So I 've become very lucky , and I 'm very grateful , " she said . "  You do n't control the situations or the people you meet . I did not plan this . I 'm just doing what I 've always been doing . It 's not like I 've changed my goals at all . " In the meantime , Grigorieva is adapting to life in the public eye . "  It has n't been too bad , actually . There was a period of time where it was a little bit difficult , but now it 's much better , " she said . Before embarking on limited press for the new album , Gibson did offer a few words of advice , she added : "  Just be myself and speak the truth . What I most like to talk about is my music and ` Beautiful Heartache . ' And that 's pretty much it . "	Oksana Grigorieva and Mel Gibson have been a couple for at least a year Grigorieva has a new album , "  Beautiful Heartache " Singer is pregnant with Gibson 's child , describes Gibson as "  a visionary "
CNN  -- Moderate Islamist Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh has gathered support from the left and the right since he was ousted from the Muslim Brotherhood over his decision to run for the Egyptian presidency . Now running as a respected independent in Egypt 's first democratic presidential election , Abol Fotoh says the pillars of his program are to strengthen democracy , freedom and respect for human rights , and to ensure everyone is treated fairly under Egyptian law . Those ideals are backed by a long history of opposition to the regime of President Hosni Mubarak , said Dr. Omar Ashour , director of Middle East Studies at the University of Exeter and a visiting scholar at the Brookings Institution in Doha , Qatar . Abol Fotoh was among those who first demonstrated in Tahrir Square on January 25 , 2011 , Ashour told CNN from Cairo , and he has maintained his commitment to the popular revolution since . He is now winning support from people from across the political spectrum , from far right , ultraconservative groups all the way to revolutionaries , Ashour said . "  What brings them together , all these very different groups , is this will for changing the status quo and  an  understanding that the current civil-military relationship is very much skewed , with too much power in the hands of the military , " Ashour said . Abol Fotoh has also shown he can stand tough when he needs to , which suggests he will stick to his campaign promises , Ashour said . Among those promises are a determination to tackle the corruption that permeates Egyptian society and to restore the independence of the judiciary . He has also pledged to bring to justice those responsible for killing protesters involved in the demonstrations of the past year , Ashour said . A poll published this month by the Al-Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies showed Abol Fotoh placing second behind rival Amre Moussa , and suggested he did particularly well among more educated voters . Starting Wednesday , Egyptians will head to the polls for the historic election . In an interview with the Middle East-focused magazine Enigma , posted on his official website , Abol Fotoh talks about the need for Egypt 's new president to be "  flexible on issues of religion " and able to "  maintain the country 's safety and independence . " His own strength as a candidate is rooted in his four decades in public and political life , he said . After becoming politically active while a medical student in the 1960s , Abol Fotoh continued his political engagement through the following decades . He was arrested twice for his involvement with the Muslim Brotherhood , in 1981 and again in 1996 , when he was detained for five years . He was jailed again in 2009 , this time for six months , for his part in efforts by the Arab Doctors ' Union Relief Committee for Gaza to take medicines into the Gaza Strip . An internal reformer , he had already planned to leave the Muslim Brotherhood before the group suspended him last year , he told Enigma , because he felt it should focus on its social and educational activities rather than a political role . While his relations with the Muslim Brotherhood remain bad , that break with the organization is part of his very broad appeal , said Khaled Elgindy , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington . Abol Fotoh 's "  big-picture " thinking , moving beyond the tension between the religious and secular to the country 's future , has proved popular with young people and secular revolutionary types , Elgindy said . He also holds slightly more liberal views on social issues than most in the Muslim Brotherhood . At the same time , Abol Fotoh appeals to the ultraconservative Salafi groups on political grounds because he is no longer part of the Muslim Brotherhood but is still an Islamist , rather than secular , contender . "  The Salafis see the Muslim Brotherhood as a threat to them not only because they are both competing for Islamist constituencies , but as a broader threat as a potential monopolizer of the political process , " Elgindy said . "  The Muslim Brotherhood do n't like to share the ball . " As a result , the Salafis are willing to overlook their ideological and philosophical differences with Abol Fotoh and back him . Many liberals also see him as a more viable candidate than some of the revolutionary leftists , Elgindy said , and so are rallying behind the independent as the "  least worst option " for them . "  He has been very critical of Egypt 's military rulers , so he is seen as someone who is acceptable but can still shake things up , " Elgindy said . When it comes to the ballot box , Abol Fotoh 's success may depend on how widely the revolutionary or liberal vote is split , with other candidates such as Khaled Ali also appealing to that constituency . But he has made clear that he is a champion of peaceful change and wants to see Egypt 's revolution continue on a true path toward democracy .	Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh is backed by Egyptians from the right and left A moderate Islamist , he has a long history of opposition to the Mubarak regime He was suspended from the Muslim Brotherhood when he decided to run for president Abol Fotoh says he wants to tackle corruption , ensure progress toward democracy
CNN  -- A missing British yacht was found overturned with its keel broken , causing a breech in the hull , about 1,000 miles off Massachusetts , but the four-man crew is still missing , the U.S. Coast Guard said Friday . A U.S. Navy helicopter spotted the capsized the 39-foot Cheeki Rafiki sailboat within a Coast Guard search area east of Cape Cod , officials said . A Navy boat crew and surface swimmer assessed the damaged boat , but the swimmer found no signs of the crew after knocking on the hull and reaching below the waterline , the Coast Guard said . Search crews looked Friday for a bright-colored life raft and the missing sailors , who the Royal Yachting Association identified as skipper Andrew Bridge , 21 ; Steve Warren , 52 ; Paul Goslin , 56 ; and James Male , 23 . As expected , the Coast Guard suspended the search at 10 p.m. ET Friday -- which was midnight in the search zone -- after scouring another 21,000 square miles . No sailors had been found as of then . In a statement Friday night , the Coast Guard hinted that the prospects anyone would be found alive are slim . "  Based on the extreme sea conditions at the time of distress , but assuming best-case emergency equipment , the estimated survival time past the time of distress was approximately 20 hours , " the Coast Guard said . "  Searches were suspended nearly 200 hours after the time of distress . " The four British sailors have been missing in the Atlantic Ocean for more than a week . The 39-foot  12 meters  Cheeki Rafiki was sailing from the Caribbean to the United Kingdom on May 15 when it began taking on water , according to Doug Innes , the yacht 's managing agent . Innes said contact was lost with the boat -- which he describes as "  a performance racer/cruiser " that is "  equipped for trans-Atlantic sailing and racing " -- early the next morning . He added that he believed the crew abandoned to the life raft . But the U.S. Coast Guard appeared to dispel that notion , saying Friday night that "  the boat 's life raft was secured in its storage space ... indicating the crew had not been able to use it for emergency purposes . " Multinational search for missing British yacht crew resumes CNN 's Greg Botelho , Steve Almasy and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	NEW : As expected , the Coast Guard search is suspended ; no sailors are found NEW : The life raft on the 39-foot Cheeki Rafiki was n't used Overturned boat is found 1,000 miles off Massachusetts with its keel broken
CNN  -- It 's one of the most mocked fonts on the Internet , the target of numerous campaigns and websites that believe its "  comical " design has no place in civilized society . Now , Comic Sans has gone analog with the "  Sincerity Machine , " a typewriter that types letters in Comic Sans . The idea came to Pittsburgh designer Jesse England one night in September , when he was lying in bed reading a comic that used a typewriter-style font in its lettering . "  It just struck me there was nothing stopping me from making a typewriter that could use a different font , " he said . Why do it ? It 's hard to say , exactly . But it 's the kind of project that interests England , an artist and educator who leads classes in laser-cutting and engraving at a digital media studio for a living . Through his job he had access to tools to etch letters out of acrylic and glue them onto the strikers of an old Brother Charger 11 typewriter he found on the street years ago . He could have used any font , but he chose Comic Sans "  to provoke a reaction . " "  If I 'd made it in Helvetica people would 've just observed it as a little design experiment , " he said in a phone interview Saturday . Instead , by altering a classic machine to type one of the most polarizing fonts , he hopes to make people think about how they consume , generate and store media . It appears to be working . Reaction on his YouTube video has been mixed and extreme , much like feelings over the much-maligned font . The Comic Sans Criminal website urges people to take the "  Comic Sans Pledge " to seriously consider whether it is "  an appropriate font choice " before using it in any printed work . " England has contemplated use of media in previous projects . As a Carnegie Mellon graduate student , he printed the pages of an eBook to create a bound book . He also leads YouTube tutorials on how to write in different fonts to show people that they can "  retrain themselves " to use media differently from how they were taught in school . He insists he 's not a Luddite : he uses a smartphone and the cloud , and he appreciates the benefits of the digital age . But he worries that our fetishism of nostalgia and "  homage to older standards in unquestioned fashion " is misguided at times . He also worries about policies and governments that restrict access to digital media . "  It 's great that we can store our own content in the cloud and access email anywhere , " he said . "  What I want to avoid is the ability to have control over my media life being removed . " So , what does that have to do with a Comic Sans typewriter ? "  I sincerely want people to consume and generate and make media in a considered fashion , " he said . As for those who despise the Sincerity Machine as much as the font , he has a reminder : Nothing is permanent . "  If need be those stickers can come off the keys and the Comic Sans covers can come off the strikers , and the machine would be as good as new . "	"  Sincerity Machine " types letters in Comic Sans Creator Jesse England hopes to make people think about how they consume media England says he wants people to use media "  in a considered fashion , " he said
CNN  -- The Avenue Gordon Bennett in France 's capital is everything you would expect of a leafy lane in a quintessentially Parisian suburb . The Serres D'Auteuil botanical gardens -- home to a myriad of rare and exotic plants -- sit alongside the center of a Gallic passion that is Roland Garros -- the site of the annual French Open . But beneath the genteel surroundings a simmering war is brewing , one that pitches fauna lovers against forehand followers and has battle lines drawn between the ornate , glass greenhouses of the gardens and the clay of the courts that welcome stars like Roger Federer and Caroline Wozniacki to the second grand slam of the year . Welcome to the fight to expand Roland Garros . In one corner -- the French Tennis Federation  FFT  -- which maintain the tournament has become a victim of its own success and has outgrown its current site following player complaints of cramped conditions . The FFT , as a solution , propose expanding into the botanical gardens next door , replacing greenhouses with a new arena fit to house some of the world 's best tennis matches . In the other corner , campaigners and local residents who accuse the tennis body of "  environmental vandalism " and who bitterly opposed to the move . Ahead of this year 's tournament next month , it looks like the row is destined to be thrashed out in the French courts . The opposition to the move hardened when the FFT voted in February to keep the French Open at Roland Garros in the 16th arrondissement  district  of Paris rather than move to an alternative site . They rejected bids from three other venues in the inner and outer suburbs of the French capital , Gonesse , Versailles and Marne-la-Vallee  near Disneyland Paris  to the dismay of the anti-expansion campaigners . The Serres d'Auteuil is one of only three botanical gardens in Paris and contain a series of unique greenhouses and campaigners say the very rare plant life will be lost forever . "  What the FFT is proposing is the equivalent of Wimbledon deciding to expand the All-England Club and take over Kew Gardens in the process , " Agnes Popelin , who heads the campaign , told CNN . Christiane Morin Muller worked as an English speaking guide in Paris 's Botanical Gardens for 18 years until she retired and said she was "  very distressed and very upset " by the latest developments . "  We do n't have many botanical gardens in France and just three in Paris and Auteuil is the main one , " she added . Under the plans , Roland Garros will grow from its current 8.5 hectare site to 13.5 hectares , with a new planned show court in the corner of the gardens . Muller said that the encroachment will destroy the character of the gardens and the expansion would not stop there . "  With over 40,000 people going through this botanical garden every day for a fortnight it will be destroyed and little by little more ground will be given over to tennis , " she added . The ` no ' campaigners , who also include local residents worried about the introduction of night matches and floodlights , have gathered an online petition of over 40,000 signatures and have vowed to fight on . But Gilbert Ysern , the chief executive of the FFT and the man responsible for overseeing the project , told CNN that the protesters fears were groundless . "  I fully respect those who disagree with us but my concern is that most of the opposition is based on a lack of information , false information or false rumors , " he told CNN . "  I would not have supported any project in this gorgeous place that would have destroyed ancient greenhouses , " he added . His assurances over the future of the plant life cuts no ice with Popelin , or that of the Mayor of Paris , Bertrand Delanoe , who campaigned to keep the French Open at Roland Garros . "  The mayor is promising their relocation in an other ` wonderful place ' , located at the floral park in the Bois de Vincennes , " she said . "  But there are no existing greenhouses there and none can be built because this is classified as a protected site . There are only pavilions . But the mayor and his staff can not tell the difference between a pavilion and a greenhouse . "  There is no temperature control , shade or ventilation . " What is not in doubt is that the status quo was not an option with players such as Federer speaking out . "  The players and the fans feel that even if it 's quite a nice experience it 's quite tough to live in every day . We need more room , " he said last year . Ysern spoke with Federer and other leading players when drawing up his plans and found support from five-time French Open champion and World No 1 Rafael Nadal , who wants the tournament to stay at Roland Garros . "  I believe we are going to meet the expectations of the players and the fans , all of those who have a strong attachment to this place , " he said . But others were not so sure about the viability of the extension , with France 's former World No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo voicing her doubts . "  I think that in Paris today we do n't have the possibility to have the necessary space to develop Roland Garros , " Mauresmo told Reuters . "  We are the smallest of the four grand slams and I think it is important to have the chance to grow , and for the public to have more room . " Mauresmo declined to be interviewed by CNN on the topic which has divided opinion in France with many such as Franck Ramella , the chief tennis correspondent of L'Equipe , having conflicting views . "  It looks very strange to put a tennis court on these gardens , it does n't suit the place . "  But the tournament is for only two weeks and if you want to make room there is no other solution , " he added . Popelin is adamant that power politics has played a big part in the decision . "  The mayor of Paris has already lost the Olympics to London  for 2012  and could n't be seen as playing a part in Roland Garros losing the French Open . "  I am a big tennis fan and I love watching the French Open but I am passionate in my opposition of these plans . " Lawmakers in the French capital must decide if they want to make changes to the local urban plan to allow the planned expansion but only the Green Party has expressed outright opposition . Popelin and her followers are not hopeful of the outcome but she says they are prepared to take legal action to protect the botanical gardens and is also speaking with representatives of the three failed bids . "  I have told them not to sell their land for other projects because in perhaps two years I am convinced the French federation will change their mind on this matter , " she added . But again , Ysern has a completely different view and believes that once the political and likely legal process is exhausted that work will start in late 2012 and be finished at an estimated cost nearly $ 340 million by 2016 . "  We are breaking no law here , " he insists . "  We are not ashamed of what we are going to do which will be in the best interests of sport and France . " But even with the controversial expansion it will remain the smallest site of the for four slams , with Wimbledon just over half as big again . "  I do n't care about being the biggest , we have a gorgeous location in a gorgeous city and as long as we have that why should we go anywhere else ? , " said Ysern . "  The best way to protect integrity of the tournament is to concentrate on the unique aspects of our tournament and make it even more unique . "	French tennis federation want to expand French Open venue Roland Garros Plans have met with fierce opposition from environmental campaigners Expansion will take over part of an botanical gardens and adjoining sports centers Move to one of three alternative sites rejected by federation in vote last month
The slow death of American manufacturing and the trend toward outsourcing overseas has made it hard to find American-made goods , but not impossible . A host of small businesses are still dedicated to manufacturing goods in America , and , thanks to a few diligent bloggers , they 're easier than ever to find . "  Buying Made in USA is not just a passing trend . It truly is something we as consumers , business owners and even government can do to support small to mid-size businesses , " said Julie Reiser , president and co-founder of Made in USA Certified , which audits supply chains for businesses that want their products to bear their seal . "  Small businesses are responsible for two out of every three new jobs created in the U.S. . We need these small to mid-size businesses to flourish and grow as they are our innovators , our makers and job creators . Making it in America , supporting U.S. manufacturing and buying American is one thing we can all do today to help keep the American dream alive and well . " Made in USA pop-ups bring together like-minded consumers Here 's a short list of websites and Facebook groups dedicated to helping consumers find products made in the United States , along with a few brands known to manufacture most or a substantial portion of their goods stateside . Read the list and help us grow it by adding your suggestions in the comments . Resources : The Made in America Movement USA Love List American Made Matters A Continuous Lean : The American List Things Made in America made in usa challenge Hickorees : Made in the USA Haute Americana WELL SPENT BuyDirectUSA.com Accessories : - Archival : Bags , apparel , blankets - Arne Mason : Leather carrying cases - Blackbox Case : Wooden laptop cases - Corter Leather and Cloth : Belts , wallets , key chains - Fox River Mills : Socks - Makr Carry Goods : Bags , stools , wallets , belts - NATIVE  X  : Totes , scarves , jewelry , mugs - Pendleton : Blankets and apparel - Pierrepont Hicks : Ties , bowties - Randolph Engineering : Glasses , sunglasses - Summit Creek Dry Goods : Wallets , key chains , belts - Estex Mfg. Co. : Tool sheaths , aprons , buckets , holsters Bags : - Archival Clothing - Duluth Pack - GORUCK - J.W. Hulme - Maptote - Mountain Ridge Gear - Tom Bihn - Tough Traveler Clothes : - All American Clothing - American Apparel - Beverly Hills Basics - Black Halo - C&C California - Emerson Fry - Hanky Panky - Imogene and Willie - Kate Boggiano - Left Field - Pendleton - Pointer Brand - Raleigh Denim - Taylor Stitch - Todd Shelton - UNIS Footwear : - Alden - Allen Edmonds - Capps Shoe Company - Munro Shoes - Oakstreet Bootmakers - Quoddy - Rancourt and Company - Red Wing Heritage line - Russell Moccasin Co. . Headwear : - Bollman Hat Company - Stormy Kromer - Walz Caps - BUZZLINE - Stetson Random : - Audio Research : Audio products - Braun Corporation : Manufacturer of wheelchair lifts and ramps , transit vehicles - Case Knives : Pocket and hunting knives - Colgate : Crib mattresses and pads - Council Tool : Hand tools - CUTCO Cutlery - Edelbrock : Specialty vehicle parts - Excel : Hand dryers - Grado Labs : Headphones and phone cartridges - Heritage General Store : Bicycles - Litespeed Bicycles - Pacific Hospitality Design : Furniture - K'NEX : Children 's toys - Geneva Manufacturing : Modular garage organizing gear - Itsy Bitsy Ritzy Shop : Furniture - Lodge Cast Iron Cookware - MAK Grills - Malpaca : Pillows and bedding - Portland General Store : Grooming products for men - Purrfectplay : Pet toys - Simplicity Vacuums - Sterilite : Plastic Housewares - Steelman Cycles - Stonebridge Upholstery : Furniture - Tervis : Tumblers , drink ware - USA Flag Supply : American , Gadsen , specialty flags - Vandersteen Audio : Speakers - Wholesome Hide : Rawhide dog chews Where do you shop for products made in the United States ? Share your resources in the comments !	NEW : Happy Independence Day ! Buying American-made products is one way to show your stripes Products manufactured in America may seem hard to find , but it 's not impossible CNN commenters provide picks for brands that manufacture in America
CareerBuilder.com  -- People are losing their jobs left and right these days , and it 's not because of the economy . It 's because of what they say . President Obama relieved Gen. Stanley McChrystal of his job as commander of all U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan Wednesday , because of negative remarks the general and his aides made about several officials in the Obama administration that were published in a Rolling Stone magazine article . The comments made were pretty clear that the general did not agree with many of the policies and decisions made about the war in Afghanistan . McChrystal is n't the first U.S. general to be sacked by a commander-in-chief . George Washington , Abraham Lincoln and Harry Truman are among those who have done the same during wartime . In a statement , Obama gave his reasons for the decision : "  The conduct represented in the recently published article does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general . It undermines the civilian control of the military that is at the core of our democratic system . And it erodes the trust that 's necessary for our team to work together to achieve our objectives in Afghanistan . " While not everyone is going to be the subject of Rolling Stone feature , more and more people are airing their grievances bosses to the public via Facebook , Twitter and texting ... and getting in trouble for them . For every story you see in the newspaper about this issue , I bet there are many more that are n't reported . Just this week , a friend told me she might have to let an employee go based on a Facebook post . So can you disagree with your boss without losing your job ? Yes , but it 's how you do it that can make or break your employment . Most importantly , you should do is address the issue directly with your boss in a respectful manner . Joseph Grenny , coauthor of "  Crucial Confrontations , " gives some tips on how to do this . 1 . Get your motives right . Sometimes we wait to bring up concerns until we 're irritated . This is ineffective because at that point our goal is no longer to be constructive , it 's to punish . Before opening your mouth , ask yourself , "  What do I really want ? " 2 . Start with safety . Begin by clarifying your respect and your intent . Help your boss understand that your intent is to provide a different viewpoint you feel will help achieve your mutual goal . 3 . Start with the facts . Once you 've created safety , you start describing your concerns facts first . Do n't lead with your judgments or conclusions . Start by describing in non-judgmental and objective terms the behaviors that are creating problems . 4 . Do n't pile on . As you lay out the facts , monitor safety . If your boss becomes defensive , pause for a moment and check in . Reassure them of your positive intentions and allow them to express any concerns they have . 5 . Invite dialogue . Finally , having shared your concerns , encourage your boss to share their perspective . Invite dialogue . The result of your openness will be a greater openness on your boss 's part as well . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Gen. Stanley McChrystal is n't the first general who clashed with commander-in-chief It 's HOW you disagree with your boss that can make or break your employment Get your motivation clear and start by clarifying your respect and intent Lead with facts , monitor boss ' reaction and invite discussion
Anthea Raymond no longer has to break the law to kayak on the Los Angeles River . This week , the namesake waterway of the nation 's second-largest city opened for unrestricted public recreation for the first time since the 1930s -- when devastating floods prompted officials to close public access to the river and pave its banks with concrete to improve storm drainage , officials said . Raymond was the third person to paddle a 2.5-mile section that 's now wide open for public use . Even the name of this stretch of the 51-mile river captures its natural allure : Elysian Valley . "  My experience was , ` wow , ' " said Raymond , who plied the waters as a representative of the Los Angeles River Expeditions and the Los Angeles Kayak Club . "  There 's always the sound of water . That 's what 's so awesome . " Unlike other big city rivers -- such as New York 's Hudson River or the Chicago River -- the Los Angeles River is more a seasonal desert waterway : It 's flush with rapids during the rain season but becomes a modest stream in the hot summer , slowing to a trickle in some places . Except for guerrilla kayaking by river lovers such as Raymond and others in the expedition club , the concrete-lined river has been strictly off-limits since the Depression era because the river is technically an Army Corps of Engineers flood control channel , officials said . After public pressure and leadership from a local councilman and the corps ' commander , officials at several levels of government created the Los Angeles River Pilot Recreation Zone along a lush segment that features tree-lined islands , vistas of the San Gabriel Mountains and abundant wildlife such as herons , egrets , hawks and kingfishers . Oasis parks are colorfully named Rattlesnake , Steelhead and Egret . And , yes , there are even fish in the river -- carp , catfish and bass -- and anglers can drop a line as long as they have a state permit . Opinion : When the audience paddles a canoe to the play In this recreation zone , the public can launch a kayak , canoe or other nonmotorized boat without a permit or cost , said spokesman Dash Stolarz of the Mountains Recreation and Conservation Authority , which manages the pilot recreation zone . This soft-bottom portion of the river is also called the Glendale Narrows . The pilot program allows for the open recreation between Memorial Day and Labor Day , a period when local storms are unlikely . Officials expect the program to be renewed in subsequent years , Stolarz said . Accompanied by government officials , kayakers such as Raymond celebrated the river 's opening Monday , and her kayak club even made a video . Raymond , who 's in her 40s , compared the Los Angeles River to New York City 's Hudson and East rivers , where she took up kayaking . New York 's rivers are vastly larger and indeed are major commercial corridors , she said . The Los Angeles River , however , has a history of ridicule and neglect : A state legislator in the 1980s wanted to build a highway on it . It 's better known as the cinematic home for violence and car chases in films such as "  Grease " and "  Terminator 2 . " In the 1990s , the conservation group American Rivers placed it six times on the list of the country 's 20 most threatened and endangered rivers . In 2010 , however , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency declared it a "  traditional navigable water , " allowing for Clean Water Act protections , officials said . The river ultimately ends in the Pacific Ocean at Long Beach , California . Another maiden kayaker this week , Councilman-elect Mitch O'Farrell , almost capsized during his adventure . "  People were downright giddy to get into a kayak on the Los Angeles River , " he said . "  Even that 2.5-mile has rapids . It takes some concentration . It 's a real river . It does take certain risks . " Alissa Walker , a blogger who wrote about her experience Monday , said she was among a small group of enthusiasts who received federal permits last year for trips on another stretch of the river just to prove it was safe . Kayakers earn bragging rights in Green River Narrows Like others , she hopes officials will open other sections of the river to the public . " ` Cool ' is a good word for it , " Walker said . "  The difference about kayaking here is that we 're going under major freeways right in the city . That was the most jarring part of the whole experience . "  You never would have guessed we were in L.A. . It was so lush . There were so many birds . And it did n't smell , which many people worried about , " she said . "  There were a couple parts where we had to get out and hop over a rock because it was pretty shallow . " For the past two years , another portion of the Los Angeles River has been open to kayakers for short periods in the summer , but access was strictly limited under permits from the Army Corps of Engineers . Those tours were on a 1.5-mile section in a 2,000-acre park called the Sepulveda Basin Recreation Area , and the permits sold out in a matter of hours , denying large numbers of river lovers a legal chance to ply the waters . The Elysian Valley section was able to open without restrictions because of government cooperation , infrastructure improvement and public safety measures , said Councilman Ed Reyes , whose district includes the west bank of the river . The city relocated homeless people from riverside encampments , and the bicycling and running trail provides passersby a way to keep an eye on one another , Reyes said . For Reyes , the river opening is a capstone to a long campaign and elected office career . He 's entering his last month of his 12-year tenure on the City Council , forced to step down because of term limits . He 's now 53 , but he recalls illegally swimming in the river and bicycling its banks as a 10-year-old boy with other youths -- until they discovered how filthy the water was , he said . About a decade ago , local AM radio shock jocks mocked Reyes ' grand vision to revitalize the river : his school-age daughter even came home upset , Reyes said . But now there 's been a shift in the Los Angeles culture and the way Angelenos view themselves . They can truly identify a river in the city , he said . "  They had me in the loony bin talking about my efforts as a mad man , " Reyes said of the public mockery against him . "  For many years , it 's been the butt of jokes and used as a throwaway and undesirable location and used as a backyard . "  Today , it 's a front yard , " Reyes declared . 15 ways to see the world on water	Since the 1930s , the Los Angeles River has been an off-limits flood control channel But this week , officials open a 2.5-mile section of the 51-mile river to the public Now kayakers and others can legally paddle past the islands , birds , fish in the river For decades , the Los Angeles River had been ridiculed as a backwater
CNN  Federal prosecutors are bringing charges in one of the fires in riots that destroyed businesses after the Michael Brown grand jury decision . A federal grand jury indicted Antonio Whiteside , 26 , charging him with the arson of the Ferguson Market , the spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in St. Louis said . The market was the scene of a reported strong-armed robbery by Michael Brown shortly before his fatal confrontation with police officer Darren Wilson . Police from St. Louis County , Ferguson and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives circulated surveillance camera pictures of a suspect wearing a camouflage jacket in connection with the fire . Whiteside is that suspect , prosecutors allege , according to a U.S. law enforcement official briefed on the investigation . Investigators said he was seen using an accelerant to set fire to the market , the official said . He was arrested in January and the indictment was brought on Wednesday . The Ferguson Market survived disturbances in August after the Brown shooting , but burned after the grand jury decision was announced in November . It continues to operate . Complete coverage on Ferguson	The Ferguson Market was burned after grand jury decision in Michael Brown case Prosecutors used surveillance camera pictures to determine a suspect in the fire
Chicago  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton lit into members of Congress on Wednesday night in Chicago , questioning their resolve to legislate as opposed to their desire to play politics . "  The basic problem is we have lost leaders on both sides of the aisle , particularly at this point in history , on the other side of the aisle , who are more interested in governing than in posturing , more interested in problem solving than in partisanship , " Clinton told an audience of business leaders at The Economic Club of Chicago on Wednesday night . Clinton , the former senator from New York and Democrats ' presidential favorite , said this became clear for her during the 16-day partial government shutdown in 2013 , when President Barack Obama had to cancel his trip to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Bali , Indonesia . At the time Clinton was secretary of state . "  I do n't care what party you are , Democrats never did that to George W. Bush despite our deep differences with President Bush on taxes , on Iraq , on so many other things , " Clinton said . "  We never did it . " Clinton waffles on Obamacare tax question Clinton 's remarks were more stepped up than in the past , questioning not only Congress ' resolve , but their commitment to doing their jobs . "  You have to ask yourself , do these particular members of Congress really understand the world ? Understand what it means for the United States to lead and to be perceived as a leader ? Or do they just not care , " Clinton posited . "  Do they just have a whole other agenda that enables them to say whatever they want to say and spout whatever rhetoric they want to spout ? " Clinton has been outspoken in her longing for political leaders who could negotiate and cut deals . Her stump speech regularly includes lines that decry partisan politics . "  It is deeply distressing to me that we have people running for Congress , both House and Senate , who proudly go around their districts and their states proclaiming that you should send them to Washington because they will never compromise , " Clinton said , pulling a line from previous speeches . Sizing up a Clinton-Romney race Clinton urged the 900 well-heeled business leaders and philanthropists in the room to make their disapproval known . "  That is why it is imperative that you have people in business and other positions of responsibility basically say ... ` Get out there and do your job . Stay off the talk shows . Get back to the Congress . Legislate and solve America 's problems . ' " She added later , in an apparent appeal to independents , this call : "  The only way to solve this is for the American people , the American voters ... who constitute the great middle of the American political system , to just call a halt to it . "	Hillary Clinton , a former senator , questioned the current Congress ' resolve to legislate . ` The basic problem is we have lost leaders on both sides of the aisle , ' Clinton said .
CNN  -- Police in Pennsylvania mounted an intense search Monday in the Philadelphia suburbs for a man suspected of killing his ex-wife and five former in-laws , the district attorney for Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , said at a Monday night press conference . Bradley William Stone of Pennsburg killed his ex-wife and her mother , grandmother and sister , as well as the sister 's husband and 14-year-old daughter , said District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman . But Stone did n't harm his two daughters , who were living with his ex-wife . He took them to a neighbor 's residence in Pennsburg , the last place he was seen , Ferman said . "  We do not know where he is , " Ferman said . "  We do not have vehicle information . We actually recovered his vehicle and his personal cellphone so we do not have information how he might be traveling . " She did n't provide a motive for the slayings . Stone was described as armed and dangerous . Late Monday night , police agencies descended on Doylestown , Pennsylvania , to investigate a possible sighting of Stone , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Doylestown is about 25 miles from Pennsburg . A "  shelter in place " had been ordered in the surrounding area where the sighting occurred , according to the source , and K-9 units have been asked to respond to the area as well . Suspect led American Legion post The killings broke the calm in several small towns in Montgomery County , the second wealthiest county in Pennsylvania and the 51st wealthiest in the United States , according to the county government web page . Stone served as a reservist in the U.S. Marines until 2011 , mainly as a meteorologist , according to the Marines . He spent a few months in Iraq in 2008 . William Schafte of Harleysville , who described himself as a friend , said Stone was a "  good guy " who helped people who needed money or a hand , according to the Morning Call newspaper of Allentown , Pennsylvania . Stone served as president of the American Legion William E. Hare Post 206 in Lansdale about a decade ago , said the current post commander John Gillmer , the Morning Call reported . "  He was always on the honor guard and stuff like that for parades , " Gillmer told the Morning Call . "  I was shocked , I could n't believe it . ... I never would have thought it was one of our guys . " 911 hangup call started investigation Ferman said the investigation started at 4:25 a.m. with a 911 hangup call directing police to the town of Lansdale , 28 miles northwest of Philadelphia . When police arrived , they found two slain women : Stone 's former mother-in-law and former grandmother-in-law , Ferman said . At 4:55 a.m. a neighbor of Stone 's ex-wife called 911 , Ferman said . Police went to an apartment in Lower Salford and found Nicole Stone , 33 , dead . Another neighbor , Michele Brewster said she heard a loud crash and shattering glass . "  Thought I heard a gunshot , but was n't sure , " she said . "  A few minutes later I saw flashlights -- it was the cops putting up police tape so I went outside . " Brewster said she asked an officer if gunshots had been fired . He said yes . "  I asked him if she was dead , " Brewster said , "  but he said he could n't tell me that . " At 5:30 a.m. Stone delivered his two daughters to a neighbor in Pennsburg , Ferman said . "  That was the last time he was seen by anyone , " she said . "  I think it 's of great significance the children are safe right now . " About 8 a.m. , police went to the home of Nicole Stone 's sister , Patricia Flick , in Souderton . Officers found Flick , her husband and the couple 's 14-year-old daughter dead , Ferman said . The sister 's 17-year-old son was wounded and was being treated at a Philadelphia hospital , Ferman said . Suspect may be wearing fatigues Though last discovered , it appears the killings in Souderton took place first , the district attorney said . Ferman 's office said Stone may be wearing military fatigues , in either sand or green color . According to Montgomery County court documents found online , the Stones divorced in 2009 . In family court papers , Stone 's ex-wife said he claimed in a 2011 hearing that he was "  permanently disabled , " according to the Veterans Administration , but that he had not applied for Social Security disability benefits . The Marine Corps told CNN it has no record of Stone being injured . "  Earlier today we indicated that he does on occasion use a cane or a walker , but he may or may not be using those devices , " Ferman said at the press conference . "  It 's been indicated to us it may not have been necessary . ... If he has escaped he might be seen using a device or not . " CNN affiliate WPVI said police originally thought Stone was holed up inside the house in Lansdale , so officers surrounded the residence . Heavily armed SWAT teams tossed flash-bang devices into the house and stormed the residence , but police said Stone was not inside . Fast Facts : Rampage killings in the United States CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Lawrence Crook contributed to this article .	NEW : Police descend on Doylestown , Pa. , after possible sighting of suspect Killings break the calm in three small towns in Pennsylvania DA says suspect killed his ex-wife and five in-laws Suspect identified as Bradley William Stone , 35 , of Pennsburg , Pennsylvania
CNN  -- A national group opposed to same-sex marriage aimed to fight it by driving "  a wedge between gays and blacks " and identifying "  glamorous " Latino artists and athletes to advocate traditional marriage , according to newly released confidential memos . The strategies were among several pursued by the National Organization for Marriage  NOM  , which has actively campaigned against same-sex marriage efforts . The Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights organization , said it obtained the documents , part of a civil action in Maine , on Monday and published them on its website . "  This court-ordered disclosure shows NOM fighting a losing battle with strategy and tactics that are racially and ethnically divisive , filled with false political calculations , and out of touch with the majority of fair-minded Americans , " Human Rights Campaign said in a statement . Most of the memos were written in 2009 . The president of NOM did not dispute the authenticity of the memos , saying in an online statement , "  Gay marriage is not a civil right . " The memos highlight several efforts to fight same-sex marriage initiatives , which NOM contended were backed by the "  pro-gay Obama agenda . " "  The Latino vote in America is a key swing vote , and will be so even more so in the future because of demographic growth , " one NOM memo states . "  Will the process of assimilation to the dominant Anglo culture lead Hispanics to abandon traditional family values ? We can interrupt this process of assimilation by making support for marriage a key badge of Latino identity . " Plans included Spanish language radio and TV ads , pamphlets and YouTube videos . NOM also targeted what it termed "  Democratic power bosses " it claimed were inclined to put the interests of gay rights groups "  over the values of African-Americans . " "  The strategic goal of this project is to drive a wedge between gays and blacks -- two key Democratic constituencies , " another memo states . "  Find , equip , energize and connect African-American spokespeople for marriage ; develop a media campaign around their objections to gay marriage as a civil right ; provoke the gay marriage base into responding by denouncing these spokesmen and women as bigots . No politician wants to take up and push an issue that splits the base of the party . " NOM argued "  gay marriage is the tip of the spear , the weapon that will be and is being used to marginalize and repress Christianity and the Church . " The organization said Tuesday it was proud of its "  strong record " on minority partnerships . Brian Brown , president of NOM , touted the group 's work with prominent African-American and Hispanic leaders . "  Gay marriage advocates have attempted to portray same-sex marriage as a civil right , but the voices of these and many other leaders have provided powerful witness that this claim is patently false , " Brown said in a statement . "  Gay marriage is not a civil right , and we will continue to point this out in written materials such as those released in Maine . We proudly bring together people of different races , creeds and colors to fight for our most fundamental institution : marriage . " NOM has been instrumental in the campaign to stop same-sex marriage laws , including Maine . Lawmakers there in early 2009 approved a measure legalizing such marriages , but voters in the state later that year passed a referendum to overturn the new law . An effort is currently under way to put a similar measure on the ballot this coming November . A coalition on Tuesday launched Mainers United for Marriage , which wants Maine to become the first state to win marriage for same-sex couples through a ballot measure . The release of NOM documents follows the successful 2009 efforts to overturn Maine 's same-sex marriage law . The court case came about after the Maine Ethics Commission opened an investigation based on a fund-raising complaint from Fred Karger of Californians Against Hate . He alleged financial backers of Stand for Marriage Maine were concealing their identities . NOM was a major contributor to Stand for Marriage Maine , a political action committee , documents showed . NOM , which refused to disclose the names of donors , eventually filed a lawsuit . It claims the commission had limited authority to investigate . Freedom to Marry , which supports same-sex marriage , blasted NOM 's tactics , as outlined in memos that were submitted for depositions . "  NOM has spent years working to drive wedges within communities across the nation , all the while claiming it does not ` hate ' anyone , gay or non-gay , " said group President Evan Wolfson in a statement . "  Now exposure of NOM 's own strategy memos confirms that NOM will stop at nothing to push its agenda , pitting American against American , minority against minority , family members against family members . " CNN 's Justin Lear , Phil Gast and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Group has campaigned against same-sex marriage Memos sought a "  wedge " between gays and blacks over issue Organization also wanted traditional marriage to become a "  key badge " of Latino Identity Human Rights Campaign decries "  ethnically divisive " efforts
JONESTOWN , Guyana  CNN  -- Cyanide was being bought and shipped to the Rev. Jim Jones ' jungle compound in South America for at least two years before 909 Americans died there at the command of their cult leader , CNN has learned . Sources in Guyana said the Jonestown camp began obtaining shipments of cyanide -- about a quarter to a half-pound of the deadly poison each month -- as early as 1976 , well before most of Jones ' followers made the move there . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien tells the story of the last hours of Jonestown -- and the few who did survive out of desperation and daring -- as CNN Presents "  Escape from Jonestown . " Jones led his followers to their death after his gunmen killed a visiting congressman , Rep. Leo Ryan , and four others , including an NBC News correspondent and his cameraman , on November 18 , 1978 . Jones told the members of his Peoples Temple church that the Guyanese Army would invade their settlement after the murders . He demanded that parents kill their children first , then take their own lives , rather than face the authorities because of what Jones had done . Of the 909 who died , 303 were children -- from teens to toddlers . Many were killed by Jones ' loyalists , who used syringes to squirt cyanide down their throats . Jones stockpiled cyanide " CNN was told Jones obtained a jeweler 's license to buy cyanide . The chemical can be used to clean gold . But there was no jeweler 's operation in Jonestown . Six months before Ryan arrived on a one-man investigative mission , the settlement 's doctor wrote in a memo to Jones : "  Cyanide is one of the most rapidly acting poisons . ... I would like to give about two grams to a large pig to see how effective our batch is . " The purchases are "  strong evidence that the Rev. Jim Jones had been plotting the death of his followers long before that fateful day , " O'Brien reports . Ryan , the only U.S. representative assassinated in office , was shot at a nearby airstrip as he tried to leave with 15 church members who told him Jones was holding people captive in the remote jungle encampment . "  That was literally a jungle prison , " said Gerald Parks , whose wife , Patricia , was shot to death in the airport attack . How did he escape death ? " Four other members of his family survived , including two young daughters who were lost in the jungle for three days after running away from the airstrip to hide from the killers . Woman returns to scene for first time " "  It was a dictatorship , " said Vernon Gosney , who was badly wounded in the airport shootings . "  It was supposed to be socialism , but it really was fascism . " Jones was a phony faith healer who moved his Indiana church to northern California in the mid - '60s in search of a safe place to survive the possibility of nuclear warfare . In the mid - '70s , when a magazine raised questions about church beatings and financial abuses , Jones moved his flock to Guyana , in South America , to the jungle settlement he called his "  beautiful promised land . " "  It was a slave camp run by a madman , " said Leslie Wilson , a young mother then only 21 , who began walking away from Jonestown early on the day that ended in the suicides and murder . She and 10 others trudged almost 30 miles through the jungle to another town . Wilson carried her 3-year-old son on her back . "  It was a freedom walk , " she said . "  It was a walk to freedom . " Tim Carter , a Jones aide , stayed in the camp almost to the end and saw his wife and his 1-year-old son die before he was sent away on an errand . Authorities made him return two days later to help identify bodies . Carter saw Jones lying with a bullet hole in the side of his head . "  I remember thinking the son of a bitch did n't even die the way everybody else died , " Carter said .	In 1978 , 909 Americans were led to mass murder-suicide by the Rev. Jim Jones One-third of the dead at Jonestown were children ; only 33 people survived Jones led followers to their deaths after his gunmen killed congressman , others Sources : Jonestown camp received monthly shipments of cyanide in 1976
CNN  The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba . But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City , Panama , quickly turns into a "  triangle of tension . " Heads of state from 35 countries in the Western Hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 . Cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery , with some Latin American leaders threatening not to attend the Summit of the Americas if the United States and Canada did n't agree to invite President Raul Castro . The tide changed December 17 , 2014 , when President Barack Obama and Castro announced that more than five decades of Cold War rivalry was ending . Diplomats from both countries immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in Havana and Washington , and the attention immediately focused on the Summit of the Americas , where for the first time since the about-face , Obama and Castro would come face-to-face . The much anticipated handshake between Obama and Castro would steal all the headlines if it was n't for Cuba 's strongest ally , Venezuela . Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro recently accused the United States of trying to topple his government and banned former President George Bush , former Vice President Dick Cheney , and Senators Bob Menendez and Marco Rubio from entering Venezuela . "  They ca n't enter Venezuela because they 're terrorists , " Maduro said , blaming the American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Iraq , Syria and Vietnam . The U.S. State Department said the allegations of U.S. involvement in a coup plot against Maduro were "  baseless and false . " Later , Obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven Venezuelan officials for human rights violations and saying the country was a "  threat to national security . " White House officials said every executive order includes that language , but it has sparked a fiery response from Maduro , who has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the order . He also asked for repeal in full-page ads in The New York Times and in a Panama City newspaper . Maduro did n't stop there ; he has been rallying other Latin American leaders , including Bolivian President Evo Morales , Ecuador 's Rafael Correa and Nicaragua 's Daniel Ortega . But perhaps most damning for the United States -- and creating the "  triangle of tension " at the summit -- Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has sided publicly with Maduro . "  We reiterate our strong condemnation of the unacceptable and unjustifiable unilateral sanctions imposed against the sister nation of Venezuela and the continued foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in that sister nation . We ratify our firmest support to the Bolivarian Revolution and the legitimate government headed by President Nicolás Maduro , " Rodriguez said . While the world watches for the photo-op of Obama and Castro , it 's unclear if more Latin American diplomats will side with Maduro , and for America , the VII Summit of the Americas could go from "  mi casa es su casa " to a walk into the lion 's den .	U.S. , Venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow Obama , Castro meeting Venezuelan President says United States moved to oust him ; he has the support of the Cuban foreign minister
Mexico City  CNN  -- An explosion rocked the offices of Mexico 's state oil company Thursday , killing at least 25 people and injuring 101 , Mexico 's interior minister said . Dozens of people were trapped in the building after the explosion , Foro TV reported . It was unclear how many of them had been pulled to safety , or whether anyone remained stuck inside late Thursday , Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong told reporters . More than five hours after the blast , rescuers had pulled at least one survivor from the rubble , Mexico 's president said in a Twitter post . Crews were still searching Thursday night for people who could be trapped in the Pemex office complex , which includes one of the city 's tallest skyscrapers . Watch : Office explosion rocks Mexico City The explosion occurred in a basement and collapsed two floors of a building adjacent to the well-known tower , said Carlos Javier Rodriguez Jurado , one of the first paramedics to arrive at the scene . The explosion tore through the building "  from the inside out , " he said , and rescuers found many people trapped . Six hours after the explosion , Rodriguez said people were likely still stuck in the rubble . It was unclear what caused the blast , and Mexico 's attorney general 's office is investigating , Pemex said in a statement . A large plume of smoke rose near the building after the explosion around 4 p.m. Thursday , and emergency crews swarmed the scene . "  People were screaming . ... You could see pieces of the wall falling to the ground , " said Joaquin Borrell Valenzuela , an attorney for the Pemex comptroller 's office , who was in a courtyard outside the building at the time of the blast . Paramedics quickly arrived and started pulling bodies from the rubble . Are you there ? Send us your photos , videos . "  Entering the building , we smelled a strong odor of gas , " said Christopher Rangel , a paramedic and firefighter . Outside the building , frantic family members searched for loved ones , and shaken witnesses described the explosion . Mario Guzman said he was on the 10th floor of the tower when he felt "  a very strong blow . " "  We felt like the whole building was going to collapse , " he told CNNMexico . Images from the scene showed emergency rescue teams carrying people on stretchers . Authorities said helicopters carried some of the wounded to hospitals . At least 14 people were hospitalized with injuries , and two of them were in serious condition , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto surveyed the damage Thursday night , along with Osorio Chong and Mexico City 's mayor . Pena Nieto cautioned against speculating over what caused the blast , and said authorities would be closely investigating . Thousands of people work at the Pemex headquarters , which includes a 54-story building that is nearly 700 feet tall . The explosion occurred in an annex building just to the east of the tower , Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade said . Officials evacuated the complex and operations will cease there until further notice , the company said . The state oil company 's director , who was on a business trip in South Korea this week , said in a Twitter post that he would return to Mexico immediately . "  We will get to the bottom of the causes in close coordination with the authorities , " Pemex Director General Emilio Lozoya Austin said . "  At this time , attending to the injured is the priority . " Federal troops and rescue dogs were aiding in search efforts late Thursday night . As they combed through the rubble , a Pemex executive 's cell phone rang , Rangel said . A man on the other end of the line said he was still trapped , and started to describe his location to rescuers . "  Unfortunately , we lost communication with him , " Rangel said . When they called back , his phone did n't ring . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Krupskaia Alis reported from Mexico City . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Rafael Romo , Edwin Mesa , Christine Theodorou , Rey Rodriguez , Rene Hernandez and CNNMexico 's Arturo Ascencion and Javier Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : 25 people were killed and more than 100 are injured , interior minister says The explosion collapsed two floors of an office building , paramedics say Rescuers have pulled a survivor from the rubble , Mexico 's president says Crews are searching for people trapped in the building
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The power of women hit the State Department on Wednesday when first lady Michelle Obama joined Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to celebrate champions of women 's rights around the world . Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton present the State Department Women of Courage Awards . The event was to celebrate the State Department Women of Courage Awards , but highlighted how both the current and former first ladies have made women 's rights a signature issue . Since calling women 's rights a human rights issue at a women 's conference in Beijing in 1995 , Clinton has made it a personal mission to champion the rights of women . Her first two trips as secretary of state have been packed with events promoting the importance of women 's rights . "  These personal experiences have informed my work , and I will continue to fight for human rights as secretary of state in traditional and especially nontraditional ways and venues , " Clinton told the audience . You "  ca n't solve problems of financial crisis , climate change , disease and poverty if half of the population is left behind , " Clinton said . The rights of women will "  always be central to our foreign policy . " In a commentary published Monday in honor of International Women 's Day , Clinton warned that "  women still comprise the majority of the world 's poor , unfed and unschooled . " "  Global problems are too big and too complex to be solved without the full participation of women , " she wrote in the article , which ran in more than 50 newspapers around the world . "  Strengthening women 's rights is not only a continuing moral obligation -- it is also a necessity as we face a global economic crisis , the spread of terrorism and nuclear weapons , regional conflicts that threaten families and communities , and climate change and the dangers it presents to the world 's health and security . " Ambiga Sreenevasan , a Malaysian lawyer who won an award Wednesday for her work on behalf of justice for women , called Clinton "  a woman of courage who has encouraged woman around the world . " Clinton 's speech declaring that women 's rights are human rights , Sreenevasan said , has "  resonated with a lot of us here . " Clinton also heaped praise on the current first lady , saying that in a very short time , Michelle Obama "  through her grace and her wisdom -LSB- has -RSB- become an inspiration to women and girls , not only in the United States , but around the world . " Obama spoke about the importance of proper health care , education and justice for women in ensuring strong families and communities . "  The difference between a broken community and a thriving one is the presence of women who are valued , where relationships among women and between women and men are based upon mutual respect , " Obama said . Obama said the work done by the honorees has not just changed their own circumstances , but by inspiring hope and motivating others to act , that work also has changed women 's lives around the world . "  This is how real change occurs , one determined woman at a time . And change is coming , " she said . "  The women we honor today teach us three very important lessons . One , that as women , we must stand up for ourselves . The second , as women we must stand up for each other . And finally , as women we must stand up for justice for all . " On Wednesday , President Obama created a White House Council on Women and Girls , charged with devising a coordinated federal response to various challenges faced by American women . The council , which will be led by senior presidential adviser Valerie Jarrett and which will include most members of the president 's Cabinet , will be charged with ensuring that all governmental agencies take the needs of women into account . The president said the council will also help ensure a more coordinated federal response on a range of issues , including equal pay , family leave and child care . He also nominated Melanne Verveer , Clinton 's chief of staff when she was first lady , as ambassador-at-large for global women 's issues . In addition to Sreenevasan , the Women of Courage honorees make up an impressive list of advocates on behalf of women under difficult and often dangerous circumstances . Hadizatou Mani escaped caste-based slavery in Niger to help fight for rights of other people still enslaved in the country . Veronika Marchenko was honored for her activism on behalf of slain soldiers ' families in Russia . Suaad Allami won an award for running a nongovernmental organization on behalf of women in Sadr City , Iraq , that is considered a "  one-stop shop " for legal , educational and domestic violence counseling for women . Mutabar Tadjibayeva is one of the most vocal activists in Uzbekistan fighting on behalf of women 's rights , despite being arrested and beaten by police . In Guatemala , where an average of two women each day die a violent death , Norma Cruz provides support to families of women who are murdered . One honoree , 12-year-old Reem al-Numery of Yemen , was unable to attend because she is in court fighting her forced marriage to a 30-year-old cousin who allegedly raped and beat her . Her battle in the courts to divorce her husband has sparked an avalanche of activism on behalf of Yemeni preteens sold into wedlock .	First lady , secretary of state honor champions of women 's rights Event celebrates State Department Women of Courage Awards Clinton : Rights of women will "  always be central to our foreign policy " Obama : "  As women we must stand up for justice for all "
Washington  CNN  -- Some conservatives unhappy with House Speaker John Boehner 's leadership are looking for a replacement , and recent moves by Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling are fueling speculation he wants Boehner 's job in the next Congress . Hensarling , who was part of Boehner 's leadership team two years ago but left to chair the House Financial Services Committee , gave an expansive speech last week hosted by Heritage Action for America , a group that frequently and publicly clashes with Boehner . Asked afterward if he was interested in running for speaker , Hensarling initially said he was "  flattered , " and said , "  It 's not something I 've aspired to . It 's not something I 'm thinking about . " But then he left the door open , saying , "  No , I have n't been Shermanesque , again I 'm not sure there 's any opportunity I want to foreclose . " While Heritage Action 's Chief Executive Officer Michael Needham told CNN that his group does n't get involved in leadership races , the conservative group gave Hensarling a high-profile platform to outline his own conservative philosophy for governing . Needham said there is a "  real need to take on sacred cows in Washington at time when the party too often looks after K Street , " a reference to the downtown D.C. address for corporate lobbyists . He said , "  Jeb Hensarling is a great spokesman and fighter for conservative values . " Boehner has said he 's staying put Boehner , in his 12th term in Congress and in his second as speaker , continues to insist he 's not going anywhere and expects to remain in charge next year . But he raised questions earlier this month when he would n't commit to serving out another full term as speaker . At the beginning of the current Congress in January 2013 , a dozen House GOP members voted for someone other than Boehner , or voted "  present , " an expression of no confidence . Many in that small group are convinced Boehner wo n't run for his post after this year 's midterms or that he wo n't have the votes to keep that title . If Boehner decides to step down from the position , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor is popular among conservatives , and most expect him to move up and take the speaker 's gavel . In that scenario conservatives could wage an effort to fill in top House GOP posts . Boehner on the establishment and the tea party Multiple House Republicans -- some who voted for Boehner in 2013 and some who did n't -- praised Hensarling as a solid conservative , but also told CNN there 's a short list of others who are viable candidates . Many House Republicans interviewed by CNN declined to talk openly about potential leadership challenges , but admitted there are informal discussions about options . The names repeatedly raised include Ohio Republican Jim Jordan , who like Hensarling is a former chairman of the fiscally conservative Republican Study Committee ; Louisiana Republican Rep. Steve Scalise , who currently heads that group ; and Georgia Rep. Tom Price , another former study group leader who also served in Boehner 's leadership team in the last Congress . "  The one consensus point is that we 'd like to see more conservatives in future leadership posts , " Louisiana Republican John Fleming told CNN . But he cautioned for now there 's no single alternative emerging to Boehner -- or anyone who might want to challenge the speaker 's current top lieutenants -- Cantor and GOP Whip Kevin McCarthy . He said he expected more serious discussions to ramp up by the end of the summer . Hensarling 's recent speech at Heritage may be a way to ensure his name gets in the mix . The Texas Republican used the speech to position himself firmly on the right . He called out his own party for breaking with its free market roots , arguing that the party should be shifting away from policies designed to help big business and the well-connected and instead champion policies to help the "  Main Street competitive economy . " The thrust of Hensarling 's speech lines up with the message many on the right flank of the House GOP conference have been pushing . Idaho Republican Raul Labrador has publicly criticized House GOP leaders for pushing a legislative agenda that positions the GOP as the "  party of big business " and does n't resonate with small businesses and entrepreneurs . Challenging the party Hensarling argued those on Main Street are "  not looking for a subsidy , earmark , tax preference or legislated advantage . " On a series of issues -- tax reform , farm policy , reform of mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae -- Hensarling challenged his party to hold votes on legislation that would restructure current federal systems . The bulk of Hensarling 's ire was directed at the Export Import Bank , the 80-year-old credit agency that gives out loans to companies to promote U.S. exports . The bank 's lending authority is due to expire at the end of the year . Hensarling defended 2013 GOP shutdown strategy Hensarling held it up as the poster child of corporate welfare , citing that the vast majority of its taxpayer backed loans go to companies like aircraft manufacturing giant Boeing . He said getting rid of the bank "  is a defining issue for our party and our movement . " If Hensarling or anyone else is serious about mounting a challenge , the Republicans that CNN interviewed all agree that if they are serious they need to move soon . "  It seems to me that the odds of there being some type of change within the leadership team seem to be more likely than less , and so as long as there are members talking about it it 's better to do so early than late , " Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King told CNN . North Carolina Republican Rep. Walter Jones , who opposed Boehner in the last election , told CNN that he hears from Republicans in his district that it 's time for a leadership change in Washington . "  There is a great deal of frustration , " Jones said . He was n't sure if Hensarling or someone else was the right fit , but said a successful campaign required several months or preparation . A few months ago unhappiness about Boehner 's handling of government spending fights and concern he would negotiate with Democrats on a major immigration bill roiled the conference . But because members are n't coalescing around a single alternative , the vacuum gives Boehner some job security for now . Fleming said tension is down between conservatives and Boehner because the speaker agreed to form a select committee on the deadly Benghazi terror attack and hold a House vote that held former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt for the controversy around her agency 's targeting of conservative groups . He said "  there are less things that divide us -- but the one question would be immigration . "	Boehner has been speaker since 2011 and has said he 's not going anywhere Hensarling says he 's flattered by the attention , but is not thinking about being speaker But he 's leaving the door open as some conservatives have been unhappy with Boehner 's leadership
CNN  -- South African golf was handed another boost on Tuesday when the country was awarded the right to host one of the lucrative World Golf Championships events for the next five years . The news comes after Charl Schwartzel joined 2010 British Open winner Louis Oosthuizen as a reigning major champion with his dramatic victory at the Masters on Sunday . "  This is , without doubt , the most significant milestone in the history of professional golf in South Africa , " Sunshine Tour commissioner Gareth Tindall said on his return from Augusta following meetings with the U.S. PGA Tour and the International Federation of PGA Tours . "  It is something that we have been working on for a long time , and the unanimous support that we have received from the other professional tours around the world confirms the major standing of our players and the Sunshine Tour in world golf . "  What is even more significant is that we have the commitment that we will host this World Golf Championships event for a period of five years . That has enormously positive implications for the game and for our country as a whole . " Can McIlroy conquer the mental minefield ? It will be known as the "  Tournament of Hope " and will try to build awareness of poverty and HIV/AIDS in Africa . The three of the four WGC events held in the U.S. have prize money higher than the season 's four major tournaments , while the HSBC Champions in China is comparable . The date and venue for South Africa 's first staging next year have yet to be announced , but it will feature the top 70 players in the world . Meanwhile , this year 's South African Open has been moved back a week to ensure the tournament will not clash with the President 's Cup in Australia due to be held from November 17-20 , with several players from the country expected to feature in the International team to take on the United States . The Alfred Dunhill Championship will be played during the week of the Melbourne event .	Sunshine Tour lands deal to stage WGC event for five years from 2012 It will be known as "  Tournament of Hope " and build awareness of poverty and HIV/AIDS Tournament will feature top 70 players in world , but dates and venue yet to be set Agreement comes after talks in Augusta , where Charl Schwartzel won the Masters
Police around the United States are recording the license plates of passing drivers and storing the information for years with little privacy protection , the American Civil Liberties Union said Wednesday . The information potentially allows authorities to track the movements of everyone who drives a car . The ACLU documented the police surveillance after reviewing 26,000 pages of material gathered through public records requests to almost 600 local and state police departments in 38 states and the District of Columbia . Opinion : Supreme Court must protect our privacy from the government Police are gathering the vehicle information with surveillance technology called automatic license plate readers , and it 's being stored -- sometimes indefinitely -- with few or no privacy protections , the ACLU said . "  The documents paint a startling picture of a technology deployed with too few rules that is becoming a tool for mass routine location tracking and surveillance , " the ACLU said in a written statement . The license plate readers alert police to an automobile associated with an investigation , "  but such instances account for a tiny fraction of license plate scans , and too many police departments are storing millions of records about innocent drivers , " the ACLU said . After the crash : License , registration , cellphone , please "  Private companies are also using license plate readers and sharing the information they collect with police with little or no oversight or privacy protections . A lack of regulation means that policies governing how long our location data is kept vary widely , " the ACLU said . The civil liberties group is advocating legislation regulating the use of the technology . The readers have been proliferating at "  worrying speed " and are typically mounted on bridges , overpasses and patrol cars , the ACLU said . The devices use high-speed cameras , and the software analyzes the photographs to retrieve the plate number , the group said . Lawsuit by 19 groups seeks to halt NSA snooping The system then runs the data against "  hot lists " of plate numbers and produces an instant alert when a match , or "  hit , " registers , the group said . The hot lists include the National Crime Information Center ﬁle , which includes stolen cars and vehicles used in the commission of a crime . "  License plate readers would pose few civil liberties risks if they only checked plates against hot lists and these hot lists were implemented soundly . But these systems are conﬁgured to store the photograph , the license plate number , and the date , time , and location where all vehicles are seen -- not just the data of vehicles that generate hits , " the ACLU report said . The growing collection of data allows police to create "  a single , high-resolution image of our lives , " and the constant monitoring "  can chill the exercise of our cherished rights to free speech and association , " the group said . "  If not properly secured , license plate reader databases open the door to abusive tracking , enabling anyone with access to pry into the lives of his boss , his ex-wife , or his romantic , political , or workplace rivals , " the ACLU said . Law enforcement argues the tools keep officers and the public safe . In a blog post last week , the Los Angeles Police Protective League said that license plate recognition  LPR  technology has helped with "  literally thousands of cases nationwide . " "  LPR is not an invasion of privacy , but rather a tool for law enforcement to better accomplish its mission to protect and serve . The onus is on law enforcement agencies and governing bodies to ensure that they have proper policies in place for disciplined and responsible use , with appropriate punishments for anyone operating outside of policy , " the union said . The ACLU report cited how the Minneapolis Star Tribune in 2012 tracked the movement of the Mayor R.T. Rybak 's car 41 times at a license police reader in the prior year . The newspaper put the information on a map and gathered the data through public records requests . The newspaper found that the police department 's plate readers yielded hits of fewer than 1 % of the 805,000 plate scans made in June 2012 , according to the ACLU . A hit means that a read matched a listing in a database of vehicles law enforcement was interested in , for whatever reason . They might be reported stolen , for instance , or belonging to missing persons . As a result , the mayor directed the police chief to recommend a new policy on data retention , the group said .	Union says technology helps to keep officers and the public safe Police around country track every vehicle passing a license plate reader The readers are surveillance technology using high speed cameras There 's little , if any , privacy protection for innocent motorists , the ACLU says
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- What a difference a few city blocks can make . Crowds of thousands upon thousands of Egyptians demonstrated peacefully Friday , filling most of Cairo 's sprawling and once besieged Tahrir Square . They played music on loud speakers , danced and chanted "  down with the dictator " in a rally dubbed "  Day of Departure . " But down the side streets leading east from Tahrir Square , just a few hundred meters away , fierce clashes raged between gangs of pro- and anti-regime youths . After hours of skirmishes , the rebels had advanced east , erecting barricades and checkpoints around the imposing 19th century stone buildings that line the roundabout in Talaat Harb Square . By 7 p.m. , the opposition activists had also seized streets running several blocks deeper into the city from Talaat Harb . Several ambulances stood parked in Talaat Harb , their blue lights flashing as medics treated wounded men inside . A 20-minute walk down the streets of newly captured opposition territory showed streets littered with rocks and paving stones , which have been the primary weapons used during three days of urban fighting . Young men raced back from the clash points , carrying wounded comrades who howled in pain . They carried one young man dressed in a preppy button-down shirt and sweater into a makeshift first aid station in a storefront at one of the entrances to Tahrir Square . "  A group of 50 of them surrounded me and beat me , " the man yelled . He bit down furiously on a notebook and sweated profusely as medics took off his shoe , revealing what appeared to be a badly broken foot . Moments later , bystanders applauded when the man waved a victory sign as he was carried away . An Egyptian army soldier stood in the corner of the room , keeping a close eye on a bruised and bloodied shoeless man who sat in a corner . He was a prisoner who appeared to have been severely beaten after being captured by demonstrators . When the soldier motioned for the man to follow him out of the first aid station , the captive cried and begged not to be led out into Tahrir Square . Throughout the day , several captives have been similarly escorted by Egyptian troops deployed in Tahrir Square to a military-controlled alley behind Cairo 's Egyptian Museum . The soldiers protected these prisoners from angry protesters , who cursed and tried to beat them as they were led through the square . At one point , activists sounded the alarm , calling for 10 volunteers to rush to the front lines past Talaat Harb Square . Young men began beating metal poles against metal barricades and whistling as teenagers wearing helmets made from cardboard boxes and carrying stones raced toward the latest street battle .	Battles break out offstage on Egypt 's "  Day of Departure " Opponents and supporters of the president clash on side streets Soldiers protect captured prisoners from angry protesters
CNN  -- At first glance , the death of Trayvon Martin seemed to be a straightforward example of ugly , racial conflict resulting in the killing of an innocent black teenager by a white man , George Zimmerman . But now , as evidence continues to come forward , the facts seem much more complicated and the "  obvious truth " premature . At first , it was thought that Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain , was the aggressor because he followed Martin , got into a physical scuffle with him and shot him . But then , some witnesses claim that Martin attacked Zimmerman first , and the initial police report said that Zimmerman had blood on his nose and the back of his head after the incident . However , surveillance video footage that surfaced from the police station is leading to questions about the extent of Zimmerman 's injuries . To make matters more complex , we found out that in the past several months , Martin was suspended from school three times , once for the possession of drug paraphernalia . The Miami Herald reported that in the gated community in which Zimmerman patrolled , there were eight burglaries , nine thefts and one shooting in the past year . Neighbors of Zimmerman described him as being passionate about security and credit him with thwarting and cracking some crimes . It was also revealed that Zimmerman identified himself as a Hispanic and was a registered Democrat . The facts are confounding and inconclusive . But the tendency in the first days by some , including Al Sharpton , Jesse Jackson and an angry chorus of followers , was to rush to judgment with little regard for fairness , due process , or respect for the terrible death of a young man . A mob mentality seems to be in the ascendancy . The New Black Panther Party offered a bounty for Zimmerman 's capture . Jackson said that Martin 's death shows how "  blacks are under attack " and "  targeting , arresting , convicting blacks and ultimately killing us is big business . " Apart from the obvious incendiary nature of such comments , what in heaven 's name could Jackson mean ? Spike Lee fueled the flames by tweeting Zimmerman 's home address , which turned out to be the wrong address and resulted in an older couple fleeing from their home and fearing for their lives after threats and crowds outside their residence . Lee , realizing his folly , has since apologized to the couple . These actions and words illustrate a problem in dealing with Martin 's death : Many people are not on an impartial hunt for justice but are exploiting this crisis for personal or political gain and claiming that it is representative of larger societal problems . MSNBC political analyst and Democratic fundraiser Karen Finney blamed Martin 's death on Republicans . She said , " -LSB- Republican politicians -RSB- reinforce and validate old stereotypes that associate the poor and welfare as criminal behavior with African-Americans and people of color , calling us lazy , undeserving recipients of public assistance . In the case of Trayvon , those festering stereotypes had lethal consequences . " Martin 's own mother , Sybrina Fulton , filed applications for trademarks on two of the popular phrases used at rallies for Martin , "  I Am Trayvon " and "  Justice for Trayvon . " Democrats politicized the event with a hearing on Capitol Hill in which Martin 's parents testified . Later , U.S. Rep. Bobby Rush , D-Illinois , wore a hoodie on the House floor . It 's clear that some of the people raising the most noise are trying to make this less about the horrible death of a young man and more about claims of racial resentment that may or may not exist . The loudest voices should be particularly careful not to rush to conclusions . Remember the Duke lacrosse case , in which members of the team were accused of a gang rape . The public rushed to judgment long before the young men were eventually acquitted . Zimmerman may or may not be guilty ; there may or may not be racial motivations . We do not know yet . In the absence of complete evidence , inflammatory comments and belligerent reactions will not aid the search for justice . An angry crowd should not be in charge . Lastly , why is there so much selective outrage on the part of so many ? The leading cause of death for black male teenagers is homicide , according to the National Center for Health Statistics . Of all the black homicide victims , about 93 % are killed by other black people . In 2011 , nearly 85 % of all people murdered in Philadelphia were black . Where are the marches and protests for these victims ? Is it justice people seek or are they looking and even hoping for signs of white racism so they can exploit it ? In his Letter from a Birmingham Jail , Martin Luther King Jr. wrote , "  Any law that uplifts human personality is just . Any law that degrades human personality is unjust . " While we wait and respect due process of law , we should do our part to uplift human personality . We can do so by giving both Martin and Zimmerman a just weighing of the evidence , both in the court of law and public opinion . Let us not assume the worst of anybody but be guided by the facts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : The death of Trayvon Martin is much more complex than first thought Bennett : Some are not looking for justice , but are exploiting this terrible death He says we do n't know if Zimmerman is guilty or if racism was a motivating factor Bennett : We should not rush to conclusions , and should be guided by the facts
CNN  -- Czech tennis fans are enjoying an uplift in fortunes not seen since before the Velvet Revolution more than 30 years ago . The Czech Republic 's women 's team lifted the Fed Cup title for the second year in a row on Sunday -- echoing the achievements of the all-conquering Czechoslovakia team led by Martina Navratilova in the 1980s . Lucie Safarova clinched the winning point against Serbia to spark joyous scenes in Prague , beating former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic 6-1 6-1 to establish an unassailable 3-1 lead in the final . "  Here at home in this type of crowd , it 's indescribable , it 's an amazing feeling , " said Safarova , ranked 17th in the world . "  There are so many emotions and happiness -- and that is the feeling we are practicing for every day , even if you 're not in the mood to work . " Fed Cup fever hits Prague The Czechs had led 2-0 after Saturday 's opening rubbers , but the Serbs stayed in the match when Ana Ivanovic -- another former No. 1 -- defeated last year 's Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova 6-3 7-5 . "  I did n't have a lot of energy and it was obvious on the court , " said Kvitova , who won her opening match against Jankovic despite an illness which ended her title defense at last month 's WTA Championships in Istanbul . "  I tried to play only for a few shots , I could n't play for longer , and that 's why I started to have mistakes . " The Czechs became the third successive nation to defend the title following Italy  2009-10  and Russia  2007-08  . Counting the five won by the old Czechoslovakia up until 1988 , it matched the seven held by Australia -- second overall , but 10 shy of the United States . Last year 's victory was the first since the split with Slovakia in 1993 . Meanwhile , David Ferrer lifted his first ATP Masters title after ending the giant-killing run of Jerzy Janowicz in Sunday 's Paris final . The fifth-ranked Spaniard won 6-4 6-3 to become the first player outside the world 's top four to win a Masters 1000 tournament since Robin Soderling in the same event two years ago . Poland 's 69th-ranked Janowicz had earlier upset world No. 3 Andy Murray and No. 9 Janko Tipsarevic on his way to his first Masters final . It was Ferrer 's seventh title this season -- the most by any men 's player -- and sets him up for the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals starting in London on Monday . He will be in action in Tuesday 's evening session against Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro , after defending champion Roger Federer plays Tipsarevic in the opening Group B tie . Olympic and U.S. Open champion Murray will launch the tournament on Monday against sixth-ranked Czech Tomas Berdych . Novak Djokovic , whose return to world No. 1 will be confirmed on Monday , will then face France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in another Group A clash .	Czech Republic women 's team wins Fed Cup final for second successive year Lucie Safarova clinches an unassailable 3-1 lead with win over Ana Ivanovic The former Czechoslovakia won the title five times up until 1988 David Ferrer wins his first ATP Masters title with Sunday 's victory in Paris final
Imagine if going through airport security was just a matter of walking past a stretch of wall . No pat-downs , no X-rays , no metal detectors , and no need to remove any clothing . The harsh reality of today 's air travel is at strong odds with such a fantasy , but a new type of body scanner bears the promise to make every frequent traveler 's dream come true . It 's called "  Alfa3 " and it 's based on the established technology of "  millimeter wave imaging " , which is used in hundreds of scanners currently deployed in airports the world over . But unlike those , Alfa3 does not require you to enter a chamber , raise your arms and stand still while the machine analyzes your body : it is able , instead , to do its job as you simply walk by . "  It 's a type of thermal imaging " , explains Dr. Naomi Alexander , the Madrid-based physicist who invented the Alfa3 , "  so we see the difference in temperature between the body and objects that are n't part of the body . " Current systems return a detailed image of the person being scanned -- passengers can in fact opt out and receive a pat-down instead -- but Alfa3 uses a passive technology that can detect objects underneath clothing without revealing any anatomical details . And compared to standard metal detectors , it has the ability to spot non-metallic objects as well , such as liquids and gels . One of the problems with current scanners using the same technology is the high rate of false positives , sometimes greater than 50 percent . The Alfa3 uses a significantly higher resolution that promises excellent accuracy and automatic detection of threats , according to its inventor . Further advantages include the possibility to deploy the system outdoors and in a covert manner , which would make it an interesting option for military installations : Dr. Alexander has traveled to Kandahar , Afghanistan , to test one of the four prototypes in existence at a NATO military base . But the main appeal of the scanner is surely its high throughput , over 400 people per hour . This could mean the end of security lines at the airport . The problem is to now make potential customers aware of the new technology : "  It 's not like selling sunglasses , " says Dr. Alexander , "  somebody already knows they want sunglasses , so they go and buy them , whereas with this system you have to explain the advantages with respect to what else is available on the market . " "  It takes some time to sort of educate , I guess , the customer in that respect . So , it 's a process that needs to be gone through . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Smart a la carte : 11 hi-tech gadgets for your food Turn your kitchen into an orchestra with this magical device Superbooks : High-tech reading puts you inside the story	The Alfa3 scanner is able to detect suspicious objects on walking people There is no need to stop or even collaborate to be scanned It can detect drugs , liquids , and other non-metallic objects Privacy is respected as no anatomical details are shown
Phnom Penh , Cambodia  CNN  -- Health officials continued on Monday to investigate the causes behind the mysterious deaths of 64 children in Cambodia after saying they had made an important discovery over the weekend . The Institut Pasteur in Cambodia tested samples taken from 24 patients and found 15 had tested positive for Enterovirus Type 71 -- a common cause of hand , foot and mouth disease that can also cause severe neurological complications , mainly in children . "  These results now give a good explanation to this outbreak , " Dr. Philippe Buchy , head of the institute 's virology unit , said in an e-mail over the weekend . "  We will get more results hopefully by next Tuesday or Wednesday . " The World Health Organization also noted that a "  significant proportion of the samples " had tested positive for EV71 , but it cautioned that the outbreak had not been fully solved , and more analysis was needed . Outbreaks of the enterovirus "  occur periodically in the Asia-Pacific region , " according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Brunei had its first major outbreak in 2006 . China had an outbreak in 2008 . Though the detection of EV71 in Cambodia is significant , there may be other factors , said Dr. Beat Richner of Kantha Bopha hospitals . Over the past three months , 66 children -- between 2 and 3 years old -- were admitted to Kantha Bopha facilities . All but two died mysteriously after suffering severe neurological and respiratory complications , Richner said . In their last hours of their life , the children experienced a "  total destruction of the alveola  e  in the lungs , " Richner said . The patients also suffered from encephalitis , which is inflammation of the brain , he said . "  We have now to see what really is causing the deadly pulmonary complication and see if a toxic factor is playing a role too , " he said . Investigators probe mystery disease killing Cambodian children The positive test for EV71 does not particularly help in the treatment of the illness , as there is no effective antiviral treatment for severe EV71 infections , and no vaccine is available . The way the syndrome is attacking the children is "  merciless , " Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , said from Cambodia . Gupta noted , though , that the disease did not appear to be "  clustering , " or spreading rapidly in particular geographic areas , reducing fears of a possible epidemic . In milder cases , EV71 can cause coldlike symptoms , diarrhea and sores on the hands , feet and mouth , according to the journal Genetic Vaccines and Therapy . But more severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio-like paralysis and death . Adults ' well-developed immune systems usually can fend off the virus , but children are vulnerable to it , according to the CDC . On Sunday , a World Health Organization  WHO  representative in Cambodia warned the new discovery "  does not mean we have solved the problem of the undiagnosed cases . A lot more analysis is needed , and further laboratory investigations need to be done . " The WHO said that other pathogens had been detected in the investigations , including dengue and Streptococcus suis . It added that samples tested negative for H5N1 and other influenza viruses . Tensions have arisen between the WHO and Kantha Bopha hospitals about the dissemination of information about the outbreak . The international organization has provided a lower death toll than the hospitals , saying Sunday that 52 out of a total number of 59 children affected by the mysterious syndrome had died between April and early July . In his statement Sunday , the hospital official Richner criticized the WHO for previously making statements to the news media "  without being clear on the facts . " "  WHO was telling whole the world : New mystery killer disease in Cambodia ! This was causing unnecessary panic in Cambodia , " Richter said . Richner has said the number of cases affected by the mysterious disease is relatively low -- 34 cases in June , compared with the 75,000 sick children at Kantha Bopha 's outpatient clinics and 16,000 hospitalized kids . But Pieter van Maaren with the WHO in Cambodia rejected suggestions that his organization caused any kind of panic . He said Richner was the one who stated , in a letter to the government , that the situation in Cambodia was "  most severe . " "  WHO has not made any statement about the disease , other than what we issued in the joint press release with the Ministry of Health , " van Maaren said . The ministry reported the outbreak to WHO through the International Health Regulations , which 194 nations are parties to , van Maaren said . "  Since this event fitted the criteria of being an event where the underlying agent , disease or mode of transmission is not identified at the time , WHO is obliged to communicate information to other member states , " he said . EV71 was first isolated in California in 1969 , according to the CDC . Mystery illnesses : A mother 's painful quest for answers CNN 's Tim Schwarz , Sara Sidner , Madison Park , Jethro Mullen and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Dr. Sanjay Gupta says the syndrome is "  merciless " in the way it attacks Fifteen of the 24 patients screened have tested positive for Enterovirus Type 71 But officials say further analysis is necessary to fully solve the outbreak At least 64 children have died mysteriously over the past three months
CNN  -- When growing up , Monisha Kaltenborn wanted to go into space , but as the first female CEO of a Formula 1 team she 's arguably reached greater heights . Breaking into the male dominated sport was n't the 40-year old 's first ambition then , but the trained lawyer has embraced her trail-blazing position . "  It feels good and I 'm a bit proud about that , " said Kaltenborn . "  But again it 's not my doing , it just so happened that I 've done a lot to be in the position . " As a young girl Kaltenborn moved from her native India to Austria with her parents . Taking Austrian citizenship and studying law , Kaltenborn first became involved with motor racing in 1998 when she joined the Fritz Kaiser Group , a shareholder of the Red Bull Sauber F1 Team . She went from looking after the team 's legal and corporate affairs , to taking a place on the Sauber Group 's management board in 2001 . In 2010 , she took over the business operations of the whole team . "  Certainly it 's not easy , " she said of working in a hugely competitive industry and being the sport 's most high-profile and influential woman . Kaltenborn has been adjusting to her role during perhaps the team 's most difficult period . After four years BMW pulled out of Formula 1 in 2009 , leaving a large amount of uncertainty surrounding the development of Sauber 's racing cars and among personnel . "  The biggest risk you have here is ... people do n't see the future in the team and then they want to leave and if you start losing your key people at that time , the whole process comes to a standstill . It 's only later that you 'll realize that insecurity amongst your personnel has a strong influence on the development of the car , " she said . "  We had to make sure that we could keep the company going , secure funding . " With two young drivers , Kamui Kobayashi and rookie Sergio Perez , Sauber have had a number of points-scoring results this season and currently lie seventh in F1 's constructors ' world championship table . In helping to steer the team to safety , as a team and business , Kaltenborn has also been involved in moving forwards the attitude to women in the sport . "  I think people , not the teams but others especially media , they do n't ask a woman a question relating to performance , " she said . "  The questions I get are normally very strategic questions about the company , the team , where F1 is going but never how the race was and what I feel about the drivers . But that 's changing now . It 's interesting to see how people take a while to get used to these kinds of questions to women . " When she set another first last year -- the first woman to attend an FIA press conference -- many men from other teams told her they were embarrassed that it had taken so long . Realizing the gender gap needed to be closed the sport 's governing body , FIA , set up the Women and Motorsports Commission last year , in which Kaltenborn is taking a leading role . "  We are realizing that to a certain age there a lot of young girls driving in car series and then suddenly , when it gets into the next category , it drops off . A lot of that is to do with the whole social set up they have , " she said . Bernie Eccelestone , the head of Formula 1 , has said a woman could be his successor , but Kaltenborn intends to be with Sauber for a long time to come , improving the team 's performance . It 's also possible a woman could be behind the wheel of an F1 car in the not-too-distant future . Maybe even with Sauber . "  From the physical side of it , I do n't see why a woman can not be in Formula 1 , " she said .	Austrian-Indian CEO of Sauber is F1 's first female boss Trained as a lawyer before moving through ranks of Sauber Has overseen one of Sauber 's most challenging periods Proud of her role as first woman boss of F1 team
CNN  -- It seems there 's no such thing as time off for Jay Z and Beyonce . On Tuesday , Dash Radio 's DJ Skee reported that the "  Drunk in Love " duo have plans to collaborate on a joint album , according to sources close to the couple . DJ Skee believes the album could arrive in late 2014 or early 2015 . When asked about the report , a Jay Z spokesperson told CNN , "  Please ask DJ Skee . " Such reticence about rumors has been standard procedure for the power couple , whose "  On the Run " tour opened in June under speculation of a pending divorce but ended last weekend in Paris with gossip of another pregnancy . The couple -- who wed in 2008 and are also parents to 2-year-old Blue Ivy Carter -- earned $ 100 million in ticket sales from their stadium trek , Billboard reported . In 2013 , Forbes named Jay Z and Beyonce the highest-paid couple in entertainment . Speaking to E! , which first reported the news , Dash Radio 's vice president of pop programming , Karli Henriquez , called the reported collaboration "  huge . " If the album comes to pass , that could turn out to be an understatement .	Beyonce and Jay Z might be working on a joint album The report surfaced from Dash Radio 's DJ Skee A rep for Jay Z referred back to the DJ 's report
Washington  CNN  -- Materials taken from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan confirm that the al Qaeda leader communicated with the Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , according to a U.S. official familiar with the ongoing U.S. analysis of the documents . It is not clear whether that group ever received the communications or if it acted upon them , said the official , who could not be named due to the sensitivity of the intelligence information . The United States is still trying to determine if the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , American-born Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , was in direct communication with bin Laden . Washington considers the Yemen-based group a very active wing of al Qaeda . Several attempted bombing plots targeting the United States -- including the unsuccessful Times Square bombing of 2010 and the attempt to blow up courier planes with explosives hidden in printer cartridges -- were hatched in Yemen . The search through bin Laden 's materials , which were recovered after the al Qaeda leader was killed in a May 2 raid on his compound by U.S. Navy SEALs , has also found direct evidence that while in hiding in Pakistan , bin Laden was involved in planning attacks . The materials confirmed that bin Laden was encouraging direct plots to attack Americans and U.S. interests in Europe late last year , according to the U.S. official . The source emphasized there were several threats at the time that led the United States to issue an October 2010 alert for Americans traveling in Europe . Bin Laden was "  aware , supportive and trying to motivate his operatives in Europe . He was pushing them , " the source said . What 's next after bin Laden 's death ? The U.S. intelligence community had classified information at the time suggesting that bin Laden was involved , the U.S. official said , but the documents taken from the compound have provided confirmation . Officials have previously said bin Laden always placed a top priority on trying to attack Americans . While officials are still trying to assess overall how effective bin Laden was in communicating with his operatives in Pakistan and abroad , the threats that emerged late last year came from "  al Qaeda Central , " the source said , using the phrase that refers to bin Laden and his direct associates . "  Absolutely , he knew " about the plotting to attack in Europe , the official said . "  Osama bin Laden was in the loop . "	The materials were taken in the May 2 raid on bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan They confirm the al Qaeda leader communicated with an affiliate group in Yemen Bin Laden was involved in planning attacks , the materials show
CNN  -- Taryn Davis was 19 when she married her high school sweetheart . "  It was probably the happiest point of my life , " she said . "  I did n't need someone to complete my life . He made me want to be a better person . " Two days after the wedding , Davis moved to Alaska to be with her husband , Michael Davis , who was stationed at an Army base there , putting their honeymoon plans on hold . "  He wanted to take me to Hawaii , " she remembered . But they never got to take that trip . On May 21 , 2007 , Davis came home to find two men waiting to tell her that her husband had been killed by a roadside bomb in Iraq . At 21 , Davis was a widow . Consumed by grief , she felt she had nowhere to turn for support . After her husband was deployed to Iraq , Davis moved back home to San Marcos , Texas , away from a military community . "  I did n't live near any bases , " she said . "  When Michael was killed , I was in my senior year in college . I did n't have a connection to military wives . " But Davis was not alone . Since 2001 , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have left 2,829 women without husbands and 46 men without wives , according to a May 2011 report from the Defense Manpower Data Center . "  In the beginning after I lost Michael , I honestly wanted to die , " she said . "  I wanted someone 21 to say , ' I got the knock on the door . I had the two men who said the words that shattered my world . And I am like you and trying to pick up the pieces . ' " So she made it her mission to seek out other widows . She contacted a widow whose husband was killed alongside hers . "  I gave her a call one day , and I said , ' I want to know all the things that people stopped asking me . I want to know how you met your husband . I want to know how you fell in love , how you were notified , and most importantly , I want to know what makes you get up every day and face life again , ' because I did n't know the answers . " Davis found other widows on MySpace and used some of the $ 100,000 she received in military death benefits to buy video equipment . Then she set out across the country to interview six widows in six different cities . "  It was in the midst of filming that documentary that I got the idea of starting a nonprofit organization that would allow these women to have a place to share all the things that we basically were asking -LSB- in the film -RSB- , " she said . Four months after Davis ' husband was killed , the American Widow Project was born . Since then , more than 750 widows have joined the organization . It started with the website -- a place for young widows to share their stories , learn from one another and find comfort in knowing they 're not alone . Then Davis began organizing "  getaway " trips so the widows could meet in person . The trips have ranged from skydiving out of planes to rebuilding a house damaged by Hurricane Katrina through the St. Bernard Project . Brooke Toner , a widow who helped rebuild the house in New Orleans , said it was hard to find other people who understood what she was going through . "  After Frankie died , I just felt like there was nothing that was going to give me any comfort , " Toner said . "  I felt like nobody could understand that amount of loss of my best friend , my husband , my soul mate . "  I did n't even think that these women could understand that . But I 've been fortunate to meet all of them . They 're dealing with so much of it , and they 're on a similar path . For me , it 's comforting . " Erin Dructor , who also lost her husband , agrees . "  It 's opened my eyes to show me different ways on how to be able to handle things to where I feel like I 'm not alone , " she said . "  It 's definitely helped me heal more . " For Davis , starting the organization has helped her just as much as it 's helping other young widows . "  In the beginning , it was hard for me to even laugh or smile because I thought if people saw me laughing or smiling , they would think that I was over Michael , " she said . "  In reality , I 've learned that when I 'm laughing and smiling and I feel most alive is when I feel my husband the most . "  We 're all on different journeys . We all have different paths . But to come here on one of our getaways for at least three days and just feel united , feel the love of our husbands and feel the love of our new lives that we 're rebuilding together ... that 's the thing that gets me through it . "	Taryn Davis founded the American Widow Project after her husband was killed in Iraq The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have produced close to 3,000 widows Widows can share stories on americanwidowproject.org , meet other women on getaway trips
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez revealed a deeply personal side in an interview Thursday night , saying he loves Jesus Christ and would have liked to play Major League baseball in Yankee Stadium . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez spoke highly of President Obama at the United Nations on Thursday . He also expressed a fondness for American people and culture , saying he likes the movie actor Charles Bronson and the poet Walt Whitman . He loves to sing , he said , though he does not do it well . And Chavez had kind words for the U.S. security detail protecting him during his visit to New York , saying he chatted with them while out walking and that they "  have been very gracious , very efficient and very attentive , very kind . " In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Larry King , Chavez spoke at length about a host of issues : relations between Venezuela and the United States and his hopes for improved ties with President Barack Obama ; Iran , Israel and those who deny that the Holocaust existed ; efforts to overthrow him and have him assassinated ; criticism that he is power hungry and trying to silence critics . Chavez , a self-proclaimed socialist , spoke with King a few hours after giving a speech to the U.N. General Assembly , in which he praised Obama but criticized some U.S. policies . Watch Chavez speak at the U.N. General Assembly " When asked whether he is misunderstood in the United States , Chavez seemed to turn reflective . "  I 'm a man with many defects , " he said . "  I love . I sing . I dream . I was born in the poor countryside . I was raised in the countryside , planting corn and selling sweets made by my grandmother . My children , my two daughters are with me and I want a better world for my grandchildren , for your grandchildren . "  Now , they demonize me . But that 's the start of these world campaigns to try to defend what you can not defend -- a system that is destroying the world . ... I 'm a Christian . I want the world of justice and equality . This is the only way to achieve peace . " Chavez then talked about his religious upbringing and current faith . "  I was an altar boy , " he said . "  My mother wanted me to be a priest . I am very Christian and Catholic . ... I 'm very faithful . I believe in God , in Jesus Christ . I love Jesus Christ . I am a Christian . ... I cry when I see injustice , children dying of hunger . " His comments were all the more remarkable because Chavez and the Catholic Church have been at odds since he came to power in 1999 . The church has been one of his major critics , with Pope Benedict XVI and other church leaders expressing concern over what they see as attempts by Chavez to limit the church 's influence . Chavez 's efforts to change anti-abortion laws have been at the top of those concerns . Chavez , in turn , has referred to church leadership as a "  tumor . " Speaking of other matters , Chavez said he hopes for improved relations with Obama , but "  we want relations based on respect , relations of peoples where we are respected . " That has not been the case so far , he said . "  Most governments in the United States in a hundred years have not respected the peoples of Latin America , " Chavez told King . "  They have sponsored coup d'etats , assassinations . It 's enough . We want to be brothers and sisters . We want respect and equality . " Chavez particularly criticized former President George W. Bush , whom he accused of orchestrating an assassination attempt on the Venezuelan leader during a short-lived coup in 2002 . Chavez regained power within days . Watch Chavez discuss the alleged assassination attempt " "  The Bush government toppled me , " he said . "  They asked for my assassination . They disrespected us . ... I saw my assassins . ... I was a prisoner in Venezuela , being a president . They took me to the seaside . I was debating with those who wanted murder me . They received the order to kill me . However , at this very moment , a group of soldiers refused . They did not kill me , but I saw those who wanted to kill me , and the order came from the White House . " Chavez also expressed concern that the United States , which he calls "  the empire , " still would like to topple him . As he has numerous times in recent weeks , Chavez criticized U.S. plans to begin operating out of military bases in neighboring Colombia . The United States says it needs a presence in Colombia to fight drug traffickers . Chavez sees a sinister intent . When asked what country he fears would harm him , Chavez replied , "  The empire . The empire . Seven military bases ... in Colombia , that 's a serious threat against Venezuela . " Chavez also defended his relationship with Iran but denied having said that Iran would help Venezuela obtain nuclear technology . Iran has embarked on a nuclear program that the United States and other nations think will lead it to develop nuclear weapons before long . "  They have fooled you , " Chavez said . "  I 've never said that Iran is going to help us to have nuclear technology . ... That 's a strategy to attack Venezuela and say that we are building an atomic bomb . That 's the next accusation . And I 'm going to say this now : Please , come on . That 's crazy . That 's crazy . " Chavez said he does not agree with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's contention that the Holocaust , in which 6 million European Jews were killed during World War II , never existed . "  But there also was another holocaust in South America , " Chavez said . "  I do not deny the Jewish Holocaust . And I condemn it . But in South America , when the Europeans arrived , there were close to 90 million Indians ; 200 years later , we only had four million remaining . That was a holocaust . And the Europeans denied this holocaust . " Israel came under criticism from Chavez , who called it a "  small country with atomic bombs , and very aggressive country . ... They have massacred entire families . It is a war-mongering country . " Turning to the situation in his own country , Chavez denied that he is trying to shut down critical media , such as the independent Globovision TV station . Government officials have levied several charges against the station , saying that it is disseminating false information and trying to foment dissatisfaction against Chavez . The Chavez government has repealed licenses for other independent TV and radio stations , and has threatened to do so against Globovision . Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter this week joined human rights groups and others who have expressed concern over what they see as Chavez becoming too authoritarian . Chavez dismissed the criticism . "  Never in Venezuela have we had so much freedom of speech as now , " he said . Pressed by King about whether he is going to shut down Globovision , Chavez answered , "  I do not know . It depends on them . If they keep on sponsoring coup d'etats , if they keep on calling for my assassination , if they keep on breaching the law even as well , it is not Chavez that 's going to close them . I want to apply the law . We need to respect the law . It is the law . It 's out of logic , and it 's pure logic . " As to Carter , Chavez said , "  Yes , I read that and I regret for him , because I think he 's totally confounded and lost . It 's a long time since he visited us . I respect him enormously , but I think he is wrong . He 's a victim of so much falsehood in the world . "	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says he loves Jesus Christ , U.S. people , culture Chavez says he hopes for improved relations with U.S. President Barack Obama He denies he is trying to shut down critical media in Venezuela He denies Iran would help Venezuela obtain nuclear technology
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pilot of a small Cessna 172 aircraft reported stolen from a Canadian flight school has been captured , authorities said . The pilot was flying a plane similar to this one -- a Cessna 172 -- before he landed in Missouri . The pilot reportedly stole a small Cessna 172 aircraft from a Canadian flight school , flew hundreds of miles across the Midwest , landed on a dirt road in Missouri late Monday and took off on foot , federal officials said . Federal , state and local authorities launched a manhunt for the pilot , who was identified by the FBI as Adam Leon , 31 , a native of Turkey who became a Canadian citizen last year , according to FBI spokesman Richard Kolko . He was formerly known as Yavuz Berke , though officials did not indicate a reason for the name change . He was taken into custody at an Ellsinore grocery story after a brief manhunt , according to Missouri state police and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . A federal law enforcement source said the pilot parked the plane under what appeared to be a bridge or culvert , apparently in an attempt to hide it . The plane had been intercepted and tracked by U.S. military aircraft as it flew from Canada into U.S. airspace and meandered southward for several hours before landing , a Department of Homeland Security spokesman said . It landed in the town of Ellsinore , population 360 , in southern Missouri , a dispatcher with the Carter County Sheriff 's Office said . A spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  said the pilot flew "  erratically " over the course of the afternoon , at time reaching 14,000 feet in altitude , then dropping as low as 3,000 feet . The Cessna departed the school in Ontario at about 3 p.m. ET and flew over Lake Superior less than half an hour later , according to NORAD officials . F-16 fighter jets intercepted the pilot near Michigan 's upper peninsula border with Wisconsin at 4:43 p.m. , and tracked the Cessna until its safe landing . The NORAD spokesman , Mike Kucharek , said military pilots who intercepted the Cessna had tried repeatedly to get the pilot 's attention and at one point , the pilot appeared to acknowledge that he saw the other aircraft . "  He looked at them , " Kucharek said . But the pilot had not communicated with NORAD or the Federal Aviation Administration , Kucharek added later in the evening . At 9:20 p.m. , the pilot was believed to have had roughly 30 minutes of fuel left , Kucharek said . "  We do n't want to suppose the motive of the individual , " Kucharek told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " after the landing . "  But it certainly made a day for the professional pilots that were flying these missions and a very serious situation from a NORAD perspective . " Officials allowed the pilot "  to play his hand " because they " -LSB- did n't -RSB- want to provoke the situation , " Kucharek said . A federal law enforcement official told CNN the pilot is a naturalized Canadian citizen , but declined to give his name or country of origin . The source said the pilot was a flight school student for a "  brief " period and only clocked a few hours of flight time . Canadian officials have received some information that the pilot is "  not a happy individual , " the official said . The Cessna departed at about 3 p.m. ET and flew over Lake Superior less than half an hour later , according to NORAD officials . F-16 fighter jets intercepted the pilot near Michigan 's upper peninsula border with Wisconsin at 4:43 p.m. , and have tracked the Cessna since . Earlier in the evening , the Wisconsin National Guard deployed two F-16s of its own in an attempt to get the pilot to establish communications with FAA air traffic controllers . The state capitol in Madison , Wisconsin , was evacuated for less than an hour as a precaution . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said the plane was reportedly stolen from a flight school in Thunder Bay , Canada , and the pilot had been identified as a student at the flight school . Both Lt. Cmdr. Gary Ross of NORAD and Brown of the FAA said the 14,000-feet altitude is above the level at which the FAA requires use of oxygen . Brown said it was not clear whether the Cessna had supplemental oxygen on board . Ross says the plane is a long-range version of a Cessna 172 . It was fully fueled , giving it about seven hours of flying time . Ross said if NORAD officials believe the aircraft poses a threat , "  we take seriously any intent to harm any of our citizens or critical infrastructure . " He added that "  all options are on the table although we continue to move towards a resolution that does n't call for -LSB- lethal force -RSB- . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Adam Levine and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI identifies pilot as Adam Leon of Turkey , who is now a Canadian citizen NEW : Pilot , formerly known as Yavuz Berke , captured after landing plane , fleeing Cessna aircraft was reported stolen from Canadian flight school F-16 fighter jets intercepted plane , but pilot did n't respond
CNN  -- The four Georgia teens accused in the beating death of a fifth teen at a house party appeared in court on murder charges Monday morning . Horace Damon Coleman , 19 , Emanuel Benjamin Boykins , 18 , Quantez Devonta Mallory , 18 , and Tracen Franklin , 19 , face one felony murder count each , according to Lt. Bruce Ferguson with the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . They are accused of killing Bobby Maurice Tillman , 18 , at a house party in metro Atlanta early Sunday . Officials said the party got out of control . A judge at their initial hearing ordered no bail for the suspects until they can speak with an attorney . All but Franklin asked for court-appointed counsel . His mother told the judge she had already hired an attorney for her son . Before the attack , one of the teens reportedly told his friends he was going to hit the next person he saw , Ferguson said . Sheriff Phil Miller told CNN affiliate WSB the assault on Tillman was unprovoked . He was a "  little guy , 18 years old , 5-foot-6 , weighed 125 pounds , " Miller said about the victim . "  And they beat him up and stomped him and killed him , " he added . Police arrived on scene early Sunday . They were called by the mother of the girl who had hosted the party , Ferguson said . Police took 57 witnesses in for questioning . Ed Stephens , who lives near where the party took place , watched the brutal attack from his bedroom window , WSB reported . "  I just thought he was hurt . I never thought that his life was ending , " Stephens said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	They are accused of killing an 18-year-old at a house party in Atlanta early Sunday The attack on Bobby Maurice Tillman was reportedly unprovoked 57 witnesses were brought in for questioning
Simferopol , Crimea  CNN  -- Money , time zones , flags , water , ships : just a few of the issues to deal with when you divorce one country and prepare to join another . The pro-Russian leadership of Crimea is now issuing declarations on an almost hourly basis about the practical consequences of joining the Russian Federation , even as much of the rest of the world says the whole process is illegal . Their biggest headache is geographical : Crimea has no land border with Russia . The closest link is a windswept ferry crossing in the far north-eastern corner of Crimea that connects Kerch with the Russian mainland . The town 's mayor told CNN last week that a bridge will be built across the 4.5-kilometer wide Strait of Kerch to mother Russia , as promised by Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev , but that 's a multi-year project . Then there are other challenges . Military There are still thousands of Ukrainian troops based in Crimea , and for many of them it is home . Their fate is far from clear . The new Crimean authorities say they can stay in uniform if they swear allegiance to Crimea , or leave . Those wishing to "  return " to Ukraine would be given safe passage , without their weapons . The Ukrainian government continues to insist the bases will not be evacuated . Ukraine 's Deputy Prime Minister Vitaliy Yarema said Monday that "  if the Crimean authorities try to force the Ukrainian military out , the Ukrainian military has the right to use force . " For now there is a stand-off , with the Ukrainians saying that -- for several days at least -- an agreement has been reached that allows supplies to reach the troops still holed up in bases and surrounded by Russian troops . There 's been no word from Moscow on this . The new Crimean government says it intends to take over Ukrainian naval vessels currently in Crimean waters . Some have been blockaded in a lake after several old Russian ships were scuttled . But most of the Ukrainian navy is in poor shape and would not be much of an asset . In fact , the Ukrainians admitted this month that only four navy ships were battle-ready , and the fleet 's commander has already switched allegiance . Money Currently ATMs in Crimea still dispense hryvnia , the Ukrainian currency . The ruble is little used in Crimea and money-changers would rather have your euros or dollars . Crimea plans to have its own central bank , tied closely to that of Russia , and adopt the ruble as the official currency in April . In practical terms , it 's likely that some banks in Crimea will start working in rubles while others -- for the time-being -- will use the hryvnia . The new Crimean leader , Sergei Aksyonov , says he expects Crimea to be a dual-currency state for a while , and the regional parliament voted Monday to allow the hryvnia to remain an official currency until 2016 . For its part , Ukraine 's central bank has no plans to starve Crimea of currency , because it could wipe out the savings of Ukrainians living in Crimea , according to a bank official who spoke to CNN 's Nina dos Santos on Monday . The Russian Deputy Finance Minister , Sergei Shatalov , has floated the idea of a special tax regime for Crimea while the new authorities adapt laws and tax regulations to conform with those of Russia and businesses and properties are re-registered . But Crimea will also need an infusion of Russian cash , especially if Western sanctions extend beyond visa restrictions and asset freezes for a few prominent individuals and start impacting businesses in Crimea . In the past the region has received hefty subsidies from the Ukrainian government as one of the poorer parts of the country . The average wage in Crimea is $ 240 a month , far lower than that of Russia , according to data from the Ukrainian State Statistics Committee . Analysts say Russia may have to pump from $ 1 to $ 3 billion each year into the Crimean government 's budget if pensions and other benefits are to be raised to Russian levels - at a time when several other Russian regions are close to insolvent . Water and power Between 80 and 90 % of Crimea 's water comes from Ukraine . A canal brings water supplies from the Dnieper River across the Isthmus of Perekop and into the Crimean peninsula . With warm , dry summers and low rainfall  15 inches a year  , Crimea needs that water to irrigate its arable land . Ukraine says it has no intention of cutting off water supplies , perhaps because it in turn relies on Russia as a source of natural gas  and owes Russian provider Gazprom $ 2 billion on that debt  . To cut off Crimea 's water would look like a vindictive and indiscriminate gesture from a country desperate for western support . Russia could build a water pipeline under the Kerch Strait into Crimea , using water from the Kuban River , but it would be an expensive long-term project . Two-thirds of the peninsula 's gas supplies come from the Ukrainian state-owned supplier Chernomorneftegaz . Crimea 's coal-fired power plants supply only one-tenth of the electricity it needs . The rest comes from Ukraine . If Russia had to supply Crimea with most of its power needs , pipelines and pylons would have to be built . Which leads us to ... . Energy resources On Monday , the Crimean parliament passed a resolution to seize the assets in Crimea of two Ukrainian energy producers . One is the state-owned Chernomorneftegaz , which has drilling rigs off Crimea 's west coast and in the Sea of Azov . The parliament 's resolution said the takeover would include ownership of the region 's "  continental shelf and the exclusive  maritime  economic zone . " This could be very problematic . While a land border would look relatively straightforward  even if rejected by Kiev  , disputes on maritime boundaries would not , as Crimea 's coastline is dotted by islands and spits of land . The Black and Azov Seas are estimated to hold nearly 60 trillion cubic feet of gas . Several offshore fields being developed are close to both Crimea and the Ukrainian mainland and may become a flashpoint as the crisis evolves . On Tuesday , the Ukrainian Justice Minister , Pavlo Petrenko , described the attempted confiscation of Ukrainian assets as "  an act of thievery made by those people who are part of the pseudo-Crimean government . " While losing a few railway locomotives is bearable when you are virtually bankrupt , losing oil and gas revenues is not . The crisis may also deter western oil companies from investing in exploration . Exxon has already put on hold its pursuit of one block . None will want to be associated with a government the U.S. and European Union has declared illegitimate . Flags Already lowered and raised . The vivid blue and yellow of Ukraine is gone  though police cars will need repainting  . Now the Russian and Crimean flags flutter side-by-side : both red , white and blue , but slightly different . Time zones The new leadership in Crimea has already announced that on March 30 it will align the republic with Moscow time -- two hours ahead of Ukraine 's in winter months . This would mean dark mornings in Simferopol . On New Year 's Day , the sun rises at 7:22 am in Simferopol . In the new time-zone it would rise at 9:22 am . Food Wander round a supermarket in Simferopol and it 's soon apparent that most foodstuffs and household goods are coming from , or through , Ukraine . The profit motive and consumer demand may be enough to ensure this flow continues , but much depends on whether the new border hastily being drawn across northern Crimea becomes a regular European crossing or a grim reminder of the frontier that once divided the continent . The port of Sevastopol provides Crimea with an alternative but likely more expensive import-export hub . Its facilities are badly in need of modernization , but a $ 10 billion investment plan proposed by a Chinese tycoon may be disrupted by the current turmoil and/or sanctions . The future ? There have been orderly separations and divisions in the past , most notably that of the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993 , dubbed the Velvet Divorce . But that was painstakingly prepared with guidance from international experts . Crimea 's rupture from Ukraine has been more sudden . Integration with all things Russian will take much longer , and cost much more , than the rapid political process playing out in Moscow . CNN 's Nina dos Santos and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	There are issues when you divorce one country and join another , writes CNN 's Tim Lister The biggest headache is geographical : Crimea has no land border with Russia There are still thousands of Ukrainian troops based in Crimea -- seen as their home Currently ATMs in Crimea still dispense hryvnia , the Ukrainian currency
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon defended his government 's approach to combating crime and drugs Monday during his final state of the nation address . More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when Calderon took office and announced plans to deploy troops to combat cartels . He steps down in December . "  What 's clear ... is that we 've made advances Mexicans should feel proud of , " the president said , adding that it may take years for his government 's efforts to come to full flower . "  Mexico has started along the path toward a life full of liberty and security . " Calderon , who spoke at the National Palace , voiced support for the role of government troops in the drug war . Critics contend too many officials have ties to the cartels , are corrupt and are doing as much to help the traffickers as to stop them . Alleged drug cartel figure extradited Mexican authorities recently accused four top military officials , including a former deputy defense secretary , of connections with organized crime in what could be one of the highest-profile corruption cases in recent history . Though Calderon admitted mistakes have been made , he said such abuses are the exception , not the rule , and described the military as the nation 's first line of defense . As he has in the past , he criticized the United States for providing criminals with almost "  unlimited access " to weapons . The president also hailed progress made on the economic front during his administration . Roughly 2 million jobs were created , he said , stressing that security and growth go hand in hand . He highlighted investments made in infrastructure , particularly along rural roads . Calderon , who belongs to the right-wing National Action Party , will be replaced by Enrique Pena Nieto , a member of the rival Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI . Candidate refuses to accept results Some political opponents of Pena Nieto , whose party governed Mexico for more than 70 years until 2000 , have warned that negotiating with drug cartels and gangs could be on his agenda -- an accusation that Pena Nieto has repeatedly denied . Calderon urged the next government to continue the fight against organized crime . Pena Nieto has pledged to focus more on reducing violence and less on catching cartel leaders and blocking drugs from reaching the United States . He has called for a "  new debate " on the drug war , in which the United States would play a significant part . Pena Nieto will be sworn into office on December 1 . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	President Felipe Calderon will step down in December He will be replaced by Enrique Pena Nieto , who leads a rival party More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since 2006
Madurai , India  CNN  -- Narayanan Krishnan was a bright , young , award-winning chef with a five-star hotel group , short-listed for an elite job in Switzerland . But a quick family visit home before heading to Europe changed everything . "  I saw a very old man eating his own human waste for food , " Krishnan said . "  It really hurt me so much . I was literally shocked for a second . After that , I started feeding that man and decided this is what I should do the rest of my lifetime . " Krishnan was visiting a temple in the south Indian city of Madurai in 2002 when he saw the man under a bridge . Haunted by the image , Krishnan quit his job within the week and returned home for good , convinced of his new destiny . "  That spark and that inspiration is a driving force still inside me as a flame -- to serve all the mentally ill destitutes and people who can not take care of themselves , " Krishnan said . Krishnan founded his nonprofit Akshaya Trust in 2003 . Now 29 , he has served more than 1.2 million meals -- breakfast , lunch and dinner -- to India 's homeless and destitute , mostly elderly people abandoned by their families and often abused . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes "  Because of the poverty India faces , so many mentally ill people have been ... left uncared -LSB- for -RSB- on the roadside of the city , " he said . Krishnan said the name Akshaya is Sanskrit for "  undecaying " or "  imperishable , " and was chosen "  to signify -LSB- that -RSB- human compassion should never decay or perish . ... The spirit of helping others must prevail for ever . " Also , in Hindu mythology , Goddess Annapoorani 's "  Akshaya bowl " fed the hungry endlessly , never depleting its resources . Krishnan 's day begins at 4 a.m. . He and his team cover nearly 125 miles in a donated van , routinely working in temperatures topping 100 degrees Fahrenheit . He seeks out the homeless under bridges and in the nooks and crannies between the city 's temples . The hot meals he delivers are simple , tasty vegetarian fare he personally prepares , packs and often hand-feeds to nearly 400 clients each day . Krishnan carries a comb , scissors and razor and is trained in eight haircut styles that , along with a fresh shave , provide extra dignity to those he serves . He says many of the homeless seldom know their names or origins , and none has the capacity to beg , ask for help or offer thanks . They may be paranoid and hostile because of their conditions , but Krishnan says this only steadies his resolve to offer help . "  The panic , suffering of the human hunger is the driving force of me and my team members of Akshaya , " he said . "  I get this energy from the people . The food which I cook ... the enjoyment which they get is the energy . I see the soul . I want to save my people . " How to nominate a CNN Hero The group 's operations cost about $ 327 a day , but sponsored donations only cover 22 days a month . Krishnan subsidizes the shortfall with $ 88 he receives in monthly rent from a home his grandfather gave him . Krishnan sleeps in Akshaya 's modest kitchen with his few co-workers . Since investing his entire savings of $ 2,500 in 2002 , he has taken no salary and subsists with the help of his once-unsupportive parents . "  They had a lot of pain because they had spent a lot on my education , " he said . "  I asked my mother , ` Please come with me , see what I am doing . ' After coming back home , my mother said , ` You feed all those people , the rest of the lifetime I am there , I will feed you . ' I 'm living for Akshaya . My parents are taking care of me . " For lack of funding , the organization has been forced to halt construction on Akshaya Home , Krishnan 's vision of a dormitory where he can provide shelter for the people he helps . Despite the demands and few comforts his lifestyle affords , Krishnan says he 's enjoying his life . "  Now I am feeling so comfortable and so happy , " he says . "  I have a passion , I enjoy my work . I want to live with my people . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Akshaya Trust Web site and see how to help .	Narayanan Krishnan has served more than 1.2 million meals to India 's homeless , destitute He founded nonprofit trust after seeing homeless man eating "  his own human waste " Krishnan had been a young , award-winning chef bound for five-star hotel group Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Frank DiPascali , formerly the finance chief at Bernard Madoff 's investment advisory business , pleaded guilty in federal court in Manhattan on Tuesday to 10 charges including securities fraud and international money laundering . Frank DiPascali , center in this courtroom sketch , said he knew for about 20 years he was engaged in wrongdoing . The charges carry a maximum sentence of 125 years . With his guilty plea , DiPascali waived his right to a trial . As Tuesday 's hearing commenced , U.S. District Judge Richard J. Sullivan explained that for him to accept DiPascali 's guilty plea , DiPascali would have to sufficiently convince him that he was , in fact , guilty . That set the stage for a dramatic statement from DiPascali about his history at Madoff 's firm , his personal relationship with Madoff , and the mechanics of a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme for which Madoff was convicted in June . While DiPascali 's guilty plea and the judge 's acceptance of it were expected , both the defense and the prosecution were surprised by the judge 's decision to reject DiPascali 's bail agreement -- and to have him escorted from the courtroom in handcuffs . The defense and even the prosecution pleaded with the judge not to order DiPascali into custody . Prosecutors told the judge they believed remanding DiPascali would impede the "  efficiency " of their Madoff investigation . Marc Mukasey , the lead defense attorney , stood multiple times to dispute the decision , variously suggesting to the judge that DiPascali instead be put under house detention , that he wear an electronic monitoring device , and that the decision on his bail agreement be postponed for 48 to 72 hours . He added that DiPascali 's family was "  completely unprepared " for this outcome . While Sullivan patiently heard out Mukasey 's many counterproposals , he refused to back down from his decision , asserting that DiPascali was too serious a flight risk given the "  astronomical " maximum sentence he may receive . The judge also said that he could not "  overlook the conduct -LSB- DiPascali -RSB- admitted to " despite DiPascali 's avowed determination to do the right thing henceforth . Though DiPascali remained outwardly calm for much of Tuesday 's proceedings , the judge 's decision not to grant him bail appeared to stun him . He seemed in a daze as it became clear he would leave the courtroom in handcuffs , cupping his head in his hands and rubbing his temples . Earlier in his testimony , DiPascali recounted how he joined Madoff 's company as a newly minted high-school grad in 1975 . He held numerous jobs during his 33-year tenure -- options trader and research analyst among them -- but above all he was a "  guy who did whatever he was told to do around the office . " Working side by side with Madoff for decades , DiPascali developed a tight bond with his employer . "  Bernie was a mentor to me and more , " he said , adding that he was "  loyal to a terrible , terrible fault . " His sense of loyalty led him to falsify documents for his boss for years on end , he said . Using a financial program , he looked up historical prices of stocks and then drafted customer statements showing bogus stock transactions . He calculated theoretical commissions that the business should have received from the trades that it did not actually make , and then wired money from account to account to make those commissions appear , he said . And as a principal point of contact for investors in Madoff 's investment advisory business , DiPascali said , he also regularly fielded calls from investors curious about how their money was being managed , knowing that the trades he told them about were entirely fictitious . He said he had been aware that what he was doing was wrong since the "  late '80s , early '90s . " "  I do n't know how I went from an 18-year-old kid who happened to have a job -LSB- to -RSB- standing in front of you today , " he said . DiPascali repeatedly stated that he perpetrated the massive fraud in collusion "  with others , " though he specified neither who those other were nor how many they numbered . DiPascali said he rationalized to himself that Madoff 's victims would have a soft landing if the Ponzi scheme ever came crumbling down . He said he thought Madoff had assets he could liquefy in a worst-case scenario . "  I know my apology means nothing , " DiPascali said . His voice quavered as he expressed remorse for his part in swindling charities that had invested with Madoff . Miriam Siegman , a Madoff victim who said she lost 40 years ' worth of personal savings in the scheme and was now on the brink of homelessness , asked the judge to reject DiPascali 's guilty plea . She insisted that the "  full truth " would come out only if DiPascali stood trial . Both legal teams said they expected sentencing to happen in May . Each side will have the opportunity to submit documents and testimonies in support of or against DiPascali before Sullivan hands down the sentence . DiPascali is the second person involved in the Madoff scheme to land behind bars as a result of the fraud . In June , Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 counts and was sentenced to 150 years in prison for masterminding the scheme . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors .	NEW : Judge denies bail for Frank DiPascali , despite deal he had with prosecutors DiPascali , Bernie Madoff 's fiance chief , pleads guilty to securities fraud Madoff was sentenced to prison this year for orchestrating Ponzi scheme DiPascali admits to creating false statements with historical stock prices
London  CNN  -- After a renewed push for leads in the case of missing British girl Madeleine McCann , authorities in the United Kingdom are turning to Portuguese officials for help . A letter sent by the Crown Prosecution Services to authorities in Portugal on Friday is requesting permission to conduct interviews in connection with the girl 's 2007 disappearance from her family 's holiday villa in the resort town of Praia da Luz . Pedro do Carmo , the deputy national director of the Judiciary Police in Portugal , said Portuguese authorities have not yet received the letter , but he noted the latest lines in the Scotland Yard investigation focus on three people . Do Carmo declined to provide the nationalities of those three people , who he said have not been detained . The development in the case comes roughly three months after new police sketches were released of potential suspects and UK police appeared in a TV appeal for information . The program prompted a flurry of tips , and police in Portugal announced that same month that they would reopen the case . Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared while she was on holiday with her family in June 2007 . Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide . The two police forces ' investigations have run in parallel since October . Do Carmo said Portuguese police have been in constant contact with authorities in the UK . Detectives have been investigating a spike in break-ins in the area in the weeks before Madeleine disappeared , two of them in the same block where her family was staying . October : Portuguese police reopen Madeleine inquiry A thousand responses to new police appeal	UK authorities ask permission of Portuguese police to conduct interviews The Scotland Yard investigation is focused on three people , Portuguese police say The potential development comes three months after a renewed push for leads began
Menlo Park , California  CNN  -- Look out Vine : Instagram is n't just about sharing arty photos anymore . On Thursday , the company announced its 130 million monthly users will now be able to shoot and share 15-second videos , dressed up with one of 13 special filters . The new video feature was made available to all iOS and Android Instagram users around the world Thursday as a free update to the existing Instagram app . The basic look of the app is the same , but a small movie icon has been added that takes you into video mode . The changes were announced by Instagram co-founder and CEO Kevin Systrom during a press event at the headquarters of Facebook , which bought Instagram last year . "  It 's everything we know and love about Instagram , but it moves , " Systrom said . The video-sharing feature was widely expected and puts Instagram in direct competition with Vine , the popular Twitter-owned app that lets users share looping six-second video clips . Vine has skyrocketed in popularity in the six months since it launched , attracting more than 13 million users . Many of the six-second videos have a unique look and feel , employing fast cuts and stop-motion animations to tell quirky little stories . Vine , Instagram and the rise of bite-sized video On Instagram , the videos can be between three and 15 seconds long and include any number of individual video clips . But the coolest feature may come after you shoot the video : 13 brand-new filters , created by an artist specifically for Instagram video . They do the usual tweaks to make video pop , like adding vignettes , upping the contrast and playing with color . There is also an image-stabilization feature to even out shaky videos shot on the go . For now , videos can only be shot from within the Instagram app , and there is no way to upload existing video from your phone 's camera roll . The 15-second limit was chosen after testing different times , said Systrom , who called it the right balance "  between not too short that it constrains your creativity " and not so long that you have to wait a while for a file to upload . In its two and a half years , Instagram has hosted 16 billion photos , Systrom said . Users post 1 billion likes a day , and 130 million people use the service each month , he said . Systrom built up to the announcement with some flowery language about the significance of the new product . "  It 's a powerful way to learn about new concepts , ideas and causes that move the world forward in a significant way , " he said . "  It 's our collective belief that the world is better off collected and shared permanently . " Not to be outdone , Vine seems to be readying some new features itself . The app 's co-founders posted several Vines Wednesday that suggest users will soon have the ability to save drafts , splice bits of multiple Vines together and browse content based on categories and genres . The video-sharing news is the latest step in Facebook 's quest to conquer mobile devices . The company has worked hard to increase revenue from mobile ads , which now make up 30 % of the company 's ad revenue . Will you be trying out Instagram 's video feature ? Share your creation with CNN iReport by shooting a 15-second video on Instagram showing what the first day of summer looks like near you on June 21 , and tag it #cnnireport . We 'll showcase some of the best , most creative responses on CNN.com later that day .	Instagram users will now be able to shoot and share 15-second videos The video feature will be available to all iOS and Android Instagram users Thursday The new feature puts Instagram in direct competition with Vine , the popular Twitter-owned app
CNN  -- A juror in the George Zimmerman trial says she feels the man who killed Trayvon Martin "  got away with murder . " "  George Zimmerman got away with murder , but you ca n't get away from God . And at the end of the day , he 's going to have a lot of questions and answers he has to deal with , " Juror B29 told ABC , according to an article posted on the network 's website Thursday . "  But  the law could n't prove it . " The juror , who used only her first name of Maddy out of concerns for her safety , told ABC that she and others on the panel felt Zimmerman was guilty , but that was n't enough . "  You ca n't put the man in jail even though in our hearts we felt he was guilty , " she said . "  But we had to grab our hearts and put it aside and look at the evidence . " Thursday night , Martin 's mother said she was devastated after hearing the juror 's comments . "  It is devastating for my family to hear the comments from juror B29 , comments which we already knew in our hearts to be true . That George Zimmerman literally got away with murder , " Sybrina Fulton said in a written statement . "  This new information challenges our nation once again to do everything we can to make sure that this never happens to another child . " Maddy is the second juror to speak about the high-profile case since the six-person , all-female jury acquitted Zimmerman earlier this month . She and other jurors also have identified themselves by their numbers from the jury pool . Opinion : What if both were white ? Last week the woman known as Juror B37 told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that Zimmerman "  did n't do anything unlawful " and was "  justified " in shooting 17-year-old Martin last year . Zimmerman has been out of the public eye since the jury found him not guilty of second degree murder on July 13 . His parents told ABC News last week that their family has received an "  enormous amount of death threats . " He fatally shot Martin in the Sanford , Florida , neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin 's father lived in February 2012 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person , and he said he shot Martin in self-defense . The case became a flash point in debates over racial profiling , and thousands attended vigils across the country over the weekend , decrying the verdict . Martin 's father goes to Capitol Hill Maddy , 36 , is Puerto Rican and a mother of eight children , ABC said . She was the only minority to deliberate in the case . She told ABC that the case was never about race to her . At the beginning of deliberations , she told ABC , she wanted to convict Zimmerman of second-degree murder . But she realized on the second day of deliberations that there was n't enough proof to convict him of murder or the lesser charge of manslaughter . "  I was the juror that was going to give them the hung jury . I fought to the end , " she said , according to ABC . Juror B37 told CNN that the jury was initially split -- three and three along the line of guilt . Juror B37 was among those who believed Zimmerman was not guilty from the start . She stressed that she and the other jurors took their responsibility seriously . "  I do n't want people to think that we did n't think about this , and we did n't care about Trayvon Martin , because we did . We 're very sad that it happened to him , " she said . Juror B29 told ABC that the decision is still weighing heavily on her , and she thinks she owes Martin 's parents an apology . "  It 's hard for me to sleep , it 's hard for me to eat because I feel I was forcefully included in Trayvon Martin 's death , " she told ABC . "  And as I carry him on my back , I 'm hurting as much  as  Trayvon Martin 's mother because there 's no way that any mother should feel that pain . " Zimmerman lawyer : Jurors followed law , not their hearts CNN 's Vivan Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Trayvon Martin 's mom : It 's "  devastating " to hear Juror B29 's comments "  The law could n't prove " that Zimmerman was guilty , a juror tells ABC "  George Zimmerman got away with murder , but you ca n't get away from God , " she says Juror B29 says "  we had to grab our hearts and put it aside and look at the evidence "
CNN  -- The captain is still in charge . No matter how technologically advanced a cruise ship may be or how modern its safety procedures or how strict the web of international regulations , passenger safety still depends on the captain 's ability to make good decisions . It 's not clear what difference more stringent regulations would have played in the decisions of Captain Francesco Schettino , who allegedly deviated from a set route , abandoned ship after the disaster with passengers still aboard and did not return to the ship to lead rescue efforts when ordered by local port officials , according to transcripts between authorities and the captain . In light of the Concordia disaster , the new head of the International Maritime Organization -- the United Nations agency responsible for shipping safety , security and prevention of marine pollution -- has promised to look into the regulation of large passenger ships . "  We should seriously consider the lessons to be learnt and , if necessary , re-examine the regulations on the safety of large passenger ships in the light of the findings of the casualty investigation , " IMO Secretary-General Koji Sekimizu said in a statement released Monday . "  In the centenary year of the Titanic , we have once again been reminded of the risks involved in maritime activities . " Passengers first , then crew , then captain In addition to the United Nations agency , a ship is subject to the laws of the country whose flag it flies , often called "  flag administration . " The ship may also be subject to the laws of a country where it stops .  The Concordia did n't stop in U.S. ports carrying U.S. passengers , which means it was n't subject to U.S. Coast Guard regulations , according to Brad Schoenwald , senior marine inspector of the U.S. Coast Guard 's Cruise Ship National Center of Expertise . In the Concordia case , the laws of Italy also apply . Schettino may face charges including manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , chief prosecutor Francesco Verusio said . Abandoning ship is a maritime crime that has been on the books for centuries in Spain , Greece and Italy , according to Alessandra Batassa , a lawyer in Rome , although many other countries have long abandoned it . Although U.S. law does n't single out abandoning ship as a crime , it 's a longtime maritime tradition that the captain be the last one off a sinking ship , according to maritime law professor Craig Allen , visiting professor of law at Yale University Law School and the U.S. Coast Guard Academy . "  If you 're going to be master of a ship , your responsibility is first to your passengers , second to your crew , then you look after yourself , " said Allen , a Coast Guard veteran . "  It 's shameless and dishonorable -LSB- for the captain -RSB- to take himself out of the mix like that . " Current international regulation Under current international regulations , each cruise company must have a safety plan , called a safety management system , that details responsibilities in the event of an emergency , Schoenwald said . In the event of a fire on board , the captain would sound the general emergency alarm -- seven short blasts followed by one longer blast -- to direct crew members to fight the fire and direct passengers to their specified "  muster " stations , where passengers are directed during safety drills to gather in event of emergency . If the incident is contained , passengers might be allowed to resume their normal activities or be kept away from the damaged part of the ship until a return to port , or they might be required to abandon ship . "  The call to abandon is made by the captain , " Schoenwald said . "  When the abandon ship signal is made , they have 30 minutes to get everyone off the ship , even though the general emergency could have started a day or hour before . " It 's not clear to Miami maritime attorney Brett Rivkind why the captain did n't issue a mayday signal to call for outside help soon after the accident . " -LSB- A captain needs -RSB- to know your ship and what danger your ship is in , " he said . "  Tilting and listing is a pretty good sign " of distress . Passengers can be prepared While passengers have little or no control over the abilities of their captain or crew , disasters like the Concordia are rare . Still , passengers can take steps to ensure a safe trip much of the time . AAA Travel recommends that U.S. citizens who are traveling internationally register with the U.S. Department of State 's free Smart Traveler Enrollment program  STEP  at https://travelregistration.state.gov or directly at U.S. embassies or U.S. consulates , AAA spokeswoman Cynthia Brough said . This will help the State Department better help them during an emergency . Before you board , make a copy of your passport and have a bag with necessities like hard-to-replace medication , said Kimberly Wilson Wetty , head of the Valerie Wilson Travel 's cruise department . As soon as you board your ship and arrive at your room , find your life vest and participate in the mandatory safety drill , called a muster drill . "  If you 've been on a number of cruises , you do n't pay as close attention -LSB- to the muster drill -RSB- as you probably should , " said John Deiner , managing editor of CruiseCritic.com . Though attendance is mandatory , he said , there are often a few people who skip the drill . Find out where you 'll get a life jacket if an emergency keeps you from returning to your room for yours . During the cruise , place your purse and necessities in the same place in your room every time you enter . Whatever went wrong to cause or exacerbate the Concordia cruise ship disaster , most of the Concordia crew and passengers safely made it off the ship . And though the images of the disaster may turn off many people to cruising , experts say it 's still one of the safest transportation methods available . CNN 's Marnie Hunter , Barbie Latza Nadeau and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	New cruise ship regulations are possible Concordia captain may face charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship U.S. citizens who are traveling internationally should register with the U.S. State Department Passengers are advised to pay close attention to safety drills
Editor 's note : Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Republican , represents the 3rd District of Utah in Congress and is appearing in CNN.com 's "  Freshman Year " series , along with Rep. Jared Polis , a Democrat from Colorado . Here , his wife , Julie Chaffetz , talks about how she copes with the challenges of her freshman year as a "  congressional spouse . " Julie Chaffetz and her husband , Rep. Jason Chaffetz , pose in front of a view of Washington . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In reality , there 's a lot more to serving in Congress than simply voting on the House floor . There are plenty of tasks -- technically optional -- that are essential for someone who wants to do this job well . No one makes you read the bills , but to do the job right , you must . There are constituents to meet with , letters to answer , staff to manage , media to respond to and new bills to research . These duties can eat up as much time as I can give . I 'm learning to balance the workload . The real challenge for me is setting the work aside . My family is still the center of my life . I look forward to that flight home every single weekend . Through trial and error , Julie and I have learned some important strategies for making our family time count . I have learned to schedule time individually with each of my children . I also schedule time to date my wife . We met at a wedding in Arizona and started dating shortly after when I was a senior and Julie was a junior at Brigham Young University in 1989 . We married in February 1991 . Julie 's challenges are different from mine . I 'll let her explain what it 's like to be a congressional spouse . Julie Chaffetz : As I sit down for a moment to type , I 'm strangely aware that 10-finger typing is much harder than thumb texting -- a symptom of my life . Time seems to be flying , as the saying goes , and it is fun . Since Jason was elected to Congress , I have learned to adapt to many new challenges . Perspective is everything . Jason loves his job ; I love my job . Raising three children to be healthy , happy contributors to society is my quest . Nurturing our 8 , 13 and 16-year-olds is a lesson in constant motion -- or rather , commotion . It 's important to me that they feel centered and cared for . Although I 'm not a perfect mother , I 've got great kids who reward me with hugs , smiles , occasional pouts and late-night chats . Planning is crucial . Before Congress , I tended to deal with things day-by-day . Now , time is precious . During our campaign I received some sage advice from Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake 's wife , Cheryl . She recommended that when Jason is in Washington , I spend time doing the things I need to do on my own , such as errands , volunteering , time with friends , helping with homework , and home projects like learning how to repair a toilet -- and yes , I mastered this skill ! So , when Jason is home , we can use our time as a family working , reconnecting and having fun . I 'm a people person . Family and friends are a big part of my support . I 'm the youngest of six and I have an amazing family . My parents and siblings are settled everywhere from Minnesota to Arizona . Fortunately , Utah is a great midpoint . We regularly have company ; so much so that we 've earned the nickname "  Hotel Chaffetz . " For day-to-day support , I 'm lucky to have two very close friends . Our kids have grown up together and my friends are always there when I need anything : from picking my kids up from school if I 'm running late , tending our dogs when we travel , or giving me a pep talk just when I need it . I also belong to a book club of six women . We have been laughing , counseling and spilling our guts to each other once a month for the past 16 years . And we still manage to read good books , too . One of my recent favorites is "  The Glass Castle " by Jeannette Walls . Above all , I have learned to be flexible and keep my sense of humor . Recently , I was in Washington with Jason when he decided the right thing to do was to fly to Antigua and help some Americans out . Although I was tempted to be bugged , I chose to be flexible . I spent the rest of my day without Jason , flew home alone , and arranged for a ride home from the airport . Good friends are priceless . I 'm the CEO of Utah Chaffetz and lovin ' it ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz and Julie Chaffetz .	Rep. Chaffetz 's wife , Julie , is raising three children ; writes "  perspective is everything " "  Planning is crucial . " Julie used to go with the flow , but "  now , time is precious " Julie Chaffetz says support from family and close friends keeps her going Says being flexible important as plans change or the need to travel comes up
